4	Pretty good fast-food style gyros.  The place had a lot of people there when I went on a lunch hour.  My gyro was very meaty, something that other places skimp on.
4	Yum.  I love their gyros.  They sure do fill ya up.  This was my first Gyro experience years ago and I crave it all the time.  Not as authentic as other Greek places but for fast food it certainly is good!
4	The Gyro Sandwich #1 was pretty tasty but it would have been better if there was some kind of sauce in it.  It was pretty much just the bread with shaved meat, lots of onions and a few tomatoes.  Very dry but tasty.  I don't know if they forgot to put it in or if the dressing was a separate item.
4	never been in this place but the drive-thru is very fast & the service is friendly & helpgul(english-speaking). this is the only place for a good gyro in las vegas. some higher priced places try but nothing comes close to the one's @ gyrotime. good cheap eats. baklava is delicious too & cheap!!
2	Cheap food and quality. Nice counter help. It is just another fast food place.
5	Pros:OLD SCHOOL, I've been going to this place ever since I was a kid.Introduced me to that wondrous thing called the gyro.The meat is always juicy and filled with spice.They offer hot sauce, which tastes amazing on a gyro if you ask me. Cons:A tad steep.I've always been a bit off put by how it's trying to be like McDonald's Greek Style. :/I've been going to Gyro Time for as long as I can remember. I don't go as often as I like seeing the prices but man is this some good comfort food. Don't forget to try the baklava.
3	Good for a fast health food alternative than burger king. Busy with people and got my food out fast.
3	This place hit the spot on a hot sunny day. Our group didn't want something greasy and this was the first place we found on the gps.Upon arrival, the place looked new! Maybe it was clean, but it was a surprise. Ordered the number one and the number 3 because i was hungry. The meat on both was great! Good flavor. I love how the onions were spicy too.My cons for this place:The dressing. It tasted like sour cream, but i wished it tasted like traditional yogurt.The paper wrapping: my gyro fell apart so easily and i wished they wrapped it completely. They had a small sleeve at one end.Price: 15 bucks for 2 gyros, no sides and no drink.Overall, good food.
4	I eat here a lot.  My office is in a weird spot and this is one of the few restaurants close enough to grab lunch.  I think it's pretty reasonable for Greek food.  Yes, it's fast food Greek, but still very good.I always get the Gyro Sandwich and fries.  I like my Gyro with Frank's red hot and nothing else.  Yum! Their fries are really good.  Nice and crispy.  A lot of people from my office love their greek salad with Gyro meat and Spanakopita.  For the price, you really can't go wrong with this place.  Get it to go.  The interior of this Gyro Time is creepy and uncomfortable.  Kind of like a lunchroom from the '70's.
4	I have been coming here for years to get my comfort food!  I've never ordered anything but the Gyro meal and a fruit punch.  The meal comes with a gyro sandwich and french fries and a drink.I always get the gyro with the sauce that they provide and I always ask for hot sauce to dump on top.  I then savor the moment and proceed to get my "swerve" on.The food is consistently delicious, always hot and never have to wait more than a few minutes while they make it fresh.Totally digging this joint!
4	Gyro Time! I simply adore this place and am lucky as I live only 10 minutes away so I can fulfill myself when needed as often as needed, mmmmmmm yes!Simplicity is key, fresh and generous Gyro meat, fresh pita, and the most delicious creamy cucumber sauce your mouth will have the chance to savor. It all blends so well together. The meat is generous, quarter pound of beef and lamb.They also have a barbeque sauce gyro that rocks.Basically I have sampled a lot of their menu, everything is fresh and delish.I am just hooked on the plain simple perfect Gyro they have been granting us in their 30 years in business! Gyro Time Gyros give me the mouth orgasm I need to get on with my day! Plain and simple.Sock it to me Gyro Time! Love you guys and your staff is awesome!
4	Got the gyro time sandwich with lamb n beef shwarma, tender tasty meat, good tzaziki sauce, haven't had a gyro in years, this one holds up to most, but one time at band camp..... OopsNext time gonna gnosh on the falafel (is that the spelling)? Free drink refills, u get fries w the combo for 3bux more....Gyro you later!Cali
5	I have been friends with the owners for many years even before Gyro Time opened in 1978. The food has always been excellent & continues to get better, with bigger servings and more tasty yummy cucumber sauce. Today I got to sample their soon to be added gyro slider, a BBQ gyro with cheese & bacon on a mini pita for about half the price of a gyro. That's gonna be an extremely delicious addition to an already great menu! So definitely visit anyone of their 3 locations or try them all!
5	Ive been coming here since I was a kid..same owner, same quality, same service. EXCELLENT!!!
3	I think there is 3 locations in Vegas.I heard a lot about it, so I decided to try it. Meat is very tasty..Pita was soft and hot. Onions raw and tomatoes. Nothing overpowering. Cucumber sauce was mild,  actually a little bland. but with the seasonings of the meat, it was a great combination. It was a taste that I was looking for, nothing over the top, but this was also my first time trying a gyro, pretty much ever. I left satisfied, and I would definitely come back. Maybe I'll bump it up to another star,when I try something else.
4	Gyros are a thing of beauty. Delicious shaved meat (classic beef and lamb mixture). Warm, soft pita. Tomato and onion. Top it with tzaziki sauce and enjoy. Oh, the emense satisfaction I get from downing a good gyro from Gyro Time. The only problem is I don't like onion and always forget to ask for my gyro to be without. And let me tell you, they put a lot of onion on their gyros at Gyro Time. Everyhting else is phenominal. I think this is my favorite Gyro. The location I am reviewing today is the one on west Charleston. They are friendly and fast. And the food is amazing. The  decor is lacking though. Orange and yellow bench seats that remind me of a cafeteria are found in abundance. The walls are adorned with thrift shop photos and paintings of I suppose Greece. There is not sense of atmosphere here. It is very much a get you in get you out kind of place. That is not a serious issue.  Its just not much fun.
3	Do I really need to tell you to get the gyro?
2	I am glad I tried this place for two reasons:  1) convenient drive through, 2) hummus plate. The hummus is fresh and delicious and nicely assembled.  The pita bread was delicious.Unfortunately, the grilled chicken was not good...tough, lacked flavor...did not have the flavor or taste of grilled chicken...cooking method needs improvement, as the chicken seems to have simmered on the grill instead of being grilled....need to marinate chicken longer, pat dry prior to grilling, and use enough oil to grill rather than stew.Price a bit high and not sure if drive through guy had clean hands/nails...
4	We found Gyro Time via the Yelp Site when looking to satisfy our craving for Gyro's while running errands last week. The stars aligned to be a great gyro sandwich with an added bonus that I found amazing.... the availability of Feta Dressing to put on the sammy. I haven't seen this condiment in Gyro establishments since I was back in Mississippi. So I was super stoked and the flavor did not disappoint.The only con I really thought needed to be mentioned is that I would like the option to have lettuce on the gyro. I am getting the feeling from the places I have been to that the standard combo is tomato and onion but I don't care for the tomato. So, its kinda strong to have the gyro and onions alone there together. Just sayin'....otherwise, loved the sandwich and will revisit when the urge for gyros hits again.
4	Great! If you work nearby and are looking for a quick lunch spot, this is it. They even have a drive through. The place is very dated on the inside (who really cares?). The gyro meat is incredible. I had the Greek salad with gyro meat and freshly brewed iced tea (props to them on this, most places just serve iced tea from a soda machine). The original olive oil dressing and the taziki are great with the gyro meat. I will definitely be back and I will definitely recommend it to friends.
5	I started going to this place in 1984 when I was in 3rd grade. It was a reward for getting good grades. I remember getting cheeseburger gyros and thinking they were the best thing ever. Sadly the cheeseburger is long gone.  Then I left for college and made sure to hit gyro time every timer I made it home for holidays.   And now as an adult I make sure to stop in every now and then.I now order the gyro with no onions, add feta cheese, and throw some hot sauce on it.  Delicious every time...The guy who I think is the owner is in there  about half the time I'm there. He is a nice guy who is alway willing to have a conversation and seems to enjoy being there.... I have tried the Cheyenne location (way closer to my house) but it just isn't the same for some reason...   I am going to chalk that up to childhood memories.....All and all this is a good place to grab lunch and take a stroll down memory lane for me....   I can't wait to take my daughter there one day when they bring back the cheeseburger gyro and she earns a trip there with her good grades....
1	I'm greek, and grew up in a greek town in New York, so I know how the food should be made and taste. The gyro was RAW and when I approached the Mexican cooks they said that's how we make them! Don't go for you will get sick. This place is the worst.
4	I saw the billboards and drove past this place, thinking surely a place with a drive thru did not warrant this much excitement. Like other reviewers, I too expected this place to be equivalent to McDonald's take on "authentic Greek food".Oh how wrong I was.GYRO SLIDER- a baby gyro, complete with tomato and onion, and a cup of the famously delicious cucumber cream sauce. It's about five bites, the perfect size for a large snack, or just grab two for a meal. Meat is overflowing and tender, just the right light amount of veggies to add balance, all wrapped in warm pita. Yeah, I used the entire cup of cucumber sauce on this little thing. And loved it all.SPANAKOPITA- about $4 and easily the largest piece of spanakopita I've ever had, even comparing it to more formal sit-down restaurants. Well-priced for good value, and on top of that, it's freaking delicious: light flaky phyllo dough, tons of creamy feta cheese and spinach stuffing, very indulgent. This could be a meal in itself.BAKLAVA- at $2, the price is on par with others in the area for this dessert. But it's two or three times the size of the "usual" orders elsewhere, and it tastes homemade with an extra kick of some sort of seasoning/spice to make it unique, though I can't place my finger on what it is; allspice or clove. Oh, and it's proportionally accurate with a good amount of filling, rather than being mostly flaky dough, as I've had elsewhere.GREEK SALAD- I don't like the way it's packaged and how it consists entirely of iceberg lettuce, but their feta dressing is probably my favorite salad dressing ever.I regularly hit the drive thru here for a midday snack or to grab an easy and cheap dinner. Food is always fresh, prices are really good, quality is higher than any other place I've been with a drive-thru.
4	Went there for late lunch/early dinner with the family. I got the 'Gyro TIme' sandwich which was loaded with meat, and fries. Two oldest kids got the chicken gyro, my youngest had tenders and fries, and my wife got a felafel. It sounded good, so i ordered a felafel to-go. Guy at register was super nice. He bent over backwards to accommodate us with ranch after our condiment debacle, but more on that in a minute. The place could use a remodel, as some of the reviews mentioned the outdated decor as well. Reminded me of my high school cafeteria, but I will not count the decor against them. Now for the condiment debacle. Gyro Time would have gotten a full 5 stars, but they decide to use a ketchup brand that is not Heinz. People, I am tired of trying to get my point across!!! If it ain't Heinz, it ain't sh*t!!!!!!!!!!! How people can actually use other brands and then go to sleep at night with a clear conscious is beyond me. It almost ruined my experience here, and it has ruined my experiences at some other places(check out some of my previous reviews).
4	Always delicious! The employees are always friendly,  and attentive. The gyros are always fresh, and the cucumber sauce is nom, nom, nom.
5	This place is amazing. It may not be exactly like Greek's make it, but the food is awesome. My boyfriend said he liked this place so I decided to try it out. Now, I can not get enough. I definitely 100% recommend this place!
5	At Bad Apple Tattoo getting some work done and this place comes highly recommended.My husband went and grabbed food and was back in about 10 minutes. Fast service.The food was amazing. The sides of cucumber sauce are huge, so try the one before ordering more. The gyro time sammich is delicious and I hope to be back!
5	They get a 5 because there's no 4.5. The service is awesome. Today we came in around 4:30 and the guy taking our order was super nice and genuine. Not fake at all. We had a difficult order because my daughter is allergic to everything and he still made everything seem like it was no big deal. When I gave him the wrong amour when paying he never gave me a stink face. When I asked for extra hot sauce the other attendant was polite also. Then when we were done he came around and asked about our meal. What fast food restaurant has nice service like this. This dude was genuinely nice and made us have a better day and we will g to this location even if it's far because of his exceptional service.Manager please give this guy a raise! :)The gyro was great. Onions weren't too strong. They actually were sweet. We always order extra meat and it really was overflowing.
2	Small menu, dining room closes at 7:30 pm not 8 pm. Drive thru is open till 8. Food is ok, you get your Greek craving.
