4	Ahh yes, Sardella's and their $5 medium pizza special. The location near 19th Ave and Union is my Sardella's home base. We grab a cheapie medium cheese to go quite often (the price is not good for delivery).The toppings, ingredients & cheese is much better than what you would find at those national chains.For a small shop cooked, good medium pizza, you can't beat 5 bucks. Try their ranch dressing as well. It's made in house and is delish.
3	I don't get all the hype about this place.  It was OK pizza...needed more sauce or flavor or something.
3	Saredella's Ultimate.  Memories of a time gone by.Back in the late eighties, my high school friends and I would hold regular Thursday evening get togethers to watch Married With Children and The Simpsons on the fledgeling Fox network....and we always ordered a Sardella's Ultimate:Large Cheese Pizza and 50 wings for 11.99 (back then).Oh sure, they still sell pizza, and they stil sell wings, but over the years they've gone from a super fresh neighborhood REAL pizza parlor (this is THE original location) to a generic, uneven quality "local-chain" of pizza stores. No fancy ingredients: the last time I tried to get a Hawaiian style, they had no Canadian bacon, only ham, not as slices, but tiny diced bits with a yucky flavor, and just as oily as pepporoni would have been, anyway.  No artichoke or banana peppers or anything like that either.On the positive, they do have cheap deals, and are regular sponsors of local kids' sports teams and other community stuff.  I remember getting a coupon for a free medium pizza when I moved into my house.I wish the Sardella's family continued success, but hope that someone within recognizes that their restaurants just aren't what they used to be.
4	I went to Sardella's this afternoon to try their pie (with my fave topping, pepperoni). The restaurant has a cozy feel, the service was fast and friendly, and the pie was good; the cheese, sauce, and quality of the crust was better than what I get at most pizza chains. I'm glad, too, that they managed to keep their prices low.
4	Good Pizza and Wings.Good deals for pizza slices for lunch.
3	2.5 for the pizza 3.5 for the wings 5 for the way it used to be... Let me take you back to 1988 on the corner of 19th Ave and Union Hills Rd. There was a Safeway, Walgreen's and Sardellas. They were the new kids to the hood. My wonderful Momz and I were next door getting some useless crap from Walgreen's and the hunger hit. Momz always liked a good pizza. We walk into a tiny 1 suite pad and ask for 2 slices of pizza. Mr Sardella (totally Broken English and all) said " I'll-a give-a you-a a whole pie-a if ya tell-a me what-you think-a" Momz was no dummy she raised 4 kids, pizza never went to waste. We get the whole pie and man was it chewy... no flavor and meh. She tells the guy and he starts yelling and hitting David Sardella, " I tol-a you, you touch it too much-a" It was the funniest thing ever. Momz ordered pizza from them for over 7 year EVERY Friday for Daycare and several more times a month for dinners. My wife ordered from there for almost 10 years EVERY Friday and for huge get togethers we would order Sardellas. BUT ALAS.... The pizza got stingy, no great flavor, no great appeal. In fact they are now serving Deer Vally School's the lunches on Monday Wed and Friday. Sardellas has become "school lunch" boo Go get a Garlic cheese bread and some wings but skip the pizza. They do serve the Deer Valley Schools well, always giving money or hosting events, and I thank them for continuing to give back to the community.
4	This is a little far from me, but I had a friend bring me their Honey Barbeque wings 1 time. Those were some of the best darn honey bbq wings I've had. Too bad I don't live closer. I'd definitely be coming here more often.
4	You can always find a decent slice of pizza here.  The sauce and cheese are good, but occasionally applied sparingly.  I usually go with the thick crust.  It is better than the nationwide chains, but at times can be slightly undercooked.
4	I enjoy good bites for a cheap price.  This little hole of a pizza joint surprised me.  One large pizza for about $10 - almost as good as Little Caesars Hot-n-Ready!  Though I really liked their pizza.  The dough was doughy and the sauce was saucy - yum!  Service was okay, but it was like ordering from a fast food joint - is school out or SB1070 kicked out all the good workers??  My server looked like she was 12 - are we resorting to child labors now?  Anyways, decor was cheap and fast.  Looked like someone thought the 80's were back. - Enjoy!
5	I love their wings, they are the only wings I actually crave on the planet.  Pizza is pretty good too, but the wings are soooo good.  Good service, nice place.
5	OK, it's not the best pizza I've ever had, but with all of the competition around them, there is no competing, their pizza is the best. And with the constant promotions like half price Mondays, it's an easy dinner choice. It's way better than any big chain pizza, and the wings are good.
5	I love Sardella's!! they have great pizza and the winds are great!! they also have a killer monday special (half price pizza!)  this wings are so good they will make you wanna smack your momma!!
4	The pizza is pretty good especially for the price and they serve a nice size too. My husband and I enjoy the thin crust; I would perfer it be a little more crispy but my husband thinks it's perfect as-is...just the right amount of cooked.They have recently started mixing up the pizza selection by offering a monthly special which is pretty cool. All and all it's a good everyday pizza joint.
4	good service, cheap good pizza      PRO TIP,  check in on foursquare and get discount
5	Been ordering from Sardella's for years. Long before yelp was but a whisper.Great pizza and wings. I think I have only been let down once, but I even question my memory on that.Everything always arrives hot when I order delivery.
4	Love the pizza and the service is fast.It's a little pricey for me sometimes. I wish there were more deals, like 25 cent wing Wednesday. Again the service is really good and the food is good.
5	I cannot believe I have not written a review for this place yet. It is literally around the corner from my house and I have been quite often. The service is great and the pizza is delicious. Now granted everyone that calls Sardella's, I am sure  their number ultimately locked in but I always feel special when I call and  they are like "Hey Eb, how are you? Are you getting your usual order"? lol.  I especially love their Monday deals in which some of pizzas are 50%. Score! Although one of my favorites is a the large meat lovers for about $12 (not included in the Monday special) It is meaty and delicious! Lord knows how many times I have ordered that one.So if you happen to be in the neighborhood and you are craving pizza and wings, stop in to this location. I promise you won't be disappointed!
2	This used to be the best  place in the Valley to get Pizza and Wings. The  pizza is still pretty good but the wings leave something to be desired now. They are extremely dry with hardly any meat on them at all. I have had to complain a few times. I keep getting told the wings depend on the supplier. Time to get a  new supplier I think so you can be the place you used to be. The prices have also gotten pretty expensive.
5	Pizza is always hot and fresh. We go to Sardellas regularly.  Its better than having it delivered.
4	Pretty decent pizza. Not the best in the world but light-years ahead of Dominos. On Mondays, pizza is 50% off when you dine in or carry out and it's a great deal. Their wings are mighty tasty too.Can't say I recommend their Sicilian crust, but the hand tossed is pretty darn good.
2	If you are a pizza person. like me, this is okay chain pizza.
4	Very good food and a family friendly atmosphere.  Also one of the few places that makes affordable Gluten-free pizza.
1	Can't believe was told to leave from the 19th ave location almost 10 minutes before closing time when all I wanted was some wings to go. I have commented to their homepage numorous times and plan to continue sharing my experience with this restaurant. I enthusiastically do not endorse this restaurant.  Do not waste your time!
4	Sorry folks - thought I reviewed this place ages ago. My bad.We don't go here a lot  - we tend to hop around when it comes to pizza joints. But, it's a pretty decent pie! Fresh and tasty. Mondays are 1/2 off your pie...Eating in the establishment is our preference - even the 4 minute drive to the house will kill any hope of a crispy wing.As for the wings - they aren't bad. Suicide is hardly suicide, so don't be scared if you like the upper-levels of heat. You'd be hard pressed to tell the diff between Suicide and Hot. Like every place else, the wings are more expensive than I'd like. I'm just not sure wings are a good value anymore...anywhere.The staff is friendly and fast - inside AND delivery. So however you wanna do it.
4	I am happy that much of the menu can be ordered gluten free.  The gf boneless chicken wings rock!  The gf garlic cheese bread is my GO TO.....instead of getting the pizza.  It's $7 vs. way more for the ZA first off.  It's made with Gluten Free Creations crust either way...and the pizza sauce is  boring and toppings are bland.  Stick with the cheese bread with it's cheesy, garlicky goodness and you'll be fine.  Also the salads are fresh and a good value.I suggest telling them to cook the gf crust options a little less because they tend to arrive a bit overdone.  They carry so much gf due to a family member being gf.  Just wish they (and many others!) would do their own gf crust (like Picazzo's) because the GFC crust is okay but not WOW!  BUT I'm soooooo very glad they carry so much GF!The regular items are usually a hit at our house too.  The thick crust gets rave reviews.
4	Yowie !Great food & wish we could of had a sampler....... a lot to choose from, Chicken Pomodoro (EXCELLENT !)
2	Pizza is "ok" nothing to rave about unless your a bread lover.I eat from here at least once a week ( work buys us pizza and wings) wings never have that crispthey're ALWAYS soggy an barley cooked all the way. But hey see for yourself !
4	Really enjoyed their pizza. Ordered on a Tuesday and the girl informed me it was buy 1 get 1 free that night. Total score! 14.00 for 1 lrg pepperoni and 1 lrg cheese. Going to try the bianca pizza next time.
1	I have been ordering delivery from Sardellas for years and the occasional eat-in lunch special. Used to be 5 stars easy...NOT anymore. Last couple of orders were horrible. Paid for extra toppings on one of two pies.They both came with the same amount!! It also decreased my credibility with my house guests after telling them how good the pizza was.On another order I had a meatball on a white pizza. No basil was anywhere on the pizza and there was hardly any meatball on the pizza. Each slice had a very tiny blob of meatball no bigger than a penny... if at all. RIP off. These are the worst experiences, but the rating is based more on the decline of a once great pizza place.I really want to know what happened! They used to be so good. I gave them 5 stars in 2011, but over the last year they have gone downhill and I felt it was time to update my review.No more of my money is going your way!
1	This was my first experience with Sardella's and it was incredibly disappointing. Ordered the Pomodoro pizza, spicy bbq wings, and honey bbq wings. All were painfully mediocre. I ordered from this location mostly of the lack of good pizza in the area, and wanted something that wasn't Pizza Hut or Dominos. Big mistake. Pizza was bland, wings were typical frozen wings with bbq sauce, blah blah. It was bad. Don't bother. Even Pizza Hut is better which is saying a lot.
5	Quick update -awhile back Sardella's asked Social Media (facebook if I recall) what toppings we'd like to see added to the choices. Many of us voted for artichoke hearts. Lo and behold, not two weeks later I could order them on my pizza, even online ordering got updated. Nice to see a business that interacts and reacts quickly with their clientele and has a responsive web design/social media team.
3	Ordered a Pomodoro pizza, it was very, very bland. Instead of a pizza it was more like bread with cheese on it. They used so little sauce that at first I literally thought they forgot to add it or that it didn't come with sauce for some reason. It was honestly tasted like a flat piece of bread with cheese on it : /Calzone was average, wings were great.I ordered this from the one on Lake Pleasant Parkway by the way.
3	When we want takeout pizza, Sardella's is a no-brainer for us.  It is near by so delivery is always HOT and whatever we order arrives fast. Plus the pizza here is good, just not jump up and down pizza good, just good. What was ordered: Grand kids are visiting tomorrow so we ordered plenty of food to feed them the next day as well.Side of meatballs in marinara.  (came with 5 garlic knots)The meatballs wern't bad same for the marinara sauce. Nothing special but good. Garlic knots hardly had any garlic on them. Med. Buffallo Chicken Pizza - hand tossed - good amount of toppings on throughout the pizzaLarge Pepperoni & sausage - hand tossed -good amount of toppings on throughout the pizza came with with 20 wings (med.)PRICE: The prices are reasonable. The prices are fair for the quality they are competitive. SERVICE: The guy at the counter was nice and polite. FOOD: WINGS - I am VERY picky about my wings. First bite from one tells me everything I need to know and IF I'll have more. Sardella's wings are big, jucy and not slathered in sauce like some places. They were just right. So If you're craving wings this is a good place because they are better than alot of places out there for wings. PIZZA: Satisfied and fulfilled everyonescraving. The crust is just right, not too thick and not too thin and cooked just right.. The tomato sauce had a nice balance of flavors to itand is perfectly seasoned: MEATBALLS: a little bland the marinara sauce was OK I've had way better. CONCLUSION: Everybody seemed satisfied with their food and I was too.  NOT the best pizza & wings but good. They have good variety on the menu in addition to pizza they have pasta, salads, Calzones and wings!
4	Wings were good but the blanco pizza with artichoke hearts and chicken was outstanding. Will be returning for a second round.
4	Love Pizza Monday 1/2 on any pizza ...... Pizza is good I have try the wings. But There on my list for Pizza MondaysBusy place Order early...
3	We were driving in from CA, coming in to visit our friends in AZ.  We got hungry, wanted to grab a bite to eat.  We saw their billboard, which attracted us to check it out.  We pulled up, there were no cars parked in front and they had no customers.  We took a chance anyways. They had a large selection on their menu which was a bit overwhelming to stare up, while the cashier guy just stared at the 4 of us looking clueless.  We would've appreciated some offer of assurance or suggestions.  We ended up getting two large pizzas, and one order of boneless wings.  Don't bother getting the boneless wings cause you might as well just go to McDonalds to get their McChicken nuggets!  Thy didn't look like wings at all.  The buffalo chicken BBQ was a bit on the spicy tangy taste, so I had to pass on that. The other pizza we had there was tomatoes & cheese.  It's def a local pizza joint, they got busier later on.  The pizza was alright, made our hungry tummies content for the time being.
5	I've grown up being a fan of Sardella's and preferred it over any chain pizza joint. I've always enjoyed their fresh pizza and great wings.
5	Really great food recommend by hotel- embassy suits north- fast affordable and the spaghetti and meatballs dinner meal could feed a small army!
5	Love Sardella's Pizza and wings!!  Their buffalo chicken pizza is the best!!  I could eat it EVERY day (if I could).  Always have had great service and food!  Chicken wings are also very good (bit small) but delicious!  I look forward to the days I can eat here :)  I would recommend it to anyone!!
4	The pizza is decent for the price. Love their Monday 50% off every pizza....can't beat that deal. The garlic knots are awesome and reasonably priced too.
3	This place was no more than decent. Good deals though, but at the cost of quality I think. I've only ordered once so I could be wrong. Here's what I got:Suicide wings: With a name like that I thought they would be very very hot. They werent. Tasted like normal wings to me but that's okay because they were very tasty. Buffalo chicken pizza:I didn't know this pizza came as squares and I hate squares.. lol. Oh well. Many of the pieces were mostly crust and there was very little chicken on it. The flavor was decent but to bite into it was.....chewy. similar to jerky. It wasn't crisp or satisfying. I won't ever order that again. It was a good price for a medium but I could've spent that money at Dominoes and had an awesome pizza...Will I order again? Maybe for the wings...but not for the pizza. Maybe the rest of their pizza doesn't suck, who knows. I might order on a Monday to get half off that way if it does suck, it was cheap. Overall, this place was "meh". I only ordered because I wanted wings and for $25 I should've just gone to buffalo wild wings.
2	Wings were delicious. I would have rated the wings alone 5 stars if they didn't cost $20.  The pizza was delicious, too. Also $20.Total tab from receipt, including the "Mini Ultimate" discount was $41.36, including a $3 tip and $3 delivery charge. For 1 pizza and wings.I would have gladly paid $20-25 for a pizza (large pepperoni, onion, mushroom, olive, and sausage) and wings (honey barbecue) that tasted like this. The icing on the cake would have been actually getting the tomatoes they charged me $1.70 for but didn't include.I would not recommend this place unless you have extra money burning a hole in your pocket and don't mind being ripped off. The girl that answered the phone had a super friendly voice and was super condescending.  The delivery man complained about how hard the place was to find and griped about the drive.  The food isn't bad, and I'd recommend this place if the service wasn't so poor and the food so overpriced.
5	Delicious food and friendly service can't go wrong with good food and great service! What else do you want? Clowns??
5	I remember eating this pizza everyday at Barry Goldwater in high school as they had it for lunch at the cafeteria.  The pizza is really good and is definitely worth checking out, as it's not too pricey.
5	Yummy. Great pizza. Great guy took our order. It was a bit hot inside but it was 107 degrees outside. We will be back
5	Great pizza and garlic knots!  Sardella's also has quick delivery as well. The prices can be expensive (especially if you build your own), but it's worth it. We ordered from Sardella's the other night, and the crust was delicious! I love this place!!!
5	Although, this was the first-time that I have tried Sardella's this will not be my last trip to this restaurant and even thought they are in my neighborhood, I am sorry I waited so long. The food was fantastic the suicide wings, pizza, and salad was excellent.
5	So I ate here in October of 2013...1 year ago. That is how much it has lasted in my mind. I was staying in town for a few days and ate here 3 times. It is the best pizza I have ever had in my life, and it makes me want to go from San Diego where I live back to Phoenix just to eat here.The prices and specials cannot be beat, the portions are a good size, the staff is friendly and they are located very conveniently if you are staying at a near by hotel.If I was on death row and had a choice of a final meal, a pizza from here would be the answer.
2	Wings and pizza is good, but pricey. Their customer service is the worst if they made your meal wrong. Make it difficult to get it fixed especially if it was delivered they make you drive to their location to get your correct order. Also they send out mailers with the specials but when you call they say it is no longer available at that price, although I just got it in the mail that day.   So their food is good but not great for the prices, and I heard they just hiked their prices again. Was a customer for some time but with all the bad experiences will not be going back.
4	Good pizza and specials
5	Ordered delivery for 15 today. Ordering process was efficient and painless. Good service there. The food arrived right on time. I ordered: two pepperoni pizzas, one pomodoro pizza, one combo and one cheese pizza. I also got three-two liter bottles of soft drinks and two extra dippers. The total was $97 plus tip. Not bad for feeding 15 hungry guys. The pizzas had good sauce, which was seasoned well. The cheese was bountiful and the meats/veggies were fresh. The dippers were prepackaged packets and not worth the extra charge. They were ignored by the crew. I would recommend Sardella's for a group lunch.
1	Terrible service and dishonest. I was charged twice for the same pizza and when I called to order next time and spoke to manager Brittany, I was basically told there was nothing they would do and I must be lying. I was promptly hung up on by Brittany. I strongly suggest taking your business somewhere else, the pizza was just so so anyway.
5	I'm not sure if this place was having a particularly good night, but we ordered pizzas on new year's day and they were both great!! We had one pizza with fresh ricotta, and it was divine - and about $10.My brother lives nearby, if I were closer, this would be my new pizza place. I highly recommend giving it a try. It's scrumptious.
