5	Had the Bun Cha Ha Noi. It was so GOOD!!! Must have this when u are here. I will come back :)
5	Excellent vermicelli! My dad and I loved the thai tea as well. Such great portions and would love to go back.
4	This is my first visit and I had the rice plate (forgot the name) with the shredded pork, grilled pork chop, and egg loaf,  it was delicious until I got near the bone. The meat near it was a little pink.  I also ordered cha gio, which to me was over cooked in the fryer; more like on the burnt side.  Price to me was the same as anywhere else. Their biggest drawback is the location as it is hidden and when a place is empty the food turn over ratio is a lot slower and not as fresh.
2	We were getting our usual after partying and before leaving Vegas pho for lunch. We've ordered take out to eat at our friend's house this time. Our order was 6 phos, 2 coffees, and 2 spring rolls. It took almost an hour!!!! We finally got to eat the food, have to say, it was pretty good and would return next time. But damn, they need to work on the service. It was horrendous!!
2	Drove here from the strip based on other reviews- really not very good to say the least.Egg rolls are oily and a bit mushy but flavor was ok.Had the vermicelli noodles with pork.Noodles were very over cooked. Pork was fatty and didn't have much flavor. It seemed like they are more concerned with cost control than customer service and good food.I had to beg for an additional napkin. The Vietnamese iced coffee had about a teaspoon of condensed milk in it.2 stars is generous- way better places in town. Bummer!
3	I was born in Hanoi and grew up eating Hanoi style dishes so when I saw this restaurant on Yelp, I HAD to check it out.  My mom makes the best bun cha (ask my friends!) and I've had them at restaurants in SF but practically no one in Vegas has them except Saigon 8 and now Pho Ha Noi.  I can tell you the Saigon 8 one was crap and this one barely passes...the meat tasted saltier than how my mom makes it and there was no smokiness to the patty BUT it's better than the other option.Being that the name of the restaurant is Hanoi, you would think there would be more Hanoi style dishes..NOPE, not even chicken pho! What?? Chicken pho is one of the more well known dishes of Hanoi- thicker flat rice noodles and a light chicken broth..NOPE..damn it!  Guess I'll have to go home to SF and get it from Turtle Tower....Overall, the Bun Cha Hanoi was not bad, I would go here again if I craved it.  There are other dishes here I want to try (thit kho) but I really wish they were true to their name and served more Northern style dishes as opposed to the same old pho that is served everywhere else...
2	I only gave this place two stars because I just left it's been about 20 minutes ago and I haven't puked yet... The Pho is terrible especially for the price
2	Food portions were tiny - just like this review.-Flavors: good (ordered grilled rice with jumbo shrimp, thit kho, and wings)-Hostess/Cashier didn't greet us at all (we were 2 out of the only 3 people in this restaurant)-We paid $1/bowl of rice for the pork dish, which had about 4 thin slices of pork. Don't be cheap like that.
1	This restaurant is Permanently closed  !
