5	Amazing!!!
5	Your secrets are safe at Nara! Comfy atmosphere. Try the mint guava!Intimate setting with the ones you want to spend quality time with. I don't think you'll forget the memories you leave behind! :) BIG Thanks to the owner and staff who helped make it the BEST hookahexperience yet! Lots of Laughs and a perfect girls night out!
5	New place with the best hookah , customer service is beyond great.
4	I haven't been to too many hookah lounges in my day, but this is one of the better ones Ive been to.  The staff was very nice and attentive and the place had great ventilation so there wasnt smoke all over the place.Only thing I would have liked differently is the music selection.  Personally, I like more a chill selection when I smoke hookah and the music that was playing was a little too "clubish" for my taste.  Maybe that was due to the fact it was a Friday night, not sure.Overall, good experince and would go there agin
5	The best hookah that I've had in a while.  Tempe has been letting me down a lot with hookah over the years but Nara is awesome.  Attentive staff who definitely make sure that you're comfortable.  The music was great... a little loud at times but I can't really complain.My new hookah spot. :)
5	awesome service, amazing happy hour , totally in love with the gummy bear hookah. The blonde girl that works there is amazing! i thought huh i like a water, she came over and asked before i could even get a word out, She was on top of making sure our hookah was fresh at all times and we were happy. She was a customer service rock star and I will make it my mission to be back as often as I can :)
5	Best hookah lounge in the valley! Great music, staff, service and management! Pay a little extra and bring your own alcohol. Doesn't get much better than that. The restaurant next door (same owners) also serves some of the best gyro in town!
5	The hookah was great!! I haven't had a good hookah like that in a while. Try the skittles hookah was my favorite. The staff are friendly and attentive to our needs. I would totally recommend this place to everyone. NO disappointment what so ever!
2	It was the typical hookah lounge ambiance,  the flavors didn't seem to be very prominent.  They kept pushing us to have a hookah for every 2 people.  We had a pretty big group but half of them didn't smoke.  The staff was attentive with changing up the coals but when it came to paying the bill it took over 30 mins because the manager had to close us out.  They had a DJ and he played pretty good music if EDM is your taste.  We got some sort of loaded fries, really good as well.
5	Absolutely the best hookah in Phoenix!  Love this place!!  Not surprising it has such a high rating: the staff, service, and selection are fantastic.  Make sure to try the "gummy bear" hookah- it's lip-smackingly delicious!!  They serve great snack food too, til pretty late in the evening.  Highly, highly recommend this place :)
4	I'm not a big hookah kinda guy but this location rocks. They are so friendly and social. I had a great experience the last time I went with friends. Check in and you get a discount on your visit. I believe when I went it was $5 off when you spend at least $20. I think it was worth the experience and plan to visit again soon. Not sure if every night is the same but they play great music and sports are on. They also serve food and drinks. Grab some friends and check out this place- you won't be disappointed.
5	Was in Phoenix for a business conference & decided to drop by this place Friday night close to my resort. Walked in & was greeted by employee right away! Sat me down, walked me through the menu with hookah, drink, & food options. Hookah was fantastic! The owner himself shook my hand & introduced himself. The customer service & the friendly staff itself will make me want to come back here next time I'm in Phoenix!
5	The people here are so friendly, food is great, I will definitely come back here if I am in Phoenix again.
5	Great service, even let me borrow a phone charger when my phone was about to die. Came often to check on coals. Good amount of flavors, clean and hookahs were great. Only could be better if they served alcohol, but that's hard to find in hookah lounges out here!
4	Friendly service. The hookahs are clean and smooth. Ambience is relaxing. Will go here again. Good customer service
5	Love this place. Come often because the service amazing. Even when they're busy or understaffed they try to take care of everyone. The happy hour of awesome and 5 dollar byob until 10. Always a good experience!
5	I'm a a frequent hookah smoker , I have a regular hookah lounge that I attend and help out at , but that's not the point right now.           I have been to many hookah lounges around the Metro -Phoenix area and decided to try this one out. I walked in and was greeted immediately with a smile and was seated appropriately.  The ambiance is great for groups , the place is small but quant. The staff is very friendly and always checking up on you constantly.NOTES:- ice tips available $5.00- 1 hose hookah 14.99 - 2 hose , $18.99- Most flavors $14.99 EXCEPT:- Fumari = 16.99, House = $15.99This is definitely worth coming to and the serve food as well . Highly recommended .
