5	This is the best Mexican food I've ever had! I literally have to drive across town to eat there! Great food and service!
4	Is this the best Mexican food in town?  Definitely not, but it's super cheap and pretty tasty.  This is the only halfway decent restaurant close to my office, so I am a regular here.  Service is also friendly and fast.  The chips and salsa are pretty solid and the lunch specials will fill you up and not break the bank.  I highly recommend the #5 Chile Verde Burrito plate which comes with refried beans and rice.  I've also tried the adobada taco and it's pretty good, although not as good as Tacos El Gordo.  This is truly weird, but I really love the water at this place.  Yeah, I said water.  None of that funky aftertaste like some places.
3	Very tasty.  Decent lunch specials.  Not a ton of food and not the cheapest, but it tastes really good.  And the service is good as well.
1	While at work we sometimes order from here and they deliver to us.  A couple of co workers have complained that after eating the food they have experienced upset stomachs.  Ive ordered from here several times and never had a problem up until recently.  I ordered the shredded beef taquitos and a tamale.  The taquitos were really good,  the tamale was a little dry.  Unfortunately that night, and through the wee hours of the next morning I threw up.  I felt the effects of that lunch for two days. Needless to say i won't be ordering from here again.  Its a shame because the food tasted pretty good and they were close to my work.
4	You don't go here for the ambiance but the food is all from scratch and excellent. It's a great value for very good Mexican food.
5	Great service, variety and authentic Mexican. Lunch specials rock!  Fills the hunger hole for lunch. Breakfast chilaquiles and machaca were great yesterday!
5	we ordered food from my job yesterday and the food was so good .it was very stressed and delivered in about 20 to 25 minutes I was very impressed .the only thing I would do differently is next time I'll get the hot habanero sauce I need a little more spice .thank you from the staff at valley hospital .
4	Great place for lunch! You're not paying for atmosphere, but great service and good food! My business partner and I stopped in for some soup. She ordered the Tortilla, I ordered the Albondigas.The Albondigas, had 3 large meatballs, but chunks of vegetables in a nice tomato broth. We also split the mexican shrimp cocktail. One of my favories, shrimp, cucumber, pico de gallo and avocado emerged in a sweet tangy tomato sauce. Will definitely order again on my next visit.
1	Met my girlfriend here for lunch yesterday.  She ordered a lunch special that consisted of a cheese enchilada, beans & rice and a chicken taco.  I ordered the asado de peurco.  My girlfriend stated that the chicken was mushy and bland.  After one bite I knew we would not return because of the look on her face.  My dish was a bit salty for my taste.  1 star because the place was too dark for the lunch hour (what are you hiding???) and there was a leak on the floor coming from the bar area...AND I don't like to see my girlfriend frown when she eats...next...
5	Great authentic Mexican Food I went for lunch and the food and service was great. William the owner came by to see how our meal was we had 7 mares soup and the best Camarones ala Diabla (to die for!!!!) don't miss out on this best kept secret which won the RJ's Best Lunch under $10!!
3	I am not overly impressed by La Cabana.  I ordered a lunch special consisting of a shredded beef soft shelled taco, two pork tamales, rice and beans.  The taco had good enough flavor but the shell was soggy from sitting in a foam box and basically steaming in its own juices.  The tamales had the right meat to masa ratio but was a bit bland.  The red sauce was almost paste-y.  Some more spice and some more salt would have been a nice touch.  The rice, on the other hand, had too much salt for my liking.  I almost always eat all of my rice from a Mexican restaurant.  Not today.  And the refried beans I don't think were cooked all the way through.  I found a couple of crunchy beans and so I did not finish them.  If there is a silver lining to that gassy cloud it is that the beans were almost obviously homemade.  I don't know the last time I found crunchy beans in a can.  At $10 for this meal, I am disappointed. I don't know that I will be back.  But at least I gave La Cabana a try.  It was a welcome change to the limited fast food I have grown so tired of.
4	I work nearby and didn't even know this place existed until a co-worker pointed it out to me yesterday and asked if I had been there. I'm glad he did because this place is a pretty nice lunch spot. Service is fast here and were continuously receiving refills on water, chips and salsa during our meal. I wasn't sure what to get and opted for a supreme carnitas burrito w/ green sauce. It was a ton larger than what I was expecting and was very filling, as they were generous with the meat, beans and rice inside the burrito. The carnitas pork was chopped and moist, which I liked...some places do carnitas shredded or fried, which I don't like as much. Will definitely be keeping this place in mind in the future when going out to lunch near the office.
3	It's a bit deceiving when you see the misspelled banner on the building, but the food is decent. Upon sitting, we were immediately served with chips and salsa. It wasn't bad, but I've had better. The fajitas were mighty tasty. I didn't even try the beans, but the rice was mediocre. Worth going back but not going out of my way....
3	Given the location, you might not expect much, but will be pleasantly surprised upon entry. The atmosphere puts off a real authentic vibe. The food is decent and the prices are in line with similiar establishments. I chose the beef chimichanga from the list of lunch specials. If I remember correctly, the price was $6.95 plus a beverage. The lunch specials are offered with rice and beans. I opted for all beans and no rice. I think all the waitress heard was "no rice." I received it as ordered. No rice and No extra beans. Next time I'll order "no arroz. doble frijoles."  The chimichanga was actually quite tasty, but not very large. The service was fast and friendly enough, complete with plenty of chips and salsa. The salsa was great, however, the chips were cold. Good, but cold. This wasn't some place I would drive out of the way for, but would visit again. Overall, it was ok. Nothing to prompt an extra star, but also nothing to be too disappointed about either.
4	Best tortilla soup I've ever had. I now try to go weekly. Staff are friendly and remember returning customers. Carry out and online orders are also accepted. But delivery can be slow.
5	Just a small hole in the wall place but it was delicious and the service was also great! Will return!
1	I'm keeping this short, due to the fact that  all I had was a carne asada burrito.-rice was ok, pretty bland-beans were good, just salty-carne asada was good, also salty. I would have ordered again from this restaurant since it's close to work, and they deliver until.....I got food poisoning!!! Unfortunately I still haven't fully recovered and feel nauseous everytime I eat something. I wish I could give negative stars, instead I'll NEVER eat here again, and would urge the same to anyone reading unless you'd like to lose 5-10 lbs in a week.
4	Love this place.  On the cheaper end, very good food.  Sometimes it takes a while, but it is worth it.
