4	I accidental stumbled upon this place while completely dehydrated on 5th Ave.   The only sign indicating Bodega's existence, was this 3ft chalkboard  placard stating, "Fresh Lemonade for a $1."  So, I rolled in and figured out this place was like a mini farmer's market, with locally grown multicolored carrots, vacuumed chicken and fresh artisan bread.  It also had several varieties of beans,  local citrus and some crafts.  I got a lemonade and a donut plus its fried center.  The donut was semi old fashion, not greasy and magically still crunchy.  The lemonade had quite the zing even with honey and a nice balance to moderately sweat donut.  Quick note, the key is to violently stir your lemonade.  If you don't know what to order, the staff was exceptionally friendly and happy to educate you on their goods.  Apparently, the shop is the love child of the FND chef.  Her goal was to provide the public with the same quality ingredients she uses at her restaurant.   I suspect she hopes you will  wine and dine at Baratin and walk out of Bodega with armful of meats and veggies for dinner.   If you're not in the mood  for home cooking, Bodega is still the perfect place for a simple satisfying snack while walking 5th Avenue or a hiding spot as your significant other peruses about.
5	Simply the best Freakin Good Salad Ever!  Love these guys.  Not only is the food fresh and in season, but its unique too.  I even bought a goose egg to take home and scramble for my kids to freak them out!  It did too.  Great service, attitude, atmosphere and food!
4	With plenty of studying beneath my belt as lunchtime approached I next decided to hop across the street to check out Baratin, but with the daily menu not terribly inspiring aside from the dessert I instead popped next door to Bodega to see what local produce and meats were in - and apparently to buy a brioche donut (complete with the hole) and a brownie with dates and pecans plus a bag of FnB blend coffee from The Roastery of Cave Creek.  A small store but with a well culled selection of local cheeses and butters, immaculate organic vegetables and various salads, plus proteins like Jidori Chicken and Berkshire Pork from Tender Belly Farms I'll definitely have to make a return shopping visit in the future.Moving on to the items I selected, beginning first with the donut I have to say I expected better - sure the brioche was buttery and surprisingly light, but perhaps due to the time of day or maybe because the donuts were stored on an air-exposed rack the overall consistency was simply too dry.  Nicely flavored with what seemed to be vanilla tinged cinnamon sugar perhaps I just got a bad selection, particularly as the hole was much better.  Waiting for a while to tackle the brownie (after lunch, to be exact,) it would prove to be far more successful than the donut and having the option to select a corner piece I was particularly impressed by the heft of the cocoa notes and how the use of fruit helped to sweeten the brownie without making it overly sweet.  Clearly the result of quality ingredients and rustic as can be I will say that if you can resist temptation long enough to get it home a quick second in the microwave to enjoy it warm really helps as the melting pockets of chocolate juxtaposed against date, nut, and cake were lovely.
4	My husband has a bit of an obsession with Bodega.  He visits at least once a week to pick up gourmet-to-go food for our house as well as things like bacon, steak, fruits, veggies, butter, cheese, eggs, and fresh bread.  I finally went with him on one of his visits this weekend, and now I see firsthand why he's such a fan.  First of all, the employees are extremely friendly.  And while it's small space-wise, the selection at this little market is quite impressive and everything is fresh, high-quality, and locally-sourced.  During our visit together, we took home a variety of groceries including some fresh peaches and apples, peppers, steak, grain and veggie salad, Charleen's delicious granola, and a pretzel bread roll that was amazingly paired with a tangy mustard.I peaked in at Baratin while we were there, and I love the cozy space they've got as well (both indoor and outdoor seating).  I actually tried to order a butterscotch pudding to-go from them, but they wouldn't sell it to-go.  Bummer!  I guess I'll just have to return and eat-in next visit!
4	tucked back in the courtyard next to FnB, this small market carries quite a few selections of wines, locally grown produce, bakery and farm-fresh eggs! even turkey eggs! I was impressed! prices were slightly higher than perhaps your average farmers market stand/specialty store, but for a treat now and then, it isn't too much to balk at
5	This is the kind of shop I live and Yelp for. What brought me here was a hope that I could assemble some sort of local gift basket for my boss. What I found in addition to that was an amazing source of local staples I could at a very practical level come here for regularly. Eggs? Jerusalem Artichokes? Queen Creek olive oil in bulk?! Check! The price is a little higher than your average market, but to think that the moola is circulating back to Arizona businesses and growers is encouraging. Not only are the goods impressive and delicious, but I love how ready they are to chat about wine, chocolate, their farmers, etc. I always want to pull up a chair, order a glass of wine from next door and act like I work there. The focus on Arizona wines has turned this skeptic into a believer by the way. I haven't tried their ready-made snacks or dishes, but they all look amazing (I still have my eyes on that egg salad). I can't wait until I run out of olive oil to return and find more goodies.
