3	Secret Chocolatier Ballantyne location is in the old Think Chocolate space!  Nice looking!  If you like the Original Secret Chocolatier you will Love this Place!  Chocolates taste just like the other location, so you can be assured they are consistent in flavor! Tables to sit and enjoy!  Tables and Chairs Inside and Outside!  More Convenient Parking too!Hot Chocolate like Hot Sipping Chocolate Truffle!  This is what I enjoyed the most about this place!  The flavor of this Hot Chocolate I'm only giving 3 yelp stars though only because I'm comparing them to the Best Chocolates and Hot Chocolate I have eaten in Charlotte, Asheville and Raleigh!  Flavor comparison for this Price Point I'm giving the Chocolate Truffles 2 yelp stars
5	Delicious chocolates, teas and coffees in a warm and friendly environment!  I had a pink grapefruit dark chocolate truffle and blueberry roooibus tea and got dark chocolate truffles for my kids.  All were smooth, creamy, and very memorable.  Next time I plan to go with a friend and relax with coffee and chocolate at one of the tables.
5	I took my mother to a special "dinner" event here as her Mother's Day present. We were served an amazing 3-courses of chocolate that will be remembered for a long time. Excellent! The food was great, the service was excellent, and most importantly, mom was a very happy camper!
5	Delicious and beautiful handmade chocolates that are unique. Friendly and courteous staff---love the local entrepreneur vibe and also the coffees are delish!
5	What a great local shop! Support local small business and get delectable treats at the same time. Whether dessert after dinner or gifts for others this place offers a near selection of confections. I like that they add a variety of things to the truffles and bark like cardamom. I didn't try the cinnamon roll truffle but I will be back for that in short order.
5	A few days after the Yelp event, I had no choice but to return to the Secret and get some more goodies. It's not cheap but it IS great. I got some toffee candies and some dark chocolate cherry bark and a small box of truffles. Really top notch chocolate treats!#YelpShopsCLT!
5	After my Yelp event, I came back to get their Chocolate Roses for a lady I WAS seeing. Well she decided to move on, SOOOOO, I'm giving these gorgeous Chocolate roses to my other female friends. HER loss! I've attached a couple pics of them. Aren't they gorgeous? They SMELL amazing! Not cheap at $15.00 a clip but they are pure ARTWORK! To me they are totally worth it!!!All their hand-made chocolates (truffles and bon bons) are tremendously delicious! They have 2 locations: one in Cotswold and the other in Ballentyne. Doesn't matter which one you go to, you will find incredible HOME MADE chocolates by a "Mom and Pops" operation. My fellow Charlotte friends - IF you love Chocolates, PLEASE go to the Secret Chocolatier!
5	I believe I posted a very thorough review of this wonderful "Mom and Pops" business for the related Yelp Elite Event. But, I have since gone back and had them make me a gorgeous set of 3 Chocolate Flowers for a lady that I WAS seeing (got dumped yet again.....boo hoo hoo). But at the time I was SOOOO excited to get these made because as you can see in my picture, these came out absolutely gorgeous! There is an incredible amount of craftmanship that goes into these pieces of art, so that's why they cost $15/each, and let me tell you that they are SO worth it! They can make them ANY color you want.....so you guys out there. IF you want to do something special for a SPECIAL lady, get some Chocolate roses made here or at their new Ballentyne location. And their TRUFFLES and BON BONs. OMG!!! They are incredible! Sure they have your standard hand-made Truffles and Bon Bons, BUT they also have some experimental flavors and unique chocolate combinations that will tickle your taste buds for sure. Like their White Chocolate Cardomom with Orange Zest that is really unique. I believe they won some award for this one.But to me, I just LOVE their dark chocolate Truffles. I'm a chocoholic so I go for the gusto!And everyone in the store is super nice, knowledgeable and patient. They have lots of choices in the shop including other "gourmet" chocolates that are brought in from other high quality suppliers. All in all this is really a fantastic shop that provides you with premium chocolates at reasonable prices given the quality of the product.HIGHLY recommended!
