1	22 minutes. That's how long it took them to get me a double cheeseburger and fries. Re-goddamn-diculous. They weren't busy, and there were 3 guys there working. Me and my 2 friends were the only ones in the store. So I ask, WTF mate?
4	Clean, fast service and polite freindly staff. While waiting for my order (2 minutes), I thought this was one of the nicest b-king around. I can't explain the other reviewer's experience, but it was ironic that I was taking note that this place didn't feel like a typical B-King and then happened to peek at yelp and see the first review.
3	Why do I keep going here?  Burger King is good but their prices suck compared to their competitors.  I do enjoy their burgers more than alot other fast food places but their prices usually make me pass them by.
1	I just moved to Gilbert and have gone to this location a number of times. Why you ask?  Is the only fast drive thru place I can find open within a couple miles of my house.  So just from pure convenience and definitely not on quality of food and even more not on quality service. This is by far the worst Burger King location I've been to. Everytime something is bad. The first few times I've gone there, I would keep getting cold fries and learned to order their satisfries as they would have to make those as they weren't popular. Well that led to BK getting rid of them.  I've gone a couple times to order ice cream and told the machine isn't working.  The staff is never friendly and the wait is always longer than it should be for BK and when they are never busy. I have sat at the speaker for awkward periods of time waitng fir someone to take my order. When I pull up to the window I feel no energy from the employees and their faces express they could care less about the customers or their job. I don't mind waiting as I think I'm getting fresh food,  but never seems to be the case.  Even tried Breakfast once and the biscuits were crunchy and the hashbrowns tasted like they were cooked in old oil and just like the fries weren't hot. Last week I have them one more chance (again out of convenience and being late and I was tired). I pulled up and was very rudely told they weren't serving burgers or fries due to their grill catching on fire. I get stuff happens, but why do you have to tell me in such a rude tone and why are you open if there was a fire and can't serve your 2 main items?? As I pulled away I questioned why they couldn't serve fries if the grill caught on fire.  You don't grill fries?? I've given this location way too many chances and I'm done.  I will drive a few more miles and keep hoping more options open up in the neighborhood. I don't put high expectations on the big chain restaurants, so the fact I'm taking the time to write this review on such a place should tell you how bad it is.  Trust me, go to McDonalds a few miles north on Power.  It will be worth the extra time as you will just be waiting the same time for cold food and cold service.
1	Horrible service, employees seem to care less for the costumer! My food was horrible, the meat was dry and burned in the corners, today I realized why I haven't been in a bk in years! I'm never going back!!
