1	A lengthy wait at nearby Bandera forced us to look elsewhere one night in January --- a rotten, regrettable idea in most any instance. By the time you find the new place to eat, generally speaking, you would have been through appetizers at the first place. What's the hurry, anyway? Well, on this particular night, I was in a hurry (for whatever reason).Bada Boom Pasta Room had always seemed like a nice little place. They had a generous sidewalk patio, nice decor and, for the most part, agreeable music. Like the old saying goes, 'don't judge a book by its cover.' I'll let my single star do most of the talking. Just know that we didn't have a very pleasant evening and will never return.If you must know, the service was terrible (inattentive, incorrect, unhelpful, uncaring), the food was lousy (boring, delayed, expensive) and the atmosphere went in the toilet with a poor placement at an extremely small and cramped table. Perhaps the wintertime tourists and single-visit locals can keep them afloat.
4	I've been to the Bada Boom Pasta Room a few times. I had low expectations given the location and the kitschy name. But to my surprise the food was really pretty good.The asparagus appetizer is not to be missed. Neither is their tiramisu. They serve up a great cup of coffee as well. The previous reviewer is right - the service is so-so. They didn't foul up anything big but neither were they impressive.
4	The most recent creation from the owners of Dos Gringos and Sugar Daddy's is Bada Boom Pasta Room, a fun little family joint in Old Town Scottsdale. They almost go overboard with the mafioso theme, but in a witty way, for the most part. I prefer eating lunches here, especially in the non-summer months when it is the most bearable to sit outside on the patio. There are some really smokin deals on half salads with half pastas but only during the day. The service is hit or miss, but for the most part I have been content with my meals and service here. Specifically, I recommend the Mr. Pink's Pasta in Vodka Sauce with add-in chicken. The sauce and pasta are basic but very tasty.
2	the food is eh and the service was horrible!  i was there over the weekend for a party where the couple had rented out the back room and the service was completely unacceptable.  won't go there ever again if i'm in town.it's such an awesome space with so much character...too bad the staff that is supposed represent it sucks.
5	Two words: Delicious Delicious. This is the perfecto Sunday brunch spot. I haven't been any other time, so this is from whence my rating comes. I've had the French Dip, Chicken Salad and triple meat pizza. All three were scrumptious. Not at all once, mind you. Sit outside, if you can. Dine slowly, enjoying the day. Watch the trolley past by. Look around - it doesn't look like Phoenix. On Sundays, it's almost a ghost town in that part of Scottsdale. Even better. If you feel like walking, go for it. There are plenty of shops in the area (including this amazing tea store) to venture to. I love taking all my visitors to this place. Not only do they get to glimpse Old Town, but they also get to drink Sangria or Mimosas while having an utterly satisfying brunch.
4	I was anxious to try Bada Boom after my boyfriends parents told me about it and all the mixed reviews here on Yelp. First of all I love the location of this place. It's in a very calm and charming section of Downtown Scottsdale and was also easy to find. I get lost a lot so if I can find it without getting lost that's big. I had no problem with the service in fact our waiter stayed on top of all of our drinks the whole time, not an easy task for six people, and was very accommodating and friendly. I thought the food was good, but I wasn't that impressed by it either. My friend Aimee and I split the Lasagna which wasn't very big, but it was good. I liked how they used a tomato based sauce rather than dripping it in Marinara. I hate that! Italians only use a little sauce on their pasta, and I agree with them on that! It was also chocked full of  cheese mmmm! Everyone else we were with enjoyed their food, and the pasta dishes were huge so that would have been a better option for splitting in the future. We will definitely come back for brunch, and I will keep it in mind next time someone suggests Italian!
3	Food's ok...but the sangria is amazing! Love to go there in the afternoon with some girlfriends (happy hour) sit on the patio and drink pitchers of sangria while watching the people stroll by.
2	Dined October 25, 2007 with friends form the UKI have been anxious to try this Italian eatery since moving to Arizona...Well I must say it wasn't worth going...The restaurant was adorable and it was very busy, however, the food was less then desirable.  We had the calamari fra diavolo as a starter which was tasteful but lacked calamari.  The dish had a lot of tomato, escarole  and garlic but there was a very small portion on calamari.  For dinner I had a favorite of mine, Mr. Pink's Pasta..aka Vodka Rigatoni.  This dish lacked flavor, plain and simple.  I would not get this dish again.  We  decided against dessert after finishing a bottle of Jim Berry "Lodgehill" Shiraz and walked down to the Gelato Spot to complete the Italian evening.I would only go back to Bada Boom Pasta Room to enjoy there outdoor patio with a cocktail.
4	Went here with about 10 people for lunch during a business trip to Scottsdale.  It's in a great location, near a lot of interesting shops.  It reminds me of Melrose street in LA, but newer and a little less indie.Items had:Mozzarella en Corozze Appetizer - Good, interesting.  I would characterize it as "A King's Grilled Cheese Sandwich".  Good stuff.  Probably really bad for me.Shrimp Ravioli Appetizer - Delicious.  The pink sauce was excellent and the ravioli itself was also good with a decent taste of shrimpPenne Bolognese - Excellent meat sauce.Our waitress Jennifer was extremely friendly.  Our service was really great. I would recommend going here for lunch and then cruising around to the shops in the area.
3	So, by name alone this place sounds like it could be really good, and I kind of wanted it to be good.....But, alas, it wasn't.  Good location, old town Scottsdale, and neat atmosphere.  The part that rang cheesy would have to be the posed "mafia" photos...From afar they looked authentic, but upon closer inspection they looked like friends, silent partners, and generally Italian-looking guys.  The service was decent and the menu short and to the point, not a novella like the menu at the Cheesecake Factory.  I ordered the penne bolognese and it was flavored well, but watered down.  My wife's Mr. Pink Pasta was alright and the apps were nothing to write home about...All in all, in the words of some other Yelpers, I give this place a big "meh".
3	Great location. Great atmosphere.Mediocre (at best) food. Someone please let me know if they ever start serving decent food because I really like everything else about this place.
4	Wow, I am surprised at the last review.  I have found the food at Bada Boom Pasta Room to be excellent every time I have been there.  I am in love with Mr. Pink's Pasta. It has a delightful vodka sauce, and you can also add proscuitto wrapped shrimp as well. They have a fantastic martini selection a well, and the decor it hip and fun.  Did anyone say red velvet walls?  Great place!
4	Ok, my review is for their lunch only because I used to go there quite a bit for their lunch specials. Its ideal if you want to get good food for a good price on your lunch break. Their Mr. Pinks pasta and salad combo is just the right amount for lunch. The wedge salad is great if you are looking for something on the lighter side. Sitting inside or outside is great and you will probably hear a little Frank Sinatra before heading back to work. The staff is very nice, friendly, and quick!
4	Although Bada Boom highlight's it pasta room, it should definitely be included in the top pizza places in the Phoenix area.  It's outdoor patio is very charming and the service was good.  As an added bonus my friends and I  had no wait on a Saturday around seven..
4	Carin and I decided to go out for a bite on Friday evening and we just started walking through downtown Scottsdale, trying to decide.Bada Boom wasn't crowded and we were able to sit right down.The service was prompt and attentive, and it was just right way to settle into a weekend frame of mind.Our server was very sweet and chatty and the owner came by to say "hello" as well.Everything was relaxed and unhurried, although the  food and drink always showed up at exactly the right moment.Carin and I each had a glass of Cab ( I actually thought the house Cab was better than the St. Michelle).We split a Caeser and she had Chicken Parmesan and I had Penne Bolognese, both tasty Italian comfort food.I gave this 4 stars, since I have had better Italian food. But, the ambiance of the patio out front, the friendly staff and great service combined to make it a very pleasant meal and a very pleasant evening.
4	I've been coming here almost every year that I'm back for Spring Training. The food is always good. I know what to expect and it's never bad. I thought the Mr. Pink's was good. I had the eggplant  parm and thought it was different than any other place I've eaten. I enjoyed it. The reason why it didn't get 5 stars and would have gotten 3 was because the waiter was a little talkative with us. He just didn't know when to shut up and walk away. He also failed to notice we didn't have bread at our table. The meal was good and I didn't leave stuffed. The ice tea was excellent.
1	What should I call this review? Can I give this half a star? "Bada Boo!" or "Bada Doom" I went to Bada Boom Pasta Room in Scottsdale Saturday Night to celebrate a friend's birthday with 11 people. All other restaurants were booked in the area that night so this place was the last resort. The organizer of the birthday bash had called earlier in the week to make reservations and was told that there was a comedy event on the patio. "No problem" they said, "we can accommodate you". Half the party was already seated at the table when I and another friend walked in at 8:30. The waiter was there taking drink orders when we walked in. (They were seated at 8:00). Drinks showed up around 9:00. A staff member came and said that our server was overwhelmed and that he was going to take over for us. (It was her third day). Food orders were taken around 9:15. I asked the waiter what the soup of the day was and he said that they were out of pizza. I was going to order pizza. I had to ask him a second time what the soup was. He then finally informed me that there was no soup. Well finally orders were taken from everyone. FIVE rolls were brought out for 11 people. ROLLS at an Italian restaurant?? I was expecting garlic bread. So everyone did not get bread. We asked for more and then we were brought what now looked like 30 rolls 10 minutes later. As we were waiting for our food, I could see the food prep area where a man was preparing dough for pizza! I though they were OUT of pizza. What the heck was that I could see? Food came out around 9:30 . Some people got their food. One person did not have their food prepared as requested. She is allergic to something that she asked be removed from the food. My food was brought to me. The server called it "tricolor tortellini". I recall ordering "tortellini di mari" That was the exact name on the menu. Everyone was eating their food so I went to the restroom. I was hoping that my food would be out when I returned. It did not. We later asked the manager to remove it from the bill along with the other mess ups that night. He argued with me that my food was brought out twice and that I would not take it. Here is my point about my order: If you call it something on the menu then you must call it that same name when you bring out to the customer. Since we asked that my food be removed from the bill the manager left. He never came back. Instead, he was standing out from watching a charity performance on the patio. WTF!! We were left at the table trying to decide if we pay for the bill or ditch. Bada Boo! needs to rethink their ability to accommodate a large charity event and general diners. It appears that they cannot juggle more than 2 balls at one time. A staff member said that it was not good since they were missing a bartender, out of pizza out of soup, and short on staff. I am pretty sure most of the people attending the charity event got EVERYTHING that they needed. Bada Doom! get your act straight on your operating procedures. Oh, and also they menu was very limited and the food was bland. I am NEVER going back there again, even though the manager invited us back for free drinks.
1	No Mercy here. like Kreese said in the Karate Kid "We do not train to be merciful here. Mercy is for the weak"this was the worse dining experience i have ever had the misfortune to be subjected to. I've had superior customer service at a McDonald's. this was a rolling charade of a farce of a bad joke told to you by your creepy uncle.food was horrible, steamed bag servings "cooked" to order. i split a shrimp alfredo with another dinner guest, and the bowls were huge, the serving not so much, the shrimp, previously frozen, the pasta in the alfredo...angelhair. ummm. interesting. the risotto, frozen and reheated most likely in a boiling bag. water was never refilled, at one point the waitress just dropped off a pitcher of water..nice...but for a table of 12 it was too cumbersome to pass it around. we were forced to get up and refill our own glasses. fail.finally we all had eaten our mediocre "Chow" and were ready to leave, half the party wanted to go Scottsdale clubbing and the other half wanted to go back to the valley ho...neither of our groupings were allowed to leave...held captive by the incompetent waitress and the bill. 30 minutes later, everyone is standing around the table wanting nothing more then to escape this prison. 30 minutes after cards given, she returns and hands us 2 pens. ARGH!!!! yes i know it's not fast or easy to run 8 cards. but you were more concerned with running us with the built on gratuity for party's over 8 that you didn't ask if we wanted separate bills upfront. the service was soo bad that the forced gratuity for a large party was painful. what compounds the rage was after we took the time to collect all the credit cards from the guests and write down the amounts they wanted charged to the card, all considering tip, she still added the forced gratuity resulting in a double tip....a tip on service that was plain incompetence. it's outrageous. WE refilled our own glasses, WE collected and prepared a billing list for the waitress...otherwise she took a food order, and eventually brought it back to us. she was not a good host, not attentive, and was scarecly seen.the atmosphere is OK, but nothing nice enough to compensate or remedy the rest of the service. i would re-eat vomit before i step foot in this establishment again.food and atmosphere are not worth the trouble.
2	Over Rated FOOD!!! This place needs a good chef.. I don't plan on dining here again.  Pasta is so cheap but why charge ridiculous amount of money?
4	If I'm a fan of a pasta place, you know it's pretty much awesome. Especially if I'd go there again. The atmosphere is awesome and the whole vibe of the restaurant is very relaxing but in an elegant, royal, sexy way. The gorgeous reds mixed with copper make me swoon. Enter a gorgeous waiter and I might try to live there. Both times I have been at Bada Boom I have had fantastic food. It was prepared well, presented well, and served within a reasonable amount of time. There are always several items on the menu I am dying to try, which says a lot as I don't like tomatoes or red sauce all that much. On one occasion I was there, it was a little rowdy at the bar area, but fortunately the main dining area is completely separated by the courtyard entrance and is not a distraction at all.
