4	I've waited to review Little India for SO long... mostly because I'm not sure exactly what to write to do it justice.First and foremost, this is an Indian grocery store. But, behind all its masalas and rice flakes, Little India has a family-operated snack business going on.Six or seven little tables in the back are there for people to order and eat their chaat, which is basically Indian street food. The first time came here, I expected typical Indian-restaurant fare. Don't. This is completely different. The list you can order from is small snacks, most of which include fried snack pieces, chutneys and yogurt. It's exactly what you will get if you find street snacks on the beaches in India. And it's delicious. It's not healthy, or light, but it's yummy.I have friends from other cities, like Miami, who say they can't find anything like this in their cities. So Phoenix, consider yourself lucky! And go to Little India. Order their samosa chaat (a smooshed samosa with sauces and spices) and a bada pav ( a spicy, spicy "veggie burger" made of potato and spices in between a bun, spread with chutney) and some parathas (handmade Indian 'tortillas,' stuffed with things like radish, or potato or fenugreek). And it's cheap!
5	Take it from a real live Indian who used to live in New Delhi: this is the best, most authentic, just like mom makes it food in phoenix. And the groceries are good too - this is one of the few places in the Valley I can get a Thums Up (if you don't know what that is, you best find out!!).Great selection of namkeen (salty snacks) and decent fresh asian veggie section (kerela, persian cucumbers, daikon, the works). I love going there, pickin up my faves, and having a quick bhel puri. :) Yes, all these things I have mentioned above may not be the mainstream type of thing, but seriously, TRY THEM OUT! You're missing out if you don't!
5	I finally went here for lunch and it was fantastic.I was kind of lost upon entering because it was like a small grocery store, but I did read reviews and have heard from friends of the layout so I expected it, and went to the back of the store where the kitchen was.  There is a board with the daily special.You take a slip and write down what you want to order and then hand it over to the kitchen staff.I had a mango shake that was so gorgeous.  it wasn't super frozen, you can taste some yogurt in it, and it was naturally sweet from the fruit.The samosa came next.  It was served with a tamarind chutney that was just amazing sweet and tart and spicy.  I was pretty much done after the shake and the samosa, but my lunch was yet to come.It was a plate of pilou, pickles, bread, yogurt, and a bowl of yellow lentils.  It was so filling!  the textures of each of the items complemented each other, and the tastes mingled in your mouth so well.  I ordered two more samosas to take away with me!My rec is to go with friends and create your own buffet lunch at your table by ordering a variety of curries, lentils, soups, and breads. Don't forget the mango shake!
4	Met up with Helen Y for something new, Indian street food (Chaat). She has a great knowledge about ethnic foods and what they are so I knew this was going to be great fun! We ordered just about 1 of everything off the menu.. as the plates kept coming and coming it was clear that you could order one preparation of a dish and have the several looking and tasting very very similar. While very tasty many were allot alike. A real disappointment for me was the paratha.. it was extremely greasy and not very flavorful. I'm not sure if perhaps its a regional thing but I'm accustomed to something a bit lighter and slightly flaky. There was this other bread that reminded me of Indian Fry Bread (bhature), was so tasty! I would go back just for that alone!This was another great experience with Helen Y and her amazing taste! Looking forward to going back but not ordering as much now that I know sort of whats what. It's been hours and Im still full!!
5	There is no true Chaat(snacks) house in Phoenix but this is the closest thing. There are a lot of other establishments that are trying to take a cut out of this latest Indian Chaat craze like Tandoor Times and Woodlands but this is as real as it gets until someone moves here and opens a legitimate Chaat house.All of the food is vegetarian. This is the Indian version of tapas with fried vegetarian food. Yes, it's delcisous.  Yes, you wil want to take a nap when you leave. Their samosa chaat, kachori and chole batura are excellent.  The paratha can vary. Sometimes it's perfect and other times it's greasy.  Honestly, I have no complaints about the food. The prices are extremely reasonable. You can eat a full meal for $10.The downside is obvious....it's in a Grocery Store.  There are tables in this family owned Indian grocery store.  They decided to serve chaat one day and put out some plastic tables That's what this is.  Hopefully, they can make enough money to open a full fledged, full time chaat store.
4	My advice to the owners is that they should separate the snackery from the grocery store. South Asians flock here for finger licking chaats (N.B: the word 'chaat' literally means 'lick') and Little India serves up some great tangy blends. The seating is a little cramped and the tables are not always cleaned on time but the food hits the spot in a way that makes you want to come back for more. One important point to note is that none of the items on the menu bring the heat quotient and therefore may also work wonders for foreign taste buds.This is an Indian place that I sincerely wish could market itself better and make a name for itself in the valley's restaurant scene.
5	Absolutely 'The' place to to enjoy 'chaats' ... can not get more authenticated than what you get here... not even in India (overall menu options could be more in any chaat place in India though)... grocery part of it is not bad at all... almost everything I have ever seen here in the store is fresh (unlike some other Indian grocery stores around here) and variety  is awesome... there are some things that you can get only at this place and nowhere else esp if thats related to different festivals/celebrations... items other than chaats like Chole Bhature, parathaas etc. are yum too... and you get Thumbs Up here 12 months a year ! ... ahhhhh....Overall, a very good place for vegetarian Indian food and groceries...
4	Delicious. What do you think of delectable 'chaat' that melts in your mouth? In a way, you're always left unsatisfied after you dig in to these tasty treats, simply because you yearn for more. And yearn I did! I've been frequenting this place for the past two years or so. It is relatively close by to campus, and is definitely on the route to my house, so if it's 100+ degrees and you're experiencing a craving for a flavorful treat, what better place is there other than Little India? Honestly, I haven't had a myriad of foods here. When I like something, I'm quite obstinate, and I stick to it. However, I have tasted bhel puri at five or so other Indian "chaat" places peppered around the valley, and nothing can compare to the bhel puri in Little India! Anyway, instead of yelping about it, I'm going to shut off my laptop, leave campus in an hour or so, and then go to Little India because I'm hungry.
4	YUM! Having grown up in the Middle East in the Sultanate of Oman during my formative years, I grew up eating Indian cuisine and snacks since it was readily available in grocery stores and Indian restaurants throughout the capital, Muscat. Muscat, Oman has an Indian expat population of more than 300K so Indian food in Muscat is like Mexican food is here in Phoenix, it's just part of the culture. Anywho, ever since moving back to Phoenix for college, I've always craved some good samosas and cheap chaat. Little India provides that with their spicy samosas, their delectable chaat, all at low prices. Whenever I have a craving for a samosa, I can't resist the temptation of just buying one, I usually walk out the store with two, three or sometimes 4 samosas to go. Their samosas remind of the ones I used to buy at the Spinney's Supermarket in Muscat. They're  plump filled with potato, peas, carrots, and curry powder or whatever the spice is in it, and it has a kick. Although in Oman you could get chicken, mutton, or veg samosas. But it's cool with me that it's veg, nothing wrong with that! I've only gone for the snacks at Little India and have never gone grocery shopping at the store, so if you're looking for some chaat I recommend you stop by and try it out, it'll be worth your time!
3	I've eaten plenty of Chaat in my life. In India and also here in the US in cities such as Houston, Dallas and now I went here. Its not the best Chaat I have eaten, the Pav Bhaji tasted slightly stale. and so did the puris in the pani puri. I would recommend going on the weekend so that you have the law of turnover on your side since there is more foot traffic in places like these.For the Chaat itself, I would give it 3.5 stars. It was nice and spicy. For the cleanliness, I would give this place only 2 stars. The kitchen itself looked clean but they can do a better job with the floors and the seating area.
4	fabulous food, great price. The ladies who make the food and bring it out are sweet and wonderful people who make me feel like i'm at their house instead of at a restaurant.  If i could change anything it would be the guys at the front- the older gentleman chews tobacco while he's talking to you and sometimes spits, and the younger one- I guess his son- has a serious lack of people skills but i'll put up with both for the goodies that come out of that kitchen- try the vada paav or the gol guppa chaat....yum.
5	Their pani puri is tasty.   I like their mater paneer with bhatura.  The mater paneer is comfort food and the bhatura texture perfect.  Love their mango lassi!I love this place for excellent authentic Indian chaat.  They sure know how to cook.
4	In the mood for a little snack? this is the place. Don't remember what I ordered (my indian friend helped me), but it was good! and also try desserts!!
5	Really nice chaat. We ordered the aloo tikki chaat, and it was perfect! We also ordered the vegetarian lunch: paneer matar, veg pulao, bhatura and pickle, but it was average--very homely and mildly spiced. The combination, however, seemed to make no sense. Also, the menu mentioned yogurt, but we didn't get any. The rice can be eaten with the paneer, but what about the bhatura? I've never seen people eating bhatura with paneer. I think it was supposed to be eaten with the missing yogurt. Little India also stocks groceries..not an exhaustive list, just the usual dry snacks, masalas, and grains. Yes, the seating arrangements could improve, and it would help if the servers didn't look so mournful. But I guess that would add to the price. I'd choose good food over the frills any day! Oh, and yes, the guy at the counter looks like he was forced to sit there. I have NEVER seen him smile in the dozen or so times that I've been to this store.
5	Little Indian store and eatery rolled into one. Hands down the best place to have chaat (tangy snacks) in the valley - this coming from someone of Indian origin. Whether you want to make a meal out of these or just grab bites, there is great veriety to choose from. The lunch and dinner combo (chapati/puri, subji, rice, yogurt/pickle) plates are great deals - reasonable portions for 4.99/5.99. The rice is not the best but the sabjis are good. The meal feels complete and satisfying. And conveient when you can grab a package of sweets or snacks to go!The men at the counter used to be frumpy, but I think the recession and loss of clientele have taught them to smile occasionally.
5	Excellent chaat! Dont go by the looks of the place, the food is one of the best around here. They have been very consistent with the quality of the food which is rare for Indian restaurants in the valley. I have tried almost all the chaat items on the menu and have never been disappointed. The gravies that come along with the combo specials are not that great. Their Vada Paav (Indian burger) deserves a special mention.Definitely try the place for a quick and tasty evening snack.
5	Love this place, we always order soo much stuff that we end up over eating. we just get overwhelmed by the tasty food.This place has a nice feel to it. the ladies working there are very nice and will make you feel welcomed and at home. I was pregnant and I ordered a Badam halwa (wheat and Almonds sauteed with butter) and the Auntie said this is good for your baby too. It was really nice of her to say that. that Halwa is heavenly, they dont make it all the time, but i guess i have had it once or twice it was amazing.I'm originally from new Delhi and know the north Indian Street food... we always order Dahi Bhalla (yogurt with flour balls and chutneys), papdi chaat (crispies with yogurt) and some Vegetable curry and rice.Everything is just amazing, although the grocery variety might not be very good. Their chutneys and Namkeens that are also made by the ladies in the kitchen are for sale in the fridges, we always buy some. those are fresh and very tasty.Talking about Look, you can never judge an Indian Eat out by its looks, Food speaks for itself, that is why 5 stars.There might be many fancy places in many other cities in US, but the taste is what matters.
4	I just visited Little India for the first time! It was great! Initially I thought I was walking into an Indian grocery store, however after seeing the tables in the back and the pictures of food on the walls, I knew I was in the rig place.  I found out that Little India is a vegetarian resturant so, not really knowing what to order I decided to pick a little of everything on the menu to see what I liked.  The modest pricing allowed me to order 9 dishes 2 combo plates and 2 beverages for about $40. Some of my favorites were the Mixed Chatt which was a great combination of strong flavored with a little spiciness.  The Bhindi Masala was an okra dish that went well with the bread served with one of the combos.  The Mango pickle that was on almost every plate was strong and amazingly flavorful, but also quite strong.  I always suggest that people try new things at least once, so give it a shot and see if it works for you.  The lentils with spinach and the Matar Paneer were both very tasty and also went well with the flatbread.  Finally, my favorite was a small dish called Dhokla which was a light and fluffy yellow bread which came with an amazing green dipping sauce; the sweetness of the yellow bread was a great complement to the green dipping sauce.  The only dish that I didn't really care for was the Pani Puri, which was a small hard puffed pastry with a thin dipping sauce that had the taste of raw egg.  If you are a fan of Indian food, a wide array of flavors, and if your low on cash I highly recommend Little India in Tempe (^_^)
4	Best chaat and veg. Indian food in Phoenix for really low prices!  The ordering system is a little weird (you fill out a form and bring it into the kitchen) but you can order over the phone and the food will be ready for you.  I would give them 5 stars but its a messy store and they don't have any meat options for carnivores like me.  Be sure to try their desserts as well!  I recommend bringing an Indian friend along to help with ordering.
3	I cannot recall the number of times I have been here. But, it sure has been a lot. The food here is slightly inconsistent at times, but mostly really good. I wish the owners had thought about expanding the place, as it is too cramped right now. Absolutely love the chole bhature. This is the most authentic chole bhature you can find anywhere in Tempe. The only problem with this establishment is the staff at the counter. I always find them a bit rude and disinterested in customer service.
4	Good Indian chats! I would recommend the Samosa ragda. The prices are reasonable for the food. Not so reasonable for the groceries.The ambiance isn't anything special but they have all the bare minimums to let one sit and eat. The grocery store is part of this eatery and has a decent selection of Indian snacks and other stuff one would expect to find at an indian grocery. The only drawback is the non-availability of fresh Indian vegetables. They do have frozen vegetables though.Oh, and I almost forgot, they sell excellent Samosas that come with mint and tamarind chutneys for just a dollar apiece. The closest competitor I can think of is India Plaza, they sell the same sized Samosas that taste okay for $1.29 but don't offer the mint and tamarind chutneys.
5	It's called "chaat".  Apparently, this means "street food".  Sounds good to me.  The first time I ever heard this term was when I started to look into this restaurant.I found out about this place from looking here at Yelp and seeing the high ratings.  When we walked in, I was asking myself where the restaurant was.  To find it, you go into the back of this little market and there are a few tables and chairs.You order by grabbing a card, ticking off the food you want and giving it to the server.  By looking at the pictures on the wall, the meals don't seem that big.  Seeing them in person after they are served doesn't help either.  But, eating is believing--you get a LOT of delicious food for your money here.  May I recommend the Chole Bhature?  It's spiced chick peas in sauce with two BIG pieces of flat bread to eat it with.  This will fill you up fast for $5.25.No meat here in the dishes.  There's cheese, but all the food here is otherwise veggie.  No matter--you'll enjoy it anyway.  This is another five star review for Little India.  Don't pass this place up.
5	This place is a hidden treasure!  The chaat is delicious and you can't beat the prices!
2	This small shop is tucked in corner of a strip mall. The food is not so great, for a person who hasn't tried chaat, they will like it but it's nothing to be excited for. The samosas were oily and the covering was chewy. The samosa chat lacked some spiciness to it. Same for the kachoris. The place is small and not that easy to see how to order and pay esp. if there are lots of people in the shop already. As one of the reviewer said, the owner chews tobacco while mumbling and always feels like he is inconvinienced while you pay him cause he gets disturbed from watching his TV!
5	NIce fresh food. Excellent puri, chaat, vada paave, gulab jamoon.Again Indian food is all about taste. If you want good ambience go else where.
5	As soon as you walk in the door you read a little piece of paper stuck to the counter that reads " Best Samosas in the USA" and I kid you not, the samosas are THAT good. All the chats are really good. I went there with a friend whom I met after years and between the two of us we ordered 11 items. We binged and hogged like crazy. Really good food.
2	I remember coming here not too long ago with my family. We ordered the usual stuff that we order when we go to any chaat place. Its just plain ol' chaat. To be honest, there is nothing here that will make you have dreams at night or bring you back for more. Its just plain chaat. Even for a city like Phoenix, which overall doesn't have amazing chaat, there is better in town.
3	pretty damn good.
3	It is definitely not the place that serves you the best indian food but there are not many options in Tempe. The samosas are ok, and so is the dhokla. The entrees are fine, and are not expensive. Service-wise it is not gona be the best but it is clean and hygenic. You can browse through a lot of Indian spices while you wait for your food.It is not the place for a romantic dinner, but to grab a bite of quick not-so-spicy Indian food. If you are looking for a sit-down place, try Krishna Cafe in Chandler.PS-  You might have to cut  the older guy on the counter some slack. I guess he love his tobacco more than the customers.
4	Another of those places where I have been umpteen number of times and only now gotten around to writing the review. This is a place you get the most popular street food of India ( yes we have stuff other than curries) . Go in a big group so you can try many things. Everything is good. It's located inside a grocery store and has limited seating so don't expect anything fancy. Just go there for the food.
3	First timers: head to the back and fill out a menu, and hand it to the nice people who are making the food. The lack of signage seems to trip everyone up.This place is hidden in the back of the Indian grocery store. This is actually fairly standard for chaat (i.e. snack) places in the U.S. Some might have more seating, some don't have the grocery store attached, but they all have delicious, mouth-watering food at decent prices.For me, this place is hit-or-miss. Sometimes the bhel-puri is out-of-this-world, and other days it isn't even worth finishing. That's basically what turned me from a repeat customer to I'm-never-going-back. For the quality+quantity of food you get, I can't say that the price is that great, I've had way better food for way cheaper, with just about the same level and speed of service, elsewhere. Sadly, this is about the best you'll find in Tempe (for chaat, I mean).I'll give them props for having decent pani-puri and for showing the 'rents a good time when they were here. Oh yeah, sometimes the owner or the person at the front desk is a real... grouch, to put it nicely. Not really my business (or is it??) but maybe people should learn not to glare as a routine.Oh yeah, and their prices seem to fluctuate based on how much you spend and what you buy. I want to say this is typical of Indian grocery in the U.S. but most places are really nice and don't try to rip you.
4	I grew up in San Jose in an area where there was a decent Indian population (lots of good Indian food spots) and moving out here to AZ I was worried if I was going to find good some Samosas or Chana Batura. Little India is a tiny Indian supermarket in a Plaza with a small kitchen in the back. You check on a list of what you foods you'd like and hand it over to the cook in the back. There are tables and chairs inside the tiny market so you can enjoy the Indian supermarket atmosphere while you're eating. I recommend the Samosas and Chana Batura. Reasonably priced. While I am not an expert on Indian food- all I can say is I left happy and satisfied. Hole-in-the-wall Indian food for the win!
4	I had dinner here Saturday September 1, 2012.  I've had dinner here before but this time I was on my own.I can't tell you what I had (I'm not being a smart ass, I'm serious) but it was good.  We had something that looked like chili beans, another that looked like green peas and another that looked like lentils.  The kitchen staff picked out our food which turned out to be great as all of it was good - it came out delicious, fast, fresh and hot, but don't expect a smile when it gets there.The value is outstanding.  The ambiance is simple and competitive when it comes to getting a seat at a table.  And finally, the service is efficient but not so friendly but it doesn't matter, the food is good and it's affordable.
5	By far the best place for indian chaat in phoenix area. it's no frills deal, food is made to order. 'i've never had a bad experience and make it there at least once a month for past several years.
4	The most amazing chaat I have had in a long time. Go for aloo tikki and samosa chat!
5	Great, flavor, Great Value, Great selection with an interesting format.Go up to the water cooler, grab a cup of water and a sushi style menu and pick out some chatt. Don't forget to look at the specials board or you may have regrests like I did.We had a mixed chatt, which was a little of everything in salty, sour, crunchy, starchy, creamy, spicy flavor firecracker mix. all for $3.49I could not resist the Chole Baturah, fired bread with garbanzo beans in a masala sauce and fresh onion. The bread was soft and crisp with out being greasy. And again the flavors were extremely vibrant. We also had bada paav which is served like a burger, but it is an Indian flavored poto kanish in bread, paleo dieters be ware.This is not the best 1st date place, but a great place to show your local knowledge and adventure as you are sitting in the aisles of a grocery store and may have some one picking out items over you table. Not to worry every one is very friendly.Everything here is vegetarian and it is not hard to even be vegan.
5	The best Chat in Phoenix !! Food is good and cheap ! One negative is the guy in the counter (who chew pan ALWAYS) is not the friendliest personBut food is awesome
4	The dahi papdi chat was nice! I will surely go there again.
5	The food in this place was fantastic. I was cautious after reading some google reviews but the food was home cooked and yummy. I loved the chat too. My parents loved the food too and that's saying a lot given my mom and dad are super foodies from India. Great value for the money too.
4	Awesome samosas and kachoris!! We ordered roti and sabji as well. Chapati and matar paneer was ok not so good. In all great for snacks :)
5	I sort of wandered in the other night.  Wife was out of town and I felt too lazy to cook.  I talked with the a fore-mentioned "Grumpy Guy" and explained that I knew nothing about Indian food.  Although he appeared grumpy at first, I sensed a glimmer in his eye as he directed me through the menu making suggestions.  By the time I left we made a connection.  He's not a handsome 25 year old millennial waiting for his next 'Bollywood" role, but I got a kick out of him.  The ladies in the kitchen were all very polite, and I really enjoyed the food.  I much prefer a small, family-run operation such as this and will go back again.
4	Tasty, cheap, and quick, Little India serves up various dishes and snacks that will please fans of the spicy complex flavors of Indian cuisine. The main component of Little India is a store with various Indian goods and foods, with a refrigerated section selling freshly made sweets. The actual restaurant is in the back, and to order, get an order card from the cashier in the front and check off what you would like. You can pay for your selections with the cashier in the front after receiving your food. I browsed through the menu and decided on one of the specials- bhatura, pickled veggies, rice, and mattar paneer. It was a good portion of each component, with the slightly greasy bhatura flatbread, piquant crisp vegetables, white rice, and richly flavored mattar paneer. The only negative about the mattar paneer was that the peas were overcooked, and thus grey and a bit mushy. They don't hold back on the heat, and for those that like more mild food, you've been warned!Service was pleasant from the front and the back. Prices are very reasonable. The special was $5.99 and I was full after only eating half my meal. I also grabbed a container of gulab jamun ($4.99) from the refrigerated dessert section which contained a lot of the sweet dumplings and was pretty good. Definitely a good option for tasty yet cheap Indian food!
1	Worse sweet (especially ladu) I have ever tasted and the customer service is horrible.. DISAPPONTING
5	So Affordable! This place is delicious and the servings are the perfect size. I let them know I'm vegan and they make sure to not include any dairy or eggs in my meals. They are very accommodating. This is what I imagine to be a very authentic Indian market that serves wonderful food. I have been here many times and am never disappointed! They also claim to have the BEST Samosas in the United States and I have to admit they are pretty good!
3	The only way this place could be more authentic is if they didn't speak English. Picture plastic tables and paper plates in a musty corner of a crowded grocery store smelling of curries and spices. You literally have to walk into the kitchen populated with disgruntled barefoot women cooking at breakneck speeds to hand them your ticket. The food is inexpensive, but delicious. Unfortunately, I wish I knew more about Indian food because there is no explanation as to what any of the menu items are, and the employees raised their eyebrows when I asked. I just asked for the ones that I felt I had a shot at pronouncing. Good choices.If nothing else sells you, know that the place is constantly crowded with Indians. They seem to like it, so it's gotta be authentic.
3	Authentic indian snack foods. The paav bhaji is "2 lightly buttered and grilled paavs served with mass spicedmix vegetable with red curry." The "paavs" are literally buttered hamburger buns. The curry had a strong tomato flavor.The panipuri was yummy but did not provide enough potato,veggies to stuff in the puris.Mango lassi's are delicious! Overall, customer service was not the best. Felt unwelcome from the male owner, but his wife is a sweetheart!
5	Don't let this simple hidden treasure keep you from coming here. This is tucked in a grocery store with authentic spices and cooking for an affordable meal! It's like having street eats! :)You just grab one of the yellow sheets and mark what you want and then leave it in the basket. The staff will take the order while you sit. Sip on some water while waiting. The last time I came here I ordered the Aloo Tikki Chaat. This is vegetarian dish made of the  Tikki (potato patty) made of potatoes, green chili, corn flour, lentils, chili powder and other spices) served with chopped onions, green chutney (spicy sauce), tamarind chutney (sweet sauce) and yogurt.I also ordered Special #1:  rice pulao (mixed veggie rice), bhatura (equivalent to a Mexican tortilla), matar paneer (cheese-like curds) and pickle (pickled veggies that probably the inexperienced palate will not be able to master). These dishes have so many flavors!! Give it a try! :)
3	The food might be good... But I would appreciate if the man at the cash were better mannered with customers... He seems to think he is doing charity by accepting credit cards instead of cash..Go to this place if you don't mind being treated rudely by the owner..
5	Best (authentic) Indian food in Phoenix. That is, unless your Indian grandmother lived in Phoenix as well.
1	Here is a honest review from an Indian Tempe veteran !This review was long overdue but finally its here. I don't know where to start on this place. As one person mentioned below this place is like run down has barely 4 tables with plastic chairs and always dirty tables surrounded by 3 isles of groceries facing kitchen and toilet. No one ever comes to take your order and you have to grab a menu item list and fill what you want and go to the kitchen to hand them what you need and people from the kitchen giving you weird looks as if we are forcing them to cook food for us. I have been to this place when i was the only customer and still took a long time for them to serve. Often the next 3 orders are served before you so that you look stupid waiting there.Regarding food , they serve in paper plates, get your own water in paper cups and food is less quantity and not so tasty. They barely make efforts to cook great food. The paneer mutter has 2 minute cubes of paneer and loads of green peas and the curry is tasteless. Chole bhature is bad too and their so called "veg pulao" is nothing but yellow rice with cumins seeds and not even close to be called a pulao. This is what they serve for 6$. Thinking about snacks their paani puri has 6 old stocked puris and paani(sweet water and green water) which is not so authentic plus they serve samosa potato filling as stuffing which is fooling people who dont know what paani puri is. Their other snacks i did not try but from what my friends ordered were equally bad. Their quantities are bad too. But their samosas are decent not as bad.Their kitchen has the owner wife and other exploited less wage paid women working with whom you have a hard time communicating. i observed they sometimes keep some basic food items like pickles, tomato purees, paneer mutter left over and etc inside refrigerators for use when needed. GREAT serve us stale food.Their grocery store stocks all expired and smelly stuff which is not overpriced than other indian grocery stores. I bought groceries just because they refuse to take credit card below 10$ and they hate AMEX. Once i asked the paan eating owner that the item is expired and instead of being polite he said "you should pick and choose items correctly". I bought some snacks which had a stored smell and the pohas(flatten rice) was not good quality(confirmation from indian parents visiting). The grocery store is a risk as you can end up messing up your stomach.My final advice to people with the intent of going here for lunch/snacks/dinner is good luck to get served mediocre food and some of my indian friends will agree to this. Grocery store definitely there are other places to go ask your fellow indian friends. Also i can't tolerate the owner who always chew paan and talks weird to you.
