5	I love this place.... i drove by it everyday for a year and finall stopped in. its small, the type of place you go late at night (they are open till 3!) or between classes.  a lot of vegetarian things, but also your greek classics.  oh also its super cheap! i seriously ate here everyday for a week.
5	Oliveo is awesome! It used to be located across the street under the name Cyprus Pita Grill, and when they moved they kept most of the same food and added even more. The chicken souvlaki pita, dolmas, and greek fries are my favorites, but everything I've tried is great. They are open until 3am and they deliver, which is great for a college kid such as myself. If you're looking for some great greek food for a good price, definitely try Oliveo!!
5	THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE LATE NIGHT DELIVERY!!!! I was sooo stoked to hear they deliver...until 3am. WOW! They have a late night special for $5- it's a gyro w fries from 11pm until 3am. it was super yummy. There is a $10 minimum delivery and everything is cheap and inexpensive. (just re-reading my review and wondering what the difference between cheap and inexpensive is? hehe) cheap and delicious*** so many late night delivery places are just nasty and blech. this one was super enjoyable.  I love you, oliveo. will you be my bff4l?
5	This place is awesome and the employees are so friendly!  I can't say enough about them and the delicious food.  I am a regular here now along with the others in my office and we LOVE the Gyro and Greek fries!!  YUMMO!!  We love you Oliveo Grill...
5	"Greekalicious" This is the place for your greek lunch! (and it's not just a bunch of college kids either!) My whole office frequents this place - the greek fries are amazing. This isn't a fancy restaurant and you won't be wowwed by the decor, but the food is excellent and the price is awesome. They have lunch and late night specials, but they also often have great coupons through LunchClub or their website ($5 your choice pita, fries and drink). Way better than wasting my money on greasy fast food. The staff is super friendly and if you're a cute girl they're often flirty too. yum yum yum nom nom nom
5	I work not too far from here and the guys I work with go nuts over this place. I can't help but join the fan fair. Its hard not to when everyone you work with is ordering delicious hummus. When you resist you always regret not indulging and have to deal with the tempting Mediterranean smell. This place does great Greek food at reasonable prices AND THEY DELIVER! For 1.50 they will deliver until 3am!!!!!!!!! When I work the late shift we are still ordering! I usually get the dio deal which is two gyro pitas for 7.99. If you order hummus it comes in a huge container and is as much if not less than you would pay at the grocer. Except you don't have to wait in the long self check out lines to not know how to scan your item and have a clerk run up and fix it for you anyway.I used to live on campus and I don't know if this place wasn't around yet or I was just unaware. Either way I was missing out and now you are too.
5	My favorite lunch time destination is Oliveo Grill!You can't go wrong with the lunch special (gyro, fries and a drink).Since I CRAVE the greek fries I upgrade my fries to include the feta and lemon sauce that makes them perfect!The staff is always very friendly and the food is amazing!Thanks Oliveo Grill!
5	Great place with quick service, super late delivery, and vegetarian friendly. The Halloumi goat cheese pita is awesome, so are the greek fries. A great place for carry-out or drunk munchies alike.
4	This place is good for the price you pay... They serve tasty greek / Mediterranean food and are open till 3 am except sundays. They deliver too!!! The chicken breast pita is good, greek fries, and hummus are among my favorites. The pasta dishes are also good, try the pesto sauce...
4	I am totally happy this is in my neighborhood. This is now my go to place for a quick bite as everything I've had has been very tasty and fresh. Of note is the chicken bruschetta sandwich. Misnamed in its way, the pita sandwich is loaded with pesto and veggies, really nice, hearty yet not overly heavy. Next time I'm going to expand my ordering a bit. Very confident they won't disappoint.
5	The perfect combo of tastiness and value.  Grilled lamb were tender & juicy.  High on the I'll be back list
2	It is great that there is a Greek place open 24 hours, but their food is really only mediocre.
2	Sorry bro' this place was just not that great, at least not when I was sober. I had the falafel pita and my friend had a gyro, My falafel was dry, and lacked the great crunch and flavor I have had else where, there as hardly any tahini in the pita (which really was peta) and it could have used a few more options to dress it up. The only condiment they have is a franks red hot style vinegary hot sauce that does not match the food. My friends was just "eh" according to him, His meal came with a side of hummus which I did try. The humus was not the smoothest or the most flavourful it was also "eh I have had better" much better actually.The wall is covered in dollar bills with slogans from the fraternities on near by new row, and that is who I think this place appeals to at 1am after copious amounts of drinking.
5	While in Greece I fell in love with Gyros and Greek food.  When I got back to the US I spent a lot of time looking for places that prepare Greek with a nod towards authenticity. Most of the places around Phoenix are great at preparing flavored cardboard, but suck at preparing Greek food. So, as you can imagine I was thrilled when I finally found Oliveos which uses real Gyro meat cooked in an authentic fashion.  Whenever I'm in Tempe for dinner Oliveos is definitely one of the first places I consider.
5	Ok here's the deal from a college student who has been coming to oliveo since they have been opened and a connoisseur of Mediterranean and greek foods. This is not your typical traditional greek restaurant. It has a classic original greek style that makes every meal there awesome. Here are some of the meals i like to get that may or may not be on the meau but im sure they would be happy to make:Chicken: Ceasar pita or/ Bruschetta pita with friesChicken soulvaki/breast plate greek salad with brown ricePenne pasta half alfredo sauce half pesto sauce (add ckn and gyro)Hummus is excellent but then again everything is great on the menu and is worth a try. Worth the money and worth the wait if you come at lunch hour i give it a 10/10.
3	I remember trying this place a while back. The food was alright but they were renovating at the time so the space was cramped. I'm open to trying this place again because some of the items on the menu stood out but if you're feeling Mediterranean you should get the gyro plate from Haji Baba or the hummus/Greek fries from Phoenicia.
3	They have a lot of different pitas and plates to choose from. If you're a vegetarian they have something for you too. If you've never tried this place I recommend asking the cashier for suggestions before you order.They have a lunch special (11AM to 2PM) and you can get any type of pita with fries and a drink for cheap. If you're trying to eat healthy you can always swap out the fries with a nice salad for a little extra. I've been here a couple times and the place is kept very clean. Although they always run out of paper towels in the bathroom when I'm there.
5	I love Oliveo's falafels and hummus and pita, but my only complaint is that I wish they would expand their salad options. I know salads arn't quite Greek but I love salads. However, their Greek Fries are amazing and the Chicken Bruchetta Pita is yummy also. If calories didnt affect the human body I would probably eat here 4 times a week. I do love that they are open till 3am though! and the guy who works there is super nice.
4	After seeing this place advertised in a New Times email I convinced my coworker to check it out with me for lunch today. The article on the New Times website said to mention the email and you would get a lunch special including pita, fries, and a drink for 4.99. What a deal! However, when I ordered and asked for the special, the girl at the register didn't know what I was talking about. She was going to ask the owner if the special was valid but he wasn't around. So she gave me the special for 5.99 rather than 6.44. If you want to use the New Times special, be sure to print the email and bring it with you! The food was better than average but not great. The gyro meat was flavorful and moist but there weren't heaping portions of meat. The fries were good and had the right amount of seasoning but seemed like they had been sitting out for a while. My coworker had the halloumi pita and loved the goat cheese. She tried the shieftalia and said it was good but she's had better at other Greek restaurants in the area. I would definitely try this place again but next time I'll remember to print out the coupon!
3	Oliveo was formally Cyprus Pita Grill, the owners relocated directly across the street under a different name. I would strongly suggest the Chicken breast plate, it comes with Rice, your choice of Greek or Ceasar salad, pita bread and tzatziki sauce to dip for $8.99. The main thing that attracts me to Oliveo is that they deliver until 3:30 am!
4	Good value and friendly service.  All you can really ask for at this price point in a joint that resembles a Subway on the inside (minus the overwhelming wall paper).  Owner (or who I presumed to be the owner) was very nice and called me out for what I was...clearly not a student in a student heavy joint.  Guess ASU is teaching the kids something - like where to get decent grub at a decent price.
5	Great food at a great price, best Greek restaurant in tempe!
4	One of the best places in Tempe to get a late-night snack that isn't horrible for you.  I'm guilty of not always (or even usually) going with the most healthy options, but the sheiftalia platter has got to be better for me than a burger and fries, right?  Their tzaziki is bomb, the sheiftalia is delicious and tender and juicy and coated in just the right amount of lemon-y-ness, and their pitas are thick and soft, the way they should be.  They're open 'til 3:30 AM, and they deliver.  If you love good food and like to eat at weird hours of the night, do it here.  You won't regret it.
3	My coworkers forced me to go here for lunch with them today... and by forced I mean that they just asked and I said yes.Not bad.  Not good.  Must have been an off day? Or maybe all the five stars are from late night, fuzzy, drunken memories?  I can see myself loving this place after 50 cent beer night at Barney's.   The pita sandwiches were small compared with every other Greek restaurant I've been to.  They tasted fine, but definitely not close to amazing.  My coworker actually called her gyro a tomato sandwich because that was all she got for the first few bites.  She likes her meat and so was highly disappointed by the lack of it.  Ladies, nothing is worse than that, right?
4	Its been said before, but they deliver until 3 AM.  We were not in the state of mind to drive and have been getting a little sick of hungry howies.  It took a solid hour for our food to arrive, but that seems pretty normal for late night Tempe. Everyone raved about the food.  It was very good for late night delivery.  The chicken bruchetta pita was excellent although a little small.  I recommend 2 pitas for anyone with any kind of appetite.  You might not get through both, but the one was just a little too small to satisfy.  My only complaint, and the reason for 4 starts instead of 5 was the traditional hummus.  I didnt not think it was very good at all.  Many places in Tempe have much better.
4	They deliver and are open very late! Great prices and delicious food! I enjoyed the lamb pita, veggie burger, and chipotle hummus. I will order again!
4	Cheap, open late, and quite tasty.  Need I say more? : )
3	Unfortunately, I can't say anything very interesting about this place.  It really is just "A-Ok."  However, I do think the price point is a bit too high for what you get.  All things considered, I would rather trek over to the Phoenicia Cafe.  Although, I have found Phoenicia to be inconsistent with the quality of their food, when it is good, it is better than Oliveo and you get more bang for your buck.
3	I live close enough to Oliveo for it to be embarrassing to even consider calling for delivery and would travel miles to get a good gyro, and yet I have only been to Oliveo a few times. Why? The oomph just isn't there. While the pita and vegetables are fresh, the meat is just passable without the intensity of savory spices that should come standard. Moreover, as a person who once started a Hummus Fanciers club with my sister, I won't often be coming through the door of a place serving just average hummus.Oliveo's late night hours and great prices will keep me coming back but only when I don't have the time or the will to go one block south to Haji Baba, Tasty Kabab or Cafe Istanbul, all better options.
4	Pita on a budget! hahah so don't expect more elaborated gyros! I tried the lamb one and taste was good, plus at ASU you can find a deal card, so fries and beverage was included in the final price. Place is ok, but not sure if I would really like to sit there, while hearing meaningless college conversations.
1	I don't know what kind of crack these reviewers must be on but let me have some. This place is so awful I came straight home just so I could yelp about it, and not in a good way. I like that it's open really late but it's like we said on the ride home, "Hey now we know where to come and eat really crappy food late at night." We stumbled onto this place because Pete's was closed by the time we got down here. My falafel was dry and crumbly and the pita was like something you get out of a bag at the store. The Greek fries were a joke, cold and soggy with not very flavorful Parmesan cheese on it. My partners Lamb Souvlaki plate came with rice that was entirely  void of flavor and didn't look that good to begin with. The waiter brought the wrong order to the table and I saw other people getting up to see where their order was. Do yourself a favor and stay away
2	Food is alright for a late night place. Chicken and gyro meat was a bit on the dry side. The falafels were cleverly-designed, elongated chickpea logs. This makes them easier to eat and more whimsical than traditional falafels. The service was polite and friendly. My primary complaint is the clientele. For dine in 2 stars, carry out 3.
5	I always see this place when I come to Delhi Palace Cuisine of India here in the same little strip mall.  Now I ran across a 50% off coupon (!!) on the Web, so how could I not try it?  (Their prices are very reasonable to begin with!)Ok, so for this first visit, I ordered a Souvlaki Pita ($5.79) with a side of Greek Salad ($1.99) from the hot little....  ur, I mean friendly young lady at the counter.     :-))     Soon after getting situated at a table in this comfortable cafe, my order came out.  The Souvlaki Pita is like a Gyro, but with chunks of tender roast lamb, rather than thin slices of mixed lamb & beef.  Both the salad & the Pita were really, really good, & with the coupon the whole thing was only $3.89!Woohoo!
3	So I just finished eating my first order from the Oliveo Grill. It's a real mixed bag. I ordered from here because A. I've never tried it before and B. It's open late.It gets props for being open so late in a college town where things shut down scary early. And the customer service is great. The gentleman on the phone was very nice and friendly and the deleivery driver was also super nice.I ordered the Lamb suvlaki and the chicken bruschetta pita. The lamb suvlaki pita had only 4 pieces of meat in it and one was all gristle. The tasziki and vegetables were tasty and fresh though. And the meat that was not gristle was tasty. The bruschetta pita was odd tasting. Much too garlic (uncooked garlic) for something that isn't toasted. Both of my pitas were cold (though for these specific two that wasn't too much of a problem.All in all, I probably will order again and give this place one more shot.
3	My basis of comparison for Greek is the quality of the gyro meat, the souvlaki, and the greek fries - and how they measure up to the other establishments that offer the same.So, the quality of the meat is just a-ok.  Nothing to write home about, nothing to complain about.  The lamb souvlaki was a great disappointment, as the skewered meat was very dry and likened the taste of a large slab of beef that has been simmering in a slow cooker for weeks.  However, the accompanying tzaziki and pesto-esque sauces helped to revive the otherise cadaverous meat.  The gyro, and I have to assume that the meat was the usual combination of lamb and beef, was easy on the palate, just the right mixture of meat and salad, doused in tzaziki, and wedged in a pita - but meat was also dry and lackluster.Now to the fries, the sweetest after hours indulgence when you have been swilling beers and shots all night.  This heaping plate of thin and crispy pommes frites is loaded with copious amounts of feta, lemon, and olive oil.  It's missing two key ingredients which "My Big Fat Greek" delivers: fresh garlic and herbs!Well, this is not a fresh kind of place at all.  It is like most Yelpers have attested.  The kind of place that is amazing at 3a when you can't even think straight, much less discern what is good and bad with not only your taste buds, but also your judgement.Prices are a big hit, and appeal to the college crowd, as the average bite here is $5, and there appear to be rotating specials that get you a complete meal for under $10.Staff looks to be between high school and college age.  Not overly friendly, not overly impressed with the girl at the register showing her coworkers this cool new App she found on her iphone while we are giving her our order.However, the restaurant is clean and inviting with its photographs of greek architecture, landscape, and people.Overall, when compared to the slew of other greek and mediterranean restaurants in the city - and even down the street - this place surely disappoints and does not "meat" expectations.
3	I went here the other night after a night of drinking at Superbowl party.  This is very close to Mill, and it is indeed a good place that is open until 3 am for drunk people.  I got the chicken on skewers, hummus, and the greek fries.  A few of my friends got the bruschetta chicken with a pesto sauce.  Their food looked really flavorful, and mine was okay.  I had to use hummus and tahini to add some extra flavor.  I do have to saw, the Greek fries are superb.  It is a good size portion of fries with garlic sauce and feta cheese.  I can totally see some people coming late night to munch down on these fries.
3	I've been getting Oliveo delivery for a while now, however I've noticed a change in the past few months. I'm not sure if the place is under new management or what, but the food has become hit or miss. My absolute favorite thing to order from Oliveo was the Halloumi pita (as a matter of fact, after I tried this for the first time I drove all over town looking for Halloumi cheese!!) . The last time I ordered it, it was not so spectacular. I do love this place, but sometimes the food quality is lacking. Some things are consistently good, like the Greek fries or Chicken Bruschetta pita. All in all, I will still continue eating at this place, the people are friendly (although I miss the old man who used to take orders on the phone..what happened to him?!) lol, and I havent had so many bad experiences that I wouldnt go back. Its not my favorite Greek food but its good on a Friday night when I dont want to cook!
4	Great pitas and Greek fries!   They deliver!
4	Prices aren't bad and the lunch special was great.  Decent falafel pita with fries.  You must try the Greek dries as well, smothered in feta!  Yum!
1	It's either a really good or bad thing when I feel I have to turn to Yelp IMMEDIATELY after eating somewhere..... I just ate there like literally 10 minutes ago and I could see how this would appeal to the masses that have given this place a decent rating, however, this place? Typical college town business that skimps on portion size but most college students won't care because they're usual starving college students. But I can name numerous places that serve more on a plate of hummus than this hole in the wall! Their plates are $9.75 a piece and light in weight to say the least. Both the red bell pepper hummus and jalepeno hummus were lacking flavor (and not spicy) and the meat was dry as hell. Rice was undercooked. Baklava was old and soggy and lacking that crunchiness and nuttiness that true baklava is known for. I will not be returning here for a Greek fix. There's no point. No value. No flavor. And definitely not authentic.  If you want Greek, PITA JUNGLE, MEDITERRANEAN GRILL OR FLAMING KABOB is where its at (and cheaper).POST 1 HOUR UPDATE: I just got home and had to yack it all. I am officially sick off of this food.
3	Nothing to write home about. Boyfriend and I stopped by because we had a Groupon for this place. $8 for $20 worth of food. Not bad. Our total came to $23 and change, so I suppose for $11 or so, what we got wasn't bad. We ordered the greek bruschetta appetizer. Not worth almost $5. The pita was good, the pesto was okay, but the tomato mix seemed like diced tomatoes - no extra spices. And the parm on top definitely wasn't fresh. It tasted like it might have come from a big bottle of Kraft. I ordered the chicken bruschetta pita, and Boyfriend got a gyro. We also got a side of greek fries and two drinks. (Noted only because a "combo" supposedly includes a side and a drink, for the same price as a side only. We were charged for both drinks.) The gyro didn't have enough tsatziki, in my opinion. It did have cucumber instead of onion, which I liked. My pita wasn't anything special. I might have liked it more if we hadn't ordered the greek bruschetta as an app. The fries were barely lukewarm. The feta wasn't melted at all. Not impressive. I've had better greek fries at every other greek place I've been to. Overall, I'd probably come back after a night on Mill for some drunk munchies. But I won't be going out of my way to visit again.
3	Totally solid from the standpoint of the food is predictably good, especially the fries, it's open all hours of the night, easy location, only thing that could be improved is the ambience, but then again, maybe that's part of the charm...a little rought around the edges.  Either way, I have no problem going back every so often.
1	DON'T GO FOR THE FALAFELI got a groupon to Oliveo Grill - and I thought it would be a perfect introduction, who wouldn't want to spend $8 for $20 of food?  I ordered the falafel plate.  I was a bit disappointed at the plate as it only included hummus, rice, and falafels.  I don't know why I was, the plate description was pretty much that - but when the plate was first put in front of me, everything was a beige color.  It was boring and visually unappealing.  So when I got to the falafels, man, was I even more disappointed.  I am a bit of a falafel freak - the falafels at Oliveo are like sturdy hard bricks.  The flavor of the falafel was okay, but chewing each bite was an arduous task by itself.Based on the opening hours, the interior and the clientele, I think Oliveo is a better fit for the post-closing time crowd who want something fairly substantial for a little money and that is not my current demographic.
4	I like their salads, haven't yet tried anything else ; )
5	I work nights, I get drunk at night, so I'm mostly hungry at night.  This place is the salvation to me going home and just having a bowl of cereal (despite how bomb cereal is, I just need some variety man.  Get off my back.)  The food is great and the service is quick, but the Greek Fries are like a falling into a k hole while someone rubs coconut oil all over you. (that's a good thing, a very good thing)  If Greek Fries were a woman I'd eat her even after Ragnarok because I would have survived that shit to eat more Greek Fries.  It is a little bro-ish inside but it's Tempe so Fucking deal with it, you wont care once the legal heroin called food kicks in.
2	When I first saw their hours of operation I thought it was a mistake and they meant to write p.m., instead of a.m., but now that I have eaten there twice it makes more sense. When nothing else is open, and you're wasted, I'm sure this place ROCKS!
4	I love Oliveo Grill! I always come for lunch or very late at night. I love that they are open so late- great for students. Despite the usually rowdy crowd that dines after midnight, the employees are always friendly and composed. I always love a good chicken caesar pita and the greek fries are my favorite late night eat. Sign up for the email list!- you get a free pita and they hardly ever send out emails anyway. I've probably gotten three emails in the past 8 months, and one of them was a free birthday pita!
4	Good, fast, reasonably priced, and open late! What more could you ask for?
4	Generous portions for the prices! WARNING: The greek fries are mmmazing! Mozzarella and feta with splash of lime over fries, wow. It's hard to stop eating them. I resisted for a full 5 min before I gave in and started to devour them like I hadn't eaten in weeks. Diet? What diet?
4	We love ordering delivery from Oliveo's when we're feeling a bit lazy. I'm a huge fan of the Greek salads and falafel pita, plus it's great to have a healthier delivery option.
2	I hate to give such a low rating but I can't lie when i say i really have experienced better. This place almost reminds me off knock off fast food type Greek food. They messed up our to go order(first strike), the staff did not even eat their own food( i asked the opinion of one of the employees and he stated i never have/will eat this food) whaaaa??? coulda at least lied, would have sounded better geezz..the food was just mediocre in my opinion... just a good place for convenience late at night and yes the alcohol is probably a good idea since it probably does in fact help the food taste better. meh :/
3	I've been here for lunch twice and Oliveo lives up to its expectations as an inexpensive fast food style pita restaurant that caters to the college crowd.  I've had a greek salad with gyros that was generally flavorful, but just of average quality across the board.  On my second visit, I ordered the portobello mushroom pita with a greek side salad.  The girl behind the counter let me stand there for almost ten minutes while she took a phone order from someone who could not figure out what they wanted and then when she finally did take my order was rude and seemed put out to have to do so, typical of restaurants of this caliber located in the ASU area.   My food arrived on two separate plates which at first seemed puzzling.  After the first bite of my pita, I realized why.  The portobello mushroom was of average quality and had decent flavor as did the pesto that was included, and the wheat pita itself was fresh and of good quality.  What I wasn't expecting, though, was the absolute geyser of liquid that shot out the end of the pita that I bit into and sprayed all over my face.  Similarly, the other end of the pita (the whole thing was wrapped in foil) was gushing liquid as if someone had managed to hide a garden hose somewhere in my pita and had stealthily turned it on as a joke.  By the time I was done eating, I'd gone through an entire stack of napkins and my plate was filled to the point of nearly overflowing with liquid. I could barely manage to carry it to the bus tub where customers are supposed to place their dirty dishes without it dripping onto the floor.  I still can't explain what all that juice was.  I love portobellos and make portobello burgers at home all the time and have never experienced anything remotely like that.  Be forewarned, if you're planning to try that item, I would suggest slipping on your rain poncho first.
5	Tried the Greek Fries, lamb souvlaki and chicken bruchetta.. Everything was good. For next time, I'd probably ask for no Parmesan cheese on the chicken bruchetta so I can enjoy the pesto sauce even more! Definitely recommended!!
4	we had a change of plans that put us right by oliveo's. impressed and left feeling very full. started with the tzezeki (sp) app and greek fries, which were deliciously salty and cruchy. then i had the portobello gyro which was good. my gal had the falafel gyro which was better. service was quick and no-nonsense and the price was oh so nice. my gal is greek and loved their shirts that said "greekalicious". she asked to buy one, but they didn't sell them. so the girl at the front asked her manager and he gave her one from the employee stash! how cool!
4	I'm always a little skeptical about Greek places as my mom is from Greece and I've been several times. I know Greek food and no one is going to make it like mom, right? Right. So having said this, I can still appreciate tasty food-which this was. The tzatziki was a little watery, although had a good flavor and was nicely served with lightly toasted warm pita. The Greek fries were addictive-although real Greek fries have only salt, pepper, oregano and lemon juice, and are hand-cut thick suckers, not thin McDonald style. I had a felafel pita which is not Greek, but more middle-eastern.....I know it's not sounding very authentic is it. It was good though! For what it was it was tasty food and worth going too. Especially late at night I can see digging into a plate of those fries! So henceforth I still give it four stars. Not because of it's "authenticity" but because it was inexpensive, tasty, quick, and when I asked them they sold me one of their t-shirts because I just had to have something that said "greeklicious" on it. Awesome.
5	Come here the other night with friend. I love it. The lamb or gyros is the best!
4	I don't know how long this place has been here but I'm glad I have found it now! They do take out and delivery till 330am which is rad for the bar crowd.I have usually do delivery which is super fast. I've been inside once...its like a sauna in there!They are really well priced. Dont let the ghetto look of the plaza detour you from trying this place out
2	Sorry, but I agree with the lower reviews here.  First the good parts: the gorgeous blond behind the register was a) the order-taker; b) the cashier; c) the server all in one!  She was helpful and thankfully brought out my falafel appetizer well before the entree came out.  The next best thing was the feta on the greek fries.  The fries were hot, crispy, and nicely coated with feta, lemon, and dijon, but the feta was real imported stuff made of sheep's milk (strong and stinky!).  Nice.  Clearly, the food was served fresh with the pitas still warm, the lettuce still crisp, etc.  And the service was fast and easy.Sadly, that's about it.  It's not that it was terrible, but I certainly would not go back and spend further coins.  The Chuck Box is just down the street for cryin' out loud!  I just had a Groupon and thought I would give it a whirl, but the souvlaki was just 4 pieces of grisly lamb chunks, I can make better tsaziki at home, and the "classic gyro" just did NOT meld.Just maybe I had not had enough to drink before coming here.  And I'm a couple decades past the point of being a starving student.  There are better choices to spend a meal.LOL.   A couple of people on here said, "I just had to get home and see what Yelp said about this place...."  That's how I felt!  But based on the overall (highly) positive reviews, it kinda slants my perspective on whether the reviewers can really be trusted.
4	This excellent place came to mind day before yesterday when I tried & reviewed another Greek restaurant.  By today, when I was still pining for these guys' Souvlaki Pita, with it's big chunks of pure lamb, I just had to whip back over here for one!This is a clean, fairly simple cafe that seats 46 & has daily specials as well as great coupons & offers around that can make your meal an amazing value here.  The service is friendly, I bet you'll like whatever you order from their menu, & it will be brought to you by a hot girl on a REAL plate!  ...the food by itself  on the plate that is, unless you're luckier than I am!     :-))Along with my pita, I enjoyed one of their delicious Greek salads, & loved every bite of both!  (Here's a secret!  See those plastic bottles of something next to the soda machine?  That's a tasty hot sauce.  Put a little on your pita & it gives it a great extra zing!)Off-topic note:  See that place two doors to the left, Delhi Palace?  It's good too, & the atmosphere inside is so authentic it's amazing!  I recommend the lunch buffet...  of course!     :-))
4	Love the gyro and jalapeno hummus here is amazing!!!!
2	Starving and lost in Tempe looking for urban Cafe. Stumbled into this strip mall and said FOOD! so I ordered a chix pita on whole wheat with a side of fries and a drink ($8)?? pita was eh. and fries were good. Wouldn't return. Very ASU hangout eatery.
4	good stuff, a tad bit salty.
2	With mountains of biology research in front of me, and the boyfriend busy with his own research paper, we decided to order delivery from here since neither of us was willing to abandon our work to cook for an hour. After repeating our address three separate times during the ordering process, were told that our food would be there in about 35 minutesWell, we waited an hour and a half. They had given the driver the wrong address, and when we finally got our food it was soggy and room temperature. Next time I think we'll take that hour to cook instead.
5	Easily one of my favorite places to eat in tempe, I go here at least once a week if not more.  Good prices for college kids (especially the greek special) and super awesome food.
4	Jolepinos hummus is bumb!
1	I couldn't finish my meal, it was awful. The meat was dry, the sauce was bitter, and the food over all was very oily. I tried the Greek fries, which was a terrible idea. Soggy, cold, and terrible. The feta cheese was even bad, which is pretty difficult to accomplish. I wouldn't recommend this place to my enemies.
4	Good greek food and very friendly staff.  Nothing fancy but good portions.  Greek fries-  mmmmmmmmmmm!
1	RUDE, RUDE, RUDE!!! ONLY GO HERE IF YOU ENJOY BEING SWEARED AT.My review of this place is poor because this is the worst service and quite frankly, the rudest that I've ever been treated. I called to order a delivery dinner on a week night evening (and no, it wasn't super late, it was around 7pm). I spoke to someone who had a snotty attitude towards me, and told me that it would cost me a $5 delivery charge. I asked why, because according to the flyer that I received I was within the delivery area and that it was only $1.50. He refused to answer me until i asked for the third time, and then he told me that it was because they only had one driver. I asked why it would cost me extra to have something delivered when I am in the delivery area just because they only had one driver. His response was (and I quote) "Take it or get the hell off my phone." I was so shocked that all I could do was hang up. I've encountered some dissatisfying service, but I have NEVER been sworn at while trying to GIVE someone my money. I will NEVER eat at this place again, and I also work at ASU and have warned all of my coworkers about this. We tend to eat out a lot around the area to support local business, but NONE of us will EVER go here again.
5	What an AWESOME place to eat if you're craving something Greek or Mediterranean!  They have the best gyros and greek fries you'll find anywhere!  They are conveniently located close to the ASU campus and their prices are very reasonable.  The quality of their food surpasses their reasonable prices as a good reason to try this place.
5	First let me say, I'm a hard sell. I'm from Chicago where you can find great food on every block. Since I've moved here (10 years ago) I've been continuously disappointed and left feeling ripped off for over paying for bad food. I was sceptical when I ordered, but I wanted delivery and didn't want pizza so I gave it a try. I ordered the Chipotle Provalone Cheese Steak. OMG it was so good. I was stuffed after eating half of it and thank the Lord they had cheese wiz for the fries (hard to find in this state). The price was very good, especially considering the quality and portion size. Definately found a new regular spot to eat
4	Love this place! Whenever I'm at ASU and need my quick Greek fix, I stop in here. Love, love, love their stuffed grape leaves/dolmades! Their plate meals are pretty delish too! If you're in Greek life you also get a discount, holla!
4	I'd be happy if pitas were a tad bit cheaper but overall great place to get a bite and they're open late too. The falafel pita is good and their fries are decent. I'll get around to trying more stuff eventually 'cause it is definitely a place to go more than once. Ample seating inside and the person running the cashier has always been friendly and fast about taking orders and giving generally fast service. The only reason I don't go here more often is 'cause Oliveo Pizza has drawn my attention. More of a pizza fan than a pita fan, what can I say?Oh yeah, it has TV and it's close to ASU.
2	This place would get five stars if I were 21 and drunk at 2:30am on a Saturday night.  Unfortunately for OG neither point factors into this review. The food would repulse a real Greek person.  The fries were a saving grace.
4	A good lunch place. Their pitas are good (except the falafel, it's very dry) and I also like the cheesesteaks. The place is clean, the service is fast, and the price is fair. Next time you're out late, keep this place in mind: it's open until 3am and there's a late night gyro special.
2	They left a flyer on my door, so I thought I would give them a try. Not that great at all, I have to wonder if these recipes are even from Greek people. I ordered the tabouleh salad which had no parsley and was nothing but cracked wheat. The pita bread was fresh and they gave us a lot of tzatziki, so that was good. The classic gyro was alright but they do skimp on the meat, and after having George's Gyros off of McKellips, there is no comparison.I'll stay at Pita Jungle for now, like others have said on here, cheap, late night after drinking food, as a maybe, and that's a big maybe at best.
4	Good food, overpriced, relatively consistent. Their gyro's are awesome. Nothing I'd rave about. There are better gyro's for cheaper in Tempe. Only reason I go here on occasion is because they're open late and it's better than Gus's.
5	Been coming here for a while. Better prices and sandwiches than everyone else in the plaza..great late night, fast and friendly service. This last time my fries were cold, the cook had no problem coming out to the counter and fixing it personally. Chipolte cheesesteak with Greek fries for life!
4	When it comes to affordable greek food in a college town environment, Oliveo takes the pita. The lunch combinations are honest in price and will definitely fill you up, they always have a good game on including Soccer which some restaurants never show, and everything is made quick  with a fresh taste. I'm quite fond of the Halloumi Cheese Pita with greek fries, but have heard great things about the buffalo pita as well. Worth checking out if you're in the ara and craving something flavorful.
5	Fantastic, affordable, quick Greek food! Whenever I make it to Tempe, I always crave Oliveos! Love this place!
1	What a disappointment, we ordered delivery the gyro plate with rice and salad for my husband and gyro with greek fries and red pepper hummus for me... All of which bland and cold...how can greek food be bland? I don't  know but oliveos sure found a way..never again.
2	i had a couple beers and my bike was recently stolen, so i needed delivery. i shoud have just walked somewhere. this was not good. the falafel looked like little cat turds and didn't taste much better. the fries were ok, but c'mon, they're fries! if you're going to order, have more beers than i did. it might be better that way. they also charge a delivery fee and ask you to prepay tip.
1	I couldn't tell you how the food is which is unfortunate. I placed an order for carry out on their website that told me it would take an hour. I thought it was strange, but I waited and headed out with 15min to spare. On my way I got a call from the girl working the front desk asking if I was going to be coming to pick up my order. After I explained the time frame I received from the site she then told me it was still on daylight savings. Uh.......So I of course asked if it had been sitting out a long time and if it would be cold and soggy. "Uh, well...let me ask my manager if we can make you a new order". I waited 5min on hold for her to tell me her manager said no, but they strill asked if would I be coming.  To pick up my order she basically just told me was cold and disgusting? They had to be kidding.  I opted out and headed to the best fall back anyone could ask for....buffalo wild wings!
3	Solid three stars.I have ordered lunch from here (take-out) several times. It's a reasonably priced lunch for the area - you're hard-pressed to find a decent $7ish lunch (pita, fries, AND drink) on or around the ASU campus, especially for a filling and balanced vegetarian meal. I really don't ever expect much for takeout, so maybe that sets the bar for Oliveo.I always get the lunch special, which is pita, fries, and drink, and I always upgrade to Greek fries. For me, that's probably what keeps me coming back to Oliveo. These are my perfect vision of Greek fries: thin-cut, lemon tahini sauce, feta, parmesan, and oregano. For pitas, I've had the Portobello, Haloumi, and Falafel pitas, and the only of the three I would not order again is the Falafel. Really not very good - super dry, kind of tasteless... But, doused in hot sauce, it was ok. Go next door to Tsom if you get Falafel; they make it pretty tasty and quick.
4	Pretty good pitas here. Love how they do late night delivery
5	Greek fries bomb.Pitas bomb.Cashier bomb,Best drunk food ever.Also good for lunch.
4	For what it is, this place is awesome. It's tasty, fast, and a super decent price.I'm basing this review off of 4 visits, every time trying something different. I have yet to be disappointed.My boyfriend lives just down the street a bit. We both love this place. It's a staple in our late-night-we're-too-tired-to-cook routine, and it's going to stay there.
5	Came here with a lot of ppl (30+) and enough seats for everyone!! Food was fast and good. Chicken was moist and the Greek fries weren't bad. Overall pretty happy and stuffed right now.
2	Tried scheduling a dinner for a group of people. James the manager said he had another call coming in an hung up on me. With this kind of service I will not bring my group!
5	I really love this place. It's small, it's clean, and it's delicious. The prices are very reasonable and you can find their coupons EVERYWHERE (at least in all of the local coupon books) My favorite is the buffalo chicken pita or the falafel and hummus. Whatever that lemon sauce is, I could eat a bucket of it. It is SO good. Their delivery is always within a reasonable time, and they deliver very late! Love love this place. Actually, I want to go there for lunch right now!
5	Oliveo was my favorite place in college, but I have to say, it has never changed. Greek fries are heaven, and every dish delivers. YUM
1	Do not order to-go from this place. I was told it would take 35-45 minutes for delivery, but after an hour I called to check on my order and was given a "sorry, he just headed out." Another half hour later I had to call and cancel my order because I could not wait anymore. I was out on hold 3 times. Poor service and it sounded as if the employees were clueless on what to do. I got no explanation as to why it took so long. Disappointed.
3	It's a lot better than your regular fast food joint like McDonald's or taco Bell,  that's for sure. If you want good food late at night,  it's a great option.  Delivery had an hour wait late Saturday night though,  but I guess that's to be expected. Had some serious indigestion the next day... Not sure if that was from the Greek fries or the mushroom pita.
2	When got my food delivered to me last time I had a feel of sadness and regret after done eating. I do value my felling so I'm gonna  skip mediocrity and go somewhere else. It's jut not there taste, flavor,  hummos like sand.Oh my god how hard is it to make hummos. They do open late though and that where the xtra star comes inn.
1	This was the worst gyro platter I've had! The only reason to order from here is because they are open until 2am.The gyro platter did NOT come with tomato or onion, the pita portion was 1/2 a pita cut into tiny slivers, we got 1 sauce, and the gyro was luke warm and clearly not off of a spiget (it was the frozen pre-cut kind... eww).I typically order the gyro platter from George's Famous Gyro (Miller and McKellips) and the gyro is hot and fresh and there is enough meat, pita, sauce and sides to feed 3 people - for the same price!Don't bother, this place is for college kids with late night munchies. period.
5	OMGGG the greek fries are to die for! The food and service is wonderful! I live about 40 minutes away and I find myself making the drive a few times a month.
5	They've stepped up their game as far as order times are concerned. Online ordering and menu items make this place a huge seller.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!!!! This brothel is a poor excuse for Greek food. The cooks don't wash their hands (had a friend that worked here) and they don't cook their chicken all the way through. I complained and brought up the pink-centered chicken and the imbecile scrub working at the cash register said it looked fine to him and if I want a new chicken breast I would have to pay. The chicken tastes like gum, please don't do it. Do yourself a favor and go to McDonald's, I am quite confident their ethical standards are higher than this shit hole.
4	Oliveo grill is the reason I didn't starve my freshman year in the dorms. The chicken caesar pita is my favorite. And the greek fries are amazing (get them with extra lemon dressing)!! The hummus is also delicious, I like the red pepper one.I never eat at the restaurant, It's a small simple place. I always get pick up or delivery. Delivery can take a while but it's worth it.
5	To start I must give credit where its due. Oliveo's is somewhat of a pillar of the ASU community. Saying that, it is where tons of asu students have worked over the years, actually first job I held when I moved to town, not the reason I give it 5 stars so don't stop reading yet. The reason I quit was because they had a higher standard of service than I was willing to perform for them, because the money was short, but I wasn't a college kid then as I am now so I can appreciate it. The atmosphere is everything you'd expect from a college kids favorite in the middle of ASU campus, its centrally located, very affordable, open to 3:30 in the am including there delivery, decorated in asu sponsored posters and a massive collage of dollar bills designed by local frat's and sororities. The Good crowd is the most important part that makes this place a stopping ground for many always with waves of asu students coming through the door. This is the type of  place that will be there for many years to come. Try the cheesesteak on a pita if you go its all I've ordered for the past year its the bomb!
1	Pro: Food is good when it's hot. Recommend dining in or pick up ONLY.Cons: Have ordered delivery five times. Three out of five my food has arrived cold and/or late (once it was 30 mins in addition to the 45 mins that was estimated). The female manager is not professional, wish I cared to have remembered her name. Once they offered to replace my order but I had waited so long that I didn't want to wait again. Used a coupon to get a free drink and they forgot my drink. Have spoke to management several times about my issues and have never felt like my issues were resolved. Was told a manager would contact me, they never called. After having three strikes with this company I will NEVER order from them again. Not because their food is bad but because they have TERRIBLE customer service. It's a bummer because I really do enjoy their food when it's fresh and they are only two miles from my home. I much rather drive 15 mins to a competitor than give them my business.
4	I found a coupon on my windshield for a free pita sandwich so I went to the restaurant and got a chicken bruschetta pita and oh man it was so delicious. It was good enough for me to come back again the next night for two more, and I recently brought my family in to try the superb food. Also, the staff are nice and the atmosphere is very mellow. I highly recommend it.
3	I've only had the Philly cheesesteaks and I honestly loved it. I just tryed four fathers and it was better but this is still good!
1	Being from Chicago and also being Greek, this place did not live up to my standards.  Gyro tasted like canned meet.  Their fries were cold and mush.  I will never go back... Nor do I recommend anyone try it.  Yuck!
1	I have been eating at oliveo's for the past 3 years. The quality and taste of the food has been decreasing over time. There are plenty of other places that have better gyros, steak sandwiches, and Greek fries.Delivery is always cold and the food doesn't have flavor. I will never order from here again..
2	Tried this place out for lunch. Ordered the chicken souvlaki plate ($12) and dined in. Within 3 minutes, the guy working the register brings out my food. Wow, that was fast. I barely sat down with my drink. The down side to this? The food was precooked and served cold.I had the original hummus with this and it was amazing! Very flavorful. The chicken even had a great flavor, but it was room temperature, which is just asking for a food born illness. The chicken was also a little dry. The rice was cold and too dry, but it had good flavor. I'm probably not going to eat here again because I don't want to get sick plus cold food is not appetizing when it's supposed to be hot. The second star is for the awesome hummus, I would eat that again.
1	From the service to the food, my entire experience was awful. My friend and I were greeted by 3 employees talking amongst themselves, one turned and asked us if we needed anything, this set the stage for some very awkward and off-putting dialogue while ordering. The food was terrible and the resturant dirty. This is not how Greek food is supposed to be. My falafal was dry, hard, and cold. Hummus was runny and really salty.   I recommend Princess Deli and Market. I am troubled that places like this remain in business. Avoid at all costs
1	This place is beyond mediocre. I've actually been going here for a while (I like one of the plate items because it's somewhat healthy though really isn't that good) and have seen a consistent pattern of not great things. A while back I actually stopped going because 1 out of every 2-3 times there would be something wrong with my order (undercooked chicken, got the order wrong, etc). When I came back, they were a little more consistent, but it doesn't change the fact that the food is flavorless and made with the cheapest ingredients. The cooks don't know how to cook, and as someone mentioned below, often times don't cook the chicken through which is a big no no. The prices for the plates were already ridiculous and just went up! There are plenty of better Greek options in Tempe.
1	Currently I've been waiting for my food for 35 minutes and it's dead. This will definitely be the last time I spend my money here. Take your business elsewhere. The food and service is crap.
2	Super expensive takeout for really dry food. Takeout 2x and always the same problem..Feel like I could buy all ingredients and make it better.
5	I could literally swim in their hummus it is so delicious!!! All the food is home made by the most adorable Greek woman ever, everything is fresh and delicious and it takes almost no time to get your good after you order. I love eating here and it is so close to asu campus that it's hard not to come here once a week!
4	I like the falafel because its tasty and shaped differently than most. The hummus is good as well as the tzatziki but the tzatziki sauce was a little watery in consistency. The pita bread is more like store bought than fresh baked. The dolmades are awesome. The chipotle provolone was not good at all. But the baklava was amazing. Love the late night delivery!
2	With limited delivery options, we were very excited to try this. Sadly the food was very bland and didn't have enough sauce on our pitas. We got Greek salads too and the dressing had no flavor. Would be willing to try again but would ask for additional sauce and a different side then salad.
1	I'm sad to report that this place just lost a customer. I needed a late night dinner, so hit up their website to order online.  Ordering was fairly straight forward, though had no "special instructions" space, so I called them when I was on the way, to ask that they leave cheese and croutons off of my salad. I intentionally ordered regular french fries, because I can't eat cheese. My Classic Gyro Plate was coming out of the kitchen as I arrived. I got home to find my fries smothered in feta and parmesan, NO RICE at all, and a side Caesar salad (I paid an extra $2.69) that consisted of under 3 oz of chopped romaine lettuce (they left the cheese & croutons off that as asked, but what a rip-off).  I had been to this place before, and the food was OK, but this was a very disappointing experience, one I won't repeat. The place is run by college students who don't seem to care about customer service or accuracy, and their prices are higher than they should be. There are 4 other restaurants in the same shopping center, and 2 or 3 others within 200 feet.  Seriously, Munchies Cafe is way better!
1	Horrible service and food. Pita sauce was bland , chicken was dry and lettuce was bitter. There was also no hospitality . The cashier was monotone and not friendly.
5	This was one of my favorite  "go-to" take-out places when living in Tempe. I absolutely love the halloumi cheese pita with extra tzatziki sauce. I also like the greek fries and the greek bruschetta.  Great prices too!
4	I always order a lunch special, usually a chicken gyro and fries with taziki sauce. Everytime I go the food is cooked perfectly and I'm in love with the taziki. Fries are always crispy and season well and the gyro is just filling enough to make me feel like I ate light.Good pricing too.
5	Fantastic find! Maybe a bit pricier than some Greek competitors in the area, but absolutely worth it. -laid back atmosphere-open late-fresh fresh! -try the tabbouleh - best I've ever had!-generous portions
1	We typically order Oliveo's when we are sick of the food around our office on Mill Ave. Today, I ordered the Cyprus salad with chicken. When I picked up my order and got back to my office - no chicken on my salad. When I called, they asked me if I would like to come and pick up a side of chicken after I waited quite a long time to receive my salad. A bad lunch is worsened by bad customer service.
4	I love coming here after the bars. It is open late and their Greek fries are to die for!!! I've been coming here for quite sometime and every time I've been here my food has been fresh and delicious.
4	It has become a tradition among my group of friends to bring the uninitiated down to Oliveo's for a gyro, and I'm not complaining at all. We typically come at lunch and we have a great selection of Greek food to try (I always opt for the falafel though). It's a pretty relaxed spot that I have never seen get very busy, and the wall of decorated dollar bills definitely reminds you that you are in a college town. Recommendation: get the Greek fries. Always. You'll thank me later.
1	I eat Greek food a lot. A LOT. I've eaten at places all across the valley. I had heard good things about Oliveo Grill so I decided to give it a shot tonight. I ordered online and went to pick it up within 20 minutes. Nobody greeted me when I entered, and I was ignored for a couple minutes before someone finally came up front to assist me. Then the girl seemed confused about my order. I would have forgiven that, had the food been good. It was cold. The greek fries were meh. Edible at best. I've had better. My chicken pita was edible, but not much flavor to it. My husband had a cheesesteak sandwich, and said it was the worst he's ever had. I can get twice as much food for around the same price at Mika's Greek. Their food is great, has never been cold, and has amazing flavor. Their staff is also super friendly and attentive. I will not ever return to Oliveo Grill.
3	A-OK describes the gyro to a 'T'. We ordered four of their lunch specials (sandwich, fries, drink for $6.99) and had them delivered. A great deal! Delivery was reasonable. I would recommend this place for a quick lunch.
2	Used to get greek twice a week but recently changed jobs so I tried Olivio's due to the fact they deliver. I ended up paying $18 total. $10.99 for the plate, $2.50 delivery Fee and $.89 tax. So $14 plus $4 tip.For $14 I excpect to be pretty satisfied with a meal. I did not get enough food. The side of rice was about 2 spoonfuls. salad was also about 3 bites. the $14 I paid was not worth it. Food quality was good but I feel ripped off and still hungry. George's Famous Gyros gave me way more good food for about $8. Not going to order again, maybe it will be worth dining in but I'm pretty dissapointed and still hungry so if you have an appetite I'd recommend another spot.
3	I like the plaza because you have good, Indian, Vietnamese, Ethiopean and Thai. Enjoyed all but did not try Greek until today at 1:40 PM. There weren't many diners but all seemed to enjoy their selections. I read the Yelp reviews which are mixed.I really like Greek food. Also enjoy a novel presentation. I had Greek Bruschetta starter and enjoyed  I found the Lamb Souvlaki plate okay but uninteresting.There was no rice with it.The Tabouleh side was the same. Greek salad side was poor. No cucumbers or Tomato. Almost no feta or Greek dressing. Everything quality but boring. A gentleman, possibly owner or manager asked if okay? Even though it was as I was leaving I offer 3 rather than 2*s. With tip came to $18.47
3	Oliveo's is a good place to get decent food, whether it's late night or lunchtime. They are slightly pricey, at least to me, but it is Greek food. I have never gotten a bad dish from them. I've had the chicken souvlaki, gyros and chicken breast plates. All are great, cooked well and have lots of flavor. The bonus is that Oliveo's is open extremely late, so they are usually my go to if I want late night food that isn't McDonald's. I recommend if you want healthy in a college town!
5	Amazing food and I love the college vibe. It's never changed and the food never fails.
