4	This place is fantastic! A far less fussy version of the ridiculously expensive nearby greek spots on Avenue du Parc. Formerly Vegera, this restaurant has been turned over to the next generation and given a new name/feel. Small plates are great for sharing, but your bill will add up quickly. Great for intimate dates and larger groups. I've been here four or five times now and highly recommend the following: *Eggplant and Zucchini Chips    *Grilled mushrooms*Lamb chops (like a delicious meat lollipop)*Oven roasted potatoes*Grilled calamari (nice big plate)*Grilled octopus tentacle*Steak frites*Honey balls (dessert)This place is on the verge of five stars:1) Consistency. The skeleton crew on Sunday needs some work. Food was not nearly as good as other days. The waiter, who was also making drinks, poured me the worst Manhattan I've ever had. Unless you can keep the quality (of food, service, etc.) as high every single day you're open, you should just go dark on the off nights.2) A big plasma over the bar? Seriously? Come on. They will turn it off if you ask, however.3) Menu design itself gives up legibility for cool. Font is ridiculously small. I'd redesign and reprint these. Drinks, wine and full bellies for $50 each after tax and tip.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	This place is now run by the son of the original owners and his casual updates to Vegera's high end, valet'd, heavy curtained vibe are more neighborhood appropriate without losing the kind, family feeling. Haven't spent much time here yet, but agree with Michael's review and look forward to coming back to sample more of the tapas. Drinks aren't overpriced and there's an affordable lunch menu. The staff I've met are sweet, chill and awesome. I had a great time dancing in the fun family atmosphere here at the Melina's Anniversary party and I look forward to the patio in the summer!
5	Ok, let's get focused for a second. The grilled octopus. Think of all the swear words you know, including all the manky ones you've learned in other languages... this is exactly what was going through my head when I ate this. I'm a big fan of grilled octopus so I'm quite discriminating when it comes to eating it. Served with red onions, capers, drizzled with olive oil and peppered with oregano, this dish was so far off the fucking scale delicious, I was ready to punch fellow diners at other tables in the neck and rip the flat screen off the wall. Tender and supple, the octopus was swimming in sex.
4	Armed with a Teambuy coupon, i couldn't wait to try out this place and save.This is probably one of the best meals i've had in a long time.We were expecting tasting size sample tapas, but the portions were huge.We tried a bit of everything, zucchini and eggplant chips, zucchini balls with feta, the Greek salad (amazing, almost as good as Tripoli or Arahova on st-Viateur). Only letdown was the briami, never had it before, its similar to Arabic bamia, which i prefer.For mains, we tried the Grilled Half Chicken, with amazing Greek potatoes ($11).Grilled Salmon ($16) was also on deck, 3 big slabs nicely presented with capers and the aforementioned briami, and the steak. The steak is a story of it's own, at $19 for a rib steak, i was expecting a small thin slice, this was a giant cut, about 16Oz, the side of fries were not good, I would ask for the potatoes.The decor is on the minimalist side, very upscale. The service is very attentive, loved the bread with olive oil and balsamic dressing. With a half a bottle of wine, the total is about $100 before tax and tip.There is a lot of Greek Restaurants along Parc Avenue and in Parc Extension, from the traditional souvlaki  pita joints to the upscale Milos, so I hope there's enough room for Namos.
4	I'm going to keep this short and simple.Food : If you enjoy greek food with simple yet very tasty ingredients, this is the place. I personally love the octopus the most. The menu isn't very long, but it does not need to be as I have yet to take anything i didn't enjoy. It's a great place to share multiple dishes with whomever you are with.My boyfriend and I go there regularly and are never disappointed.Decor : very nice. BATHROOMS ARE VERY CLEAN and actually decorated - there's nothing worse than going to a nice restaurant to only be shocked by a disgusting bathroom. Kudos to NamosService : perfect. They are nice, polite and know their stuff. *THEY HAVE VALET. If you're anything like us - meaning you love the area but hate the parking problems, this is somewhere to go!The only reason i give it 4 stars is because it is rather on the small side and some of the tables are very close to eachother. This is typical for this area however.
1	Just came back from a bad meal at Namos.  Aside from the fact that it took a full 45 minutes to get our main course, the waiter screwed up. For health reasons, I asked for no salt or other spices on my steak. The kitchen ignored my request. I could not eat it. My choice was to give it to my wife or send it back and wait another 45 minutes for my meal  I chose the first and went away unsatisfied and unhappy. That is it for me at Namos.
5	Namos diserves its five stars for everything - food, ambiance and service. The dishes are definetly bigger than tappas size, better to share as to try more  of them, everything is really perfectly prepared, fresh and tasty, which certainly is based on good choice of ingredients. As everybody says the grilled octopus is amazing. The choices of fish and salads in the menu reflect well the Greek cuisine and are so much to my taste. The drinks menu offers some Greek wines and beers too, the must have ouzo is not listed, just ask for it and it will arrive promptly on your table. I just loved the staff, so nice and always smiling, our host was managing with patience and grace our distracted company while trying to figure out what to order.I'm coming back!
