4	So far. So good. I had a 12 appoint mention and they took me in right away. I just went to get a estimate of the damage and to see if I can get a check right away.
5	Car accidents suck!! So when some dumb girl rear ended my beautiful car, I was pissed. After settling with their insurance, it was finally time to get my car fixed. I dropped my car off and Brett walked me through the whole progress. He said they would give me a call once my car was finished. Fast forward a week and it was time to pick up my car. Another employee, Veronica made sure that everything was taken care of and that I was happy with the repairs. The whole process from start to finish was super easy and fast. Kudos!
4	The staff there are friendly. The damage was minor but it took two weeks to get the car repaired because every time we were told it was "ready" it wasn't.  We had color matching issues. Our claims rep, Erin, was great though!
5	Having progressive insurance is by far the best insurance to have first and foremost and having a real cool, caring and productive Agent also helps too. So, due to someone side swipping my car while in a parking lot, I ended up here. This place has Great customer service, the 2 ladies that helped me were very welcoming and informative on what was to come of my car on both visits.  I dropped off my car on 3/18 and finished on 4/1, the due date, also they had a rent a car awaiting my dropoff.The body collision center that fixed my car did a great job on the paint and remodeled of both driver rear panels.
5	I have a different company, but we came here with Babygirl when she had an unfortunate incident involving the back of someone else's car. I had no idea they had their own claim center like this. What a revelation! You make an appointment, bring in your car, and they make all the arrangements for you and even take care of the paperwork. (All this whilst your parents help themselves to the thoughtfully stocked mini fridge and array of tasty packaged snacks). They even smile patiently when your father picks up the life-sized cut out of Flo and stands behind it, singing "Happy Birthday" to you).Then, a few weeks later, when yet another unfortunate mishap befalls you (this time involving a security gate that closed unexpectedly), they trot out and rub out the scratches for you with no paperwork involved! Hallelujah!I haven't had to file a claim since the mid 80's when my car was stolen and damaged, and I still sweat a little just thinking about the knock down, drag out fights I had with AAA to get it settled. Are all insurance companies run like Progressive now? If not, they should be!
1	BEWARE! Nothing less than 1 star? Progressive doesn't even deserve that! Let me express how deeply disgusted I am with Progressive Auto Insurance... They want to hold me accountable for an accident that didn't even occur! Even after I took time out of my day to drive across town so their inspectors could laugh at the lack of damage on my car, even ask ME where the damage was, they still want to say I hit some crazy woman's car and pay her out so they can raise my rates. It's ridiculous how they'll just roll over on their customers like that. Then, to top it off, they won't even supply me with "photographs" or "witness statements" (I'm positive she flipped the guy a $20 because the only other vehicle around at the time was behind me and they didn't even bother to call that person) or any proof! They don't want to talk to me anymore now that they've made their decision. Their claim service is a joke and provides way too much personal information. I was able to find out the claimant's full name, other people's names included in the claim, year, make, and model of the car (which was not the car that I supposedly hit). All of this from some made up claim to get money. Social media has never made it easier to locate people. I just pray they aren't as lax with my information, this woman could come after me for more money! I will be changing insurance companies for sure! I can't believe they let people take advantage of their customers like this. I tell everyone never to use Progressive because you'll pay every month for a ton of hype and when you need them to be in your corner, they'll roll over for an opportunity to raise your rates. DISGUSTING! Stay tuned, I'm sure I'll be posting updates as this fiasco continues to unfold.
1	Finally, on the 16th day of requesting contact, multiple requests made, I finally received a response from my "Claims Representative", refusing to show me the witness statements and photographs of the supposed damage I caused. They won't let me see the pictures but they'll give me the claimant's name, passenger's name, and year/make/model of the car they're claiming was struck. She's supposed to be sending me pictures of the damage to my vehicle, which ought to be interesting as there wasn't any. What does this mean for me? They're going to put this "accident" on my record and raise my rates. The worst service for insurance that I pay religiously for and have never even utilized. It must be great getting to abuse your customers like this and still manage to squeeze more money out of them. Is legal action really necessary? These seems like a cruel, drawn-out  joke!
3	After speaking with my claims representative and then her supervisor, the claim has been reversed, Progressive has decided to side with me after further investigation into this matter. I am elated and would rate my overall experience better if they had backed me up in the first place. I feel that when I pay for a service, on time, for many years, and never need to use it, the one time I need them to support me, they should jump at the opportunity. My advise to anyone in an accident or like my situation, accused of causing an incident, wait for the police! Be persistent that they come to the scene and fill out a report even if nothing really happened. A lot of time and energy could have been saved by waiting for the police. Don't let your insurance company roll-over on you, make them back you up. You pay for this service, use it, they work for you.
5	ok, I have changed my insurance carrier about a 6 months ago and I thought, well what's the big deal, they're all the same, wrong, unfortunately I was involved in 2 incidents since I got the new policy, not my fault but I must say I was impressed with the way it was handled, from the customer service to the appointment to drop off and pick up the car after it was repaired, painless, I didn't have too many providers before but for me at this point I don't know what would make me change to another insurance company. I only have good words to say about the people that handled my claim.
