5	I walk in for a volleyball and I walk out with a few golf clubs, a basketball and tennis balls!  Sports Chalet has everything and anything a sports nut would need and want!  I love walking around the store and seeing what I could possibly play with.  I have made a number of purchases at the Sports Chalet in the past and I continue to go back.  Yes the staff isn't always the most knowledgeable, this could be that most are in high school, but you can get everything!  What I also think is fantastic is that they offer Scuba instruction...and they have there very own pool in the back!
5	It's almost season and looking for the best deals is always fun for me at Sports Chalet!! I shopped for all of my snowboard gear, equipment and accessories!!Here's a great tip: If you rent a snowboard...upon returning the gear you can credit the dollars you paid in rentals toward a new snowbaord purchase!! This saved me about a third of the cost of a new board!!! It may have been a special promotion towards end of the season - but that's when they mark down their inventory too - so you can save even more!!It's great for kids too: You can return anything....even after 3 wears on any of the gear!! They really cant police this policy but its a great marketing effort reaching out to families with kids - we know how quickly they out-grow everything!!! All they ask is that you return everything in one piece.If you join their club - members will received coupons via mail to use towards anything instore!!! YAY more shopping - check out their sale racks too!
3	Sports Chalet seems to have a better selection of gear than the typical Sports Authority when it comes to specialty areas like diving, camping, climbing or hiking gear (except boots). It's worth checking if I need something quickly and don't have time to order on-line or trek out to REI in PV. Prices tend to run to high... especially on some clothing lines. That said, I've seen some good sale/markdown prices on occasion (recently on larger Camelbaks like the Cloudwalker). If you just need the basics, go to the Big 5 sports behind this store near Golds Gym or the Super Walmart up the street... you'll save $$.
2	Stopped by this location to look for some Golf gear and left disappointed.  There isn't a Golf section here!  At the location in Vegas where I shop frequently, there's a large Golf section with plenty of options....not here.  Too bad.Return Factor - 2%
4	Came here to check out some bikes, but end up buying them. Wyatt is very knowledgeable, patient, & friendly. Omar was very helpful & informative as well. They told us everything we needed to know and then some. They both took the time to help up install bike rack, properly place, & secure everything. Overall, excellent customer service. I know you can get cheaper prices elsewhere, but the overall service far outweighs cost.
4	I needed a new pair of hiking shoes and stopped by Sports Authority and Sports Chalet.  The Merrill Moab Ventilators that I like were $84.99 at Sports Authority and "only" $79.99 at Sports Chalet.  Guess which place got my business?I've been in here a few times and like the large selection.  The sales staff is always nice and friendly.  All in all, a pretty good place to shop for sporting goods.
4	The Sport Chalet is a little bit of a playground for me because they have an assortment of gear and clothing for many sports and outdoor activities. Among the areas within the store that I've visited in the past are boxing, basketball, hiking, shoes, workout clothing, swimming, & kayaking. They carry high-quality equipment from well-known brands. The store associates are helpful too without being too pushy. Specifically, they acknowledge your presense; ask you if they can be of assistance and then move along their way. The Sport Chalet also has a free membership rewards plan as well, which is nice to have, but not necessarily the selling point for shopping here. That is, you'd have to purchase a lot to accumulate a certificate for a few bucks off. Although, I probably receive a $10 off certificate at least twice a year just for being a member. Finally, the one aspect about this store and other Sport Chalet locations that sets them apart from other large sports stores such as Sports Authority and Dick's Sporting Goods is the scuba gear and onsite scuba training they offer. You are even offered the opportunity to try it out in their back pool, which I've experienced myself. You just have to fill out a waiver releasing the Sport Chalet from liabilities and acknowledging that you are in good health. Then, you change in your swimming gear and head out to the back to meet the PADI-certified scuba instructor. You don't have to put on much gear. It's just a pair of fins, a buoyancy compensator over your back, oxygen regulator into your mouth, and a mask. You're guided by the instructor as you first swim near the surface and then head deeper into the pool. I did feel really awkward at first, but that's to be expected. As I left the pool and was guided to the front door of the Sport Chalet, the other scuba instructor provided some recommendations on some equipment and indicated they do not receive any commission for the sale of certain products. I totally enjoyed my first scuba experience and recommend at least trying it out at the Sport Chalet. They offer these "try-outs" around the spring and summer.
4	I hit up the Sports Chalet a couple of times this summer. Once was to replace my 3 year old swimming goggles which I was able to use on my latest trip to Honduras and Mexico. I also snagged a high end backpack that accommodated a large screen lap top for my son that went for about $45. Another office supplies type store in the area wanted over $100 for a similar backpack.They have a variety of cool stuff for many sporting activities that I'm going to check out in the near future.
3	Excellent customer service. I go there often to get my snowboard waxed and they are quick and do a good job. The cost is comparable to most other places.
5	The Chalet is the best. They always have what I'm looking for, whether its' GoPro accessories, a new ski jacket or a waterproof bag to take with me snorkeling they have it. Pretty decent rewards program with them as well saved myself $10 bucks today! Great to see a place that carries stock, so nice getting items same and not having to wait for UPS to drop everything off.
5	Just bought a bike! Manager at Sport Chalet handled the special so fast it was AMAZING!!Polite, helpful, over & beyond customer service, prompt follow up!! GO SHOP & BUY AT SPORT CHALET!!!
