4	After a particularly insulting customer service experience across the street at Eyeglass World, where my eye exam was completed, I came to Sears Optical with my Rx in hand. As it happened, it was around 7 p.m. and it looked like they were closing up (there were already dividers blocking off the waiting area from the hall.Nonetheless, the two workers invited me to come in and browse at my leisure. They actively offered information about the frames and brought out a selection that they had already put in storage for the night. From that bunch I selected a pair that I really liked and we sat down to finalize the purchase. Since I was getting sunglasses, they had me test out polarized vs. nonpolarized lenses and showed me the two color options. Throughout it, the attitude of the employee was extremely helpful and full of service. At the end, she took an imprint of my credit card, since they had already locked up the register, and promised to send in the order by phone as soon as they opened the next day (at 10). Possible cons: their selection isn't enormous and they may not have what you're looking for, but all the ones they have are moderately priced. When you look for frames you usually have to shop around a bit. Also, depending on your insurance, you may have to page a good chunk for now-normal lens finishes, but c'est la vie.
1	Where do I start with this place?Let me preface this by saying, initially my service was great. I've been going here for several years for my yearly eye exams, however the last year has been the worst customer service experience I've ever received.Back In January I needed to have my yearly exam and order new contacts. I was wearing CIBA Focus Night and Days at the time. Without informing me of the brand change the lady at the counter ordered me CIBA Air Optix Night and Day contact lenses.I had a lot of problems with these new contact lenses, so I went back for a follow up visit. The lady at the counter told me she could order me my old contacts and would call me when they came in. Two weeks later and no call, I finally called them back. When I came to pick up my supposedly older contacts, I found out they had ordered me the Weekly colored contacts. She assured me they were just like the older contacts.The new weekly contacts were better than the Air Optix, but were still leaving my eyes dry and scratchy. I went back for another paid follow up visit. This time she supposedly ordered me different contacts. Two week later, and after not receiving another call back, I called them again. No one had ordered my trail contact lenses! I waited another two weeks for the lenses to come in. This time I was called back. (I was shocked), however the new contacts were the CIBA Air Optix!!!After going back for Another follow up exam to explain all the issues I've been having the doctor suggested it might be seasonal allergies causing the problems and prescribed me some drops. I have never had allergies in my life, but I ordered the prescription anyways. The drops didn't help my eyes one bit and were a waste of money.I finally went online and did some research. A lot of people have been having problems with the switch from the Focus Night and Days to the Air Optix Night and Days. I scheduled ANOTHER follow up exam and tried to explain the problems again. The doctor didn't believe my story and didn't even let me finish explaining anything. She suggested I try the Acuvuve 2 contact lenses. I figured anything was better than the Air Optix.These trial pairs were worse than the Air Optix. I tried calling back to see about getting another brand of trails. The gentleman on the phone told me he would call me back. Of course he didn't call me back.I will never use Sears Optical again. The customer service is just flat out rude. They don't care about your problems and are more interested in making a buck, then getting you the right product. Don't expect a phone call back. They also don't care about their customers. I've interacted with all of their staff and they ALL don't care to here about my eye problems. Even the doctor doesn't care. I got halfway through explaining what was going on, and she cut me off. She hurried me out of her office as fast as she could. Not to mention shes never heard of anyone having problems with the new Air Optic contact lenses.Do the smart thing and take your business else where! I would never wish these problems on anyone else! This has been one expensive nightmare!!
3	I've been getting my glasses/contacts at Sears Optical for years. In fact - I think it's been over 15 years by now. You may be wondering, "Why 3 stars then? Why not go somewhere else?" Okay, so here's the deal;It's not the largest store. There isn't a ton to choose from. That said, I always find a pair of glasses I like. The customer service is hit and miss. There are some great people working here, but every once in a while I deal with someone who could totally ruin someone's opinion of the place. This Fiesta Mall location is better than the Superstition Springs Mall location. The former location is pretty bad; they don't greet you when you walk and and you feel saying, "Um....I'm here?" in a feeble voice. Okay so the reason why they get the stars is because of the eye doc they have there. Dr. Clanton is awesome. She's awesome with me, with my kids...she's just a classy lady. She remembers me. She isn't afraid to scold me for wearing my contacts for a month instead of 2 weeks but she's just sooo nice about it. I like my doctors to be professional, courteous, knowledgable, and honest. If you can get past the staff in the front, you will be in good hands with the doc. She's spot on and my vision is perfect with her prescriptions.
