3	This Fedex Office is smaller than most, and is mostly geared for making copies for students (it is near ASU). It also gets pretty busy with foreign students shipping off all things Stateside to their foreign friends and relatives, like ASU T-Shirts so their friends and family can look cool and the student can try to prove to his/her parents that he didn't flunk out and is still enrolled. Place is a little cramped, but the staff is knowledgeable and efficient, if not pleasant.
3	I am shocked to report that I had a pleasant experience here.  All Kinkos used to be hell holes with rude, incompetent staff.  Remember the Dave Chappell skit?  Youtube it.Wow.  I needed some marketing materials printed on the fly, so I strolled in to FedEx Kinkos at 9 p.m. and ordered them from the most intellegent Kinkos employee I have ever met.  She was smart and funny, and if I wasn't married, and she wasn't a lesbian, we would have rode off into the sunset together.  Or at least that is how I felt after expecting to have to cut off a part of my penis to get some copies made, (with the way Kinkos used to be).Well, thanks Fedex Kinkos, you really made my day.  However, I can't give you the fourth or fifth star because you are WAY too expensive.  If I wasn't in dire need, I could have had these printed for much less elsewhere.
4	I am new to the Tempe area and really needed some things copied and faxed being that business is what brought me out this way. However, i have been to a popcopy.... i mean kinkos before and it was not oriented towards the customer. I don't know exactly what happened but i was amazed at how the place has changed. They simplified everything and there was actually sufficient staff on hand to approach me and ask if i needed any help with anything. They were very helpful and very speedy. I had to make copies of flyers, 500 to be exact, and they called me promptly when they were finished. The final product looked great and wasn't overly expensive. Only complaint was the lines were a little long but i did go during peak time. I also didn't like how cramped the building was, but more machines means less lines so it was bearable. Very different from the last time i was at a kinkos.
4	great service, they even told me a way to save money on the poster I needed for my class. Came to them kind of last minute and they took my order. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Definitely the best kinkos I've been to in Arizona (Utah is better). Still expensive, which is why it's not 5 stars. However, I was in dire need because all the other print shops I searched around Tempe closed at 5:30 or 6 pm. This place is open till 11 on weekdays! Great stuff
3	I used to get really good service here and the copy machine style printers that I plugged my USB into worked so much better than trying to print from campus. But... The last few times I've come to print the printers have been so SLOW and have just not printed my papers. I'm usually in a hurry to get my paper printed and turn it in so this is pretty exasperating. I just looked at my bank account to see that the last time I was there I was indeed charged 3 times for the paper I was trying to print. I plugged into 1 printer, went through the steps, and it said printing now. Then ERROR pops up on the copy machine. I go to stand in line but it is so slow it's unbearable. I go back an try again, and the same thing happens. All the steps, then error. I finally got someone to help and do we did it on a 3 rd printer. It does the same thing but she pushes something on the copier and it works. At that point I am desperate to just get to class. But now that I know I've been charged 3 times I am done going there. It's not worth the trouble anymore. I'll just buy ink cartridges.
1	Customer service is HORRIBLE! My mom and I have repeated issues with their computers and printers and they just brush us off as we are stupid people who don't know how to work computers but don't offer to help! This morning my mom was having an issue with a document and they just told her that it was a new technology and treated her as if she was stupid. She pointed out that it''s the same technology that the FedEx Office on Camelback uses and there was no issue before and asked if they would help her. The employee did not help her and  replied that the fact that it was new technology. My mom then said well something must be broken to which the employee replied in a sarcastic condescending tone, "Oh thank you! We'll get right on it!"  Never once did the employee help my mom when asked or offered to help her.DO NOT GO HERE! Customer service and the employees and they do not care about you!
1	I recently went to this FedEx location to get two booklets printed out and spiral bounded.  First time around, the booklets came out with streaks across the images.  The staff was very kind and apologized for the mistake and reprinted them for me.  I left and came back to pick them up the next day. The second time around, some of the colors were off.  I pointed out that the light greys came out blue and greenish.  The staff was very unresponsive.  We pulled up the file on the computer to show that indeed the grey is not supposed to be blue/greenish in color.  I also had him reprint one to show that it is not suppose to be like that.  He reprinted one page and the greys on the newly printed page was indeed grey.  There was likely a problem with the printer and he told me he would reprint those pages affected.  So I left and came back the next day.The third time around, they blue/greenish color was fixed on most of the pages except for one page.  I pointed it out to the staff member and she told me that there is nothing she can do about that.  I press the matter that it is not suppose to be blue/greenish and that I paid over $100 for these two booklets and that I will not settle for poor printing.  You guys are a professional printing service and printing something off color is not professional at all.  Only after pressing the matter did she state that the machines need to be serviced and it will not be available for 4 days.  So now something that should have only take 1 day is taken over 7 days!I am very disappointed with the level of professionalism and level of competence in the service and the staff at this FedEx location.   Not only was the print job poor, I wasted a lot of time revisiting the store because the printing wasn't done correctly.I would give this place zero stars if I can.
1	My daughter was in this Kinkos today to get oversized copies made. They scanned her items and only told her AFTER they were scanned that the price was going to be $70.00. She is a college student, and this was a shock for her. They should have AT LEAST told her what the cost of the services she was requesting was in advance so she could have made an informed decision. After they already made the scans, it was a little late to say, no, you are too frigging expensive. We WILL NOT be using this Kinkos ever again, I don't care if it is right near campus. I will drive 10 miles to Staples or OfficeMax first before setting foot in this place again. $70 for two copies. Insane.
4	We went here last night at 9:00pm to get invitation cards for my daughter's birthday party printed up.  Service was courteous, fast, and we got exactly what we asked for.This is one of those cases where I really can't write an elaborate review.  What I can say is that we needed a facility that could print a professional quality job for us off of a flash drive late at night.  They came through and neither my wife nor I have any complaints.  They did us right, and pretty much guaranteed that we will return for a similar job in the future.
5	I have come into this location before to have packages shipped and have had a mediocre experience. They simply helped me ship the item, the lines were kind of long, but what can you expect? It's in a busy area etc. Tonight though I just left and a young man (didn't catch his name, he had gauges in his ears) went above and beyond to help me. I came in right before closing thinking I could print some posters off for my recital by myself and get in and out without bothering any employees. I frequently close at my place of work and know how annoying it is when people come in right at closing. I was unfamiliar with the technology at this location though and couldn't print off the posters. When I went to get help from the man at the counter he stayed almost 20 MINUTES after closing to print off my posters for me. And he wasn't rushing me or anything. He gave me different paper options etc. I can't believe how much he went out of his way to help me. I will definitely be calling his manager to tell them what a great employee they have.
5	I really needed quick help with a document today and needed it printed and cut into half sheets. The staff here did an excellent job of assisting me and taking payment from my emloyer over the phone. One person in particular, Jason, helped me out so much. Very professional, went over and above my expectations. Thank you.
5	Was expecting to drop off my binding job and come back but he did it right away. Great service!
1	This was my first time using FedEx (usually I go through UPS) and I must say, I'm less than impressed. Usually I'm quite patient as a patron because I know employees can get busy & I understand that; however, today I was not understanding of my experience. I was greeted immediately, which was nice. Once I was ready, I got in line behind a woman who was being helped. While waiting, another customer came in with 3-4 large boxed at the counter next to the one I / the only employee there were at. Once she finished the transaction with the lady being helped, the employee shifted over & started helping the person who not only got in line after me, but also had numerous large boxes all going to different places; meanwhile, I had a small envelope which ended up being a 2 minute transaction. I couldn't believe it. I had been blatantly skipped over. When she called upstairs for help, the 2nd employee came to my counter, then shifted again over to where the large boxes people were & rang up something for them. I had had it at that point. While he was polite to me, I was irritated & just wanted to get out of there. I'm sure I'll return because it is close to my home, but if I have the time, I'll drive else where to use UPS, whom I've never had an issue with.UPDATE: 10 minutes after posting my initial review, I got a call saying "Hello, [person who I'm sending the package to], we have a package ready for pick up." Oh, the package I just dropped off 20 minutes ago to get sent to the person you just called saying it was ready? Crazy, that got across the country fast. I called them & they said they had made a mistake & things were put in the wrong pile with the wrong stickers. Wow. Let's hope it gets to where it needs to be as it contains something with sentimental value.
2	I have tried this location twice for custom print work. My two star goes to the terribly unhappy woman that works behind the counter. And this locations lack of attention to detail. Honey, for Pete's sake, be nice. You have lovely manicured nails, nice skin and a you stand with a strong presence. Why do you have to be so pissed off looking? It makes your customers uncomfortable. Team, small things, like cutting a straight line along the edge of a print job. It goes a long way. They were invitations to a party, not some cheap flyer! Couldn't you have paid closer attention to detail so that it didn't look like a five year old cut them out with hand scissors?
