2	Guitar Center comes to the east valley! I have to say I have been so excited to know that a Guitar Center was going to be so close to my house. I have been going to the Tempe location for years. I am hoping that soon I can add a few more stars in a future update. Today was a BIG disappointment. I think the new employees need way more training.Pros: A Brand New Guitar Center in the East Valley. A large selection of amazing guitars, drum kits and a variety of other instruments. Needs Improvement: I interacted with over 7 employees and I have no idea who they were, they never introduced themselves or even welcomed me to the new store. The Tempe store was a great place to go, there is just a cool welcoming vibe. I sure hope that this location grows into that type of place. The employees are new and they are just learning, they were not very up on what grand opening specials they had and then when I asked about a special on some software, ( Like what exactly does the software do) multiple employees had no clue.This is just a young store and I hope that it will get better over time, right now, if you are someone who has been to the tempe store, the new mesa store is a bit different.As someone in Pro Audio, I was really excited to see how they were going to showcase the PRO equipment. I don't think that the corporate office really thought this through. There is no room for monitoring speakers, the pro audio section seems like an after thought by corporate. I can't believe that they do not have a separate room for DAW demos like in Tempe. They have one for the drum cymbals, nothing for the PRO equipment. I think they really missed the mark.I was really hoping that this would become a place where they would have Avid Demo nights  and special clinics. It does not look like that is going to be the case.Like I said before, I will be back and I hope that can add a few stars, today 2 is all that I can give.
2	Like others in the SE Valley, I was excited to see a new Guitar Center open up close to home.  However I was disappointed when I set foot in the store.  This particular location should be called "Guitar Center Jr."  The store is small and the selection very limited compared to other GCs, particularly the one in Tempe.  The keyboard section was woefully lacking in demo models (no Yamaha Motif or S-90?  Seriously??).   Same was true for rest of the place.  I had limited interaction with the staff but those I did briefly speak with seemed friendly enough.  I can see that my visits to this particular store will likely be limited to merely picking up accessories like mic cords, etc.   Too bad--I was really hoping for another location like the one on Eliot Rd.
2	First of all... I am a HUGE guitar center fan for both instruments and their sound equipment. I was os excited when I heard they were coming to the east Valley and went to the store the second day after they opened. I was there for over an our checking out all the details, while smaller than the Tempe location, it seemed fine to me. Then I went back to make a purchase.I was looking at guitars and listening to the salesperson take care of another guy in the store. He was all about the deal... saying things like "hey man, you never pay full price at Guitar Center" and " let me go talk to the manager and see if I can get you a deal." I was excited for my turn to "cut a deal" only to be disappointed by the sales guy that helped me. He pretty much snubbed me. I have no idea why? He wasn't even interested in talking about the guitar I wanted to buy, much less any special deal.I thought i would give it awhile and go back... after all it is a brand new location. After waiting for a couple of months... I went back and was treated even worse. I've been buying strings etc. there because of convenience... but I'm not sure I'd buy anything expensive due to their poor customer service. Too bad... I love the Tempe location.The bright spot in my experience was that one of their guitar teachers was out on the floor playing and he was amazing. I talked with him about a couple of guitars and he was more help than the sales staff!
2	Hey Super Star, get to Guitar Center right now!  Plug in an axe and crank that amp.  Every kid is there looking to be discovered by secret talent scouts, so don't get left out!  I'll brave the annoying comissioned sales folks on my own after you've been signed to a major label (or just lost interest and gone back home for mom's pot roast).Typical selection of new equipment.  Small and disappointing selection of used equipment.  Service is typical of an untrained sales staff- friendly but clueless.This is what you get when you let economics majors run your music business.
5	I have always and will be pleasantly surprised with the store.  Every time I going to the store I get excellent customer service and being in the customer service industry myself as a rare thing to find. It feels good knowing to go in there only after a few times and some associates are you remembering my name they help me out give me pointers and astutely to every purchase that I've always been satisfied with. I even had to deal with the store manager wants are in regards to the situation from the other guitar center and she unwillingly without me even asking offered to take her the situation and resolve the issue. Yes it may not be as a big as a store the other ones but I will always keep going back to this
5	Great experiences every visit, they always have what I want and the staff is friendly.
2	I was happy to see this place go in so close to my home.  Recently I went in to buy new strings for my guitar and I asked if they had someone who could put them on because it takes me forever and I do not think I put them on very well.  I was told sure the guitar tech could do that but does not come in till 9 a.m.  So I waited.... When he finally came in and no one told me he arrived and I was the only one in the store.  Then the guy wanted $15 to string and tune it.  This is probably Guitar Centers fee but he seemed really cocky and annoyed that I even asked.  Someone should have told me the fee for this before I waited an hour.  I think I will stick to Milano Music on Main St for now on.  Guitar Center is just a retail chain store that wants a sale with no customer service.  The end.
2	Wow, i'm blown away by how similar i feel to other reviewers here about the new Mesa location. I was very happy to see a GC so close to home, because I live out in the east valley ; and Milanos is quite a distance from me. So anywho, I checked em out quite a few times, even bought a few guitars and the employees are what is really sinking this location. They don't have any experience. When i purchase a $2,000+ instrument I like buying them from people who love them as much as I do. Not an inexperienced kid whom cant tell me the difference between models and I have to make those observations myself. What pickups does this Les Paul model have? 57 classics?  They just dont know. Prices on used gear are usually at a managers discretion ; this location seems a tad overpriced on the used stuff. I can find better prices (for the same gear) from other GC locations. What gives?  Staff also attempts to steal gear from people (out of curiosity i had them tell me what they'd pay for a tube amp  and the amount was so low the amp would have had to of been red hot stolen )Selection wasn't great either on the used stuff, probably because they lowball people all day and want twice the amount they paid for it.  I like the tempe and scottsdale locations so much more. The staff is better, as well as their inventory.   Remember this company is now owned by a Capital investment firm which is never a good thing. Artists should own GC , not corporate wallstreet piggies.
4	Please permit me to stress my experience has been at other multiple locations and not recently. My inclination to feel 5 stars is tempered by my personal short comings. Review is precipitated by how bad a completely different type of business is operated. Guitar Center is a highly complex business. It serves important vastly wide and different needs. My observations were as an observer and a purchaser.Visits were with a self taught musician, composer,recorder, producer and on my own. Do you feel varying degrees of frustrations with retail experiences? This chain, to myself, is a source of pride in American business. Knowledge, pride, teamwork, multiple possibilities. It is there for your progress, enjoyment, growth and satisfaction. I am all ears and no action and this group is action.
1	Incompetent and greedy, it's unbelievable how a store can be so disrespectful to their customers.  Buy/sell any equipment you want or don't anymore online or in person, it'll save you the time and money
5	Jacob Campbell is a badass, and I told him so to his face.   First, he wouldn't help me move the ladder over to the sweet Schecter bass on the second story.  Then he quizzed me and my girlfriend about what the low string on the bass was, since it was a five string.  He was knowledgeable about the instruments and equipment he plugged us into.His enthusiasm to help us never wavered.  All our questions were answered and we were very attended to.  (Too much, Jacob?  Stop hovering! ... Kidding.)When it came time to check out he again helped us right along making a couple of jokes about how he wanted us to pay more.  See, the Schecter was marked way down, so we got it at a bargain.  Jacob was then helpful enough to price match the pack of bass strings we bought, too.While he was helping us out, he was also helping one of his fellow employees in the same checkout area, punching in codes, authorizing, etc.  He was very attentive to what was going on around him and to the people whom he was serving.  Actually, he was serving not only us but his work-fellow as well.  This is a man who can handle responsibility.He said he's been there since the grand opening of the store.  I like to see the kind of passion, friendliness and joviality in folks who serve me.  I'm pleased.This was the first time I've been to this Guitar Center, and really, this review is for that one experience, dealing with basically one very helpful, responsible, eccentric employee.  (You're a badass, Jacob.  Thanks for your help.)Cheerio.
