2	I don't know what it is about this place, but they are slooooooooow. The food is adequate (please don't lecture me about fast food, why are you even reading this review?), but sitting at the drive-in will shorten your life. Or maybe just feel like it. I prefer some of their stuff to McDonald's (yes, I'm very discerning) but just cannot abide the wait.
2	It's a Burger King.  My expectations were not that high.  However, they are unbearably slow, and the dining area is usually pretty dirty.  The food is mediocre, even for fast foot's low standards.  The staff usually acts like you're ruining their day for showing up.
2	Good bk food. Slow service. Drive through is a 10 min stop even if your the only one in line. Always feels like i am bugging the person at the window.
1	It's called fast food. Not wait for three hours for a fricking burger food. WTF  how hard is it honestly?
1	I have given this burger king a chance MANY times... But they are BY FAR the slowest burger king I have EVER been to... Even if they have no customers inside, and you go through the empty drive through, they will STILL make you pull forward and wait for your meal, one time it was over a half hour! Absolutely unreasonable.
1	I would give this BK a -1 star if I could. They just recently renovated their building, cool, looks nice. I've stopped going to this location, it is the worst in fast food. Once i was told in the drive-thru that they were out of meat, but had chicken or fish. LOL Seriously! The king of burgers out of meat!?!?!? The wait in the drive-thru is painfully SLOW! I once ordered, waited for like 10-15 minutes, got fed up and left. Drove over to Wendy's, got my food and drove past BK on the way home. The truck i was behind in the drive-thru was still in the same spot! Crazy. This BK NEEDS better management and training for the employees. They just don't seem to care. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
1	Update: 8/26/128:30 A.M. Hangover. Ordered 2 Whoppers w/o cheese and 1 Whopper w/ cheese and 1 order of onion rings. Drive-thru. Had to pull ahead and wait. 21 minutes later, a woman in a purple velvet one piece delivered our food. Don't they have work uniforms here? Jeeez.
1	Having won a free small frapee from the "Family Food" giveaway at another Burger King, I decided to go inside the Sun Prairie location to cash it in. This was after I waited for almost twenty minutes at the drive-through, even after the order taker told me she'd be with me in, "just a second." Inside the lobby, I was met by a scene of dirty tables, slow service, and a floor littered with a surprising ammount of plastic gloves. When I finally made it to the counter, I was amazed to learn that it is somehow possible to take my order without saying a single word to me, and then simply walking away without even handing me a reciept. Perhaps it was this same top-notch service and accuracy that caused another customer there to have to come back not once, not twice, but THREE times because they made his food wrong. At this point, my instincts said to leave, but my honor required that I stick with it to the bitter end. But when I finally got the free frapee, I was saddened to say that it was not worth the wait. If you value your ability to eat at Burger King more than your time, I would suggest staying in your car at this location and living in blissful ignorance. As for me, it'll be a while before I have it my way again.
2	22 minutes to get my order. Terrible service! I was the only one in the store when I placed my order although there were 3 cars in drivethru. Not acceptable! The only thing keeping this from getting a 1-star review is that (1) the restaurant was clean and newly remodeled, and (2) they did get the order accurate... again, after 22 minutes... not acceptable!
1	Have been there several times and it's always super slow. It had been months since we had gone there so today we went there and the girl at the counter just finished a counter order, saw us, and went to drive through. We stood there for 15 minutes waiting for somebody to take our order. Fed up, we left and went to Culver's.
1	Unless you like being ignored, Avoid, Avoid, Avoid! Stopped in for lunch today and the place was pretty much empty. There was a lady waiting at the counter for her order, two gentlemen who already had their order and were seated and eating. There was one worker for the front counter and the drive thru and 2 or 3 workers in the back. Waited over 10 minutes for someone to take my order and wasn't even acknowledged in that time. One of the guys came up front to bag drive thru orders, wiped the sweat off his face with a napkin, crumpled it up, tossed it in the trash and then scooped up fries without washing his hands. At that point I walked out and went to Culvers where I ordered and got my food in less time than I spent waiting to order here.  Not even worth one star!
1	I went through the drive through, with about 4 cars ahead of me. After placing my order, it took about 15 minutes just to get to the window, where I then waited 28 minutes being ignored! I know the exact time because I looked at the time stamp on my receipt! There were at least three cars waiting behind me too! I finally got the attention of the lady inside to see what the problem was, and I was just told that they are "short staffed" and they make the food fresh to order, Which I guess means they go out back and wait for the chickens to mature, slaughter them, and THEN make the nuggets! I asked for a manager, when she finally showed up, I was not given an apology, just the same story of being short staffed. At this point I had asked to just have my money back so that I could go elsewhere (still no food) and I was told by said manager that she doesn't know how to do that....so I waited....and finally (28 minutes later) got my food, which was cold, and my milkshake had long since melted. Waste of my time and money!I did get a phone number also for what I was told the general manager, called, it was a cell phone with no name on the voicemail, left a message anyway, no return call.I won't ever be back, and I don't think they even care!
1	Remember when Burger King was actually somewhat decent?  Pepperidge Farm remembers...I have dined with the King many a time across this fine land.  I have watched their slow decline with sadness over the last thirty years.  At one point, they actually challenged the Clown for burger superiority, but now, they're a weak shadow on the market, barely a player......and the BK at this location is a perfect example of why.EVERYTHING at this BK takes ten minutes.  Doesn't matter what you order, be prepared to wait.It's always dirty.  When I was a kid and worked at the Clown, we were always cleaning.  There was usually one or two people on any shift whose sole job was to keep the lobby clean.  This place is a hole.Why does the food taste weird?  If I want BK, I actually make the drive to Deforest, rather than eat at this location, which is actually a stone's throw from my house.  The food here tastes bad, bleachy, and wrong.  What are they doing to the food?Fix thyself, King, and maybe I'll return.  Until then, I will take my cheap, poorly constructed eats elsewhere.
1	This place is slow beyond belief. How do they stay in business? I waited 15 min for my order which was wrong and cold. I got the excuse "were short staffed". There were two cars in line and no one in the dining area. How much staff do you need for two customers? I think they laugh about how bad they are as workers. Because they could care less....
1	This is where you go when you want to:A)  See what it's like to have time stand still in the drive thruB)  Wait soooooo long that you end up qualifying for AARPC)  Get food poisoning, (assuming you waited long enough to get the food)D)  Feel embarrassed because you wait soooo long in line that the entire town has passed by at least once and seen you waiting for your gastrointestinal beat down.  Awesome!
