4	This pool is very good for aving a swim or just relaxing in the pool.It has changing rooms for both male and female and lockers which are 50p but you get that back when your done.It is a very good pool with a seperate diving pool which has diffrent heights of your choice to go on.
4	The Royal Commonwealth Pool is currently undergoing works and should be open by the Summer of 2011, where it will eventually be used to stage the diving competitions for the Commonwealth games in 2014, on Glasgow's behalf. However, it is also going to play an important part in preparing the GB swimming team for the Olympics in London in 2012.The pool did need a bit of renovation any how as it was first made for the Commonwealth games in the 1970s and the decor of the place didn't seem very 21st century, which is essential if live television pictures of a swimming venue are going to be beamed across the world.before the renovation work started, it was great to have a huge official Olympic sized swimming pool so close to the city centre and the 50 metres swims were a good test of your fitness. There was also diving boards, which I was never brave enough to actually try out. The changing rooms were as Alice says in definite need of a bit of TLC, but this will definitely be happening with the renovation work and I look forward to using it when it's done.
3	This is a fantastic pool for those who are training for a triathalon, or even the Commonwealth Games. Athletes. Those who can butterfly stroke in their sleep.You might not believe me, but I am not one of them. No, instead I am one who wears her hair high in a bun on her head, still keeps her mascara on, and does a leisurely breast stroke for each length, keeping my head firmly above water.Now, I can swim. And I can do this modify breast stroke quite well. But as I run, practice yoga and hit the gym and weights often, for me swimming is my down-time, relaxation exercise. Im not doing it to train.With that in mind, the Commonwealth pool would be my 2nd choice for pools in my area (Marchmont). It's really clean, very well kept, and the pool is of Olympic distance. So it's a wee workout for my relaxation swims.But, and I don't know why it's called 'Pool & Sauna' - it doesn't have a sauna! Or a steam room! I *love* going for a half hour swim, then suffering through 10 minutes of intense, dry heat only to then plunge myself under a super cold shower. It feels amazing! Instead, there's just the swim, then a slightly chlorine-smelling pat down before I head home for a proper shower.As a gym facility, I think it's pretty great. I've heard rave reviews of the classes, there's a full gym, and it'd be a great place to cross train (again, triathaletes in mind).But for folk who want a leisurely swim and then sauna after, you might be better going elsewhere.
