4	A new Chipotle Mexican Grill.  Good burritos, tacos, burritos bowls fast!Enjoyed a Barbacoa burrito and some chips and salsa.  This location seems to be a little smaller with a few tables outside.
2	Definitely a new, untrained crew at Chipotle - doesn't seem to be too many transfers of knowledgeable employees from other locations.  Portion sizes of protein have been extremely small and have to nudge the team for more of every ingredient.  Frustrating, but tasty.
3	Good food.  A solid choice.  That said... they charge too much for guacamole and sometimes the meat is cold.  I like Moe's better, but I definitely don't mind eating here.
3	The food her is better than most Chipotle in the area. The staff is always friendly and nice but there is always a line, even at 9pm at night.
5	Finally, some decent food n' go! I usually get a steak burrito and rice, and they have never messed up an order to date. The food is good for a chain, and i definitely would return.
3	Love love love the food, but this is one of the slowest Chipotles around! There was a short girl and a really talkk guy that worked there and would really move the line along and they were friendly, but they was gone for a time and the place really fell apart. I have patience, but when the line is literally out the door and employees are moving at a snail's space and too busy laughing with one another, it's gets frustrating. Luckily, that short girl was back the last time I visited and it was a good experience again!!
4	You have to get the burrito. It is tasty and a lot of food. Honestly the food is better here than a lot I sit down Mexican places. This place also looks very clean. Definitely recommend.
3	Standard Chipotle, but definitely could use training on efficiency. By far the slowest line of all Chipotle's I've been too.
1	This is the most poorly managed Chipotle I've ever been too. There is no urgency in the workers with a line out the door. They were busy restocking items in the back instead of moving more people to work on the burrito line. You would spend less time driving to a different location than waiting in this line. We will never be back to this location.
