5	In general, I'm not into sports bars, however, Silky's at Liberty and Evaline has that genuine sports/Irish pub feel to it that's just right. Sitting at the bar is really nice, there are at least 5 TVs to watch your favorite sporting event on-- there is also a shuffle board table and I see groups meeting here for after-work drinks often.The food is A+ bar food, I love the Reuben sandwich and every night they have some themed drink special night. I think Thursday night is ladies night and on Friday they have free wings from 5-7. The last time I went I watched the U.S. Open Women's Semi-finals and the wings did not disappoint!
4	A cute setup for a pub... decorated in British/Irish fare... several tvs all over the bar, with 5 in the center airing 5 different sports events. Enough to keep me entertained even if all I'm doing is drinking by myself... but I'm blessed with good company. There are also strings of lights all over the eaves that makes me feel like it's Christmas. The music selection is a little odd with its random variety - or is that the jukebox's fault?The food was pretty delish, with good prices for decent portions. I loved the BBQ Turkey and Bacon Sandwich and the Seafood Chowder. The bf also noted that although the Chicken Fettucine isn't on the regular menu, you can still order it. The service can be hit or miss as it does get pretty busy for one waitress in a full bar.Now I just need to find somebody in Pittsburgh who can mix me a Black Opal.
4	Living in South Side almost ruined my love of sports bars -- all I want is a place to watch a game and enjoy some fried food and drinks, without sloppy drunk girls spilling beers on me. Thankfully, my friends took me to Silky's and reminded me that it's worth it to cross the river now and then for a drink. The bar food is quality -- I highly recommend the fried zucchini. There's also the Munchies Platter, with provolone sticks, onion rings, chicken wings. It is so massive, my arteries almost went on strike. Crowd is good company, bathrooms are surprisingly clean, and there's about five TVs for your viewing pleasure. If I lived in Bloomfield, I'd definitely be more of a regular.
5	I'm going to have to completely agree with Jessica M.'s review of Silky's.  It is the closest bar to my house so I check it out whenever I can.  It is as close as I can define a "Sports Pub", with the tvs showing sports, but with the British Pub decor, and not spilling over the brim with sports fans.  They have good solid pub food which is tasty and with big portions.  The food is always above par and I don't ever think I've had something I wouldn't order again.  I even got a grilled cheese and loved it!!  There is a bit of sticker shock, when you see a sandwich for around 8 bucks, but the sides and the taste make up the difference.  They have some good beers on tap, and you can spend a pretty penny, or you can get a pitcher of Yeungling pretty cheap and just  hang out and play shuffleboard if you like.  The atmosphere is good and friendly, and they have tables outside in the summer.  The jukebox does leave many songs to question, but overall it is a good mix.  There is only street parking, but you usually don't have to walk far.  I'm glad this is my neighborhood pub, and I'll be back, so glad it's gone smoke free!
4	Pretty good sports bar.  I didn't have any food, but they've got a decent beer selection, and prices and specials are pretty good.  They've got plenty of screens to watch your favorite event(s), and the outdoor seating on the sidewalk is good, too, if you want to escape the sports crowd but still enjoy some of the atmosphere.
4	Free wing Fridays... oh yeah.  I don't even like wings usually, but Silky's knows how to cook 'em so they don't taste fatty.  Get a side of Atomic sauce, which is flavorful as well as hot.  I'd buy it by the bottle if I could.  The menu is huge, and everything I've had has been good.  I always get the home fries on the side, which are cooked with onions and fried jalapenos (!).  Great waitresses, too.  Would be five stars if it had decent air conditioning--in the summer, sitting inside is painful.
4	Phenomenal bloody mary on a Sunday. Cute bar tender. delightful ghetto dive. I guess I need to get in on these free wings at some point..
5	Looking for a friendly, neighborhood place with great food and a wonderful staff ... Silky's on Liberty is your place. Daily specials plus a respectable standard fare means you'll never tire of the menu. Warm nights make the sidewalk tables perfect for socializing and people watching (goodness knows that Bloomfield has its share of characters.) But what really makes this place special is the fabulous folks who work there. Take some time to get to know them. They're fun and interesting! Enjoy!
2	We had heard good things about this little neighborhood bar, good beer selection (check), cheerful service (check), good prices on drinks (check), and food (check), and supposedly good food.The only problem that our party of 6 had was the way the place was set up, they don't allow smoking inside but they should of. All of the smokers were standing outside in front of a giant sliding, garage style door and all of the smoke was sucked back into the bar. All of us agreed this is the worst place we have been in for smoke and some of our group were smokers, they didn't even like it. So if your idea is to sit inside a smokey hazy bar you will love it, but to sit in that atmosphere and dine was impossible. We left for cleaner air.
3	Silky's (in Bloomfield) has the best BLT in Pittsburgh! I don't know the exact specs, but with what looks like about a half pound of perfectly crisp-tastic bacon on an appropriately sized bun, this sandwich is a meal.As a bar, it's just fine -- not great, not too bad. It's packed on game nights and is a nice place to sit outside in summer.
3	I like this bar.  I will keep going.  But the food is so average to below average its painful to eat there.  Overpriced pasta dishes that taste laughably cheap.  the typical fried everything apps.I had a burger and fries off the special menu and I have to say it was ok.  My mind was not blown in any way shape or form, but I did eat it all.  in two sittings.  Large portions is one way this place makes people get their moneys worth.  The meat was juicy but thoroughly grey inside.  Most likely due to using a lower quality meat.  Good fries.in my opinion if they tweaked a few things that bar could really really attract people for the food.  The locations is perfect and seemingly close to everything.Good service, good beer, the food just misses the mark.
4	Incredible drink specials, great atmosphere, and delicious food.  You can't really go wrong there.  They have daily specials and awesome beers on tap.  The pricing is reasonable, for both food and drink.  Non smoking inside, but easy access to smoking outside.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The jukebox isn't bad.  All in all I was pleasantly suprised with how much I actually enjoyed this place.  I was a little leary at first, as I kept associating it with Silky's the strup bar in McKees Rocks.
4	We stopped at Silky's in search of a late lunch. The decor is very old school bar style, wobbly tables and all. There were only a couple people inside at this early hour and we were greeted quickly by a friendly server. We both got the BLT, which they claim is the best in Pittsburgh. As we are both bacon snobs, we decided to test their claim.Food came in a reasonable amount of time. There is a TON of bacon on the sandwich, cook very crisply. I hate to say it was a bit too crisp...I think bacon ideally should be crisp but still retain some moisture and fattiness. But it was still very tasty; it almost reminded me of pork rinds. The waffle fries on the side were excellent; crisp but not overdone and well-seasoned. They wait staff was prompt and friendly. Price-wise, my bottle of Labatt was a tad bit on the expensive side, and their food is priced a north of most bar food, but the quality is there so I can excuse that. We hope to check the place out on a busier night to check out the atmosphere, but we definitely enjoyed our visit.
3	I started out really disliking the food at Silky's...especially where there are better 'bar food' options within a mile.  But, they've won me over.  A little bit.  I'll call them average.Wings - still underwhelmed.  They are a dry rub (unless you get a bbq).  And usually overcooked.  I like my wings well done, but these are always so average - I don't even order them here anymore.Burgers and Sandwiches are pretty good.  Buffalo chicken wrap was solid.  Burger (off the special menu) got the job done.Waffle fries - very good.  I think because they are very crispy.  Based on the bacon reviews below - i think the general rule is they are good at frying the hell out of something...sometimes for good - sometimes for bad.What redeems this place beyond the average food - is the layout and outdoor seating.  It beats other bloomfield bars given it's greater amount of seating and better views of tv screens.  Also, it has the most outdoor seating.  Not tons - but if you get there at a decent hour - still possible to get a table.Silky's usually makes the list to watch a game or if weather calls for outdoor drinking.
4	Stopped in tonight for a late mini-celebration dinner. I had a really really big, pretty decent burger topped with lots of bacon. The bacon is still crunchier than I like it...I don't know if it's the cut or the way they cook it. The waffle fries are seasoned and really yummy. Good selection of beers. I will never try the pasta. Anyone who goes to a bar and eats pasta and thinks it might actually be good or authentic is delusional. I don't really fit in in this place, but there's bacon. And as they say, if you bacon, they will come.
3	I am going with the "A-Ok" rating here, but it is really "only Ok".  I have been to the Squirrel Hill location and have had better experiences.  This was my first visit to the Bloomfield location and was rather underwhelmed.  The place was packed with Friday evening happy hour go-ers, which was fine.  My friend and I were really in search of food rather than drink, though.  We sat at the bar and so it took a while for the bartender (one of two) to take our orders.  It then took approx. 40 minutes for our food to arrive.  I ordered a wrap and my friend ordered a sandwich.  My order was fine, my friend's was nothing close to what she had ordered.  She then had to wait another 20 minutes for the correct sandwich to be delivered.  Of course, we understand that mistakes happen.  However, what was truly frustrating was the fact no one else in the entire bar appeared to be eating (just drinking) with the exception of one table that had ordered one plate of wings.  So, was the kitchen so backed up that it should have taken so long for our food to arrive?  Where they so crazy busy back there that they got confused and prepared the wrong sandwich?  In addition, and I do find this to be an isolated occurance, I was ill for essentially the entire weekend after eating here on a Friday night.  I won't take Silky's off my list entirely because it is close to my house.  My wrap was good and the staff was friendly.  The place was packed and so that says something positive to me.
4	Comfortable, friendly, affordable.  Nice stop before an evening out.  I need to head there primetime to assess the evening vibe.  Will be back.
4	Great, cozy place to grab a beer and watch a game! They have pretty good food with reasonable pricing. I really like the chicken pesto sandwich!The service isn't the best but if you're really into watching a game its less noticeable lol! I do prefer the Squirrel Hill location over Bloomfield. Both have on street parking, but in bloomfield its easier to find parking. All and all this is one of my favorite sports bars!
1	Captain's Log Stardate: Circa 2004 - 2006-ish... I lived about an hour and a half outside of the city. Coming here was usually pretty exciting. (Here as in the city, not Silky's.) I had a friend who lived here in the East End and on the street I reside on now. Several times we found ourselves at Silky's Pub. I love the corner building, the way it looks out onto Liberty Ave. It looks so welcoming. Especially in the summer. Outdoor seating, always pretty well packed with people.I'll come right out and say that the crowd that frequents Silky's isn't my usual crowd, but unlike some bars I'd never had an issue with someone wanting to start a fight with us because we look like a bunch of dirty malcontents. This place is just not our usual dive bar.Thursday night my boyfriend texted me that he was there with a mutual friend. Living less than a city block from there I headed over. I needed a beer and some hockey/world series action to distract me after the Halloween parade. It was as busy as usual. A few seats remaining and I managed to snag one right at the bar, front and center.I hate to say this because I don't remember this happening years ago when I went there. I was not even acknowledged. I get flagging down a bartender in a crazy busy bar in the South Side on a Friday night. I don't like it but I get it. This was a moderately steady Thursday night. I wasn't standing behind the people's sitting at the bar. I was the person sitting at the bar. There were two male bartenders both bartenders asked the guy next to me multiple times if he wanted anything else to drink. By "multiple times" I mean 6 or 8 times. The person sitting directly beside me. They wouldn't look at me. I tried to make eye contact with either of them and it was as if I wasn't even there. Eventually the boyfriend's beer emptied as well. This is about 20 minutes after I arrived. I've had people walk in and stand behind us and the bar tender or waitress was on them immediately. After another 5 minutes of the boyfriend's beer being perched precariously on the edge of the bar and the bartenders standing there chatting he had to ask the bartender for a refill and if I could have a drink.The bartender looks up at him, grabs his pint glass angrily from the bar and says, "Oh, you wanted another?" Really? I was so angry at that point that it took everything I had not to ask the guy what his issue was.  I later saw him drop a pint glass and stumble into something so many he was drunk.The food that other people ordered smelled and looked great. Even the seafoody bits which I normally hate smelling. The tv's are plentiful and newer. I just don't know if I'll ever get to go back and try the food as I hate being slighted by a business owner and treated as if my business isn't appreciated.
5	Out of my three day, 3 state bar crawl this was my favorite bar. Service was good, the beer selection wasnt amazing but okay, and they had shuffle board. But what sold me was the Silky's had that homey feel to it.
4	A solid neighborhood bar, just a short walk from my workplace.  My coworkers and I went out here after work.  It's a nice little cozy environment that just has a comforting feel to it.  Plenty of flat screen TVs to catch the big game, though not sure what their channel options are for out of town games.  I'd have to go back to investigate.  Otherwise, the service was solid, the drink menu was decent, and the food was good.  I had the nachos which were pretty average to slightly above average in nature.  The guacamole was actually good though.  Nothing to write home about, but decent enough to enjoy.  And yes, I'm a stickler when it comes to guac.  Overall, I'm giving this place 4 stars because this is simply a cool place to chill after a long day at work.  Give it a try and see what you think.
4	I've been to all 3 Silky's locations and this is my favorite. The food is great, the service is warm, and the environment is comfortable and welcoming.
5	Over the years Silky's or The 'Chester as my friends and I call it (from Shaun of the Dead) has become our go to bar.  This is for few reasons.1.  The atmosphere and staff are exactly what we look for in a place.  Silky's balances the line between trendy, divy, and sporty all at once and actually pulls it off.  They have a few TVs which always is showing the big game and usually has good specials during Penguin and Steeler games. Silky's also boasts a shuffleboard table and darts to keep people busy and having fun.  The shuffleboard is a must to try.2.  The beer and food are grade A bar quality.  Nothing pretentious here, just good wings, a huge burger, and unique selections.  The beer list isn't huge, but they do carry a few microbrews and some of the local swill.  3.  No smoking.  Silky's in Bloomfield also has plenty of tables and bar stools and isn't over run with drunk yinzers it attracts a mix of college students, young professionals, and old dudes from the Bloomfield area.  If you're searching for a new bar to have some food, play some games, and drink a beer look no further than The 'Chester.
2	I've been here many times and I'll continue to come back.The good:  the drink specials are good.  the food is good.  the location is good.  the crowd it draws is good.The bad:  Dont come here if you are really hungry or in dire need of a drink bc the service has been CONSISTENTLY AWFUL.  Tonight, we sat outside and our waitress (Nikki) walked past us four times without making eye contact.  In fairness, I dont think it's an issue with the waitress being bad as much as they really need to hire more waitresses, bc it seemed like there was only one waitress for the entire restaurant.Our tabletop was sticky and so after waiting for 20 min for service I decided I really needed a drink and went inside.  The bartender (Olivia) did not want to serve me bc we were sitting outside.  "Your waitress will be right with you."  me:  "But you are here now, can I please have a Shocktop Wheat?"  "Ill tell the waitress."  me:  "Please may i just have my beer?"  She served me, but then the waitress walked up to me and was like, "Oh, I didn't see you, weren't you outside?"  If you didn't see me how would you notice I was outside?Its ok, I felt bad for her bc she was so busy but like--I'm easy to please.  All I needed was a beer.  I got one, so the waitress and I were then "cool."  She then proceeded to never come back to our table, but that's ok i think we pissed her off.This has been a common thread:  not enough waitstaff so you have to beg for your food or drinks when the wait staff does come by.  It's extremely frustrating.The time before last we were there we ordered food and the waitress told us that we could expect to wait over an hour bc they had a group of 15 come in.  We thought she was kidding, and had our beers, so we rolled with it but she was not kidding.  We waitied over an hour for our food and the waitress made no apologies.  Also, our friend came and ordered food before ours came out, and this was around 10:30.  after waiting and waiting and waiting we asked the waitress for an ETA on his burger, but it turned out she forgot to put it in, and hte kitchen had closed.The service sucks but what really sucks is the staff is never apologetic about it bc this place is a neighborhood bar w locals so they kind of dont care about apologizing bc they know you'll be back.But I come here bc like I said the food is ok, but you've got to come here and be very very patient.
4	i was there again tonight and it was so much better.  I really think the staff was overwhelmed on saturday.  food was good.  silkys has one of the best reubens in town.
5	This place is great for your standard neighborhood pub food. Time and time again my boyfriend and I try other places along Liberty Ave. since moving to the Bloomfield area. Too many times we've been disappointed and say..."Let's just go to Silky's next time." Recenty that has morphed into just going to Silky's when we want a simple but good meal. Their burgers are very good,  as are the salads, sandwiches and appetizers. And the specials are creative. Certainly it's not five-star dining, or anything remotely gourmet, but for the kind of food they do, they do very, very well. Burgers, sandwiches, salads, basic appetizers. Cozy atmosphere. Gets a little loud on Friday and Saturday nights after 9 or 10 p.m. when the college crowd rolls in, but it's tolerable. Two thumbs up.
4	I came here for dinner with some friends the other night and it was pretty fun. It was really quiet when we got there and there weren't too many people. It wasn't crowded at all... surprisingly. We all tried their pumpkin spice martini which is OUT OF THIS WORLD! I highly recommend it to everyone. It is so good! The food on the other hand is just your standard pub fare. It doesn't taste particularly better than any food you'd get at any other pub. It was just okay. I had a buffalo chicken wrap which was good. Our waitress was on top of things which was nice, but then again, how could you not be on a slow night without many tables right? Anyway, we had a fun time here. As for the food, I probably wouldn't go back JUST for the food. If I were meeting  a group of people here, I'd definitely come back, but on my own, maybe not.
5	Awesome wings and they're 50 cents during all Pen's games
4	My 2nd city.  And one of my favourite sports bars.TVs everywhere, great beer selection from the locals like East End to the harder to find in bars like Lagunitas.Oh and shuffleboard.  As far as I'm concerned no greater drinkin game.  Write that down .
4	Stopped by on a lazy Sunday afternoon for lunch.  French onion soup was delicious, steak salad was amazing as the steak was cooked ad seasoned perfectly, husband enjoyed his Rachel and the burger was also enjoyed.  Def give it a taste if you're in the neighborhood.
4	The only bad thing I can say is that the calamari rings need more sauce and more spice.The greens and feta on flat bread was delicious but the flat bread is plain, limp and superfluous.The burgers are large and covered in goodness.I asked for bacon instead of ham and I was rewarded with a fistful of mana atop my hand formed patty. The egg was a little over cooked and did not drip as I'd hoped.The beer selection is good.The TV's are a plenty.
4	I don't end up here often, but when I do, I'm never disappointed. Silky's Bloomfield has a great rotating selection of draft beers and their menu is surprisingly tasty. I say surprisingly, not because anything about the place would indicate otherwise, but simply because when a place feels more like a bar then a restaurant, I anticipate that I'll be served basic bar food. On the contrary, Silky's burgers are delicious and they have some non-standard fare like the Stuffed Peppers that are always crowd pleasers. The Bloomfield location has the additional benefit of some nice outdoor seating on the quieter end of Liberty Ave., indoor shuffleboard, good sports watching TVs, and a jukebox.There are lots of bars to choose from in Bloomfield, but Silky's makes a strong play to be your go-to neighborhood hangout.
3	They have an amazing on tap beer selection. Several small tvs. But if the Steelers aren't playing, they have old school pop music as the background noise, instead of another football game. I'm sure it's up to the bartender, but it just made for a weird vibe.
5	This is one of the coolest laid back bars to go to. It draws a little bit of an older crowd, so the atmosphere is chill and fun and provides a really good time. I'm a huge fan of drinking beers with friends and throwing darts, and with a few dart boards and a shuffleboard to boot this place is perfect. I've had food here a couple of times as well, and for bar food it's actually quite good. The location is perfect for sitting out on the tables right on Liberty and chatting with buddies as the cars go by.
4	I really like Silky's- it's a great little bar with a good two list. Last time I was there the southern tier 2xipa was on. So. Good. I had the Reuben and was so happy with it. Crispy buttery bread with corned beef and sauerkraut. The fries on the side were crispy and soft in the middle.I'll be back!
5	Excellent food! Excellent service! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great meal with great service.
3	good place for a quick Guinness, or grab a patio seatfood is good, their Rachael is worth ordering (to-go especially)A good neighborhood joint!
4	Huge portions of delicious American pub grub. The prices are reasonable, the food is tasty, and the service at the bar is always professional. Don't come here expecting fast food, it's all made fresh and is of good quality.
4	Silky's is my go to spot for a laid-back Friday night where you can have a few drinks and play some shuffle board without a crazy crowd. The place is never empty, but it's also never too full where you can't get a table. The crowd is a mixed bag, but like many bars in Pittsburgh, I've never felt out of place there.Silky's has a slightly above average tap list that often includes Southern Tier, Fat Heads, or Great Lakes. I have been disappointed several times when the tap list has changed but not the menu. I get my heart set on a beer, only to find out the keg has been tapped. No complaints though, there is always something else to try. I haven't had much food here, but the waffles fries are a great candidate for a late night bite.Silky's has several dart boards, and a shuffle board table along the window. If you get here early enough, you can get in a few shuffle board games before someone else takes a turn. When the weather is nice, the patio is a great option. There's potential for good people watching on Liberty Ave most days. However, asthmatics be forewarned, the bar is non-smoking, but the patio is not.
