5	This is my favorite Indian restaurant. The food has delicious flavors, the atmosphere is very unassuming, the prices are way too low, and the deserts are phenomenal.I haven't been, since I visited Montreal in 2005, but it was still just as good as when I lived there in 2002. I miss this place sorely.
5	LOVE this place. authentic, delicious, 100% vegetarian (and very vegan-friendly) Indian food. relaxed ambiance, great staff. they always give me a little extra rice or one of those peanut-butter balls to go with my restants.
4	I liked it. The food was good. They had really nice samosas. I would have to eat again to confirm 5 stars but the prices seemed right to me. Very nice.
4	Cheap, very good food. Veg' only.
4	Finally ate here. The sweets are bomb! The thali is great price. I didn't quite like the paneer it's not the way I'm used to it. But it is good here! The samosa hmmmm.....
5	Hands down best Indian food in Montreal for vegetarians. No matter how far away I have ended up living from Pushap I keep coming back here. There's a menu but most people just stick with the taly of the day with either the chickpea or lentil talys.  Ordering off the menu generally takes a lot longer to get the food.  If you go with the taly of the day, for about $7 you can get a huge meal (two talys, rice, salad, nan, dessert, and a chana samosa).  Best deal in town. Located close to the metro so its easy to get to. Service is generally very good. If you don't finish your food, you might get scolded and probably won't get your dessert. The owners are very friendly though and loyal to their repeat customers (I usually get a few extra sweets in my bag or extra helpings of chana samosa). A true gem in this city!
4	Very Very Good Food. Prices are Affordable, and the food has great value for the price. Not the best in the service department though but thats coool with me and the food works best for it. highly recommendable!!!
5	Great place. Quite affordable prices for very good food. A must for vegetarians.
5	Excellent Vegetarian food at the price of fast food. Try the amazing and ridiculously low priced tag take away samosas
4	Very nice vegetarian indian food. it's close to my job so I go there often and each time it's the same taste and quality. lunch specials are super cheat only $6.50, I must warn the people with sensitive stomachs that the foods can be quite oily and therefore feel heavy, so watch for that ;) Enjoy
4	Very good veggie restaurant.  They don't write down orders so you have to repeat sometimes - especially if you go with a big group.
4	Picked up some Samosa's and was tempted to some gulab jamum so I said "what the hell!".  I love how Pushap's wraps up their liquid containers ever so carefully with packing tape in such a "known" manner!   They obviously are very trained that there is no way you will get tamarind sauce all over your car when swerving to miss one of Montreal's finest potholes!  Prices here are ridiculously cheap and although not the best samosa's in the world great value!  I have only heard amazing things about the Thali! Never tried but one day I will!
4	The BEST and the cheapest samosas in Montreal! Hmmm delicious ! And it can be cool when you go to a party a bring those ones!In you have a big appetite it's the best place to have a meal : cheap, quick and delicious ;)
5	Hells yeah Pushap! You walk in and the FIRST thing you see is a glass display at the back that's filled to the brim with a gazillion amazing tiny sweets of varying colours, some dry, some damp with syrupy goodness. A full, vegetarian-only menu with tons of very reasonably priced options to choose from. But then again, the taly's cheap and filling and amazing as it is and the food's spicy and greasy. And in all likelihood, you'll be full up by the time you leave so you might have to take some of those sweet deserts to go.And though it's a bit far if you're a plateau-ite or some such, why not make an afternoon of it? Bring a backpack and stop by the Sally-Ann or some of the discount stores nearby? Find out when the Orange Julep is having a car show or bike up with a bunch of buds and go race on the hypodrome track and go urbanexplore the building.
5	Probably the one of the best Indian restaurants around Montreal. The location is obscure, the ambiance is nothing to rave about, but I've never had a bad meal here, like never. The servers are very attentive as well. Even the chai tea is worth raving about, and so are the samosas and the cheap vegetarian specials, I usually just get whatever the daily special is and I leave happy.
4	Pushap is a very good place to go if you want to enjoy authentic Punjabi vegetarian cuisine. I have tried Channa Pathoora, Samosas, Pakoras and almost every type of sweet they make and every one of these items was insanely delicious. If you are a first timer you can order a thali which comes with two dishes of your choice, chapati and rice. Although it should be enough but I was so hungry (or greedy) that I ordered a Channa Pathoora as backup as well. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Love the sweets and the samosas....... I find the place a bit too small. And although its small, its always busy there. I just have to go there every week to get some sweets and samosas. Can't get enough of it.
5	The BEST samosas I've ever had. And their sweet treats are out of this world!!!!!!! Don't get fooled by negative reviews. Some people just don't have a taste for good food!!!
5	We were on our way to a potluck party, ran out of time to cook, and didn't know what to bring... luckily we were near Pushap. We ordered 5 dozen of one of the finest samosas in town. If you have a craving for vegetarian indian cuisine or need to satisfy a need for indian sweets and are on a budget, this is the place to go! I mean where else can you find a dozen of samosas for $4.80?
3	Food is tasty and inexpensive. Service is horrible, they are understaffed, it is basically the husband & wife serving. If you look closely at the metal serving plates you ll see "ring around the collar", the same applies to the water pitchers. At least since the redecoration the place looks more appetizing than before but they need to scrub those plates properly !
4	Very busy, noise level can be loud, making it very difficult for the LONE server to hear what you've ordered;consequently, she'll just bring you what the rest of the group just ordered. We were a group of 12, so we ALL wound up with the same order, despite the fact that those sitting at the end of the table, CLEARLY stated we wanted naan, and NOT the fried bread. The thali was very good, albeit somewhat greasy (eggplant especially). The chai was OK, not exceptional, the plain, spiced tea not.  Service was SLOW, but then again, see above, but I suppose this is part of the reason why the prices are soo cheap & the crowd just keeps on coming. Overall, some of the best cheap Indian food I've had in the city, definitely worth the trip. Meat eaters, good luck; this place is strictly vegetarian
4	Vegetarian lovers!Busy on a Monday!Food was good and filling (veg samosa, thali "daily special", fried bread, mango juice and mango lassi)Took an assorted box of pastries home! :)Very cheap 25$ for 2Service friendly and waiter was helpfulKids friendly (made a special plate non-spicy)
4	What a great and local find!!You could easily eat here for $4 tops! Not only that but it's actually good, even really good!I gave my handyman some samosas and he loveddd them! Normally that wouldn't mean much but he also happened to be one of the chefs at Crudessence!The Thali is beyond great and the service is pretty fast. Overall, I'm really happy that Yelp pointed me in the direction of Pushap!
4	Pushap is the ultimate combination of cost, taste and service. No matter how busy they are, your food will come quickly, and it's always delicious. Recommendation: The daily thali (vegetarian plate) is $6.50 after tax. It comes with 3 "dishes," a naan, rice and coleslaw.
5	Went to Montreal for labour day weekend, our friend took us to this Gem of a place. the food is amazing and the prices unbelievable. The have very good Thali, but I would recommend ordering their main dishes. The quantity is just right and the price is around $4, you can order 4-5 different things and share with friends. I would have been ordering my food couple of times a week if I lived there. Even though the owner was short staffed that day and busy, the food came out pretty quick and fresh.
5	Very authentic Indian place. I would say it's the best Indian food I had for this price, maybe even for any price. The owner welcome us with her Indian accent English and served us very good food. We wanted to try some of their sweets after we finished dinner, she even gave some to us for free. Very worth going for!
5	Combo A for 4 people. Safe to say I got my moneys worth. Mango lassy was a perfect compliment. Lentil soup was cheap (1.50) and delicious.
4	My first visit to Montreal.  Firstly, I LOVE U MONTREAL.  We were staying at the crown plaza and the second to last night, we just wanted to get some warm food to go and relax in the hotel room.  That's when we came across Pushap on Yelp and I have to say, just amazing. Samosas: In my opinion, absolutely fantastic. They were not warm but yet, full of flavor.Paneer: truly felt home cooked. Cholle: again, fabulous. Just wished for a little onion and cilantro.Potato Sandi with green peas: this was my least favorite simply because I think there was no ingredient to tackle the fresh sweet peas and carrots.Chappati: amazingBatoora: fantastic flavor. On the oily side but hey, it is a fried item.When I come back to Montreal,  definitely coming here again.
4	Great food for affordable price.. Love there aloo tikki, palak paneer and dal.
4	It's a little embarrassing how often I'm here. In any case, this place carried me through several years of (broke) vegetarianism and has continued to be my favourite Indian joint in the city. I'm convinced that if you buy a delicious samosa or Indian sweet in this city, it likely comes from Pushap.I love this place so much that even the waitress, that I'm convinced hates me with every fiber of her being, is endearing.You gotta try it.
4	Spending a lot of my life in New Delhi, iam no stranger to punjabi cuisine which is one of my favorite north Indian cuisines. One of my favorite thing about this cuisine is its prevalance.. you would find little mom and pop stores selling freshly  made breads and piping hot sabzi for dirt cheap prices, scattered like crazy.Also, having spent considerable time in various parts of USA including New Jersey and New York I have come to expect specifics from any given Indian restaurant in USA or Canada. But I was pleasantly surprised in this case.I walked in to Pushap just because it was close to where i stayed in Montreal. The appearances are unassuming and the staff were really really busy.The food was striking in its simplicity and authenticity. It brought back memories of all the good times I had enjoying authentic punjabi food from road side dhabas of India. The flavors were just right with no excessive masalas thrown in and the breads were freshly baked/ fried.I ended up paying 15 bucks for a truck load of food 2 of us ate.
4	Good food,  extremely good value,  a little more spice than I can handle in dishes I wouldn't expect it from.Slightly disappointed as we had come up to try the naan and it's no longer on the menu. I'd have given five stars,  but we ordered rice and it never came.
4	Cute little family owned restaurant thats been around for a while. Extremely tasty, low price Indian food. You get the daily special for about 5 bucks which comes with naan. Grab a samosa too for sure. The food sometimes tastes a little greasy which I'm not always down with but its still great food.
3	I probably wouldn't have gone had I known it was vegetarian.   Everything was remarkably average.  Service was good and friendly.
5	When ordering their Combinations or Thali, I found there was not enough rice, but otherwise the food was fantastic!
4	Authentic Indian food that feels like you are eating in someone's home. I highly recommend this place. I'm usually hard to please with Indian food but this place truly impresses. I would have given it 5 stars if the service was faster. Only 1 server for a dozen tables (almost all full on a Monday night!!) was a bit much. The service was still friendly and helpful. Definitely worth the visit :)
5	Prices here can't be beat! Come hungry because while any individual item is a reasonable portion, everything is so good you won't want to leave any on your plate for silly reasons like being too full! Recommend paying the extra buck to choose your own combo. While I have yet to be disappointed by anything here, there's nothing like scratching the itch that only *insert your favourite dish here* can do. And ... If possible, save room for dessert.
4	Still an amazing place to come for Vegetarian Indian Food.  Their Thalli is flavourful, spicy and fragrant in Indian spices!  I came here and the guy working the counter didn't even ask me for a menu he just said do you want chick peas or lentils and fried or regular naan.  I did chick peas and fried naan.  It's one of my favourite lunches in Montreal!  They serve it with water. Didn't even ask if I wanted something else to drink!  Very simple yet the meal is delicious!  As always I took home some samosas, gulab jamun (coconut and regular) and they had some vegetable pakora this time so I went with half a pound!  Sure it's a fried un-healthy takeout but everything is devishly damn good!  Parking is quite difficult around the restaurant as it's only street parking in a busy neighbourhood.
4	Very small location and the place was packed from beginning to end. They had a wide variety of vegetarian plates to pick from and the prices were very affordable. I did not expect to walk out with a full stomach for what I had ordered.The only negative aspect was the service, although the waiter was very nice and polite, it took 15 minutes to get a menu and another 30 before he took my order.  It probably didn't help that he was the only working waiter to serve a house full of clients.4.5/5 Would go back
