3	After you go through Security in the Montreal airport, there are only two restaurants to choose from. Tim Hortons is good if you don't have much time and Moe's Deli & Bar is good if you want a sit-down restaurant.  I caught an earlier flight home today (12:15pm instead of 1:15pm) and still had an hour for lunch so I ate at Moe's.I sat by the window and got some work done (free WIFI).I've been to Moe's a few times and the food is good ... I've had a burger and chicken parm. I felt like something different today so ordered the jumbo smoked meat sandwich on rye and fries and a Diet Pepsi. They aren't kidding when they call it "jumbo"!  I hadn't had breakfast this morning so was hungry. I managed to eat most of the sandwich, a couple of the fries, and none of the pickle or coleslaw. It was good and I was quite full afterwards.The service wasn't the fastest, though, so I'm glad I had time. There were four servers and less than 20 people in the restaurant yet all the servers seemed to disappear for periods of time.
2	as mentioned this is one of the places to eat after clearing security for domestic and transfer border travel.   I stopped in today for breakfast and wow not a great start,  both knives on the table had caked on food..  see picture.   service is good and food is as expected.   this place is better for a snack and a couple beers in the afternoon.   If your looking for good food eat before you get to the airport..  otherwise this will do.   prices are not as crazy as some airports,  but expect a premium to be added on to prices because your at an airport.If someone from. This resto reviews this note id say work on the quality control and my future review of this location will improve.
2	Not a lot of options in this wing of the airport. Thought a deli might have some better quality/healthier options.  We were wrong.  There were very limited salad options. (house salad, Caesar salad, or salad with fish-most likely overcooked).  I opted for the Largo chicken sandwich thinking it sounded decent. The first bad sign was when I wasn't allowed to trade a bun for a baguette even though had it for other sandwiches. The only tea option was sweetened. My boyfriend went for the "traditional" smoked meat sandwich which was supposedly similar to pastrami.  In short, the food was crap.  The cheese looked and tasted like plastic.  The meat was some genetically altered glob.  It was one of those meals where you feel disgusting as you're eating, but are so hungry that you have to have a few more bites.
3	Had a layover in Montreal on my way to Calgary. We had a smoked meat sandwich ($12), a Canadian specialty that roughly translates to a corned beef on rye. Except the rye was lightly toasted. The meat was stacked high and tasted great. The Bloody Marys favored by my traveling companion and I were very odd. The outside of the glasses were caked in salt, and some of the salt must have lept into my drink because the bottom 1/3rd of the glass was not drinkable. Quel Dommage ! (what a pity). I did have the opportunity to dust off my High School French when I orderd "la meme chose"  (the same thing) as my buddy did- that was pretty cool and won me admiring stars from my traveling companions. I'll have to post the photos later, some kind of a network issue up here.....The place was pretty crowded for lunch, but considering we WERE in an airport (where people may be rushed to make a connection?) service was on the slow side.
1	Don't go for breakfast.  Slow.  Staff spends more time chatting with each other than taking care of customers.   Ordered breakfast. Had about half hour to catch flight. Paid.   Waited 20 minutes than they came black and told me they were out of something.  I sa there and watched three meals sit for 10 minutes before someone picked them up.  Horrible.   But as they say.  What choice do u have.
3	There aren't a lot of choices when you're waiting for a domestic flight at Montreal's Airport. Moe's isn't bad -- it's all pretty much fried bar food, but the friendly staff make it better.  The chicken fingers were quite tasty but the french fries were cold and rather repulsive. It's a convenient place to sit down and wait, though!
1	Breakfast is not very good. The potatoes are old and soggy. Sausages were dry.  I would not experiment too much here as they can't even get breakfast right.
3	I had lunch at Moe's Deli & Bar (it's after you've gone through Security).It was fairly busy.   I sat by the window and watched the planes take off and a snowplow.I ordered Moe's Club Sandwich with smoked meat.  It was yummy!  I'd ordered it with no lettuce or cole slaw ... but it came with them so I pulled them off and put them on the corner of my table.  My server left it there for a long long time, even after he took my plate away ... he finally took them away just before I left.The food was good ... the service not so much.  It was efficient but I felt like I was being rushed out.
1	There's no excuse for fake bacon bits on a salad, soggy un-toasted white bread for a smoked meat sandwich, or dry overdone chicken fingers. This food was simply bad.If you're waiting for a flight, go for a pre-made sandwich for a fraction of the price at one of the cafes. For our experience, Moe's was expensive and extremely disappointing.
2	food is ok. but if your getting take out be prepared to be waiting by entrance until it's ready 10 min usually. for some reason they don't allow you to sit and wait inside if your getting take out.
2	Oh dear.See those two stars up there? Those are for the stiff level of my cosmopolitan, which, I might point out, was served to me in a juice glass. Want more? I certainly did.All I wanted was mashed potatoes, but Moe's doesn't have those on their menu. I compromised and decided to get their grilled chicken breast with a baked potato instead. Unfortunately, my waiter informed me that they were out of potatoes. Also spaghetti. Well, ok then.I decided to just go with a Caesar salad with chicken on top. I did not have high hopes, but at least I would have veggies and protein to keep my body going. I continued to drink out of my hopelessly incorrect glassware while I waited for my meal. It eventually came and I instantly knew this would be a chore to eat. The lettuce was plentiful, which is pretty much the only nice thing I can say. The sauce was obviously bottled, and the chicken was in rubberized strips. I managed to eat half of them (the better half) before giving up and pushing them to the side. You would also think that a sixteen dollar salad would come with real bacon, wouldn't you? Haha! Think again!The bizarre ending to this meal of mediocrity? The waiter dropping by to slide Moist Towelettes across the table to me. I swear to you, this happened. Moist Towelettes for a Caesar salad. Two of them!Pity we who fly domestic in this airport. This is the only sit-down restaurant we have.
2	Yea it's airport food so there isn't much to say. However, I am one of those travelers that must eat and drink in a restaurant before boarding a plane. Dining before flying eases my stress by preparing my stomach and brain for coma mode.After dining here, my boyfriend quickly pointed out that our veggie pizza tasted like thawed tomatoes and broccoli spread across Ritz crackers. I pretty much agreed. The drinks were also watered down, and around $10 a pop.The staff was friendly so that warrants at least one star. Also, I am adding another because theoretically I would visit again if in the vicinity. Don't judge. The options are so limited!
1	I flew in from Moncton and had a four hour wait between connecting flights thanks to Air Canada who saw fit to cancel the later Moncton to Montreal flight, which I had originally booked. Point being, I decided to eat rather than wait until I touched down in Toronto, an error in judgement on my part.I have low expectations of airport restaurants in terms of the quality of food and value for money, yet Moe's managed to lower the bar further. I ordered the smoked meat platter which consisted of a steaming pile of unusually salty, rubbery smoked meat, bland freezer fries, a slice of pickle and a few slices of rye bread on a side plate. With a Ginger Ale, tax, and tip, the total was $22.22. A sandwich and tea combo at Timmie's for about $8 would have been a way better eating experience and value for money.The service was friendly and prompt.
2	I ate at Moes on the way home from a business trip.The service was efficient and moderately friendly. The food was OK, but nothing to write home about. I had an omelette, which was OK. For what I got the price was pretty high, but factoring in the airport premium it was still reasonable.If you eat there I would recommend that you pay in cash. I noted a slightly higher charge on my credit card account than what I signed for.Next time at YUL I'll go to Timmy instead, I guess.
5	Try coming here at 7 am. You'll get friendly service, fresh orange juice, and a delicious breakfast. I had the eggs Benedict and they subbed tomatoes instead of meat with no problem. The eggs were perfectly done!
3	Located in Trudeau Airport, right across from Gate 1.  Typical airport food but a lively place that is incredibly busy. I sat at the bar to have a bite to eat. A great spot to unwind before you jump on your flight.  Bartender Jessika takes care of everyone promptly and she is very friendly.  Don't go for a cheap well cooked dinner but if you want to have a quick bite and unwind in an airport...it works.
2	Why would you eggs Benedict on menu and you do not prepare poached eggs?   Another bad airport restaurant!
2	I just had the Montreal burger.  It was the driest beef burger I've had in a long time. Way over cooked. There was no flavor to the meat so I added ketchup and mustard.The gravy in my poutine was tasteless. The only good thing was the cheese.  I love poutine so I was pretty disappointed.  I also noticed that the girl sitting close to me made a comment about her poutine and was given a new one.I've had great Quebecois food in the past and this was a huge disappointment.
1	Terrible food and service.   I've tried it out twice.  Once for breakfast another time lunch.  Just say no and get a sandwich at one of the other places.  Eggs were overcooked first time and this time fries were cold and stale.  Not to mention the slow and unfriendly service.
2	Ordered a burger and fries here to-go at Moe's while we had a layover at Montreal airport. Menu is large and gives you a lot of options.  Service was pretty regular as I didn't have my meal within the confines of the restaurant. Fries were ok, burger was pretty bland and needed some salt.  Only thing good was that they cooked it and was ready between 5-10 minutes so I didn't have to wait too long.  Would probably try something else if I were at this airport waiting for my flight.
1	I think maybe having a captive audience plus no repeat customers has meant Moe's can fall flat on its face with no repercussions. We had a cheeseburger and fries and a smoked meat sandwich and fries, and surprise surprise - it was kind of gross airport food! Lucky for Moe, his joint's inside the security checkpoint. We should have gone to the Burger King before getting frisked and x-rayed - we would have saved about $30! Service was flawless and it was packed, so we tipped heavily.
2	I've been here for breakfast before and I've been here for lunch.  The service is ok I can't say I have any complaints about the service or the amount of time it takes to get seated.This time around I had ordered the Moe's club sandwich which is a Montreal smoked sandwich with bacon and lettuce, tomato etc.  The fries that came with it weren't that great and the sandwich was just ok.  I had wished the bacon was cooked a little more.  This place is one of the few sit down places in the airport so as far as choices go it's just one of the few.  As far as having a beer at a sit down place it's the only one I know but it's not like I've been throughout the YUL airport either.  This place I suppose gets by on the fact that they are one of if not the only place that you can get a sit down meal served to you in the airport hence it is packed regardless of the quality of the food.  There are much better places in Montreal that I had experienced on this 3 night trip alone.  It's a shame the one leaving town has to be one of the lesser quality meals.
1	Arrived at the airport hungry. I was excited to spot Moe's because I had heard of its good reputation in Montreal.After my party was seated and the menus tossed on the table, we were left to wait and wait and wait. Servers passed by. We closed the menus to let them know that we were ready to order. Nothing. More waiting. Nothing. Flight to catch. Nothing.Finally, after overcoming the embarrassment of marching out of the place defeated in our attempts to be served, we decided to leave. No one looked up or even seemed to notice.It is sad when places with good reputations expand too much or overextend themselves to the point of blatant disregard of customers. When it comes to Moe's... Never again.
