5	Yes! Another affordable fashion boutique has opened its doors! We can't have enough of these types of boutiques in Las Vegas, and Best Kept Secret Boutique sets itself apart in two ways: one, it's owned by a nineteen-year-old college student. That's pretty impressive! Two, it has its own unique sense of sophisticated style. Despite the youth of the owner, the featured fashion is quite sleek and refined. It has an almost east-coast appeal to it, while maintaining a Las Vegas urban sense. Cute. Affordable. Fun. You must add it to your shopping radar, even if you're over 20. You'll find pieces for the office and for date night.
5	This is the funnest little boutique.  I love my fashion and love when is packaged in such a small little inexpensive store! Thank you to the owners mom for her spot on recommendations!
5	I can't believe this place has been open over a year and I just found it! The clothes are super cute - party-girl clothes and some more relaxed stuff. A lot of it is the unique style you'd find at a place like Anthropologie. I bought 2 items and they were both made by small designers in LA that I had never heard of. Best of all is the price - shirts for $20, dresses for $40, and I didn't see anything much over that.It's located in the super-cute market at Tivoli Village, but unfortunately for me, that's on the other side of town.
5	I've lived in Summerlin for the past 15+ years. I also use to work at the first boutique that came to my area in the trails. Not only is boutique affordable, but Lauren and her family are incredible. They're extremely friendly and are more than helpful to everyone that walks into the boutique. I'm so happy this store is doing well and I really believe its got bigger and better things in store for the Trails and The Market LV. All of their clothes have more than one in each size and tons of variety. The prices are so affordable it's hard to not keep coming back. They also get new merchandise every week so nothing ever gets old. I also have to comment on the design and look of the store, it's very modern yet vintage and girly-- I absolutely love this store and would recommend it to anyone needing a last minute gift or outfit for the night.
5	I am absolutely THRILLED by this boutique. The clothing is beautiful, whats current, and priced perfectly. The three things I look for when shopping for cute pieces to fill in my wardrobe. The woman working there,I believe was the owner is young, beautiful and very helpful. I left feeling like I scored and can't wait to go back. Perfect shopping experience, quick, a total score and GREAT items.Located above that new little sandwich shop "The Market", head up there and see what you are missing!!
3	Love this little shop, its so convenient and the prices are great! They don't have as much selection as some bigger competitiors but they have cute little bracelets, rings and necklaces that are a big hit and have bought as gifts as well.  I mean I got two awesome owl necklaces - hooray! Now the clothing is arranged by color but again not as big a selection as a bigger competitor and once they are out of it, they might not get more and most likely don't have your size so get it when you see it! I am not a big fan of their clothing hence the missing stars. Their brands might be cheaper in price but I'm not a fan of the style nor the designs.  The customer service is excellent however and be careful at the register as they sell the best toffee in town in the gourmet flavors! I keep going back for the trinkets and will continue to do so as its so easy......even cute kid/teenager selection of them.
5	This boutique is great.  They have a cute and affordable selection of women's clothing and jewelry.  What you see is what you get, it's nice and quaint,  and if you need something to go to a BBQ or a night out on the town, then definitely stop here.  You'll be surprised what you might find for such a good price!
5	Really cute trendy clothes at great prices!  Staff super friendly.  I will totally be back soon!
