3	Blackhawk Hardware garden center is a nice place to browse through if you have a garden to put together. Here you will find beautiful fountains, cute and odd-shaped benches, exotic looking plants and great garden accessories like lanters and these cute little monkey looking greenery figures that hang from trees and plants (see photo for better explanation!) Adorable! You will notice when browsing that when you think you've seen it all, there is always more little areas, whether they be one step up toward the back or over on the side - these areas are set up like their own little gardens within the garden and they will give you great ideas for what your own garden could become. The staff here is very friendly and eager to help. Just watch out before you go falling in love with anything or mentally place it in your own little garden oasis, some of these prices will slap you right back down to reality.
3	It's like stepping into the garden of Adam and Eve.  Alright maybe not that spectacular, but the landscaping and beautiful greenery of Blackhawk is pretty astonishing.  Lillies and Hibiscus flowers dangle above your head and below your feet.  I loved the yard ornaments as well, very classy unlike what you would expect.  The large brass compass of the sun and the moon on top was gorgeous.  The aromas alone were a great step away from the smog and harshness of the city's smells.  I am going to come back here to get my Mom a present soon.  Or maybe I will get the fun mushroom ornaments and make my yard into Alice and Wonderland.  If you are looking for a place to decorate your upperclass home, this is it.
4	Blackhawk isn't just a hardware store; it's a Charlotte tradition. You'll read about it again and again in "Best of" polls for good reason. For one thing it's a remnant of an earlier time, although it's thoroughly modern, too. You walk in and there's the giant weigh scale (I won't go near it, but my grandmother was quick to step up well into her 80s) and the popcorn dispenser- help yourself to a scoop as you browse around. The staff- many who've been here since it opened in 1977 or shortly thereafter- are helpful and knowledgeable. The stuff- though- that's where it really gets interesting. There's a little bit of something for everyone. Looking for an odd-sized screw or some PVC pipe for your plumbing project? They've got it. How about a handblown glass hummingbird feeder? Check. Fertilizer? Check. A doormat? Check-a-roonie; there are hundreds to choose from- basic to high end monogrammed. Tervis tumblers? A bazillion cabinet hardware fixtures? Shower curtains? How about some Kilz for that paint project? Top it off with a monogrammed cup holder or decorative plant holder, and you begin to get the picture. In fact, if I had an elderly relative whose stamina prevented anything but one outing, I'd take her to Blackhawk Hardware. Although you seldom find the lowest prices here, you will find unique gifts, friendly folks, and a one-of-a-kind, relaxing shopping experience.
4	I recently fell in love with Blackhawk Hardware for several reasons. 1) It is right up the street from my house and next to my grocery store.  I love being able to get there in 2 minutes or even walk there (if needed).2) I was asked several times while there if I needed any help. Normally this would annoy me, but not at the hardware store. Inevitably, I always have a question about a product or a DIY solution, so it's nice to have the help available. Also, when you ask them a question, they actually know the answer and won't make up answers to get the sale (unlike the big (orange) box retailers that I am used to--"of course you can put this drain cleaner down your toilet, ma'am." (on the back, it says, DO NOT PUT DOWN TOILETS).)3) The variety of products available is really cool.  They have the usual hardware store kind of stuff, but also an extensive kitchen gadgets and linens section, pretty bathroom sets, a cards section, and a great garden section (and I assume in spring and summer this portion of the store is particularly awesome!)   I could spend a while in this store just wandering around and seeing what they have to offer.  The staff is really fantastic.  They even have a rewards card that you can use to add up I will definitely do all of my shopping here from now.
4	You need it? They have it! I haven't been to an ACE Hardware in a really long time; however, I recently visited Blackhawk and was amazed at the amount of products they have.The store is really huge and they offer everything from bathroom shower curtains, paint, gardening, to kitchen gadgets. They even offer popcorn as soon as you walk in. I easily get distracted in here because my eyes are constantly wandering to look at what else they carry...a bit overwhelming. My husband and I have a little running joke that if we can't find what we need at a store we go to Blackhawk and sure enough, there it is. I don't know why we just don't go there first...maybe that will change.The employees are very helpful! If they don't have what you need in stock, they will place an order and it'll arrive within a couple days. Like the old saying, "Ace is the place for me."
5	I just re-discovered my favorite hardware store.  If you've ever read the book Raving Fans, this is a perfect example of how to do it right.  Fresh popcorn while you walk around the store?  Sure!  Why?  Because they can.  There are always plenty of staff available to help you find what you're looking for and they have everything you can think of.  I dare you to try and shop here with a list of specific home improvement items you need and not leave with all of them.  It's impossible.
5	a great place to go when your big box stores don't carry something...this place has an incredible array of stuff, if you can't find something here you won't find it in Charlotte.....one thing tho, its not the cheapest place you'll ever go, but chances are you WILL find what you're looking for
5	This store is so much more than Hardware! Incredibly knowledgeable staff, and a fantastic selection of tools, housewares, and paints makes this the finest hardware store I've ever encountered.   Every time I shop there I am helped by employees that are happy to offer their expertise, and are always just a few steps away.  I love the smell of fresh popcorn as you enter, and the seemingly endless display of beautiful home decor items.  If you've never been to their garden center which is a few shops down to the right in the shopping center, you are really missing something incredible.  The selection of plants are top of the line, the garden accessories are beautiful and they have allowed me to return plants no questions asked if I didn't like the way they looked.   If you are ever looking for a present and are not sure what to get someone, browse Blackhawk for a little bit and you are sure to find too many ideas for just one occasion.
3	Neat yes, overpriced yes, love the packed in stuff everywhere but this place had lost me with Home Depot and Lowe's on South Blvd opening. Now any projects I'll run to the big boxes and save about 30 -50%. Still a neat place with knowledgeable staff.
4	If HomeGoods and Home Depot had a baby, Blackhawk Hardware would be it. Filled with just about anything and everything, this store can give you some serious ADD. One minute you're checking out a cabinet, the next dog toys, party gear and a second later - bath goods. It's certainly overwhelming yet really intriguing at the same time. If there's *anything* you need for your home, and I mean just about anything, they probably have it here. Staff members are super nice and make sure that you're finding everything just fine (and don't be afraid to ask - this place is big). Plus, the free popcorn when you walk in definitely doesn't hurt, either! This is definitely one of those places you must visit on Park Rd - if for no other reason that it's impressive, a bit odd, and really great all at the same time.
5	Hardware and home improvement stores are not my thing, you can usually find me sitting on a riding lawn mower reading magazines or sitting in the car. Billy had to run into Blackhawk for something quick, I sat in the car. One minute later, my phone rings, "you're going to want to come in." When you walk in, it seems like an old school five and dime. They have all your basic needs for gardening or hardware, but then there's so much more, cooking implements, cookie jars, aprons, tea pots and gadgets you simply can't live without. Their employees are available to say hello or help you find what you are looking for. Don't forget to help yourself to the fresh popcorn at the front door. It's a little bit like walking back in time, in a good way.
4	Bob Villa I am not so when I have to go to a hardware store, I gets a little intimidated. However, walking into Blackhawk instantly washes my apprehension away. Maybe it's the freakishly nice employees, good music or that every now and then I get a VIP parking spot right in front? Or maybe it's because of (as Nicole W said) "HomeGoods and Home Depot had a baby, Blackhawk Hardware would be it". So I can get nails then a colander and a martini mixer plus some free popcorn? Sold.
5	I love Blackhawk! Unbeatable service, large selection, quality goods, reasonable prices. And it's so clean! They have an awesome kitchen/cooking section with all sorts of hardware that you would need to cook any sort of meal. Don't even get me started on their garden center--it's fantastic! And the flowers/plants are ALWAYS in tremendous shape, and I've never had one die on me. I go here on my lunch break just to walk around their beautiful gardens. And these people know their plants! They give expert advice on how to care for the plants you buy and will remember your name the next time you're  there.This place always brings a smile to my face!
5	This Morning I was here shortly after they opened - No Popcorn!?!  This was a first!  Usually they do have freshly popped in there old-movie theather-style popper at the front of the store!  This place has so much CHARM!  The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable!
5	Oh wow! After I stepped in I thought, "Where am I again??" I stumbled into this place on a recent business trip to the area.The service is OUTSTANDING! I wish every store was like this. This is how you should feel when you go shopping. They also carry bowser dog beds and upcountry leashes/collars...wow! Psst, stop going to those other pet stores and come here!Awesome store! I spent way to much time in here!
4	Blackhawk is a long time Charlotte hardware store in the ever-so-retro Park Road Shopping Center. Blackhawk has everything one needs to live on this earth. My favorite department is the specialty parts area where I can find just about any small part to repair or build whatever I am attempting at the moment. Definitely go there after bypassing the big Orange or Blue stores. Give Local the business - you won't be disappointed (especially since there is an employee willing to help you about every 5 feet.)
5	There is a sign on the sliding doors that says "Recently Names World's Best Hardware Store!" (Or something along those lines.)  That statement is pretty darn accurate. The first thing you notice about this ACE is it's not like most ACE Hardware stores.  It's jam packed with all the tools and materials you need for home/garden improvement, but also with fun home knick-knacks like pink feather-trimmed plastic gloves, or bookends in the shape of terriers.  Yes, there is a free popcorn machine up front too! But what I love about BH is the service.  Unlike some mega-hardware stores (you know, the ones that begin with an H and end in "ome Depot") where you can never get someone to help you find a screwdriver without turning on a siren.  The folks who work at BH are knowledgeable, have worked at the store for awhile, and take time to assist.  Even if you didn't ask a question, there will be someone offering help.
1	I have always liked Blackhawk from my previous experiences.  However today I called them to see if they had a particular item I was looking for. the woman who answered the phone directed me to their kitchen dept.  a man answered, unfortunately I didn't get his name.  I asked about the item and he said he would check.  He came back on the line shortly and said yes, they did have the item and quoted me the price.  I drove down there only to be told that no, they don't carry this item and didn't know who I could have talked to.  Very disappointed.  20 mile round trip for nothing.
5	I don't much care one way or another about hardware stores - they're all the same, right? Well, I was on a search to find a rain barrel, and other local home improvement stores suggested Blackhawk, so while I was out and about... I swung in. This is not your average hardware store, in any way. With a fairly broad selection of everything from household decorations to an array of birdfeeders, it took me a few minutes to remember what I was even there for!After a little confusion in getting assistance ("Rain barrels? They're up front." So I went to the front of the store... where one was on display, but no pricing or other marketing materials. After asking at the front desk and waiting a few minutes, we were asked by another person if we could be assisted - and off we went on our merry way!), we managed to look at an array of options, settle on the best for our needs, with suggestions for how to set it up without having to shell out for additional items. Wow! They tried to SAVE me money? What craziness is that in the 21st century?!Once we were set up, they happily helped us get the barrel into the car, and I can't wait until I need to buy another, now.
5	Surprising that I've neglected to review this super hardware store as I've been here a handful of times. Each visit is a customer-service dream as there are always knowledgeable associates on hand to answer questions and provide direction. It's a very large store and I haven't quite figured out their organization system, but once you're in the right area there is a great selection of everything.I needed a knife sharpener. Got it. Replacement water filter? Got it. D-rings for wall-mounting paintings? Got 'em. Rotating fan? Got it. I couldn't think of anything that they didn't actually have here!Why go to Lowes or Home Depot when there's this great, award-winning store?
5	Love this place! Free popcorn, awesome selection. They are a little pricey, but I would rather pay more the go here every time. Be sure to check out their 'secret' garden store behind back.
5	Forget the popcorn; if you have a problem this should be your go to place. They are very helpful. I had a plumbing problem and they took the time to drill out a stop on a $0.99 fitting to solve my issue. No extra charge and all done with a smile, you can't beat this service.In addition they have a great selection of pulls, hinges and other hardware for cabinets and doors. If they don't have it they will tell you who does. I use to think their prices were a bit more than the box stores but I have since bought a Weber grill there and I think I saved a few dollars over the box stores. Great place and it is near Suarez for pastries.
5	Blackhawk Hardware is a super cool place to experience. It's a Hardware store, gift shop, pet supply store, cooking and wine shop all in one. Or better yet, it's the LOVE CHILD of a Marshalls Home Goods Store and a Lowes Home Improvement Store. You name it and they most likely carry it. There is Staff literally around every corner and the best part, they are polite, professional and KNOWLEDGEABLE. Wow what a concept. The day I was there I made an impulse purchase, Conversation Cards which might I add have been a huge hit at our dinner table. I also indulged in the complimentary freshly popped popcorn. YUMMO!So go check out Blackhawk you will have a great time I promise.
5	The nicest, most helpful  people work here. Go, spend an hour browsing and you'll meet a dozen of them.If I had the choice to have ANY store near my home, it would be this remarkable store. When I retire, I want to move to Charlotte and work here.
5	You know, I don't have a huge need for gardening equipment or replacement blades for my lawnmower, or a new chainsaw on the regular, but Blackhawk is an experience to be had...even if you just need a roll of tape or a box of nails. Park Road Shopping Center isn't the most glamorous place, but it's been around since the 50's and has a lot of character. Original brick, odd layout, old signage and all. Blackhawk is definitely the gem of this place. I recently needed a 500 watt halogen lamp for a photography project, and low and behold, both major hardware stores didn't have the one I needed in stock. Called up Blackhawk, and they had several. Walked in, greeted by a nice man, lead to the section, pointed out the options, went to the check-out counter, the woman greeted us and asked our names just as a gesture. THAT, ladies and gents, is how old fashioned customer service is done. I'm perfectly capable of helping myself, but these folks take a step further to make you just feel welcomed. Even if you don't want or need their help, they care about YOU. Just YOU. Not how much you spend. They also offered us free popcorn. Um, hell yes? Who doesn't want free popcorn? It's darn good popcorn, too. If I need something small for a project again, these guys are my go-to. Everytime. Here, here, to Blackhawk Hardware!
5	There are many things to love about Blackhawk Hardware - not the least of which is the free popcorn. And that you can find almost anything within. While they are not a Mast General Store, it is not hard to imagine that they could be seen as such if you give them a hundred years or so.Unfortunately (for them), there is plenty of competition in the form of just about every kind. You can find most hardware and home-type supplies all around, from your home improvement stores to Wal-Mart. Many of these stops are cheaper. But you don't get free popcorn.The staff at those locations has nothing on Blackhawk, but then do you really care if you are picking up a handful of screws? Generally, no. But there are times when it matters, and on those times it will make a difference. The other times, it is sad to say, but you'll probably end up going elsewhere, just because it's easier and not worth the headache of getting across town and dealing with the traffic in the shopping center for a $0.79 bag of screws.
5	Love, love, love this store. I could spend hours just walking around and browsing.. at a hardware store! The employees are very helpful and they take time to explain gardening, soil ph, and tips for making your yard look gorgeous. AND the free popcorn doesn't hurt :)
2	Yeah this place has everything u need or don't, but look at the quality of things esp. housewares and kitchen.  Evrything you see is 3x the price online or anywhere else.  Customer service is fine but should be at this cost, and don't get me started on the garden center...If this wasn't in MP it wouldn't last...
5	Blackhawk is a great place to go if you need something, but you're not quite sure what it is. The employees are super helpful!The only downside is that some of their stuff is pretty expensive but you find some good deals at the same time. I have a problem where I go in looking for one thing, and leaving with lots of other things that I find out that I needed. I went here for almost a year before I caved and got the popcorn, good luck if anyone can resist it for longer than that. It is delicious.
5	Oh man... Blackhawk Hardware offers so much more than your typical Ace hardware store (of which they are affiliated with). Sure they have tools and garden stuff, but they also have tons of home goods and unique gift ideas. Grab a *free* bag of fresh popped popcorn and start cruising the aisles. Every single employee I encountered  was cheery and helpful. I found a bunch of stuff that I usually only find on Amazon. The prices may seem a little high, but shop local son!
5	Upscale hardware store. I got some gorgeous Christmas ornaments here as well as other things like a beautiful shower curtain, bathroom accessories and a Green Egg Grill! Yes they are a Green Egg dealer! Love this place. You must visit. It's more of an experience than anything.
4	This place has everything.  I stopped in to check out the grill accessories and found so much more.  When you walk in they have a popcorn machine for you to enjoy a treat while you shop and the smell kind of gets you in the mood, you know?The staff at Blackhawk are extremely helpful.  I could walk 10 feet without someone asking me if I needed help.  It was very nice.  I tend to wander so it was nice to have someone to point me in the right direction.Prices were high, on just about everything I looked at but considering the neighborhood and the clientele, the place obviously does ok.
5	Only lived in NC for 10months but this place was a great enough reason to drive from Concord. Amazing selection of EVERYTHING with that olde tyme  feel.  Going back to NC in a few months, my flight gets in at 8am and I'm heading straight for Park Rd.
1	Horrible customer service. Just awful. I ordered an item online and had it shipped to the store. I never received a call letting me know my order had arrived, so I called to check. The person who answered informed me (without taking my name or checking for my order) that I would receive a call when my order arrived, and then hung up on me. I waited a few days and still no call. Called back to check, it still wasn't there, I spent an hour on the phone while they looked for it and called various other people, and was hung up on twice and had to call back. Still no order. Now it's been a month. I called the online customer support to have a replacement sent to me. They waste another week telling me they are researching my issue. I finally call back and tell them to just give me a refund. They put me on hold for 5 minutes and come back to tell me they've found my order in the store, and do I want it? Seriously? Needless to say at this point I took the refund and ordered the same exact item from Amazon. It was on my doorstep in two days. I wouldn't shop here if there was an apocalypse and this store was the only thing between me and certain death.
1	Everything in this store is over priced by at least 30%.  I could have died in the garden center and still would not gotten any attention.  I walked around for about 20 minutes and passed several staff members that we talking to one another and not the customers.  Not one of them said hi, can I help you, or anything else. I did end up interrupting their conversation to ask about a plant that was not tagged.  The lady told me she did not think it was not for sale!?!? It's a plant in a pot in a garden center..  WTF?!?
4	What a great hardware store!  Very helpful employees also.
5	I love this entire store but especially the garden center.  This is what I love about it:1.  Great selection of plants and unique accessories I don't see at Lowe's, Home Depot, etc.2.  Well staffed (really easy to find someone to help, never wait in line behind more than 2 people).3.  Everyone is so friendly and knowledgeable - during my last visit I learned about the difference between garden soil and potting soil.  I also learned about the importance of using a coco (spelling?) liner at the bottom of the pot.4.  Employees go above and beyond - on my most recent visit one employee checked the storage room for a specific pot, the other carried everything (really big, heavy items) to my car.  Things like this happen every time I go.Much better than the big box stores.  It's about 20 minutes away from my house but it's worth the drive :)
5	I love shopping here.  Granted, it's a little more expensive than shopping at the big chains, but the experience is worth it.  The service is above and beyond.  So many friendly employees with actual knowledge about the products!  They also carry Benjamin Moore paint, unlike some of the big chain stores.I have made it a point to go out of my way to shop here.  I found it through a coupon they sent when I first moved into my apartment in SouthPark for $10 off a purchase and a free key copy.  I've really only shopped here for paint, but they have lots of other handy items for home improvement, gardening, even home decor.  Also, a nice clearance section if you are a bargain hunter like me.
1	Unfortunately we came on the wrong day and they were out of the gallon sized acid product we needed (around $8.99 for the gallon). When we asked if we could by 4 of the $4.99 quarts for the gallon price, the assistant manager absolutely refused, saying he'd lose money if he did that. We would have had to pay $20 for $8.99 worth. They are usually very high priced in every area, anyway, although I love the cool stuff you can find there. Needless to say, we left not buying anything, and went over to Little Hardware and got a gallon for $4.97.
5	Blackhawk Hardware is the local neighborhood hardware stores that has all the nuts, bolts, odd and end, thingy you could ever look for.This is not the chain store that your going to find lumber at but more of a place where your looking for an off side nut or bolt, a different type of faucet figure or something that those "other guys" don't have.This is also the place to go if you have a Boy Scout/Cub Scout and you need to build a pine wood derby car. They have all the fix-ens that you would need for your car. The rest is up to your creativity.Sales folks are friendly if you can't find something, ask, since you probably walked right  by it.And while your at it... meet a couple of you neighbors while your shopping.Oh yea, The nice part. These folks are dog friendly.
5	I live down the street from this store and I look for excuses to go in it. They not only have everything, including fresh popcorn, but the staff there are some of the most friendly, helpful people I have ever come across! Love this place.
4	If you are looking for the coolest kitchen gadgets, bathroom accessories, items to fix random problems in your house, etc then this the THE place to go. They also have a huge selection of Christmas ornaments and gifts. You also get free popcorn to eat while you walk around. Great for kids. I am only giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because the bathroom is ridiculously tiny and outdated and has no place to change a baby.
3	Mixed review for this store. I love the fact that it's got a large selection of odds and ends. Christmas stuff is off the hook!  Amazing hardware area that really appeals to those of us that own older homes. We went looking for a tiny little spring for an interior door mechanism and found a wall full of springs, yay for us (boo for Lowe's).  Good for wandering aimlessly too.Now for the bad. I believe  this is an Ace franchise which is totally okay in my book but they don't advertise that fact so if you have an Ace card, you have to present it cause mostly they don't ask. The prices are retarded. 14 dollars for a single plastic Christmas ornament. I get it, store is in South End/park but really the prices are rediculous.
5	Still awesome with everything you want and more that you didn't know you needed. It's not as much selection as the big boxes but there is more help here from knowledgeable folks.Nice area for pet supplies including dog leashes and treats. Big furniture department and lots of stuff for organizing.I enjoy shopping here!
