5	Dr. Carrie exudes friendliness and you can tell she LOVES her job. I totally appreciate the sterile and clean environment while keeping it warm and friendly. Love that there are 2 waiting rooms, one for sick kids and one for well kids. A nurse line you can call for those non-emergency questions.  Overall caring environment.
5	Dr. Carrie and Dr. Lee are the bomb. I was referred to this office by a random meeting of a nurse in line at Costco. She was spot on. They both are so great with kids and genuinely seem to care about what's best for all involved. Like the previous reviewer said they have 2 waiting rooms (one for the sickies and one for the well kids). The atmosphere is cheery and inviting (which is key for little ones who are about to get shots). The staff is very friendly and accommodating (My boy needed to go to the doctor today for a sore throat and they got him in at 10:30am). As long as I am living in the Vegas valley...Dr. Carrie and crew will be taking care of my kids medical needs :)
5	Thank you, Dr. Carrie!  Our past experience with all the pediatricians here in Vegas has been so horrible that it's so refreshing to find you so energetic, happy and knowledgeable!  Keep up the great service!
4	I really like Dr. Carrie. She puts up with my son being sorta crazy and making balloons with the latex gloves.She is very friendly and you do not feel like she rushes you. And the nurses are quick with the shots which is great and which others mom who have been there can relate to why this is a good thing! She isn't in to no vax but she did let me delay the MMR when I wanted to for a little bit without a hassle.She doesn't go to St. Martin to see Newborns which is a bummer but she gives names of Dr.s she knows who do which is nice!
5	The Charlie's Angels of pediatricians, Carrie Wijesinghe, Charlotte Lee and Lisa Glasser make taking my kids to the doctor as great as an experience as it can be!  I was first referred to Dr. Carrie by a friend who is a pediatric RN at St. Rose Siena.  I felt her referral was more relevant since she had worked with Dr. Carrie as a peer and not just as a parent.  The referral did not fail me.  I have since moved away from Henderson, but still take my kids to Siena Pediatrics even though i have to drive 25 minutes each way.
5	Dr Carrie is amazing. She is everything you should expect from a pediatrician: calm, friendly, knowledgeable, and listens.Here staff is also great, we've never waited more than 20 minutes for our appointments and you can tell when you walk in they don't want to keep you waiting. Always expect a courtesy reminder calls the business day before your appointment :)The waiting room and rooms are brightly painted with murals, clean, roomy, and don't have that "medical" overtone that can be a bit overwhelming/intimidating.
3	Nice office so far! I was happy with the Doctor Lillie.. but bothered that they knew my son was starting school the next day and gave him 2 vaccines in each leg and didnt tell me he would be in so much pain he couldnt walk... I was a stressed out mess for his first day of Pre school... had i known i would of spread out his shots!! Getting no heads up on the shots when its your first and only child was a bit upsetting.....
3	I am usually very generous with my ratings but I had a horrible first experience with this practice. I had set up a prenatal appointment with Dr Carey and the soonest they had was about 2 weeks out, so I scheduled it, got the confirmation message the day before reminding me of my appointment, and then I show up at the office and the girl at the front says, oh we left you a message yesterday and this morning to reschedule because Dr. Carey won't be in today. I informed her that I did not receive any such message, and she speaks to her co-worker and turns out the associate that was supposed to call and reschedule me didn't do it. I understand things happen, and especially at a pediatric practice but she didn't really even apologize or try to find a solution. Instead she just says "well I don't know Dr. Carey's schedule for the next two weeks so I'll have to call you to reschedule". This is absolutely ridiculous. First off, I am due any day so the whole point of me waiting that 2 weeks to get in to see her and establish her as my doctor was so that this would be taken care of before I have the baby. Secondly, how is this kind of customer service acceptable? I have read nothing but great things about the Dr, but unfortunately the staff is a huge representation of the physician. I have still yet to hear back from the office to reschedule my appointment, so I am instead going to find another pediatrician who's office staff is polite, professional, and treat people and their time with respect.I updated this review due to the fact that office rescheduled me, (because I called them and reminded them they hadn't done so yet) and I just saw Dr. Carey today and she is awesome. Such a nice lady, really took her time with me and I will be coming back here when my baby is born/ The front office is something to be desired, especially at a pediatric office but Dr Carey is worth the first bad experience.
5	There are so many wonderful things to say about this practice. First, let me begin with how I learned about this office. My husband and I took a baby class as we are first time parents and were extremely nervous, excited, inexperienced and overwhelmed with the thought of bringing home our son. During the class the nurse (instructor) asked us if we has chosen a pediatrician; we had not. A few people in the class had mentioned Siena pediatrics and how they knew immediately after meeting Dr. Carrie and her staff this office was for them. The instructor began to rave about how caring Dr. Carrie is and how she actually use to sit in on the baby class after working a full day just to answer any questions new, frightened parents may have. I knew I had to meet her.     I'm extremely close with my parents and they are very involved in my life in all aspects. How could I not bring them along with me? There I was 9 months pregnant sitting in a room looking at a mural of sea creatures and thinking this is such an important meeting! The next 18 years of my sons life in healthy or sick times was dependent upon my initial, maternal reaction. I looked at my mother who was echoing my sentiments. My dad was busy gathering all the packets of everything having to do with what children could have: allergies, colds, immunizations etc. Then my Jerry McGuire moment happened! She opened the door and had the most warm and inviting smile. I knew then. Just like when you try on the dress and you just know. We talked a lot. I felt like I was the only person in the office. She answered all of my questions: breast feeding vs bottle, immunizations, how she got into the field, her medical schooling etc. She even hugged me before she left! I knew this was going to be my son's Dr. It only solidified my feelings when both of my parents raved about how much they loved her personality and knowledge when we got in the car.     My son just turned 10 months and I have to say I enjoy going to this office for his well checks and even when he sometimes is not so well. My son had horrible eczema when he was 4 months old. It was so bad he began bleeding from scratching himself. I brought him into Dr. Carrie and she immediately knew he was allergic to something and this was more than just infant eczema. She ordered a blood test and although it was not the most fun to watch your 5 month old baby get pricked with needles I knew it had to be done. One week later and her nurse called to let me know my son is allergic to eggs and peanuts. I cannot tell you how shocked/relieved I was to know what was causing his reactions. Since gaining this information and refraining from eating anything that contains either of those ingredients my son's skin is perfect again like a baby's should be. I was so grateful to have her recommend the blood work because now we know to avoid that until hopefully he outgrows it.      Each visit I feel more comfortable with Dr. Carrie and her staff. I brought my son in two weeks ago for a little cold and saw the newest member to her practice Dr. Reema. Again, I left feeling a sense of calm. She spent so much time in the room with my son and was so extremely attentive to his needs. She could not have been kinder to us and gave me specific instructions of how to take care of him since this was the first time in 10 months he has ever been sick. Love, love, loved her!     To sum up my long but very important review, know these Dr.'s are so absolutely wonderful, caring, and educated. I definitely without a doubt recommend this practice to everyone I meet that is looking for a great pediatrician.
5	Unlike other reviewers said, with me, they have always answered their phones promptly and the front desk ladies are always very friendly. The entire staff so far has been great. My baby is seen by doctor Lillie, and she's awesome, she's very nice and helpful and doesn't mind answering all the questions I always have for her. I also never have to wait in the waiting room for too long, which is great.
1	Don't have anything nice to say about this practice. We have been with them for over 2 years and the service and quality of people that work there has decreased tremendously. Front of the house staff are incredibly rude, unhelpful and uncaring. You shouldn't really be working in an office that deals with parents and children all day if you aren't going to be able to put on a smile and be nice!!
3	We decided on this practice since we delivered at St Rose across the street and Dr Lillie was the one doing rounds. I really liked her and she seemed to be genuinely interesting in my son and even  how I was doing. We say them again 4 days later to establish our care. My son is now 15 weeks. I have mixed feelings here.-Dr Lillie, Dr Rema and their nurse Dr Randi are all total sweethearts who always take their time with us first time parents. They talk to us like human beings and show concern. They never look at as us like we are stupid when we ask questions since they understand how new parents can be.-Even with sick kids with grubby little hands, this place is always clean even without the stench of bleach. It is always organized too.-We have never had to wait too long after our scheduled appointment. Maybe only 20 minutes at most and we always come later, so I kind of expect them to run behind. -Their front desk ladies have zero personality. Never smile, never greet you, never have any pep in their voice. How can you not be happy looking at adorable babies all day? Wanna be a crabass, go work somewhere else. Don't ruin my new mommy glow.-My son had a cold with cough and congestion at 2 months and they still gave him his 3 shots since he didn't have a fever. They said it should last about 10 days max. 2 weeks later I went back since it just got worse. They did an RSV test which was negative and sent us home. A week later we went back again and they finally gave us a prescription. They put my son on penicillin, but I was concerned since I am VERY allergic to it. They said that we won't know if he is allergic until we give it to him and that the allergy isn't genetic. That just didn't sit well with me. Here it is 10 days later and he still is somewhat congested, but is getting better. No reactions, so i guess I worried for nothing, but with good cause. They also were able to get us in the same day when we called.I will continue to see them since I do love their doctors. I just wish that they would get someone nice up front.
2	This pediatrician's office is decent but extremely busy, so often you feel that you spend little time with the doctor and the doctor spends little time examining the baby or asking questions.  The wait time is good.  You are seen relatively quickly and the vaccines are done quickly, but for some reason our baby is extremely traumatized by the whole process.  My biggest complaint would be the bill.  They charge over a thousand dollars for vaccines to insurance, and that includes multiple injection fees when the baby was only injected twice.  They seem to pad the bill excessively, and think nothing of it because it gets billed to insurance,  the problem is we still end up paying quite a bit of that and this is the unethical practice that causes insurance premiums to go up.  If I can find someone better I may not be coming back to this clinic.
4	Friendly nurses and doctors. I have been coming here since my son was born and have never really had many issues. Once or twice the doctor did make it feel rushed or unimportant, and several times I've had issues getting ahold of someone in the office when I call, but overall this is a nice place to take your children.
5	Dr. Carrie is amazing. I'm almost always able to get in same-day for sick appointments. Very clean office, has a well side and the sick side so your kids don't get sick when their there for their well check. Very organized and unlike some other pediatricians offices, I've never had a problem with billing. I did a lot of research on pediatricians before choosing Dr. Carrie, I even went and interviewed three or four different pediatricians. With my first child I actually ended up going with a different pediatrician because Dr. Carrie only takes one insurance and doesn't do circumcisions herself. I liked my previous pediatrician but their office is always so disorganized and I always waited for a very very long time. To me it is worth paying a co-pay and having an amazing pediatrician who is available to me pretty much 24/7.
5	Unlike the other I've only had great experiences here, ally adores dr. Carrie. She's very sweet, listens and respects our decisions we make with our lil girl. They also have a overnight nurse phone service, which is great for when u need questions about your LO. I'd deff recommend any one to come here
5	I love Dr Lillie and Dr Carrie. My daughter is almost 2 and she loves both of them as well. Of coarse that may change once she gets a little older and really starts to understand what it means to go the Doctor. Both Dr's really take the time to understand your concerns and have a genuine love of children, which obviously is important when your whole career is devoted to just that! The front office staff don't seem as happy with their jobs, but i have not had a bad experience for which i can really complain about. All and all i am happy that i was recommended to bring my daughter here and i would be happy to recommend them to any of my family and friends!
2	I like the doctors but if you need to get in soon, forget it. Always difficult to get a simple appointment. Almost impossible to get someone on the phone. For this reason I give a low rating. They also billed my insurance with an incorrect code that was a 20.00 charge for a weight check visit and I got charged a 30.00 copay from them... When there wasn't supposed to be a copay. Considering changing pediatricians for this reason
1	Dr Lillie is TERRIBLE!  She does not listen and she does not explain things.  She acts like you are stupid.  DO NOT come to this practice.  They do not treat patients like people.  The front staff people are rude.  The wait time is not so long, but what is the purpose of short wait time if the front staff are mean to you and the doctor is mean too.
1	Doctors are "eh".  The biggest problem is the front desk and billing areas.  Rude people.  Final straw was being overcharged for parts of a visit by two of my kids for services never received.   Even standing there in person with proof of error did not help.  And you wont get any satisfaction from the big, fat, black lady in billing.  The Peter Principle is alive and well here.  Save yourself some grief and go to a better place that deserves your business cause this isnt one of them.
1	I could go on and on, but since this isn't the place for a "rant"-- I'll get straight to the point... If you enjoy difficulties getting an appointment, waiting 40 minutes to an hour, and want to worry about how many minutes you are in the room with the doctor (because you will be charged approximately $200 extra if she decides to chit chat), then Siena Pediatrics is the place for you!
5	Love this place. We've been coming here for over 10 years for my Littles ones. All the Dr's & nurses here are super friendly. They really do know how to make my babies feel better when they're not feeling well. Call first thing in the morning at 8 am for same day sick appointments. They are really good at giving your sick ones same day appointments if you call early.
4	Pretty good.. Everyone was friendly.. Dr. Carrie was very nice.. only thing is that they were suppose to send me a referral for a cardiologist.. I called them to get the info, and they said they would call me in a couple days, its been over week and nothing.. I'll try again..
