5	We checked out Masterscapes on Angie's list & decided to use them because they had good reviews & it made me feel better knowing that they were a business that I could hopefully trust. We were not disappointed. Troy came out to our home and gave us some amazing ideas for our backyard! He really is a nice guy & he took us to a job Masterscapes had previously done....it was jaw-dropping...so beautiful. But since we didn't have the same budget as that homeowner, Troy designed a backyard retreat with beautiful hardscapes in our budget and it was better than we could have imagined!!! Troy & another superviser regularly stopped by to check on the progress of our work! And whenever we spoke to someone in the office whether we called them or they called us they were always so pleasant & nice! Thank you Masterscapes for our beautiful backyard retreat!!! We could not be happier and we would definitely use them again!!!
1	Very disappointed in their work and professionalism.  Hired them to put in a flagstone patio, sprinklers, lawn, and plants to produce an "English Garden" affect in an 800sf fenced-in area of our yard.  The patio that was installed slopes toward the house (against code), so any water from sprinklers, rain or hose pools directly in front of the patio door.  Large puddles have to be jumped over to get in and out of the house, the dog has to walk through puddles when going in and out.  Extremely annoying and damaging to the house.  Old sprinkler line to the rest of the yard was broken during the landscaping process and not repaired. New sprinkler line has recessed heads which do not rise above the grass and therefore do not sprinkle, but pool water around the heads.  Several ivy plants and lilies were planted in areas that receive direct sun, and promptly died as soon as the weather got hot.  I provided a few other varieties of plants which are growing nicely, but the majority of their plants have died.  The guys in charge of the project were very agreeable and nice, but the completed job was very unprofessional and over-priced.  When the issues were brought to their attention, they indicated they would take care of them, but they did not.  I would not use them again, nor would I recommend them to anyone.
2	Mike came out to give me a quote.  We go to the area I wanted the synthetic grass installed.  Mike proceeded to walk off the square footage by walking heel to toe (no measuring tape).  He gave me a price and I asked to see samples of the grass.  Mike said he didn't have any samples.  So he was about $700 hire than my other bids and I couldn't even see the product I would be purchasing. Mike said cheapest isn't always best.  I totally agree, but most expensive isn't always best either.
2	We will be short and to the point.  If we could do this all over again, we would select another landscape company.  While the synthetic grass looks good,  there were many other things that we had problems with.  Mainly, getting tree's replaced after they died for 3rd time.  After months of frustration  calling, sending photo's, waiting for call backs, they FINALLY replaced 3 small palms (2nd time around).  We were advised that they will not replace these again.  The warranty policy was "thought up" along the way.  These tree's are so inexpensive and we had to "wait" until the crew was on "our side of town".   We also had our existing palms replanted to a different area of the yard. The "Arborist" said they would do that but they would probably die and not be covered under warranty.  The transplanted palms are doing super on the palms they replaced died.  Go figure! Here are a few thought to share IF you decide to go with this company:- Know what you want to plant and where before the initial visit- don't let them them make your mind for you - it's a personal choice - not the choice of the "Arborist".  If you want advice - you will be sure to get it.  - Our $9,500 job seemed like small beans to this company - we felt that during the entire project. - Pass on letting them do the professional light installation.  We knew more about our options then they did - this was $1200 of the cost, and we did all the research.Bottom line - not a good overall experience.  The crews that actually did the work were good - I don't want to leave them out.We did get several estimates, they were all pretty close - keep this in mind if you are making any final decisions.  Customer service and attitude all all important parts of an estimate to us.  I wish we could say we rated highly on all 3 - but we can't.
