3	I had read about Sadie's a while back, and figured that we needed to check it out.  I might not be a true Southerner, but I'm getting there, having lived in the South for going on twenty years now.  I can enjoy some Soul Food with the best of them.The big problem that I have is that Sadie's, as much as the name would indicate and people would like to believe, doesn't really hit me as soul food.Yes, Tamara (Sadie was her grandmother) serves chicken and waffles.  But the waffles are sweet potato waffles with cinnamon and other spices (you do get these with chicken wings).  The waffles are served with pre-packaged butter and syrup, on paper plates with plastic utensils.  I don't mind that they use those, but rather than tossing the butter and syrup on the table, get a bottle of Aunt Jemima's and a nice dispenser.  Even better, buy some maple syrup from Cracker Barrel.  The Food Detectives showed how much presentation can change things, and it would make a huge difference here.Another thing is the menu itself.  There are items like red beans and rice and fried corn on the cob (which is excellent - at least as good as R&R in Concord).  But they also have a quesadilla.  Since when is that soul food?  It's not that it's bad, either.  In fact, it might be the best thing on the menu, which just makes matters worse.Sadie's does have some good tea (not quite as sweet as my granny's, but good), and overall the experience is solid.  But it's not great.  The main problem, other than the menu issues above, was service.  They might have been missing some staff or something, but service was SLOW.  When we came in, it took several minutes to even be greeted.  It was a long time after that to receive drinks, and we received our appetizer (the quesadilla) just as we were about to give up.  Our dinner came just a minute or so later, and that was when they weren't busy!  As we were leaving, things really picked up - though much of it was orders to go.
2	I find it absolutely amazing that Sadie's has won several Hoodie Awards (This is a call-in award) for being the best soul food restaurant in Charlotte, given by Entertainer Steve Harvey. After going to Sadie's I discovered that most of the people who call in have never eaten at the place. I must agree with Chad...as I noticed the quesadillas on the menu...I probably laughed at least 20min. (Whatz Up...Amigo) But then when you look at location (Easttown Market) that is heavily populated by mexicans/latinos. I ain't mad at you Sadie...Just smash those waffles down and add a little corn meal and speaka-lil spanish.
4	Sadie's is probably one of the top soul food spots in Charlotte, not the best but in the top. The original Coffee Cup off of Clarkson, although closed, will forever be the number one soul food spot in Charlotte(just had to throw that in there). The menu at Sadie's has changed over the years but I think some of the best dishes that were offered were taken off the menu. I'm not a restaurant owner so who am I to complain:-) The beef tips, baked chicken and pineapple lemonade had to be some of the best items on the menu, but I digress. The sweet potato waffle and fried chicken is pretty good, the waffle looks a little weird but the taste compensates for that. The mac n cheese can be suspect, but lately it has been on point. The fried whiting is very good but the pieces of fish are just way too big/thick or something, maybe it was just that day. The fried corn on the cob is very good and highly recommended. I haven't had the baked chicken in a while but it used to be pretty good. She usually has mini cheesecake desserts by Honey Butter Bakery which are quite delish.
5	Sadies has THE BEST fried chicken I have ever had.Great fried okra,mac & cheese and waffles also.
