5	These hotels are always so clean and well maintained!! Great, friendly and helpful staff!!! Highly recommended!
2	Great hotel, but do not eat their restaurant.  My brother got sick right after he ate their burger, and was up the entire night, right before an interview the next day.  Totally ruined the experience.
5	My only "complaint" about this hotel is that hilton.com doesn't let you select a smoking or non-smoking room.  I called the hotel, and was told that they only have 8 smoking rooms, so everybody gets a non-smoking room by default.Although HGI has a standardized breakfast that you can get anywhere, somehow, the omelettes at breakfast somehow seemed tastier than other HGIs.
4	I love HGIs, and this one didn't disappoint either. Nice big room, lovely pool, a nice warm jacuzzi - all add up to the 4 star review. Only star off is because it says 10 min from strip, well, its a good 20 mins driving. Apart from that - no complaints At all. I ve been to the HGI in SF as well, and Ive never been disappointed with this grp of hotels.
5	When I was a kid, my father, Pops, was a traveling Chrysler rep.  He would be gone several days each week.  When he got back, he'd always want to tell me about what he ate on his trip.   Speaking to a school kid about food is like telling your dog about what you read in the paper this morning...  it may give you a warm feeling but if you think he is actually listening, you may need to see a psychiatrist.    I listened enough to wonder to myself what kind of a pig my father was since all he cared about was food.   Later, I became my father and learned when you travel on business, most of the time, the food is about the only interesting part.  Hotel rooms, shuttles, airports, client meetings all blend together into a monotonous gray blur.   But you should have seen the size of the grilled shrimp they served in Mobile!   The food is all there is on most business travel.This HGI has a great restaurant.  I had breakfast there, and it was excellent.  In a Hiton Garden, you can always expect a freshly cooked full breakfast accompanied by freshly cut fruit, yogurt, breads and cereals.  The HGI coffee is always good.  This one serves Starbucks.   I had my usual HGI breakfast of four scrambled eggs, three containers of yogurt, a big bowl of fruit, ham, bacon, and coffee.   All of it was wonderful.  I am a scrambled egg expert, don't mind sayin', because I cooked them by the ton when I was a kid working at A&W.   You got to have the heat down low and take them off a little too soon, before they dry up.  The eggs will be big and fluffy, moist and light yellow.   Some HGIs have inept cooks who do just the opposite, using volcanic heat to burn the butter resulting in dry, brown-tinged eggs.  Not this one.  As little Rachel Ray says, yum-o.  I was delighted, yes, truly delighted, to see they had the Dannon Light yogurt in the purple containers.  The Yoplait Original yogurt I've been running into lately at other HGIs, Hampton Inns and Holiday Inn Express is LOADED with calories.   The Dannon Light has literally a third of the calories for the same amount.   Now, dear hotel managers, why do you think a person eats three containers of yogurt instead of, say, three Danish pastries?   Because business travel means eating out a lot, and restaurant food will quickly turn you into the blueberry girl from Willy Wonka if you just eat what tastes good.   With light yogurt you can get a lot of good nutrition and it tastes great without a zillion calories.  So what happens if the only yogurt is Yoplait, which is like eating fruit-flavored lard?  Yep, the diet-oriented people have to do without yogurt and leave the hotel fuming with their minds set on less-than-glorious yelp reviews.  I do appreciate it when there is good, low calories food available.After breakfast it was time to do a little exercising - just enough to not have to lie to the doctor next time to keep him from making that face.   The fitness center had a very nice set of free weights, one of those multi-purpose machines with all sorts of cables, handles and weights, a couple of  #$@*ing treadmills (I am not a fan of treadmills, per se), and benches.  Just the ticket for the health-minded traveler working on toning up his man-boobies.The shower/tub had high quality fixtures in it, good shampoo, soap, etc.   The water was plenty hot, and it had a ton of pressure.   The room was very quiet, and there were two elevators with very quick response times to the call button.  The housekeepers all smiled and said hello to me, as well.The Henderson Hilton Garden is clean, the fitness center has something in it besides treadmills, the breakfast was wonderfully prepared, the pool is very nice, and the service and amenities were exactly what they needed to be.  As good as it gets for this class of hotel.
5	I stayed here during a conference. It was a standard Hilton garden inn but the service was phenomenal. When I checked in, it was late and I was tired. The front desk guy was so friendly, it took me by surprise. As a frequent traveler, this is nice, and rare. Then the staff at breakfast was DI over the top nice, it made me wonder how they found these people. In the very short time I enjoyed the nice buffet breakfast, no less than three of the waitstaff helped me or asked what I needed. That may have been all of them. In addition, their relationship with the short order breakfast cook was friendly and jovial, setting a great atmosphere. I want to know who's doing the hiring and training here and how they're doing it.
4	This was our second one night stay this hotel. We were actually in the same room both times, I think. Easy, friendly, accommodating front desk staff. Room was clean. Beds were comfortable. Hotel was relatively quiet room to room.Breakfast was another matter. Both times we have stayed at the hotel, we booked the Bed & Breakfast package. On last year's trip, we had a lovely breakfast and enjoyed it enough that we booked with breakfast again. This time, they must have changed kitchen staff and waiters. The eggs were awful with a strange under-taste and too much cooking oil. Our waiter failed to tell us (and we failed to remember) that we could have had whatever we wanted from the buffet which was well-stocked with baked goods, fresh fruit, etc. I took off one point because of this.We'll return but maybe skip breakfast here next time - too bad because it was so convenient.
3	Not a bad place, BUT if the internet is important to you, the internet connection is horrible there!!!!   Please upgrade your internet!!!!!
5	Very clean with a friendly staff. Good price/value relationship with fast access to airport and the Strip. Highly recommend
4	This Hilton Garden Inn was great, the staff was amazing (Jenna, Ashley and Andy) helped my family and I make our quick stay-cation enjoyable. The hotel decor was welcoming, rooms clean and pool area comfortable. I would recommend staying at this hotel if you are in the area. 15 mins to the Strip, 8 mins to the premium outlets and plenty of restaurants to satisfy your hunger. The only negative or bad thing I would say is that the rooms are a little undersized (at least for a 4-5 person family; 2 adults, 3 kids). Besides that I would give it a 7-10.
4	We recently stayed at Hilton Garden inn in Henderson,Nevada.It was clean and quiet.The prepared to order breakfast was excellent and the staff were very attentive and helpful.Jason at the front desk provided the extra touch of outgoing,friendly and  accommodating customer service that will make us choose this property on a regular basis!
5	We spent tree very nice knights there.Staff was very friendly,professional,room very clean and food was excellent.Will come back again.
5	As good as it gets when it comes to a Hilton Garden Inn. Clean room and comfy beds. This location is nice and close to Sam Boyd Stadium and far away from the strip.
3	Overall my stay here was okay. I stayed for three nights while attending a competition in Old Vegas.   First the good.  The location was nice.  Away from the craziness of the strip while being only minutes from the actions of Vegas.   Had lots of places to eat near the hotel (and a Starbucks across the street).  I actually liked that there was NOT a casino in the hotel.  Was much more relaxing than other Vegas hotels I've stayed in.  The staff was friendly.  The room had a funny smell (like old sweat)--I turned the air on full blast and that seemed to keep the smell at bay.  Some of the pillows smelled as well.  I ended up using my own pillow.  There is a very small convenience "store" area with not a lot of useful items.  I forgot to pack a hair brush, usually Hilton's have basic items to give or sell guests.  This hotel directed me to a walmart a few blocks away.  Overall the stay was fine, I probably won't stay here again though.
4	Great location with shops you can walk to, including Nordstrom Rack, TJ Maxx, Pier 1 Imports, DSW Warehouse and Sprouts Farmers Market. Bed was comfy with soft pillows. Fitness Center had a flexball, dumbbells, and treadmills and elipticals. Breakfast was fresh, made to order omelettes and fruit/breads buffet. DInner menu seemed limited. Halls were quiet, fan in room was loud when it kicked on but room was roomy and very clean with microwave and fridge. Staff is friendly. Used the executive board room, got warm and if you keep door open, you may hear noise from the hall outside. Overall, great experience with fast check out.
1	Beware the breakfast scam. We're told the night before that "breakfast was 7-10 am." Upon showing up we discover however it's actually $12 a person. That part they left out, hmm. Nothing complimentary. I'm a light breakfast eater. Had I known, I simply would have been prepared and went to the store the night before. I brought this to the attention of the desk clerk Ryan, whose literal response was that "there's nothing I can do." So if you want a muffin for breakfast you can pay $12 for it here or you can go stay at Motel 6.  There's no free breakfast of any kind at this hotel.
1	So, it's our 11th anniversary and my husband and I planned a nice dinner out since we had a sitter for our daughter til midnight!  We don't get out often, as our 8 year old daughter has cerebral palsy and is in a wheelchair and non-verbal.  Nice dinner and a bottle of wine later, we decided to find a room with a jacuzzi tub for a few hours that was close to home.  So I search "jacuzzi hotel rooms Henderson, NV" and HGI pops up in the top 3.  Pretty good ratings, so I make the call.  Girls answers, and I ask if they have any rooms with Jacuzzi Tubs.  She says "yes that would be our something or other suite.  Would u like me to check on the rate for you?"  Please.  "Are u a AAA or AARP member?"  No, though do u offer a locals discount?   "No we don't.  The rate is $119 per night."  Do u have one of those rooms available for tonight?  "Yes we do.  Would you like to reserve that?"  Yes, please.  "What credit card would u like to use?"  So, give her the credit card info, we arrive 15 mins later, check in with a guy at the desk and my husband and I proceed to our "suite with a jacuzzi tub."  Just one problem....NO JACUZZI TUB!  Seriously?  My husband goes in search of bottled water downstairs and sees that the girl is now at the front desk with the guys that checked us in.  He tells her that the room has no Jacuzzi tub and the guy says that they do have a room available with a Jacuzzi tub, though, it was "out of service."  Seriously???  So, the girl offers to give us a whole $10 off our rate for the evening.  Gee, thanks!  My husband says to her, "My wife asked you one questions we she called....."Do you have any rooms available WITH a Jacuzzi tub?  You said yes, we gave you our credit card and here we are, in a room with no Jacuzzi tub."  Not only did we not get the Jacuzzi we were promised, the $10 credit was not given either!  Customer service is non-existent at this Garden Inn.
4	Excellent night's sleep.  High-count thread sheets, fresh towels, a good air conditioning system that provides the right level of white noise for my tastes. I also recommend the burger.  It is as good as it gets for a char broiled burger, and the batter for the onion rings is one of the best I've ever had.
