2	I've been playing hockey at Castle for years, and the only reason I go here is because its the only half way decent place to play inline hockey within an hour of me. The arena is in the crappiest part of Phoenix and the building itself is some corny Castle, it looks like a kids' play pen. The building gets way too hot in the summer, the rink is not cleaned enough, and the officiating is horrible. The league fees are also too expensive, if it goes up one more dollar I wouldn't play there anymore. The locker rooms are way too small to fit a team of 8 guys. The leagues are not very popular, with only 4 teams per league. Too many travel players play on the lower leagues, when they stick to the top league. Whenever it rains, the games are canceled because the roof is a sieve. The only reason this place got 2 stars instead of 1 is because I love hockey and I'm always in a good mood when I go to play. For those of you who don't play hockey, Castle also has a crappy soccer field with boards, or you can play inside on the roller rink...ha! There's a gym upstairs but I never see people going there.
3	Castle Sports Club is the greatest bait and switch I have ever witnessed; you see the ramparts and drawbridge and you think "castles are good. Surely there must be some of ye olde good times to be had", but alas, there is little awesome to be had here. No knights or dragons. Just an inline skating rink on its last legs, a snack bar at least fifteen years out of date and ever-permeating smell of dirty socks and failure.Somewhere in the Phoenix area there must be a dilapidated old fitness center with a dungeon and a silly-looking man with a goblet screaming "I SAID MORE WINE!" instead of any exercise equipment.I only ever went to Castle Sports Club for the Roller Derby league. I love roller derby. So much that the first thing I'm going to do after I'm medically declared a woman is to form a roller derby team. I'd call it Princess Squad Battel! (intentionally misspelled) with an uber-Japanese logo.Oh, I'm sorry, were you reading this for factual content? CSC taints every event held inside of it with an aura of fail and apathy.That's right. It's Michael Bay in building form.The ceiling leaks whenever it rains, the A/C is MC Hammer (get it? Broke? Fuck you, I know I'm funny), and the floor looks like it hasn't been cleaned or repaired since it was laid down.The league fees are so expensive that you keep looking around the building to see where the money went. Do they actually pay the referees? Are the toilets made of gold? Well, are they? I'm being serious here, I didn't go in them. I almost did, but this three hundred pound guy with a coffee stain down his shirt stepped out with this feeling of accomplishment on his face and I thought "hey, I got that empty 7-11 cup in my car..."It's only a matter of time before Castle Sports will be hosting dog fights and illegal steel cage matches. Which might in fact be a step up for them. It's a shame, though. All this potential fun to be had wasted on such a crappy venue. Makes you wish there was somewhere else to go.Fuck it. Nobody goes to Rollero anymore, right?
1	All I can say is yuck. My friend and I came here for a roller derby match tonight and it was so disappointing. The good was that the place was packed for the match. The bad? Let me count the ways. The straight out of the 80's building design and decor was the first bad sign. Then as you begin to enter the building, you feel as though you are entering a dungeon. But again, with so many people there, you think there has got to be some redeeming qualities. We get inside and get some food in the "snack bar." As we waited in line, I looked around and was too terrified to touch anything. Outdated furnishings and pieces that looked as though they couldn't be cleaned if you wanted to. I bought a bottle water, soft pretzel, and order of fries. Total was $6 which I thought to be very reasonable. The girl told me 3 min on the pretzel and fries. I got the pretzel in 3 min and the fries in 15 min. I was so pissed since the match started by then. When I finally got my food, we went to find seats. That was a total joke. There were folded chairs on the rink floor in addition to the seats on the outside of the rink. Every seat was filled and people standing everywhere. So apparently buying a ticket does not guarantee you a seat. Ridiculous. The match was just okay. I thought there would be more action but how much can there be when fans are sitting on the actual site of the match?  We didn't stay for the second match, after all, who wants to stand the whole time? My advice? Have low, low expectations before coming here and it shall not disappoint.
4	I was here for a volleyball game twice now, and the courts are great. Seating is up above the court so you can see all the action, and there are nice high ceilings for those occasional high hits. I haven't seen the rest of the place, but if you're going for volleyball and on the WAY North side of town, this is a great option. Free wifi too!
1	This place is ALWAYS dirty. I just don't get it. Isn't there some kind of clean-up crew for places like this? I had a bout once and while I was in the team area (I would hardly call it a locker. Maybe a "backstage" area. Maybe) there was Gatorade sticking up the floor and getting on our wheels. When we asked for someone to come and mop the floor, the mop water smelled like puke. We also had an injury once at a bout and there were no plastic bags nor ice anywhere in the building.
2	I came to watch a friend's Roller Derby match. The facility looks like it may have been pretty great once, but doesn't appear to have been maintained well. The floos don't seem like they've had a good cleaning in a long time. Everything just seems a little dated and worn out.
3	I went here as a guest of someone who had a friend on one of the teams.  I read the reviews of the place after I accepted the invitation so when I arrived my expectations were low.  It really wasn't that bad.  I bought "dinner" in the snack shop, hot dog, fries and soda for $7 that was ok.  The first seat I tried was  broken  but I found a working one.  I was surprised how packed the place was.  The facility is older and worn but still clean and serviceable, it reminded me of skating rinks when I was a kid.  The overall vibe of the place is like adult softball or amateur car racing where everybody there is a friend of one of the participants.  I enjoyed my evening, I would have enjoyed it more if I understood the scoring better.
5	Went to my first Roller Derby and wow....had a great time.  Will definitively be going back for Season 10 in September.  The announcers were awesome and everyone there was just in a great mood.
3	I visited this place to see a Roller Derby match. First tip: Arrive very early! I did not and arrived like half an hour before the game and the parking lot was overflowing. We did find parking on the street, but it wasn't east. For the Derby, there were a few vendor tables and a snack shack. There also isn't a lot of seating with a good view, which is another reason to arrive early. The restrooms are shabby but clean. All-in-all the establishment is clean and serves it's purpose. I hope to return again to see another Derby match.
