4	Surprisingly good bar food- and salads, too!  The buffalo chicken salad is great- as is the raspberry walnut chicken salad.  Good for lunch as well as after work.  Friendly bar, good service- nice staff!
3	Decent food, though the burgers are much better than the rest of the menu. There are tvs everywhere, its a great place to hang out and watch sports. Good neighborhood spot.
3	Probably deserves closer to 3.5 stars - here's a quick take on the place: large, open, airy, with tons of televisions and a big screen - great for sporting events.  Quick service, decent food, prices are just slightly high on certain items.  Comparable to a Buffalo Wild Wings or a slightly nicer TGI Fridays/Chili's/Applebees.Detailed review: I took part of my project team here as a "thank you" lunch on a Wednesday afternoon - they'd been working hard on a complicated project, and a relaxing lunch seemed like a good way to take a break, realign, and recharge.I called Babes to request a table for 18 at lunch, and they said, "No problem."  We arrived at around 11:30am, the table was ready, and our server took drink orders immediately.We ordered several appetizers: nachos, cheese curds, seared Ahi Tuna, and a few others.  While waiting for the appetizers, our server kept our drinks filled, promptly answered questions, and was really helpful.Appetizers arrived: the nachos were tasty - thicker-style chips, lots of cheese (melted cheddar mix), ground beef, black olives, salsa, and a few side dishes of sour cream and salsa.  The curds weren't too extraordinary - just run-of-the-mill curds from a bag.  Decently prepared though, and served with ranch.  The Ahi was seared nicely and served on top of thick cucumber slices, along with a "wasabi."  Tuna was decent.We ordered our main dishes, just as the place was starting to fill up.  A few people ordered chili and the chicken and wild rice soup - both looked great and got good reviews.Entrees arrived - seemed to take a while, but in all fairness we did have a large group, and the place was rather busy.  Once again, service was spot on - excellent.  All dishes arrived exactly as ordered, and the server did a wonderful job of following-up with us throughout the entire meal.I had the raspberry chicken salad (mixed greens, grilled chicken, candied pecans, red onion, diced tomatoes, and a raspberry vinaigrette), and it was as good as you'd expect.  I had the dressing "on the side," and only used a touch of it (not a huge dressing fan), but it tasted pretty decent.Most folks ordered burgers, which all looked great.  A few people ordered the fish sandwich, a few ordered the French dip, and I saw plates of fettuccine and an order of fajitas.  The only complaint from anyone was with regard to the fajitas - they looked rather bland, and apparently the tortillas were dry/crumbly, even after several "new" tortillas came out from the kitchen.All in all, a solid experience.  The service - tops.  The food - good.  The value - not bad.  Babes Grill & Bar = WINService = 4.5 starsFood = 2.75 stars Value = 2.75 starsMisc = 4.5 stars (nice environment, and can easily accommodate large groups)
3	Great local bar! Okay food, good service, with excellent bartenders. I like the nachos -- huge! Recently this place has been a little dead. Babes recently opened a East side location. I'm a little worried about the food service/food quality of this location falling off.
3	Food is ok and ok beer selection.  Staff is so-so....service is slow.
4	Tasty Cobb SaladMy wife and I visit Babes about once every 6 weeks for a Cobb salad.  Can't really speak for the rest of the menu; however, if you like Cobb salads (and you should, they're good for you), then you'll like Babes.  These salads are comparable to the Boston salad at Bostons Gourmet Pizza in Greenway Station in Middleton, better than the Cobb salad at TGI Fridays in Greenway, but not as good as Benvenuto's in Fitchburg.  Service, atmosphere, and price are all reasonable.  In the summer there's a nice place to sit outside although the view isn't much.Alas, Bostons in Greenway Station went belly up in the summer of 2010.
4	A little out of the way for my usual haunt, but the place is clean and cozy.  Lots of TVs so it would be a good place to watch games.  The bartender was very sweet and attentive.  The burgers are fresh and hand-pattied and absolutely delicious.  The fries were a little overdone, but tasty and there is a nice complement of beers on tap.
5	Went here today.  Greeted promptly and in a very friendly manner.  The staff seems relaxed and happy here.  Professional.Looks like a great sports bar.  Lots of room.  I will bring my friends and relatives here next time we want to catch a sporting event.  Tons of tvs and one large screen with plenty of room to eat and watch.   Could be a great time.  Super Bowl?The place was very clean, nicely decorated, a nice thing to see, not thrown together.  We had great service and even other staff walked by and said hello to my surprise.   I ordered coffee but she first brought me a glass of water with a lemon slice.  Sounds simple but I really appreciated it and felt like they were really going the extra mile.  Really surprised me.  I played it safe and ordered a sandwich from reviews that said their entrees had problems.   Well my sandwich was excellent and with a nice portion.  The good service continued throughout the meal and we had a great time there.Other people showed up while there.   Looks like a nice meeting place for some business people.  A family showed up with children.  A mix of professional and blue collar.  Both feel comfortable.   I have driven past this restaurant numerous times and it looks more like an office building or bank than it does a restaurant.   The sign for the place is rather nondescript and so I never even realized that this was a restaurant until I heard about if from a friend and also saw it on Yelp.They do have a board under their sign that says something about food but for the most part they could do themselves a favor and let people know that they are a sports bar better.  The staff all seemed very professional, I was impressed.  Something good is going on here.
4	you can say yum   and on fri its $4 long islands yummm. portobello sandwich is good i though was beef and a portabella on top but no just a mushroom sandwich yum anyways. I like the workers there fun to talk with.
4	Babe's is a really comfortable neighborhood Bar & Grill.  They have a really good reuben sandwich and perhaps the best Black & Bleu burger in town.  There are televisions all over the place showing a variety of sporting events.  They also have a back room suitable for large groups.If you go on Mondays, they have 1/2 price burgers!
3	good artichoke dip and veggie appetizer, and I LOVE teir portabella burger. I think they recently got a new manager and must have all been popped "better be super-duper-extra happy friendly or else" pills...its a little over the top.  Not fake, it does seem genuine, but a little too much.
5	Babe's is the best! Babes is a great place for dining, drinking and dancing. It's a great local restaurant and the service is awesome. There is nothing like a BLT on the patio along with a cold beer listening to some live music.
4	Met the owner a few times and it was obvious he is enthusiastic about his business. Babes is a nice neighborhood place.
4	I hate the idea of eating in a 'Sports Bar' but Babes is rather nice.  Granted I was not there during 'the big game' so it was not loud or obnoxious at all.  The place looks clean and more up scale than I would have thought. The food is great I must say.  Sandwiches, wraps, burger and more.  I have not been disappointed yet. My gf is sadly a vegetarian but she was able to find some good choices and rally enjoyed her meal as well.
3	We stopped by Babes on a Friday night for a late dinner, and were happy to get a table with only a short wait. We waited near the bar, and the server was friendly and brought us our drinks quickly. Our food came quickly. Loved the fried portobello strips! My bf had the salmon and liked it, but thought the steamed veggies were really bland and not that fresh. My veggie burger was simple but tasty - they also toasted the inside of the bun which is something basic that I love and many places don't do. My fries arrived cold, but since our server was MIA, I just rolled with it. Our waitress is the reason for the reduction in stars. She was friendly and available until we had placed our orders, and then we only saw her again when the food came and 30 minutes after that when she brought our check. Even after that she kept walking past us as we tried to pay. I think we'll give them a second chance. The atmosphere was nice and it seems like a good place to bring the family. Hopefully we'll get a different waitress next time.
4	Babe's is a great location.This place has a fantastic interior with great seating. Their bartenders are friendly, skilled, and most important of all, attentive. The food is surprisingly good for a sports bar, and the drink list is impressive as well. Top picks for food is the reuben sandwich, and you can't go wrong with any Wisconsin craft beer.I recommend trying this place, it'll definitely grow on you.
5	I am from California and have never been to Babe's, but I can tell you that I will be going there next time I visit Madison WI.  They searched for me over the web because they found a check that I wrote to someone for their graduation and they had lost it.  Thank you to the customer of Babe's that turned it in too!  Babe's....good people and good customers!!!God Bless!!!RKR
3	5 stars for the company, 4 for the atmosphere, 3 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service, 1 is the loneliest number... wait what...All in all, not too shabby Babe's but I'm not gettin' in the car tomorrow to go back. The place is sizable and at 6pm on a Wednesday it wasn't too crowded. Definitely seems like the place to go in a group, I bet they'll accommodate you. I was there with an old college friend and it didn't really matter what the food tasted like (average) or that the service was slowish, we were just happy to catch up. If TGIFridays and Red Robin had a baby, they'd call it Babe's. Trivia night draws a decent sized crowd and the beer selection is ample. Go knowing your thirst will be quenched but for food... eh.
5	Good enough service and decent food for a sports bar. I enjoyed my fajitas and fried cheese curds. It seemed that everyone else in my party enjoyed their food as well. There was a huge projector set up to play the game against a wall and there was a table of people setting up their fantasy football draft. All of these really added to the "neighborhood sports bar feel".
2	Went there for a football game.  The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because the beer selection was good.  The rest of the experience was bad.  Service was extremely slow and rude.  While my wings were OK, my friends' burgers were blue in the middle, uncooked.  Fries were soggy and had either been under a heat lamp or in the microwave.  The kicker was the $2.75 I was charged for soda water.  When I told the waitress that I had never been charged for soda water before, she said it comes out of a box, so they charge for it.  I told her that tonic comes out of a box, but not soda water.  She sent the manager over, and he gave me a hard time about it.  Crazy.  Will definitely not be back.
4	Watched the Badgers destroy the Cornhuskers here on Saturday night and really enjoyed the atmosphere, the service, and the food.  We arrived at 6:00pm, a full 1.5-hours ahead of game time, and struggled to find a seat.  Our hostess noticed a prime booth was about to open-up and suggested we take that seat.  We obliged and were glad that we did - the booth turned out to be perfectly positioned near the two huge projection screens, close to the bar, yet out of the "mosh pit" (which is what I called the huge array of tables near us).Our server was absolutely fantastic - she was on her A game for certain.  She was prompt with refills, always available, made great suggestions, and was super personable.  I'd definitely ask for her again.Tap selection was heavily loaded with IPAs, which was OK, but with winter fast approaching, I do appreciate a good porter, stout, or winter seasonal.  Babe's was offering $1 off all Wisconsin brews during the game, so we took advantage of that - lots of Ale Asylums, Lake Louies, and Capitals were imbibed.We started with the nachos, to which we added buffalo chicken.  I'd much prefer a cheese sauce on my nachos to shredded & baked cheese, but these were still some solid nachos.  Shredded buffalo chicken was well worth the slight upcharge.For entrees, we went with a selection of burgers - the Wisco was excellent with the infused bacon, muenster and cheddar.  The Bucky was delish, thanks to the onion ring and BBQ sauce.  The tuna melt was really a surprise - super good.All of the burgers were hand-pattied and were perfectly cooked.  Zero complaints.Our waitress brought us several (like 6) huge carafes of water throughout the night - another excellent touch that was greatly appreciated.  We probably drank 2 waters to every beer during our 5.5 hour stay.  :-)At the end of the night, the checks were split perfectly, and the total damage was more than fair.  I'd go back to watch a game here any time.Babes = WINFood = 4 starsService = 4.75 starsValue = 4 starsMISC = 4 starsExcellent job, Babes!  Keep up the good work!
2	We started playing trivia here on Tuesday nights, so wanted to sample a few things before writing my review.  I think what it comes down to for me is they have awesome salads and the other food I have tried is mediocre.  Cobb salad is really good, and a 1/2 is plenty.  The Babe's salad is also very good.  Now the mediocre...nachos...how do you screw up nachos?   The description lists them with toppings of diced tomatoes, black olives, jalapenos, cheddar cheese and topped with green onions.  There is the option to add beef, buffalo chicken or chicken mix.  Chicken mix comes with green pepper and onion.  This is the one we chose but when they arrived it was a layer of chips fused with cheesed and some chicken sprinkled on top.  None of the other toppings were anywhere to be found.  Chicken strips look more like clam strips and were overcooked and tough.  Burgers are OK, but nothing special.   Service is spotty.  My beverage is usually ice water with lemon...the majority of the time no lemon is included and it is like pulling teeth to get a water refill.   Bottom line I guess is come for the trivia and salads and get bar food elsewhere?
5	Came in for a drink and to get some burgers to go. Chantal was very nice, attentive and went out of her way to get a kids menu so I could complete my food order. She and the other bartenders were helping each other very well and with smiles, a strong "team" atmosphere! I normally come here for lunch and am always impressed. The night staff seems to be just as good. Great service and awesome food!
3	Nice neighborhood bar.  Food is very ok and certainly is not made by hand.  Nice beer selection.  Many TV's.
3	Fish fry review for 9/27/13.Met two coworkers for lunch here and decided to try the fish fry. Options include: fried cod, baked cod, or fried lake perch.I opted for the lake perch; one coworker went with the fried cod; the other chose the blackened tilapia fish tacos. The fish fry includes choice of potato (we both went with curly fries) and a small side of tartar. Plates arrived; cod featured three, thick almost cube-like pieces of lightly breaded cod. Perch plate consisted of six modest fillets of perch. Both plates were presented steaming hot and ready to rock.The perch breading was nicely applied; the fish itself was very mild, with just the right amount of that familiar perchy chew. It was just slightly greasy, as perch often is. The cod was even more mild; the breading didn't cling very well, but there were no signs of grease - just flaky, moist, dense cod.Not a bad fish fry; you could do much worse.
4	Love the blackened tilapia tacos and hand breaded chicken tenders. Babes also has a great sports bar atmosphere!
4	Great place to catch a big game.  2 big projection screens, many more TVs and great sound.Beer list is extensive.  Standard American bar and grill fare, but what I've had they did fine or well.  The cheese curds would make my top 5 if they weren't so salty.  Go with the onion rings instead.  We have had great service here, though one night we went recently it was DEAD and we were nearly the only people there.
3	I'm a regular here because it's close to home.  The food is okay.  It's your usual bar food, but they try and mix it up with seasonal menus.  We're often here for football games and also trivia nights.  It's a nice spot to watch a Packers or Badgers game since there were several big screens and tvs at nearly every viewing angle.  This place can be really busy during those times, but the waitstaff often does a good job of doing their best to find a seat to accommodate us.  The bar selections leave something to be desired.  While they have a decent selection of beer, they don't have ginger beer.  Once I asked the bartender to make a hot toddy and she stared at me blankly.  I ultimately asked for the ingredients and made it myself.
2	This is a really tough review for me to write.  I love the ambiance of this restaurant.  Aside from one server, I usually get great service.  However, the food and prices could be improved.  What stands out are the cheese curds.  It is rolling the dice as to whether they will be delicious or just piles of grease balls.  The oil pools in the bottom making the lower layer even more oily.  I think at $7.50, they could do something to make them a little crisper.  I like their assortment of beer but the pitcher prices can really spike.  What is on special for $8.50 one week will double the next week.  Their prices are a bit steep.Tonight I ordered carrot cake.  And I saw that it said pineapple in the description.  However, I was not expecting that it would alter the whole flavor profile.  It was a tropical, pineapple cake.  The frosting was not thick and creamy.  It was like a thin layer of fondant.  It had no real flavor.  Honestly, I can not express how disappointed I was in the cake.  I consider myself an aficionado of carrot cake and this was not carrot cake.  There was no strong punch of flavor.  It was kind of a sad little scare of cake.
4	Just finished a Friday Fish Fry at Babe's.  I always forget about this place, but it's great if you're a sports/Badger/Packer/Brewer fan.  Fish was great.  Their menu is diverse and the prices aren't crazy.  Bar service was especially nice.  Fish was well-prepared, lots of options besides fries.  Side salad served as an appetizer was more than just iceburg lettuce and it was fresh.  We'll be back!
5	I went to babe's today and had the special which was a turkey burger. Saw they had a new menu and I thought it was very professionally presented. I thought the quality of food was a lot better than in the past. My wife had the chicken tenders and fries. The chicken was lightly battered and very tender. I definitely will be going back for lunch rather soon.
5	The new menu not only looks great, but features new dishes and vastly improved food. Met two friends here to catch up on details of a recent trip; sat at the bar during a Monday night at around 7pm.+ Prompt, efficient, knowledgeable service+ Nice selection of tap beers+ Impressive liquor choices (Don Julio 1942, unique whiskeys/bourbons)- Cheese curds were rather standard, but perfectly fried+ Bucky burger was over-the-top good; cooked to a perfect medium; excellent flavor profile+ House made chips were perfect blend of thick, chewy, and crispI'm told the other sandwiches were great as well; they certainly looked awesome.Bartenders remained helpful and friendly during our entire visit. This was quite easily a 5-star experience.
4	This is now my second time here. The food is great. On my first visit I had a cheeseburger, don't remember the name if it but the meat was infused with bacon so it was amazing. My second visit was yesterday. Beautiful weather so my sister, sister-in-law and niece ate outside. We started out with a half of nachos, which were good but would have been better with the cheese more evenly distributed throughout the chips. I ordered the turkey and brie sandwich was great. Different from your typical sandwich. I would not recommend the coleslaw as your side item. My sister got the Cajun chicken Alfredo which described as, "not the best thing I've add but also not the worst" and wouldn't order it again. My sister-in-law ordered a Cobb salad which she enjoyed quite a bit and the presentation was beautiful. Surprised I didn't take a picture. Our server was attentive. He clearly had experience around kids and my niece is just under a year. He was careful not to place anything, like our beers, within her reach.Will definitely be back. My only service complaint would be when we entered the restaurant, both hostesses ignored us like they had no idea what we were doing. I greeted them and then they asked us in a confused tone if we wanted a table. The lack of common sense and friendliness on behalf of those is the only reason this isn't a 5 star review.
3	Came here for trivia. I had the nachos, and they really weren't that good. Within 5 minutes the cheese made a hard, thick dome around the entire thing. It was not very satisfying after that.Also the service wasn't great. The waitress would continually ask if we wanted more drinks, when we weren't even close to finishing the ones we had.I guess it's alright for a sports bar. My expectations were low and it met my expectations.
3	Babes famous nachos,should not be famous. The cheese was not melty at all and were like clumps of cheese that could not even stick on the chips or would come off easily. The only good thing about the nachos were that there was a lot of it, if you plan on ordering an entree make sure you get a half order and share it.We had the mushroom burger, and the Cajun Alfredo pasta. Both came with a side dish; I got the soup, and she got the salad. The burger was cooked like I asked, and was good, nothing special or anything; a burger. The soup was good and hearty, it had cut up sausages in them and came with a few saltine crackers. The pasta was good, and the sauce was rich and came with a huge salad which could be a small entree in itself.We also had an order of curly fries which were amazing. The service was alright, we waited kind of long before anyone greeted us and gave us a table, but there was a lot of cars in the parking lot so I assumed the outside seating was really busy, because the inside was kind of empty and we rarely saw our server, but surprisingly we didn't wait too long for our water to be filled when they were empty.There is a parking lot outside the restaurant, but it's kinda dark. Babes is pretty good just avoid their "famous nachos", if you're expecting good nachos.
3	Bring your smart friends If you come for trivia Tues or Wed nights.  It was packed, barely finished in the top ten. .. many taps and curly fries made it great night with friends in this friendly environment.
4	Top-notch four star place that many would consider a five. Excellent food and tons of seating (which they need as they are very busy at dinner) Server was friendly and not overbearing which I prefer. Prices are fair but I'd suggest looking at the specials and going for rib night if you're deal seeker.
4	This is a great sports bar and restaurant for the West Side. It gives you the feeling of being closer to the stadium or Kohl Center without the parking hassles. Menu is great as is the beer selection. Friendly service too.
