4	This has to be one of the busiest ones in a mall setting, in the city. The line is always super long. It's always crowded in here. This place makes bank. Great location, I suppose, right across from the food court (just ok).We've probably been to this one the most, together. We usually split a Mocha Chip Frap if we need a little pick-me-up. I don't usually drink coffee (or soda for that matter), but I am a regular tea drinker. So by splitting it, I don't feel as if I am bouncing off the walls. Service is pretty good considering how busy this place is- feels like bumper to bumper. Clean. Lots of seating but like I said, it's a busy place.
2	The line is always long, but they are staffed well to deal with the overabundance of out of towners. The people who are working behind the bar are friendly, but I am sure they are all singing the same song about their annoying patrons once they get home. Although entertaining, save your job and do not place it on Youtube.I tend to stick to an Iced Americano. Instead of cold water, espresso, and ice, hot water was added. It melted the ice too quickly. The coffee was strong enough preserve a bold flavor though.
4	Lines were extremely long during Black Friday event.Ordered a few of the holiday blend to share between my crowd and the server was very quick and efficient to take our order.
4	If you get to the outlet too early, stop here for a drink. This place gets crowded during the day, but its a "real" starbucks not a fake one at the casino... so you can use your card, get points, and not pay over inflated casino prices.Staff are pretty friendly, and they try their best to hurry.
4	good Starbucks, busy because it's inside the outlet mall. (i should know, i work in a Starbucks inside a mall)i had a very light lunch, which was just the egg salad sandwich and iced caramel macchiato. good job partners!
3	I will start with the fact that waiting 20 minutes for any sort of coffee is not worth it when you are spoiled with the Las Vegas environment.It is worth it if you prefer getting an ice water with any of your Starbucks orders though. Be sure to order water when you are here. Dehydration, exhaustion, and soreness occurs when you are in an outdoor mall!Expect long waits, possible mistakes on custom orders, and no tables to sit at.
5	LOVE this Starbucks! After having gone to MULTIPLE locations on the strip and having my Starbucks Double shot made incorrectly every time, coming to this location and having my drink not only just made correctly but made very fuhreakin well; I'm in heaven. Oh yeah and the 2 baristas working were very interactive and friendly, which made it twice as nice. Nothing like your favorite drink made great with a side of friendly conversation.
4	You had to know I would rock out the Starbucks visits in Vegas too and in combination with Outlet shopping, now you're saying my name!Great Starbucks with friendly barista's and my drink was made perfectly just how I like it.  What more could I ask for.  Some caffeine and I'm good to go.Love my Bucks wherever I go.
5	always 5 star
5	5 stars for service!  Read on :So we were walking in the Outlet mall with a friend.  I DON'T drink coffee at all...so you can see why I stay away from Starbucks in general...not much for me to see or do here LOL.But my friend wanted some coffee, so I obliged.  I was looking at the menu behind her, and she offered to buy me something.  I kindly said no to my friend...but the cashier overheard us and INSISTED I try something.  I told him I don't drink coffee, only a little tea, but that I just didn't need anything.  He took the initiative, and said he was going to make me a Passion Fruit Tazo Tea or some crap like that.  He didn't charge us...just made us a drink lol!It was good, and of course I threw in a few bucks for tip on the principal alone.  But the effort was what made the impression....Great service!
3	Since this Starbucks is located in the busy Premium Outlets, expect long wait times...both in line to place your order and when waiting for your drink. The dining area is also always super packed as well and there is nowhere to sit. This is a coffee shop where you need to grab your drinks and go. The baristas are friendly and patient, even though they're probably running around, making drinks like maniacs. I only come here when I really need a coffee/drink while at the mall, which isn't very often
4	You gotta hand it to them. The constant line of people snaking through this Starbucks in a day could probably wrap around the Earth. And they manage it.Located inside the always busy (I'm groping through my mental thesaurus for a word that's busy x10... frenetic? insect-like infestation?) Premium Outlets, this Starbucks handles enormous crowds with a reasonable wait given the givens and with very few errors.Plus the a/c is boss.
5	this is a popular place.  We came here after a day of shopping and freezing our butts off.  Hot chocolate is perfect for days like this.  lots of places to sit but it's very busy. Not exactly a place to relax.
4	Everyone and their mom has been to a Starbucks. They have coffee, tea, snacks and other miscellaneous coffee accessories. And for that reason, I will not be reviewing their products. This is strictly on their service. They are located in the center of the outlets. No matter what time of day it is, there is ALWAYS a line that wraps around. They see a lot customers, especially all the tourists!!! Language is a huge barrier at times and it can be difficult to understand orders. The employees here have always been so friendly. They are all calm and composed, even with their 20 cups lined up with drinks to make. They are fast, which I appreciate since I only have a short time to grab my drink (grande vanilla iced coffee with a splash of nonfat milk) before heading back to work. And hats off to the cashiers who spell MARIE correctly!!
5	Favorite location even though it's busy from the time they open and close. It's incredible how they keep up with tourists and grumpy people waiting in line, and still provide great service. Also, the drinks are always made well like not to watery or overpowering.
1	22 people in line before me, and we don't seem to be moving.  Must be new people working, I don't recognize them and they are SLOWWWWWW.
1	Worst one I have ever been to. All I order is a Venti Coffee Brew, light ice and soy milk and the order was all wrong. Too long of a line to have them fix it.
3	This Starbucks is often flooded with tourists and shoppers alike. Prepare to wait in line, yet, if you become a regular, they get to know you despite the tourists. Not too many places to sit down, but they do carry more of the food options than most places.
