5	We had my daughter's car repaired after it was hit on NYE , and we needed it back by January 13 for her to go back to college in AZ. Many shops could not get to this job before Jan 21. Maaco was friendly, accommodating, fast, professional, and courteous. We elected to have it repainted as there was some minor hail damage prior. The 2010 Mazda 3 looks fantastic, they did it within the time frame they promised and even gave me a ride all the way to Anthem when we dropped it off! I highly recommend them. Everyone here is very professional and respectful.
1	I wouldn't even give ONE STAR but i couldn't right the review otherwise! I will NEVER allow these hacks to touch another vehicle of mine. I took my vehicle there to be painted. It looked ok except for a few spots on my cowl that I paid extra to have fixed that weren't done and they actually painted over WAX in more than one spot. They also broke my shifter right off even after showing them how the reverse lockout feature worked! In an attempt to fix the shifter they burned a hole in my carpet. I made known my issue with their mistakes and said I'd return when I had more time for them to correct the issues. A few months later I had an issue with the vehicle jumping in gear (because reverse lockout in shifter was no longer functional, thanks)  while running and going backwards outta my garage and the door got all messed up and I could've been mangled. When I returned to Maaco and spoke to Fred, the owner, he said his guys weren't capable of handling the repair. Is this NOT a body shop??? I got the door opening and closing better than before but still needed a little body work done. I came back and spoke with Fred again. He told me everything they could do to fix the door and where I damaged the cowl trying to fix it. He gave me a price and said drop it off on Monday and I'll have it done Friday. Sounded good to me. I dropped the truck off and walked around it a THIRD time showing Fred what was necessary to fix. Friday I receive a phone call from Fred stating his body guy had to leave town on emergency and he couldn't have the truck done until Tuesday. It told him no problem but it HAD TO BE TUESDAY as I worked on this vehicle all last summer in preparation of the huge car event taking place that weekend. He said "No worries. I'll see ya Tuesday." I called Tuesday around noon to make sure we were still on schedule. He told me the body work was done but he didn't have the paint and it was on back order and I'd have to wait until Thursday or Friday. I explained I know how back order works and it's NEVER a day or two and when I asked him what else could be done his response was "I don't know what to tell you homeboy! DuPont doesn't have anymore of your paint!" and he hung up on me! I called DuPont to check his claim and they directed me to the company they sold their Hot Hues line of paint to. After calling that company and finding out they had 500 quarts of it IN STOCK, I took the information to Laura in the office. I literally begged her to make sure the truck would be done and how important it was. She told me not to worry and it'll be ready for the weekend. I also took the opportunity to grab the main body guy outta the shop and show HIM what still needed to be fixed, as discussed by Fred and I THREE TIMES!!! NOTHING had even been fixed yet. I left and received a phone call a short time later from Fred calling me a "F*#%+&G douchebag!" and asking if I thought I was being cool "doing my homework?" I was blown away. This guy drops the ball TWICE and puts it on ME and calls ME names??? WTF?!?!?! I was told "even if the guy showed up with all of it I couldn't buy it" cuz of some corporate BS! My question is why wasn't the paint ordered on the Monday I dropped the truck off (as I later found out "all paint is ordered on Monday") I hung up on him in the middle of a barrage of screaming insults. He called me back 45 minutes later and told me he had found a vendor in town that had the paint and I could get my truck Thursday. I actually thanked him and explained that I didn't need him insulting me when all I'm trying to do is get my truck painted on time. Thursday rolls around and sure enough, my truck STILL isn't ready! Finally, Friday around 10am I get a call saying my truck is ready. Upon arriving at the shop I see that NONE if the work discussed has been completed but still painted over. When I asked Fred in the office he started giving me the run around AGAIN until I stopped him and told him I was tired of his lies. We went out to look at what was wrong and he actually tried to tell me we never discussed fixing the cowl. Why on God's green Earth would I pay someone to fix a door but not the metal that it butts up to??? AND he still never fixed the part of the cowl that they originally missed!!! Everything we discussed that he had no problem fixing at the beginning of consultation all of a sudden became "over his guys heads." IS THIS NOT A BODY SHOP? Can you NOT make a door line straight and fill in some dents??? What kinda "body shop" is this? This guy did nothing but talk in circles. On top of all that I now have grey overspray all over the entire truck!!! THE WHOLE PAINT JOB IS RUINED!!! When I brought that to his attention he threw me off his property. Never mind the fact that his guys dug through my vehicle in places they had no reason digging. I found several items from between the seats, under a blanket, on my passenger seat. BEWARE!!! Fast Talkin Freddy will bend you over too!!!
5	These guys are seriously so awesome. Not only are they really friendly, but they do a great job. I got my whole car painted by them in December for pretty cheap. Then I just got a scratch on it in June and they buffed it out for free and the guy wouldn't even take my tip. I was in and out in 15 minutes.
5	In my opinion you can't beat these guys for the price. They did a perfect job of matching a custom lavender color that was on my daughter's VW beetle. Fredy stands by his work.  Two thumbs up!
