1	These people are rude, incompetent, untimely, and unprofessional.  The repairman sent out recently was cursing in front of my kids while trying to repair my dishwasher.  He clearly was clueless as to what he was doing.  He then proceeded to tell my what an idiot I was for purchasing the other appliances I have, saying I didn't have a clue about quality.  I would run as fast as you can from this company!!
5	For the last couple years my refrigerator was leaking water inside the main compartment. I had to keep a bowl in there to catch the water and was trying to put off buying a new refrigerator. It worked fine except for the annoying drip. Then I found Appliance Services and hired them to come out and look at the refrigerator. The technician quickly diagnosed the problem: something was trapped in the outlet pipe. So he cleared the pipe and tightened up a few things. The bill was only $100 and I avoided having to buy a new refrigerator, which would have cost much more. It inspired me to clean my refrigerator and reorganize the shelves. There is much more room in there now and I am one happy camper. I highly recommend them if you have an appliance that needs attention.
5	Excellent.  I'm an experienced handyman and know good service.  This was as good as it gets.  On time.  courteous. excellent mess mitigation and clean up. Very knowledgeable technician. Fair pricing structure.Very Satisfied first time user.
1	Terrible. These clowns were on a list to fix my oven covered under warranty. Came out a few days later, told me they would have to order some parts and it would be a week. Ok, fine. Week comes they install the parts and leave. We go to use the oven, problem still exist. So we call Tom the repair man and he says Sorry but that's all he's authorized to repair. Called the customer service and they said they would call us back, haven't heard from them. BBB rates them at an F. I see why. I would call somewhere else if I was you.
1	They have an F rating with the Better Business Bureau.   The only reason I used them is because Spencer's uses them for warranty service.  In hindsight, I'd rather have paid a good company than these guys do it for free.  Their customer service is an absolute joke.  The people they have answering the phones and scheduling appointments are rude, incompetent and could not care less.  Furthermore, you have to agree to be available for a three hour window for your appointment.  It's frustrating they can't be more precise than three hours, but I know must utility companies do this as well and I know some jobs take longer than others, etc.  I came home from work during my time and didn't hear from the repair man so I called to check.  He said he would be about an hour.  This was fine, it was still in the window.  I went to get some lunch, came back in about 30 minutes, and he never showed up at all. He told the main office that I had cancelled on him and needed to reschedule.  This is entirely untrue, and beyond that, I had to miss over three hours of my work day, reschedule meetings, etc. to wait for this guy.  They rescheduled me for Saturday morning.  I got a call today (Saturday) from the repair guy saying he would be here between 1-4 PM.  This experience has been awful.  Don't use this company.
4	I have a service contract with a company that told me it would take two weeks to get my washing mashine serviced.  I had 6 house guest including two babies.  My husband called Spencer's who gave us Goldwing's #.  The were able to come the next day qne were able to fix the problem immediately.  I did let them know the code displayed on the machine before they got there.  The tech did the job immediately and my bill was quite reasonable.  I was very pleased to say the least.  Thank you Goldwing and Mark.
1	My new 4 month old 31 cubic foot LG French door refrigerator didn't seem to be making enough ice ( only filled to half in 24 hours) so I called this "authorized" service contractor G2 to have a look. The tech came out within about 5 days and said that I needed a new fan and board which he ordered. A week later they came back to put the parts in and things appeared to be fine and I went on vacation for 2 weeks. I had my sister check on the house mid way while I was gone and she found the control panel with "er" "f5". All of the food in the freezer was thawed and the water and ice wouldn't work. Only the refrigerator was working. After she let me know and cleaned up the mess I called for the tech to come out to check  to see what happened. They came out the day after I returned which was a week later and found that the tech had ordered and installed the wrong "board" the first time but they told me they would rush the correct part and have it within the week ( before my out of town company arrives). Ok, I know that people make mistakes and stuff happens but they didn't call me, I had to call them and had to explain to the girl that I had expected to hear something from them to schedule the appointment by now. She checked with someone there and when she called back she said that they would probably be getting the part the day my company was coming in and that they'd call to schedule for sometime after that over a week later!! And no one addressed the cost of my food loss which I think they owe me. Customer service isn't one of their strong points either! I hope there's another repair service for LG as I have the 3- year warranty!Yikes! I will update this if they handle this right from here out.
1	I used this vendor because Spencer's suggested them. They have been the absolute worst service provider I have ever worked with or heard about. Reasons Why:-Fridge guy showed up, was rude, and told me he fixed the issue and charged me. He told me it would be working in a hour. It never was. - The same Fridge repair guy did 2 NO SHOWS, and 1 CANCEL in the next week costing me 12 hours of work. - After requesting a new Fridge guy to come out because this one kept wasting my time and not showing up they continued to send the same guy. -Two weeks later he finally shows up again. Tells me he needs to order 2 parts that cost $400. I looked these parts up on Sears and purchased them for $150. I refused to work with this company any longer and they we incompetent. - I call the office several times requesting to speak to management and nothing works. I reach out to my friend at Spencer's and he finally gets the CEO to call me.  We talk and he tells me he will refund me for the charges.-20 days pass and I still do not have a refund. The parts that the Fridge guy said I needed were completely wrong. I continue to call them to see when I will have my refund and they keep doing NOTHING about it. **Sears came in and fixed everything in less than a hour costing only $250 total. I suggest using Sears or a bigger company as they have customer service and a brand reputation to protect. Stay away from Goldwing Appliance!! Not worth the frustration, time, and money for nothing to actually be fixed!
1	Terrible.  The only reason we actually use these people is because our landlord has us call them.  The "customer service" girls on the phone are always VERY rude and have a bad attitude- they are not helpful at all.  Service is rarely available for anyone that works a normal job schedule and they take forever to order the actual parts you need and get them fixed once you actually get them there.  The last service guy came much later than he said he would be there then had gave me major attitude when I told him I had already left the home for the day (I can't sit around and hope someone would turn up two hours after my wait window is up).  All in all- take your business elsewhere and save yourself frustration and a bad experience.
