4	*Disclaimer* It has been many many years since I've been here but...Very romantic.  The restaurant is at the very top of a butte with a stellar view of the city.  The city lights look like a blanket of stars from this vantage point at night.  White glove service.  Continental cuisine.  The food is good, but it is the location and overall setting that makes this place very special.  Take your honey here for Valentines day.  She won't be dissapointed.
3	It gets all three stars for the view.  For the prices charged the food should be oh, so much better.  And the selection is very limited.  But if you are trying to impress a date, and aren't too hungry, this is a very romantic location...
3	I was excited by the view and the outdoor seating.  I sat down, was handed a menu and nearly fell off my chair after looking at the price of everything on the menu.  I am from SF so to come to Phoenix and see prices higher than many of the fantastic restaurants in SF was a bit of shock.  Once I got past the $39 dollars for chicken I decided to enjoy whatever.  I started with the caprese salad.  This is a dish that is good in its simplicity, however, it was prepared with jelly that tasted like a key lime pie.  I was not thrilled by this dish.  This was all saved when the entree arrived.  I had diver scallops with lobster on a pumpkin cornbread piece with some vegetables.  I cannot explain how rich and beautifully done this was.  The scallops were the highlight.  I was a bit disappointed in the lobster(a little tough), but the flavor was just fantastic.  My husband had the ahi, which was also really well done.  It was plated with baby squash sandwiches stuffed with blue crab.  It was really great.  I want to give more stars because I did enjoy the food and the service, however, the price was not justified.  If you are going to charge starting price of $40 an entree, there have got to be little to no complaints. Great scallops though!
2	I must say... I was really looking forward to having dinner here. We were on a quick weekend get away in Scottsdale for my 32nd birthday, and I booked this place to celebrate with the love of my life. Boy oh boy, what a disappointment !!! We arrived, and I was impressed with the atmosphere, decor, and the fantastic view stretching across the phoenix urban sprawl. When we checked in with reception, we were informed that we would have a 10mn wait to be seated outside."10mn ? Not a problem !", I said, and continued on to state that we would grab a drink at the bar and sit outside to take a look at the view, while we waited to be seated in the dining area.And we waited. And waited. And waited. All the time, seeing free seats being taken by others (although there was no one waiting behind us). We ended up asking about it, and they were quite rude, did not apologize, and ended up telling us that they had been looking for us, but we were no where to be found, which is IMHO a load of bullocks, given that we had made eye contact with the floor manager several times during our wait. In the end, we got seated by the bus table, still outside, my mood souring by the minute... but hey, it was my birthday, I wasn't going to let something like that ruin the moment.I wasn't surprised by the prices, as I knew what we were getting into. I was however, surprised by the crappy quality of the dinner we had for the $ we paid. They brought the perfunctory "amuse gueule", which was a joke, to be honest. If I was a restaurant manager, I would be literally embarrassed by what they deigned to serve: 2 table spoons of some sort of artichoke bisque served in a large mug... makes you feel like someone scraped the bottom of a soup pan and was serving you yesterday's leftovers from the local penitentiary. I was quite unimpressed. Gordon Ramsey would have had a fit.At this point, we were also annoyed with the high powered, halogenic lights, that are pointed right in your face, literally blinding you when the beams catch you at the right angle... I was starting to have a head ache, as was my wife.They then came around to serve us some bread and pesto butter, which I must say was pretty nice tasting.... (but come on,... how hard is it to screw up bread??).We perused the wine menu, and decided to order a South African white chardonnay, from the Stellen Bosch region (Mirlest white)... which was pretty good. Nice touch was that we didn't finish the bottle, and they re-corked and bagged it for us before leaving... which was a plus...As a starter, I had the pan seared foie gras... which was a bit too gelatinous for my liking (have had way better)... the waffles were a nice touch. It reminds me of a restaurant in Paris that used to serve foie gras with ginger bread... quite nice... the sweet and salty combo always works wonders.My wife ordered the Chevre walnut tarte... one piece of advice... stay the hell away from it. Its mainly a medley of thick, sandy crust and walnut powder,  with ABSOLUTELY NO DETECTABLE trace amounts of goat cheese.... For 11$, it was an absolute rip off. The server initially didn't react when we told him that this dish was absolutely not a success... however, he did later take it off the bill.My wife just had a really unlucky evening. Being vegetarian, she ordered the Vegetarian Trilogy.  What this ended up being was a soggy vegetable lasagna, served with a supposed macademia truffle sauce that tasted more like peanut butter, except that it was even more bland and greasy.... The truffle scented gnoccis that we ordered as a side dish, looked like, and tasted like stale, soggy, greasy fries... yuck.I however ordered the diver's scallops and lobster, which was pretty good. Not the softest lobster, but damn tasty, and the scallops were perfect, and huuuge. No dessert, as we were pretty disgusted with the whole experience.Net/net: expensive place, crap value for money, food is totally hit and miss, but the view is nice, if they can deign paying attention to the service they provide....
4	I've eaten at this restaurant a couple of times now, and had a really nice experience both times. However, I have to qualify that by stating that both times have been with large (large = ~300 people) groups. And I haven't paid a dime out of my pocket either time. And I was driven back to the hotel on a small bus, with a cold drink in my hand. Which would probably make for a nice experience at just about any restaurant. That said, this place is great for private events with a lot of people. Lots of patio space for pre-dinner drinks and appetizers while everyone soaks in the view. Yeah, it can get hot out there, even in the early evening, but if you're fortunate enough to have a breeze blowing, it's not too bad. And after dinner, when the sun is long gone, and you're enjoying a drink with the city lights twinkling before you, it's pretty damn cool (literally and figuratively).I've had both the filet and fish, and neither has disappointed, although I will say that the prosciutto glazed sablefish I had last time really had no evidence of prosciutto having been involved (which, of course, was the only reason I chose that dish. Prosciutto = bacon = yum). Disappointing. But the fish itself was cooked well and flavorful. The filet is excellent, although they did have some trouble getting the right done-ness out to everyone. No problems with taking it back and getting it right, though.I think the cost of their regular menu is about  $40-50 per entree, and with that in mind, I'd say this would be a better spot for drinks and a couple of appetizers, or even after dinner drinks. I don't think I'd be too pleased with dropping $150 for dinner and drinks based on the food I've had. Yeah, it was good...but not particularly memorable, and for that amount of money, I'd probably want to go with a Ruth's Chris or Flemings, or a similar high end steakhouse.But hey...if the view and ambiance are what you're after, you'll definitely get that here, and plenty of it. Perfect spot for a romantic evening.
5	We were staying at the resort for a July 4th "staycation."  We decided to splurge and have dinner here the night of the 4th. What a great decision!  The food was excellent, the view to die for, and being able to watch the fireworks around the valley from the comfort of our window front table was phenomenal.  I'd go back here in a heartbeat.
4	I returned to DPOV for for the 4th time last weekend. There will most certainly be a 5th, 6th, and hopefully many more visits back to this treat of a dining experience.For the first time, we were able to enjoy bar / lounge for cocktails before dinner.  It had not been completed when we were there last. It is really beautiful and very easy to get comfortable inside the lounge and to relax with a drink or two before going upstairs for dinner. The early evening was perfect outside,  so we also chose to spend time on the patio area watching the sun retreat for the day.Dinner was excellent. We have yet to be disappointed. The view is really spectacular. We wished we would have been in a couple of days earlier to watch the electrical storm outside. I can only imagine how awesome it would be to observe from the peak. The Lobster Bisque is out of this world. I look forward to it each time I go! The fillet was cooked perfectly.  We also had the lobster and shrimp prosciutto. They were quite good as well.  The service was well paced and table staff is well informed and helpful. Our only disappointment of the evening was that there was some confusion to the bar tab. We had closed out our lounge tab, However another parties drinks were added to our bill for the dinner in the transfer from the lounge to restaurant. Though it was corrected, the waiter was surely not convinced that the tab was not ours. This left us with a bitter taste in our mouth as we were leaving.  A five star performance fell to a 4 star over this one incident.  My suggestion, close out your lounge tab and take your receipt. This would have been more convincing and clear to the waiter and would have dispelled any doubt.Though our trip to the Different Point of View is rare for us as we live out of state, we look forward to it each time we trek to Arizona. If you are looking for an upscale and unique dinner experience/ dinner with a great view, take the opportunity to go. Make reservations and ask for  a window seat, the view is really nice!
4	Amazing view and good food equals a win win. Attended a private dinner here which was about as perfect as they come. However, I didn't see the whole menu as a result. The filet was great, but not nearly as good as enjoying a cigar and some drinks on the patio prior to and after dinner inside. This would be a perfect place to take a date and have a nice glass of wine while taking in the view of the ever sprawling Phoenix area.
3	If I was going to review the view, then I would give it 5 stars (though driving up to the view almost made  sick with fear....)I met my friends for dinner on Friday night...there were 8 of us, but the service was extremely strange to me and there were a few mishaps that I felt need to be addressed.  While I thought it was strange that the waiter - who I am tending to believe had some weird social skills - took the order of the ladies first and then the men.  He was gracious enough to ask us if we wanted our bill split by couple.  But when he was taking our order, I knew that he also may have had ADD issues. It took forever for us to order (The waiter said he thought we were still looking because some of us had the menu open...)  My friend next to me ordered the scallops and a side of gnocchi. He asked her if she wanted to start of with a soup or salad.  When he took my order, I said the Halibut.  Did he ask me for a starter?  Nope...he said "Wonderful...make I take your order?" (To my friend's husband)  I wish that I did order a bowl of the lobster bisque.  I was able to try that and it was amazing.  Our entrees were delicious as well.  My friend's short rib (I also go to try) was cooked to perfection.  I heard great things about the lobster and the chicken.  My friends did tell me that the rice was a little undercooked and the gnocchi was a little heavy.Now I wish I could tell you that my dinner was amazing.  I was enjoying the halibut with shrimp, asparagus and purple mashed potatoes.  I finished the shrimp and still had most of my halibut and mashed potatoes when I set my fork down to look at my phone.  (My fault I guess...)  Because the next thing I noticed, a server took my plate away.  There was no "Are you finished?" or "Would you like to take this to go?"  Nothing...just took my plate away.  I noticed that he stacked my plate, so there was no way to retrieve my food.  My friends were finished with their dishes....so when I said "I am sorry, but you took my plate away and I wasn't done", the waiter said that he was sorry and was about to go back to retrieve it.  I told him that I didn't want it now, so he did offer to have the chef make me a new one. (NO!) or if he could refill my drink.  (I was driving, so NO!) I would have thought that I would have gotten a complimentary dessert but I didn't.  I was being treated for this dinner, but still,  the dinner wasn't even comped or had a percentage taken off. I would love to try this place again since the food and view were great.  I would just hope that my service next time would be better.
4	My boyfriend and I went here on Valentine's day of 2009, hoping for a romantic dinner. It was anything but. First of all, the drive up there, in a manual, almost gave my boyfriend a heart attack!! The random useless signs that "try" to direct you to your destination are more in the way than they are helpful! After we FINALLY get to the top, we are greeted by a couple of very nice, and well dressed young men who politely direct you to the restaurant. This place is absolutely gorgeous. I recommend that everyone eat here at least once. Once we got up, past the lounge area, to the receptionist we of course received a bit of attitude. (happens all the time)My boyfriend and I like to eat out a lot, since we haven't the time to cook for ourselves, and since we both are only 19 and look quite young, we tend to run into people who assume that we are the "typical" teenagers. You know, rowdy, cheap and obnoxious. Either that or spoiled because of how expensive this place is. Anyways, after the receptionist barely acknowledged our presence, we were sat in a booth, far from the huge glass windows. I really wish we were closer, but a booth for a romantic dinner is probably the best way to go. Once we got seated, we were addressed by an older man, who definitely did not seem happy with his new table. His introduction was short and sweet. Since the menu was pre fixed, he suggested that we order one of each option so that we may try everything. I can at least thank him for that. The biggest issue that I had, really didn't have anything to do with the restaurant. There was a couple sitting next to us in another booth, practically having sex! Back to the topic, the service after we ordered was very disappointing. We had waaay too many people waiting on us. We had the main server, and 3 food runners/bussers. So we were constantly interrupted. The food was delicious though, and the presentation was phenomenal. Definitely have to make a reservation here.  Our bill came out to be about 230, and then a 60 dollar tip, so 290 total.  Be prepared to spend.
4	We went up here for a party a few weeks ago and wow, what a beautiful place.  The drive up was incredible and the view was just amazing.  The service/food/drinks were great the entire night and what a wonderful night sitting out by the fireplace looking out over the city.  Great place for a Party and I can't wait to go back for a nice little romantic dinner for two.  Maybe I'll be back with 5 stars?
4	I have to say that the view here is EXCELLENT, the food is almost always wonderful... the inconsistancy is the service.  It is a great place to bring friends from out of town, or to bring your parents when they wonder why you live in Phoenix instead of wherever they live.
5	After reading these reviews, I almost felt that 5 stars was too much...then I thought back to dinner and remembered how excellent it was!  First of all, this was on a Saturday night and the restaurant was completely booked up with a wedding on the bottom half and a physician's dinner on top.There were 100+ of us on top and the hor'dourves were that they served were excellent!  They even had a vegetarian one for my  wife!  My Favorite was the lobster casadia!After drinks, they escorted us off the terrace and into the restaurant.  Appitizer:Crab Cake w/ lemon juice and some sweet sauce  YUMMMMMMMY!I would come back JUST for this!  (After living in Louisville, KY, it's been hard to find good food here in the valley. )Salad:Arugula with strawberries, goat cheese and balsamic dressing.Main Course:PERFECTLY cooked steak and sea bass with potatoes.  (Now, remember... FULL wedding below and 100+ people on top.. everything came out perfect...even my wife's vegetarian dishes.)If you ever go to functions where they feed a LOT of people the same dish, you will find a lot of the time that the vegetarian dishes are usually a LOT better...in this case, it was the opposite!  (only because her food could have used some meat in it :) )
5	I have never felt this way about a restaurant in a very long time. I can't even begin to describe how beautiful this experience was. I had brought a date to this great restaurant thinking I have never been here why not. (I don't think my date was worth taking to this nice of a place) We showed up around dusk and eating dinner right by the window seeing all of Arizonas beauitiful colors in the sky was so delightful. Any anniversery or date or birthday for a special one, I would get a reservation asap!!!!ps the bar a level lower is also great. Dance floor and outside patio with view. GREAT!!!
5	It's been 5 years since we moved to Phoenix, and visiting Different Pointe of View has been on my list of things to do since we arrived here.  On Saturday we finally made it, and I wish that we hadn't waited as long as we did.  This restaurant was fantastic, and far exceeded my expectations.  I am always skeptical of restaurants in this price point, especially when you assume that you may be just "paying for the view".  Not true at all.  The food at Different Pointe of View can stand up to the creativity and quality of any other high end restaurant in town.  I had the Port Cabernet Braised Kobe Short Rib: Fresh Sweet Corn Polenta, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Endamame & Blue Berry Balsamic Reduction as an appetizer.  It was delicious and unique, and my only complaint was that there was not more of it.  My wife had the lobster bisque with Heirloom Cauliflower & Lobster Timbale, it too was remarkable, but I was glad that I got the short rib.  For entrees I had the Cedar River Prime New York Strip: Pancetta Chervil Rosti Potato, Braised Artichoke Heart & Portabellas Sherry Caramelized Onion Reduction.  There was a lot going on in this dish, and I appreciated every bit of it.  The steak was perfect and the carmelized onion reduction was incredible.  My wife had the Palo Verde Farms Pork Tenderloin with Chorizo Stuffing: Piquillo Pepper Parmesan Risotto, Sweet Corn & Baby Zucchini Succotash, Caramelized Tree Ripened Peach & White Balsamic Olive Oil Emulsion.  This had a ton of flavor and she loved it.  The risotto was really my favorite part of the dish, but the pork was excellent.  We both had some standard desserts - i had creme brulee which was good, but nothing special, and she had the Chocolate Amandine: Milk Chocolate Mousse and Vanilla Amaretto Cream, which I wish that I had gotten.  We did not sit on the patio, but I cannot imagine a more beautiful place to eat, and I will certainly reserve my table well in advance on our next trip to make sure that we sit outside.  This place will not disappoint, and it is definitely NOT just about the view.
2	I had great expectations for this restaurant as I have stayed and dined at various Point Resorts and restaurants in the valley and heard nothing but great reviews for Different Point of View. I even liked the cleverness of the name and was looking forward to a nice experience, but unfortunately I was sorely disappointed. While the view and atmosphere were very nice our service there was inexcusably poor. We ended up with a guy named Larry who was extremely inattentive, unfriendly, and all around just unprofessional. When he would finally come around he would walk away literally after two minutes WHILE we were still speaking. He was curt and abrupt in his responses and almost hit me with a knife when he dropped the silverware and did not even excuse himself or apologize. Unfortunately his brusque, rude behavior was not merely limited to our table. However, the hostesses, bussers and other waiters around us were all great, so much so we were tempted to move to another table. Maybe he was having a bad night, but for this type of establishment and for the amount of money you're laying out you would expect half-way decent service. The food was hit and miss. The Kobe short ribs were great- flavorful and tender- the tangyness of the balsamic reduction was a nice foil against the mild sweetness of the perfectly creamy polenta. Consequently, we had great expectations for our entrees- if the service was bad at least our food would be good, but alas to our dismay again we were somewhat disappointed. The central elements of our meals, the steak and halibut, were both flavorless and overdone though the supporting casts of sauces and sides were very flavorful and well prepared. The shrimp with the lemon fennel reduction was fabulous, but it could not mask the dryness and lack of flavor in the halibut. The steak was tough and flavorless and when sent back returned somewhat less tough, but still flavorless. Definitely not at all in the caliber of a Ruth's Chris, JnG, or even Fleming's or the Keg. The creme brulee was nice though nothing outstanding and the chocolate amandine had a flat pre-packaged taste- after a few bites we left the remainder. There are too many other great restaurants in Phoenix with fantastic views and ambience to waste this type of money on poor service and mediocre food.
1	5 star location and view.1 star service.2 star food quality.1 star atmosphere.Outside of the outstanding view and patio, I'm having a hard time finding much positive to say about this place.Service sucked. For a restaurant in this price range I'd give it negative 3 stars. Waiter was extremely inattentive. We ended up getting more (& better) service from a different waiter. Not really sure what our waiter was doing all night since we dined late and the restaurant was nearly empty. Our original waiter waited 30 to 45 minutes after we ordered to let us know that the kitchen was out of some items we ordered. This is 100% inexcusable for a restaurant in this price range.Food flavor ranged from bland to unimpressively odd. The preparation of individual items and dish combinations were overreaching, unappetizing and spectacularly disappointing.Desserts where completely underwhelming and generic in options and taste.To add insult to injury, we were seated right next to a drunk party of 6 (the restaurant was nearly empty) who spent the entire night obnoxiously yelling over each other, constantly using vulgar language.  It was extremely difficult to hear the person directly across the table from me speak. Again, for a restaurant in this price range, this is 100% unacceptable.I'd be hard pressed to return to this restaurant even if it had TGIFriday's prices.Considering the prices, I prefer to give this place negative 2 stars. I'll have to settle for 1.If you want to enjoy the view, simply stop by for drinks.If you want a great meal and service, save your money for someplace like BLT or Rancho Pinot.
5	What a fantastic experience! We made our reservation with OpenTable, mentioned that it was our anniversary, and we requested a booth with a view if possible. That is exactly what we got. There are only two booths available but from what i could see there isn't a bad seat in the restaurant.We started out with a couple of cocktails and went over the extensive wine list. The captain helped us out with our menu selections, and what really impressed me was that he didn't just automatically recommend the highest priced entree.We asked to share the Lobster Bisque and they brought it out in two bowls. It was fabulous. My wife got the Pork Tenderloin, I got the Ribeye. Not sure what varietal to pick, we asked for the sommelier, who again to our surprise, recommended a few reasonably priced Syrahs. After discussing a few of the choices we went with a 2006 T-Vine which was perfect with both entrees. The entrees were full meals, with excellent sides. Very filling too.From the captain to the busser, the service was great. The timing was perfect throughout. During the evening, both the assistant manager and manager stopped by the table to see how we were doing.  We shared a dessert that came on a Happy Anniversary plate. Toward the end of the meal we advised the manager that we had planned on a cab ride home. He took care of getting us a cab and told us to just relax at the table until it arrived. My coffee was kept full until the cab was announced and we got home safely in a nice Escalade for a couple of dollars more than one of the discount cab services. ( that was a nice surprise too!)We will definitely come back and are happy that we found a 5 star restaurant in our neighborhood.
5	beautiful setting with a great view and great atmosphere. definitely high end and maybe a little overpriced, but it's worth it every now and then, even with the ocassional snooty people around.we've been lots of times, and i have never been disappointed by the food. service has been slow on occassion and not always friendly, but never rude or lacking. the filet mignon is fantastic! (well, was.. it's been a while since i was here last). the chicken dishes are kind of boring and my mom's had stomach upsets a few times, but she's ridiculously sensitive, and otherwise, this is a really nice place
5	I've eaten ion fine dining establishments all over the globe for over 30 years and this one is in my personal top 5. Not cheap or even reasonable by anyone's standards but this one backs up the tab in spades!
4	A tad on the high end but what a view!!!! Food was wonderful and the staff was friendly. Well worth the extra money
4	This is the place to go to grab a drink with out-of-town visitors, hands down.  The restaurant is what it is, look to spend over $100 a person and stop at McDonald's on the way home to fill up.  If you have the money, or need a place for a fancy occasion, don't hesitate.  The service was great and the food delicious (at 5-star portions).The great thing: you can get domestic bottled beer for $5, and some cocktails (including Bacardi) for $7.  My advice is to head into the bar, grab a drink, and find a spot at a table or couch outside.  You can see the entire valley, and relax by their fire pit/water feature.  Sunset is the best, although I'd recommend a drink before dark and another after.  In all fairness, they could charge you $10 just to come take a peek at their view, and you'd gladly oblige.It's a great place to take photos, or maybe somebody you want to marry.  I'll stick to drinks, and you better bet you'll see me outside any time someone comes to visit!
4	My first time at this restaurant for our 9th anniversary.  Sat us at a table next the windows, I had a great view, by husband didn't has there was a pillar in the way.  The table next to us, with a full great view, stayed vacant the entire time we were there.  I'm assuming they like to keep diners together.  My halibut with laughing bird shrimp and peruvian purple potatoes was to die for, I ate the whole thing.  My husband was just okay with his veal cheeks, didn't care for the sauce and wished he had ordered the halibut too.  The dessert menu was very odd, we didn't order anything, but they brought us a little dessert that had "Happy Anniversary" stenciled on the plate, nice touch.
4	I had been contemplating going to Different Pointe of View for *years*, but because of my continuous status as a poor college student, I've also put it off.  With DPoV participating once again in AZ Restaurant Week, and a dining partner who wanted to take advantage of it, it was finally off to DPoV we went.Before we went, I didn't understand the plethora of "4 stars" that this fancy restaurant constantly receive.  But having gone, now I totally get it.  It's a great restaurant, but it's lacking that little something to make it stand out.The Food:-our 3 course prix fixe was delicious, from the lobster bisque topped with crunchy veggie bits to the filet mignon perfectly cooked to the chocolate heaven dessert, my mouth was always satisfied.  However, it lacked that one abso-freaking-lutely amazing dish that deserves a 5 star.The Ambience: -the view was amazing, and that does deserve the coveted 5 stars :-)The Service:-hailing from normal restaurants of being served by 20 somethings rushing around, the silent and smooth service performed by pudgy older men was a welcome change, and added much to the atmosphere.  However, they could have coordinated a little better.  Ex: 3 different waiters came to make certain we received dessert forks.... thanks, we did.So would I go again?  Definitely, but not until I've exhausted the list of other 4 diamond (AAA  rating) restaurants in the city.
4	Been here twice now.  The views are absolutely amazing.  Even if you don't want to come for dinner, it has a great patio lounge that you can come to for drinks.  Its not a bar scene, but more of a place to go and get drinks with good friends.  The food has ranged from excellent to good.  I had possibly the best lemon drop martini of my life here.  The seafood dishes are excellent.  I also ordered a brussel sprout salad which was amazing.  The steak was ok.  I've had better.  Would definitely recommend this place for a quiet dinner with good friends.  Try to get a table that faces outward.  Its really all about the view.
4	Best experience overall during our mini vacation in Phoenix.  Pricey?...a little but best setting, quality and service compared to many simarly priced venues.  Ancho pork fantastic, filet great, pork belly tasty.  Service a little distracted.  Romantic?...could be but large groups increase the noise level consiserably.  View? Fantastic. Would highly recommend.
4	Restaurant itself was very nice. View was very good next to the windows. The ribeye was only average but the chicken was very good. Creme brulee and the chocolate espresso desserts were excellent.
2	My boyfriend and I went out on a thursday night for a last valentines day celebration at DPOV. Everything started off nice and were really enjoying the view and each other... The place started getting busier and our team of servers began stopping by less and less... By the time we had gotten our entrees they were pretty much nonexistent. Our food was just above Luke warm and our wine was empty.... After about 30 mins of waiting for some one to come over one of our servers came by to clear our plates. He didn't ask how our food was and didn't offer any dessert menus. We aren't really the complaining type but considering the price of the food my boyfriend got up to discuss our issues with the manager whom removed the entrees. This place really needs to improve their customer service skills. We decided to go to one of our favorite places for dessert. The  Rokerij. We won't return or recommend this place.
4	Romantic atmosphere, good food! Host started the evening off rocky but rest of staff was excellent. We've eaten here a couple times and although the food is always good, it's not always great. Some dishes tend to be average with not much interest while others can really surprise you. Overall good atmosphere!
5	This place is great! I have been here quite a few times and have never had any complaints. This last time I actually organized a party for 29 of my relatives with the catering manager and it went superbly! Everyone in the group (from more than 10 different states and Italy) thought the food, service and wine were outstanding. Many told me they planned on coming back when they come to Phoenix again. If you have a date, a business dinner, or a friend/relative you want to treat to a 5 star dinner you can't go wrong here! The food is very unique and delicious. This restaurant has one of the best wine cellars in town and the right people to lead you in the right direction for a good pairing. Oh and I can't forget to mention the ridiculously amazing view from the cliff top overlooking the Phoenix valley! This place is truly a Phoenix gem.
5	I had never heard of this place. I became a member of Open Table and they kept recommending it. I am very glad I decided to make the reservation for The Valenite's Weekend. The menu ran Saturday, Sunday and Monday so that was nice. The dinner included 3 courses. A glass of champagne was not included with meal.We had a table right next to the floor-to-ceiling windows providing spectacular views of the valley of the sun. If you don't get a window seat, don't worry--the tiered dining room affords great views from every table. Happy Valentine's Day!!! Make it special...
5	Wonderful food, wine, service and view. Not to be missed.
4	We came here to end our evening with a couple drinks. Some sort of special event dinner was taking place inside, so we opted to sit outside. But the restaurant space looked very modern and warm.Anyway, outside....GORGEOUS!What a view! What a fire pit! LOVE. The drinks weren't expecially cheap, but the view made up for it. We even met some 'interesting' people around the fire pit.DPOV is a definite must-do if you're staying in the area.
5	We had the Most Delicious meal on Saturday night. We tried Chef's tasting menu and he certainly did not disappoint. It was a delicious 6 course meal.  We have plans to be back very soon!
3	THE BEST lobster bisque...everything else is just ok.  Oh yeah, the view is incredible...
3	Came here with a huge group party for the evening event portion of a conference I was at.  It was definitely not what I expected, and really a pretty neat place!  As others say, the view was phenomenal and the atmosphere was great.  I would have loved to have been there for dinner on a normal night, since what ruined it for me was the size of our group and the way that the dinner was served (buffet-line style, only by the time you got to the end of the buffet line you'd eaten the food you got at the last station - rinse and repeat, so you never really got to sit down).There were plenty of nice, intimate places for people to gather though, and I liked the tiered outdoor seating areas.  The bartenders had a great sense of humor and everyone had a nice time.  The other staff were friendly as well.
5	The food, the ambiance, the service, it was all amazing.  I think everything was awesome because I was with awesome people.  The view outside is also gorgeous.  We were here during restaurant week and had their 3 course meal.  I got the duck ravioli, the filet minon, and the creme brule for dessert.  I sampled their lobster bisque and I wish I had gotten that instead of the duck ravioli.  My filet minon was cooked well done because I am currently pregnant and it was still surprisingly tender.  The creme brule was delightful as well.
4	Great food. The service could have been slightly better. I don't see why my drink should ever run dry when it's just a Coke. Best view of PHX in town. I would never go to Capital Grill or Ruth's Chris if I could get a reservation here.
5	best food ever
5	Update to my review, dined here again recently and it gets better and better.  If you go here, and the special is a meat or fish that you would like, get it.  The specials are SOOO good and really big!  They stay seasonal and change things up, so hard to say exactly what you should get, but the food honestly speaks for itself.  It's worth every penny.Service is great and friendly as well, and every seat in the room has a good view, so not worth complaining if you don't get a window seat.
5	We just moved from Florida and I was looking for a Restaurant with great food, service and a great view to celebrate my husbands 61st Birthday on Friday. It was suggested by a friend to try A Different Point of View... We are so glad we did... Let start by saying the drive up the cliffs to the restaurant was an adventure my Kia wasn't happy about but we made it.. AMAZING views... Greeted by a valet who had plenty of energy and was very informative. We picked the elevator to go to the 4th floor as opposed to the stairs... We were seated in a corner window table with views beyond belief! Greeted by our server , Larry, he wished my husband Happy Birthday and brought a passion fruit drink that was delish compliments of the Chef! Nice touch... Ask for Larry if you go.. he was right in tune with our special requests... We ordered their Signature Salad and I said we would share it... Larry had the kitchen serve it as a split.. Larry made the dinner and celebration very Special. My husband ordered the Rib Eye but my husband doesn't like any thing on his rib eye and doesn't like anything else on his plate with the meat.. Larry must hears this all the time and he explained exactly how it will be plated and assured him that no sauce or veggies would touch the meat. See pictures to see our meals. I held my breath until the plates came out and my Husband loved it- it was perfect. He ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly cooked and full of flavor and it cut like butter. I ordered the Pork Tenderloin and it was tender and full of flavor the corn cakes were like little polenta pancakes they were delishish... The bread and the specialty butter and pesto and goat cheese dips were also full of flavor... The dessert was a Chocolate Espresso cake also very good. The sun was setting and the lights were twinkling-- Just a wonderful experience.. I can't wait to go back when it's a little cooler to sit outside...Don't miss this wonderful casual affordable piece of Heaven!
1	Simply put, this placed sucked. My husband took me there for my birthday and we were really looking forward to it but came away SO disappointed.  First, in a restaurant full of available tables (it was nearly empty), they sat us next to the loudest table in the world.  When I politely asked if they could move us, they happily accommodated us - and moved us one table over from the loudest table in the world.  They knew it was my birthday and said nothing; we sat for 15 minutes, put in drink orders and an appetizer order (we had studied the menu at home and knew what we wanted because we were starving), and we STILL had no menues, and probably would have sat there all night waiting if I hadn't finally asked for some.  We inquired about the 5-course tasting menu, and our waiter admitted he knew nothing about it and said he had to go ask the chef.  No problem, we understand - what we DIDN'T understand was why, when he returned, he still couldn't tell us a stinkin' thing about the 5-course tasting menu - he literally named only 3 or 4 of the ingredients for a few of the courses, and then said "Uh, I can't tell you anything more, I know know how anything is prepared."  When I inquired what the "salad" was comprised of, he he said "some lettuce."  Gee, thanks for the detail.  Finally, the food was really salty!  I'd seriously give this place 0 stars if that were possible. My husband chose this place based on the mostly positive reviews but I guess we are the exception.   I will, however, say that the view was amazing and it's not as though the people were't kind because they were. But for the $, we'd have been better off just going to Mastro's.
3	We recently moved to Scottsdale, AZ and I was looking for a restaurant with a great view and a great menu for my wife's birthday. I found several recommendations for 'Different Pointe of View'. We arrived around 6pm and were seated inside at a table that was front center looking out over the valley. BEAUTIFUL view!!! The restaurant was clean and very quiet. During our visit only 3 other parties dined. If you want a quiet atmosphere, you will find it here. I found it odd that there wasn't background music.We ordered the Lobster Bisque and a Strawberries & Baby Wild Arugula salad. Both were fresh and very tasty. We followed with our main courses, Cold Water Diver Scallops and Wild California Halibut. Our waiter attempted to have the sommelier select a wine for us but he was no where to be found. The Maitre d' finally came over to assist. He made selection that they didn't have. I selected a Merlot and it was very good. They have an impressive wine list and cellar.  Our main courses arrived and I knew right away that my wife was not happy with her scallops. My halibut was delicious. We tried each others and I found the scallops VERY over seasoned, burnt on the exterior and cold in the center.... they were to the point of almost being inedible. Our waiter did not return to see how the meal turned out so I switched meals with my wife. It was her birthday and I avoided raising a disturbance when our waiter finally returned, after we had finished our meal. I ate the worst $32 main course of my life. After a VERY DISAPPOINTING main course we avoided dessert. Portions were undersized and expensive for the quality. We will not be returning for dinner. We might for a drink on the patio. 'Dissapointing Pointe of View'
5	We chose Different Pointe of View to celebrate our anniversary and were not disappointed.   What an amazing view of the city...we sat inside but it would have been lovely outside as well.  The strawberry and arugula salad was wonderful and our waiter took the initiative to split it for us since our plan was to share... Corey, our waiter, was extremely helpful as I'm gluten-free.  He went through the entire menu with me on what I could and couldn't have... so nice that the majority of items were gf or could be adjusted to be... I had the Scallops and hubbie had the halibut -- both really, really good.  We shared the citrus almond/honey cake and it was nice... but next time, we'll go for the flourless chocolate instead.  Wonderful evening... this is a great place for a special night out or to impress visiting family and friends... We're planning to return more often to the Terrace Room for a lower-key evening with a view...
4	Stunning setting, perhaps the most amazing outdoor setting I've experienced. The food was good, better than we expected as many of these types of places rely more on their setting than quality. The staff was exceptional, the lobster bisques very good. Nice hearty martini!
4	Took someone here for their birthday and requested a patio seat 3 weeks in advance but was not accommodated whateves...great views though of phx...as for the food when we arrived we were given a shooter which was very good..for dinner we had the fillet and the chicken with a side of shrimp.everything was super tasty!!!!!i have been to my fair share of fine dining restaurants and usually the service is top notch waiter was below average but would defiantly go back here..
4	Amazing restaurant!! I will admit, I was a little skeptical when I looked at the menu. Nothing really jumped out at me, and I thought this might be more of a tourist trap. I was pleasantly surprised by is place! We took our in laws and aunt and uncle to this place after they had driven across country to snow bird. Needless to say, they were ready for a delicious meal. The wait staff was friendly, but a bit slow, hence the 4 instead of 5 stars. My in-laws took their time perusing the wine menu, but we did not receive the dinner menu until after our bottle of wine was presented by the sommelier. He was an interesting gentleman with a great sense of humor. He was definitely the highlight of our evening service wise.    Once we ordered, after about 20 minutes after we were seated, the food arrived promptly. First we received the most awesome bread, pesto dip, and goat cheese dip. YUMMY!! Then our appetizers arrived. We ordered pork belly and scallops. The scallops were served with a coleslaw and a citrus-like sauce. Our meals were little pieces of heaven. I ordered the lobster and pancetta wrapped prawns. It was served with a rice cake. OMG the best meal ever. My hubby ordered a filet and it was perfectly cooked. My inlaws had the halibut which was my least favorite of the meals, but still excellent.      This place is not cheap, so be prepared to spend a pretty penny.. However, it is really great food and worth every penny!! The view is phenomenal; the city looks serene and calm from high above!
5	I give very few 5 star reviews however I must say that this place is without doubt the most deserving.  The food is simply amazing as is their outstanding wine list and best views in the valley.  This place will satisfy the most demanding critic.  After a delightful dinner the wife and I spent several hours dancing in the lounge to live music classy music.  This place makes you feel like everyday is a honeymoon.  If you are looking for a place to impress anyone this is it.  Great Job Hilton.
5	I just got engaged here last week!  FANTASTIC views of the valley!  EXCELLENT service!When making my reservation, I explained that I would be proposing that evening.  They made sure we had the best window table in the place.  I also had it prearranged that if I hadn't proposed at sunset, that I was going to do it between appetizers and dinner.  I have to give special thanks to our waiter, Luis, as he absolutely went above and beyond.  He made sure our dinner order didn't go in when we placed it(to insure I had plenty of time to propose outside on the patio overlooking the valley), and he even took my camera and snuck outside to take pictures of the actual proposal when I dropped to 1 knee.The food was excellent and so was the wine selection.  It's a little on the pricey side, but worth it.  We both had the lobster bisque and the filet, and both were excellent.  I was pleased to see Cakebread wine on the list, as that is one of my favorites.  They also brought out complimentary hot cocoa from the chef, champagne to toast with, and a special dessert that had "CONGRATULATONS!" written in chocolate on the plate.  We spent 3 hours there, from start to finish, and we were not rushed once.Parking was easy, since you just pull up to the front and they have valet.  There is also a full bar 1 floor below the restaurant that is spacious and classy.  The patio areas of the bar and restaurant also connect together outside, which gives the place a much more spacious feel to it.  The outdoor firepit and fountain area also a nice touch.Overall, I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a romantic place to take your "someone special".  You can't beat the views, and you can even eat outside when the weather is warm enough.  Just make sure you call in a reservation well in advance to make sure you get a good window table.
5	Yet another Fantastic YELP ELITE EVENT....WOHOOO....let me spell it out for you:F.....for Fabulous FoodA.....for Awesome AtmosphereN....for Nostalgic NightlifeT.....for Tantalizing TidbitsA....for Awesome AmbienceS....for Superb ServiceT....for Tempting TreasuresI.....for Invigorating C.....for Complementary CuisineYes at A Different Pointe of View Restaurant all of the above can certainly be enjoyed however it's true value is the VIEW of the Valley of the Sun.....it is unmatched. The manager said if we could find a better view in Arizona....please let him know....well I don't know about the Entire state of Arizona....but as for the Valley maybe the view from the Wrigley mansion would come close.....but it can't touch the AWESOME VIEWS you can witness at A Different Pointe of View. Don't take my word for it....just try it for yourself and I think you will see things from a Different Pointe of View as well. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Amazing view and atmosphere and the lobster bisque was out of this world.  So rich and creamy. The salad with the strawberries was very fresh and flavorful.  I would highly recommend!
4	Wow.....wow, wow, wow WOW!!!! I made it back here less than two weeks after the Yelp Elite Event for a dinner with co-workers. If I come back here a million times, the view here will always leave me awestruck. There can't be a better place in The Valley to bring someone special to take their breath away.Since there were five of us and we love to share, we were able to sample a little of everything. We started with the scallops and duck ravioli. At the Yelp Elite Event I pretty much had a permanent spot at the scallop station so we all know how I feel about the scallops. The duck ravioli was delicious too. LOVED the appetizers.I have to say that those of us who ordered the filet mignon for our main suffered severe buyer's remorse after my co-worker shared her venison with us. The venison was tender and smoky flavored and not at all gamy tasting. Served with sweet potatoes, I am KICKING myself for not ordering the venison. I do have issues with eating animals whom I classify as lovable and beautiful so venison, along with lamb and rabbit are usually off-limits. Had I known what the venison was going to taste like, I think I would have made an exception (FORGIVE ME, BAMBI!!)My filet mignon with horseradish crust, was not bad but especially compared to the venison seemed a bit dull. That didn't stop me from eating all of it.  I have to give them props for the bread they served because it came with a choice of mushroom truffle herb butter, arugula pesto (which was AWESOME) and the THIRD spread, which for the life of me I CAN'T remember was awesome too.....it really was a toss up between the pesto and forgotten spread.We also enjoyed some delicious cocktails and a great bottle of malbec, and later some desert. I can only vouch for my Tahitian Vanilla Creme Brulee which was a great way to finish our meal.The service was impeccable, although my co-worker and I were both given the lobster bisque when we ordered salad. This is hardly a tragedy though because I got to enjoy the lobster bisque too.Different Pointe of View is definitely a place you'd come only on a special occasion but it is, for this Yelper, one of the best fine dining options in The Valley. Just review the menu carefully and listen to your server....you don't want to be out-ordered!
5	i didn't think my little red pickup would make it up the hill. it kept going up and up and up, and then....we were at the top! for the Yelp event!!!!the restaurant was beautiful. all the food provided by the restaurant was excellent. my favorites were the lobster bisque and the scallops. the cheese station with various olive, artichoke, sun-dried tomatoes, etc was also very tasty. of course the name sake sells it all. stunning overlooks of the valley on this crystal clear night. fire pits dotted the patio area, with several seating areas to offer different options.it was our first time here and we were thoroughly impressed!
3	The food was very good, and the view is spectacular! This is a great place for a nice meal out or for a celebration. They were generous with their portions and even brought us two soups (when we had only asked to split one). The service was also very friendly and knowledgeable.Our main issue was that the soup we had was WAY too rich (too much creme or butter or something?). It was delicious, but part of the way through, we suddenly felt massively full. We had a hard time eating the rest of our meal and had to bring most of it home. We both had that sick-full feeling throughout the rest of the night. Maybe it was just us, as we normally eat healthy, so it might have been a shock to our stomachs. Otherwise though, the food was very good!
4	I was here for a yelp event. The food was amazing, and the view was spectacular.I'd like to bring a date here sometime.
5	Here's the theme of Different Pointe of View- you're there for the view, and you're paying for the view.Entrees run from $25-$39, and it's completely worth the cost, especially at sunset.There is an expansive outdoor terrace if you need to be in the open air to take in the panorama from South Mountain to downtown to Squaw Peak and everything in between. After dark, the valley lights up like stars laid out on the desert floor.The menu is American with some French, Latin and Native American influence. Don't pass up the scallops. They're amazing.Halibut is also a great pick from the entrees. It was cooked perfectly and the portion size was almost enough to have leftovers. The wine list is just gratuitous, but you can find some affordable and decent wines by the glass for under $10.Service was attentive without hovering, and due to the dimly lighted atmosphere, the servers sometimes use a small flashlight when serving your courses and explaining what's on your plate.Great for a romantic meal, a special occasion, or to bring your out of town guests for drinks and for the view.
5	One of my favorite places to dine out for a special occasion.  Opted to do something different for Girl's Night out and headed to Different Pointe of View.  We opted for the Chef's tasting menu and were thoroughly impressed!  Our first item was an amazing scallop and shaved fennel salad.  The scallop was prepared perfectly!  This course was paired with a lovely glass of Roussanne.  Next we had a spectacular salad that there is no way I can do it justice by explaining it. Pears, pecans, blue cheese  - trust me  - AMAZING!  This course was paired with a Syrah Rose - Fun!  Moving on - Halibut served with Gnocchi and Lobster.  Again - perfect and served with a blend of Viognier and Marsanne. Our final dish was filet served with risotto and paired with Mourvedre.The service was outstanding and of course the view is worth every penny.  Want to impress or wow a date, business partner or in-law - Different Pointe of View will deliver every time!
4	The food and drinks were excellent.  When we were there the kitchen was closed for a private party, but the lounge food was good.  They also serve marshmallows that you can roast in one of the fire pits around.  The view is beautiful, we missed the sunset by about 5 minutes, but it would have been amazing.
5	This is my FAVORITE place to dine out in the greater Phoenix area. The food (I recommend the steaks) is almost as good as the view and the service is impeccable. My boyfriend took me here on a date a year ago, and it was definitely one of the most romantic restaurants we have found in Phoenix yet. The prices are a little high ($25 - $40 per entree), but it's well worth it and you won't leave disappointed. If you like American or French food (who doesn't?) and have a special occasion or just feel like doing something different, I highly recommend Different Pointe of View to everyone!
5	The most amazing experience ! Chef Anthony's passion comes through with every bite... Ian's service was impeccable. He was a step ahead, and every recommendation blew our expectations away.
4	My wife and I went here on a Monday, April 2nd for our one year anniversary.  The reviews we've read definitely made this place seem like a winner.  I made a reservation for 6:30, just shortly after the restaurant opens.  The drive up the mountain was steep but the resort is beautiful and you could just tell that the view at the top would be amazing.  Were we ever surprised!The valet parked my car and we went inside to be seated.  Unfortunately the patio wasn't open for service but they sat us by the window so we had a great view of downtown Phoenix.  One complaint we did have about our table was that it felt like we were in the path of all the server traffic.  It was also right next to a door to the patio so a couple of people tried to come in and out but the door was locked, so that was a little distracting.  Our server, Lenny I believe was his name, was very friendly and informative.  There were so many people that came to our table giving us water refills and bread and clearing our plates.  Lenny helped me pair a wine with my dinner.  My wife ordered the duck ravioli as an appetizer and I had the lobster bisque.  The lobster bisque was phenomenal, every bit as good as the previous yelpers have proclaimed.  And the duck raviolis were excellent as well.  The ravioli was cooked perfectly, just aldente enough so that it had a nice chew, the way I like my pasta cooked.For dinner, my wife had the lobster and prosciutto wrapped prawns.  Both were so flavorful because they were braised in butter, which adds flavor every time.  I had the scallops over a bed of rainbow cauliflower and some sauce.  The sauce was a little too citrusy  for me and the scallops were almost better without it.  There were also a couple pieces of black garlic, which I forgot was in the dish.  So when I took a bite of one not knowing what it was, that sent my mouth into shock and I immediately had to wash it down with water.  Minus that, both dishes were very good.After dinner, we walked out onto the patio and down to the bar section to take some pictures with the city in the background.  The weather was amazing and we were so lucky to have the cityscape as our backdrop.  Dinner was a little pricey but I was glad we could share a fancy dinner on a special occasion.
5	wow!!! incredible views, service off charts and food was as exotic as i have seen i would come back over and over again if i could afford it definatey a special occasion place!!
4	What a beautiful experience. The views, the atmosphere, the perfect weather and good company plus good wine. He and I came here at around 4 on a Sunday and had our choice of tables on the patio, there was only one or two the tables occupied. If you can, you simply MUST sit along the railing outside. You are treated to a beautifully unobstructed view of the valley and mountains in the distance. Overall we had a really lovely time and would definitely return. However. The service left something to be desired. The girl taking care of our table was very sweet but seemed extremely unsure of herself and made things a bit uncomfortable. She didn't know much about the wine list (granted, it is huge, but still) and was awkward opening the bottle we selected. The cork ended up being rotted so we were able to get a new bottle which a gentleman opened for us. He was much more sure of himself and made us feel more at ease. By around 6:30 it started to fill up outside, so be aware of when you get here to pick out the best table. Cheers!
2	We had dinner here last night. We had visited last year but got to the restaurant too late for sunset. We wanted to come specifically for drinks outside than dinner. However, they had the entire cocktail lounge sealed off for one corp event, and the outside dinning sealed off for another corp event. They didn't let us know ( we had reservations) until we arrived. This was extremely disappointing. All they offered were a bunch of " I'm sorries". Very disappointing.
5	The views from this restaurant are amazing.  We were very pleased with everything from the wine list to the dark chocolate for desert.  The menu is nice the food presentation and qualtiy "the best".
5	We dined here on Monday, May 21st and took advantage of the Restaurant Week prix fixe offer.  All items on the prix fixe offer are part of their regular menu.Started off with an amuse bouche of cucumber and heirloom tomatoes - tasty.  Then, foccacia and another type of nondescript bread with 3 spreads: goat cheese and olive oil emersion, piquillo pepper pesto, and lemon butter - all good.  First course was their signature lobster bisque - smooth, creamy, delicious.  Second course was their risotto of the day (tomato, saffron, chicken sausage and grilled shrimp) for me and the halibut for my husband.  Both were well prepared with fresh ingredients and tasty.  Dessert was their signature vanilla creme brulee with strawberries for me and their espresso cup (chocolate cake with white chocolate marscapone filling, topped with coffee ice cream and a light milk chocolate sauce) for my husband - both were super tasty!  Portions were significant - you won't be leaving hungry.View was amazing.  Ambiance was cozy, quiet and romantic.  Service was excellent.  I would definitely come back here again and bring visitors.If it wasn't so hot outside, I would also dine out on their patio by the fire pit.
5	There are restaurants you go to for the food. There are restaurants you go to for the crowds. And there are restaurants you go to for the view......Different Pointe of View is the undisputed champ in the latter category. The food is good, about what you'd expect for the price (but that's not why you're here). You're here because those twinkling lights of Phoenix spread out before you both  will whisper sweet nothings to her like nothing YOU could ever think of. Nothing more romantic. So yo, Casanova,  if your love life needs that extra push off the (Tapatio) cliff, bring her here. And thank me later!
2	For a restaurant that supposedly prides itself on its five star service I was very disappointed. First off the waitress looked completely disheveled, messy hair too small faded black shirt and cheap looking black pants. Then when we placed out order for the mussels we were advised by her that they are very fishy this time of year. My husband had never tried them so we took a chance. We also ordered the Kobe beef sliders and the tomato salad. The Kobe sliders were so well done you could call them burnt, the salad was tiny with wilted lettuce and the mussels(surprisingly) were good. By the time we saw our waitress again we were finished with our meal. I asked her about the Kobe sliders and commented that they are always prepared well done and she quickly brushed off my comment and walked off.So much for the customer is always right. Needless to say my husband and I were very disappointed to spend a hefty amount of money for so-so food and terrible service. Needless to say we will not go to Different Pointe of View again and will NOT recommend it to our family and friends.
3	We were in the lounge on Friday. What a beautiful room and patio. Service was not impressive at all. Our server paid very little attention to us and lacked any kind of professionalism or personality. While we were all chatting and visiting with an out of town guest she came over, interrupted us by saying, "so, you ready for the check?" clearly she was done with us.
5	I'd love to give this place MORE than 5 stars!!!In Phoenix a few weeks ago I needed to planb a nice dinner for a group of 10.  I thought about a few places and wanted to come here because of the view.  (Get it? Different Point of View.....?) Anyway, while I did initially pick DPOV because of the view, I fell in love with the perfect service AND the perfect menu.There were great options for my picky group, and not one person left unhappy, or hungry.  In addition, they seem to have a pre-fix menu with a nice price tag if you're ballin on a budget.  Everything was AMAZING and it's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in DC!
5	I have to say that of course the view is spectacular, but that is not the only reason we try and frequent Different Pointe of View! It is the service, and attention paid to guests! The knowledge and talent of the chef and every staff member - the daily risotto i had on Saturday was a Parmesan and garlic risotto with duck mousse folded in, and slices of duck all around with a raspberry citrus sauce that was absolutely incredible - i ordered it on recommendation of our favorite server - Ian- i was a bit nervous because i don't like duck...BUT, i finished every bite! Chef Anthony, Ian, and really everyone, make it a fantastic, personal experience every time, and they keep us craving more of their excellent food, amazing personalities, and unmatched talent.
5	Fabulous! Great views (obviously) of the city. Very romantic. Amazing wine list. Superb service. Delicious menu. Luis was our server - great guy full of very helpful information (especially wine pairings). LOVE the lobster bisque (I'm usually not a fan of lobster or bisque). Amazing flavor combinations in everything we tried. I also love ending my meal with a perfect vanilla bean creme brulee. Highly recommend if you're bringing a newbie to Phoenix or if you'd like a romantic night out.
5	I brought my wife here for our anniversary and we came as a family for my birthday.  Both times it was an enjoyable evening with great views, great service, and great food.  I like to "wow" my family from out of town on what a great place the Phoenix/Scottsdale areas are.  This is one of the true bright spots.  I will be coming back again and hopefully for the bar/lounge scene.
5	Had a great meal and a great time here. Wait staff was excellent and the view was wonderful.
5	Unbelievable, food, service, and ....view.
3	Nice patio up in the mountains with a view of the Scottsdale area.  Several fire pits for you to sit around and relax.  Choice of Dinner inside/out.  I was there on a company function and there was a set dinner menu.  The food was respectable, but not memorable.  If you looking for a nice romantic night out with view of the Scottsdale skyline this is the place.
2	Made an Open Table reservation that apparently didn't make it in.  Luckily they had a spot for us on the terrace but I kind of wonder if they just wanted us to appreciate the view..  Good view, but a little annoyed at passing a half empty air conditioned room to get to our table.  The ironic thing is we probably would have chosen to sit outside if given a choice.The bread came with a pesto, some kind of dip and a raspberry butter(?).  Nothing outstanding although I did enjoy the pesto.  Maybe if the bread was warmed a bit it would have been better.The lobster bisque was very good.  Didn't taste too fishy but had a nice full lobster flavor.  Liked the touch of creamed corn.  We both got the halibut as our entree.  It was good, but I wouldn't say outstanding.  None of the parts were awesome and together they were just ok.  Presentation was lovely.. For desert I got the upside cake.  The coconut sorbet (?) was good, the cake was passable and the cut fruit didn't add or detract much from the dish.I was kind of disappointed because the place had such great ratings.  The view was nice and the drive up was exciting.  But the dinner was anticlimatic that climaxed at the bisque.
5	Tim Robbins was our server!!!Just kidding, it was really Corey, but the resemblance was pretty amazing. Anyway, I had a fantastic dinner here the other day which started off with a delicious glass of  Seghesio Zinfandel ($12) and an amuse bouche that was some sort of minty-pea gazpacho soup. Both delicious, leaving me excited for the rest of the meal. For my appetizer I got their Hydroponic Butter Lettuce Salad ($13) which was super tasty with the caramelized nectarine dressing. I found the the toasted pistachios one of the best parts of the salad as it helped offset the sweetness from the dressing, which was always a yummy experience in my mouth. The bread service came with choices between a foccacia and a mild sourdough to try with their three different spreads consisting of a goat cheese olive oil emulsion, some sort of pepper pesto olive oil, and a spicy butter mixture. The pepper pesto spread was the table favorite.I ordered the Grilled Cedar River Marinated Hanger Steak ($32) that come atop a scrumptious basil blue cheese risotto mixed with chopped portabella mushrooms and drizzled with a roasted tomato garlic olive oil emulsion. Oh my gosh, so good! I was debating between the Hanger Steak or the Featured Risotto, but get the steak because you get the best of both worlds! My lovely date ordered Pork Tenderloin Noisettes ($26) that wasn't nearly as exciting as my entree, but still good.Dessert time left us trying the Classic Creme Brulee ($9) and Apples on the Rocks ($9). The creme brulee was the typical rich taste, but it came with a buttermilk blue cheese cookie! Oh man, that led to another party in my mouth with the combo of sweet and salty goodness. The Apple dessert came in a lowball glass (get it, "on the rocks") which was pretty cute. It came with a scoop of apple spice ice cream and a scoop of vanilla cream ontop of an oatmeal cranberry cookie and drizzled with caramel. It was good, but the blue cheese cookie was really memorable so I recommend getting the brulee for that reason.The restaurant is located on the top of North Mountain in North Phoenix with floor-to-ceiling glass windows. This creates a fantastic view overlooking Central Phoenix from wherever you are seated in the restaurant (but if you can, request to be my the window). Also, try and come around sunset because its really neat to see the transition from day to the sparkly lights at night. There is a patio that would be fun to dine at when the weather is cooler. I find the prices to be extremely fair with portions and taste, so don't let that deter you from trying this restaurant.Five stars for impeccable service by Tim Robbins, aka Corey, quality tasting food, and, of course, the view! I want to come back very soon!
4	I have been to this restaurant a couple of times and I always leave happy and satisfied. I love coming here for the view as it reminds me of home. We came here once again for a special occasion which was a farewell dinner for my mom who was visiting from South Africa. I had made a reservation using Opentable and asked for a nice view as a treat to my mom on her final night. The hostess reserved us a table with a splendid an unrestricted view. We had a very attentive waiter - Luis - who treated us with colorful and informative descriptions of the menu. He also took care of us with an exquisite after dinner treat seeing as how mom was leaving. The dinner was exceptional - as always, so was the atmosphere, the company and the wine. Do go here! I suggest arriving a little before the dinner reservation to enjoy drinks on the patio while watching the sunset...always a treat! Call ahead of time to find out whether the patio will be open - it has happened to me twice that it was reserved for private functions. (Which was totally my bad - but maybe someone else can benefit from it.)
5	My boyfriend took me here on my birthday and it was AMAZING! I cant even remember what we ordered but everything we got was absolutely DELICIOUS!!!! our waiter was great. So friendly and engaging. His recommendations were fantastic. The view was spectacular. We went at night, but the view would be even better if you went during sunset (az does the best sunsets!). Its pricey but well worth it! You are getting 5 star food for your dinero! I highly recommend this place! YUM!
5	We had our 9 year anniversary dinner at Different Pointe of View, and it was one of the best we've had.  We sat on the patio and had one of the best views in the valley.  Luis was our waiter, and a true professional he was.  Sometime you have an experience that you know will be burned in your memory for a long time... this was one of them.  Thank you Luis and DPOV for making our anniversary such a great one.
5	I simply cannot review this place because it's too amazing.
1	This confirms my opinion that restaurants that claim to have a great view rarely have good food but are always overpriced.  This one is also old and run down.
4	I'm going to preface this by saying my meal here was paid for by the company, and that we bought out the whole restaurant for our group party.But having said that, this place is phenomenal. A perfect date place to make an impression and here's why:Ambiance:  The view is gorgeous.  At sunset, you can watch the sun go down over the city while surrounded by small bonfires on the patio.  It is beautiful, and once the sun has set, you can relax outside watching the beautiful stars against the dark sky and local hills/mountains.  Seriously can't be beat.Food:  Excellent quality.  Started with a delicious salad, followed up with a absolutely tender salmon and medium steak over some buttery scalloped potatoes that was designed to be art on a plate, and finally finished with a vanilla bean creme brulee that was just crisp on top (that nice crackle of sugar) and a smooth vanilla flavor throughout afterwards.Seriously, between the food and view, this is a great place.  I only withhold a star because I have no idea relative to the value/pricing of the place.Verdict:  I'd love to bring the wife here in the future for a meal and view!  Hoping to come back soon!
4	Was very happy with our visit to this restaurant. View was nice, service was perfect, and the meal was divine. I have a gluten allergy and they could not have been more helpful, in fact most of the dishes are gluten free. It was worth every penney.
5	I came here with my two sisters a couple weeks ago and all three of us agreed it was one of the best experience dining experiences any of us had ever had. We had gotten a limousine so that we didn't need a DD but we were disappointed when the driver informed us he would have to drop us off at the resort so we could take a shuttle to the top (the road is too steep and narrow for a limo). The friendly shuttle driver told us that this is a common surprise to groups coming for special occasion parties like the prom. So, just something to be aware of. Once we got up to the top, it really did feel like the place was built right into the mountain top. You can see the exposed rock of the cliffside surrounding the entrance. It was very cool. We rode an elevator to the top floor and you could see why they wanted to be as high up as possible. The view was stunning. I am sure it would be gorgeous at sunset but this was around 8pm and I personally really enjoyed being able to see all the city lights shimmering below us. The design of the restaurant is upscale but understated; they keep everything neutral so that the large wall of floor to ceiling windows is the main focus.We decided to do the tasting menu and I am so glad we did. It was worth every penny ($80pp plus $40 for wine). The portions were a decent size and every one was delicious and unique. My sisters requested no shellfish or veal (and unfortunately I had to comply) so the chef substituted two of the dishes with something else. Our waiter was very diligent about making sure that we were all happy. We started with a piece of pork belly with wild mushrooms on a bed of bleu cheese polenta. This was a surprising first course (I think it was supposed to be shrimp) but I loved it! The pork melted in my mouth and I loved the tangy bleu cheese mixed with the creamy polenta. We had gotten the wine pairing as well so the sommelier made his appearance and explained that since we were changing up the dishes he was changing up the wines as well. He selected a very light red that had enough tannins to complement the pork and the cheese but was still light enough for a first course. This wine is not on their list but he had a couple bottles that he was trying out himself and he picked that one for us since he knew it would go with the dish that the chef had changed around for us. I couldn't believe how accommodating the staff was to their guests and how coordinated and educated they were. Second course we got a Pillsbury Rose which was also fantastic and the sommelier told us all about the history of this local winery and some stories about the AZ wine culture in general. It was awesome. The wine went perfectly with the salad we were served of assorted micro-greens with fresh currants and a tangy, fruity vinaigrette. A nice surprise was that under the greens were some hamachi sashimi. The fish was delectable and the salad was an explosion of flavors. I love dried currants in baked goods and currant jam but I have never in my life even seen a fresh currant, never mind bunches of them still on the vine. It was very cool! The next course was the fish course, accompanied by a crisp white blend. I am not a fan of sea bass but this one was cooked perfectly and it was a different type that was pink like salmon. I confess it did not convert me to being a sea bass lover but I loved the vegetables it was served with so much that I scraped up the remaining sauce with the rest of the bread in the bread basket (which was a very tasty focaccia, btw). The last course was the highlight of the whole experience. It was medallions of venison tenderloin. They were well-done (which is how I like my meat) but still completely fork-tender. The sauce for this dish was equally delectable, a sweet red wine reduction. The flavors in this dish were fantastic and the portion size was so large that my sisters had to take half of theirs home. The wine for this dish was a wonderful red that was so amazing I am going to go hunt it down and I will buy at least one bottle no matter how much it costs. I managed to save a bit to go with my chocolate cake dessert. The cake was good but it also came with a small cup of a super-thick and creamy hot chocolate that was out-of-this world. I thought it was great that we each got to pick our own dessert but my sisters both ended up not caring for theirs. One ordered the Apples on the Rocks, which is the one all the Yelpers raved about but it was completely tasteless and boring. It tasted like they had messed up and forgotten a few ingredients (like sugar?). My other sister ordered the chocolate and chestnuts dessert which was at least passable but somewhat blah. The boring desserts were not a big deal, though, since by that point we were sooo full!It was such a fantastic experience from start to finish I really think this is one of those places every Phoenician must go at least once. Great food, great service, great ambiance. I highly recommend!
5	WOW! my girlfriend and I ate here on Valentines weekend and we were blown away. We were greeted and sat down promptly (before our reservation time... we were about 10 min early).  Not only was their staff very hospitable but we greatly enjoyed our meal, and of course, the view.  This restaurant on the mountain oversees Phoenix and could not be a more beautiful location for dinner. Our meals were fantastic. I enjoyed the tasting menu, and she tried the steak and lobster, which was amazing.After our meal, we spent some time on the patio, which is well equipped with seats, fire places, and heaters. Overall, a wonderful evening with my Love and an excellent dining experience.
5	DPOV is the best restaurant I have ever been to. The views are amazing, the atmosphere is great, and the staff is really nice. Each time I've come here with my wife, it's been a special occasion and the staff has always done something personalized for us to make the night special. We got to meet Chef Anthony and he even made a special surprise appetizer for us a few times. I brought my wife here for our first date, proposed to her here, and we even got married on the balcony outside. Dining in Phoenix doesn't get better than this. To me, it's the Ritz Carlton of restaurants
5	Not just your average review.  Great story and example of how good the service is...even when your not the diner.I wanted to do something really nice for two of my friends on Valentine's day.  One problem though, they live in Arizona and I'm in California.  I know! I'll send them to dinner...wait, but where?  I have no knowledge of the restaurant scene in AZ.  So naturally, I jump on Yelp and start looking up restaurants.  Different Pointe of View comes up and it looks like a fantastic choice.  I check with one of my friends (she is in on the surprise) and turns out this is one of their favorite places to eat.  They are both foodies so that told me immediately that the food must be excellent.So I found a place, but how do I arrange this so that everything goes smoothly?  Enter Catlyn, the hostess who answered the phone when I first called.  I explain the situation and what I would like to happen.  I was expecting something to the tune of "I am sorry sir but we cannot accommodate a request like that," or something of that nature.  Catlyn responded enthusiastically to this idea and said she would email me the correct form to fill out so that dinner would be taken care of.  She then took my reservation for my two friends and assured me that they would be well taken care of.Within hours the form was in my inbox.  I filled it out, preselected a bottle of wine off of the website and faxed it back to the restaurant.  Catlyn responded to each and every email correspondence  I sent her regarding my requests as well as making sure her managers were aware of the situation.  Her enthusiasm and professional manner made me feel at ease with regards to how the evening would unfold.  I knew there was only so much I could do from California so I was reliant upon people I have never met.I spoke with Catlyn on the phone once again to confirm the reservation and that everything was in place.  She assured me everything was good to go.  I was trusting the staff and the restaurant to come through for me.  A Town Car (not arranged through the restaurant FYI) picked up my two friends on Friday and drove them to Different Pointe of View.Friday evening came, hours later so did the phone call.  Just hearing how happy and surprised they were on the phone assured me that they had a tremendous dining experience.  They said the food was "amazing", the service was "incredible" and that they could not have had a better evening at dinner.  Their experience held true to every promise that Catlyn had made, and in turn made me me feel like the trust I placed in the restaurant was more than respected.  The restaurant went above and beyond.  I could not of been more pleased.I am so thankful to Catlyn and the staff at Different Pointe of View who played a part in my little surprise.  Thank you for helping me bring joy to two special ladies.  The way the evening went made me feel like they were just as important to the staff as they are to me.  Next time I am in Phoenix I will be stopping by to say hello and enjoy the food for myself, because I already know it is excellent.  Bravo DPOV!
4	sweet view and great food and good wine
2	Dined on Friday, 2/22/13. My wife and I recently moved to the Phoenix area from Chicago and I really had no idea about where to dine. It was my wife's birthday and I wanted to dine at least at a 4 star restaurant- so I came to Yelp for advice.Our reservation was 8:15pm and we arrived at 7:55pm. We were invited to sit in the lounge area, which we did, and I expected to do so since we were so early.  We sat in the lounge for about 10 mins and were not approached by a server. In fact, I thought there were no servers since I saw none on the floor so I went to the bar and ordered myself, just like I would at a Chicago neighborhood bar. (Irk#1)Drinks were good and strong, but REALLY pricey- $26 for 2 drinks.Around 8:30pm, we went back to the hostess desk as no one came to get us for our reservation yet, (they said they would find us in the lounge). We were told our table still wasn't ready and to wait by the fireplace. I was a little peeved now and Iwould have expected to wait if I was late- but we were sufficiently on time I thought. We were seated after waiting another 5 mins or so. (8:45pm-30 mins late)(Irk#2) The wait staff, I thought, were pretty good overall. They did a lot of table "hopping", i.e. covered each other's tables, so diners were well taken care of yet not too pushy or chatty.We both ordered the lobster bisque soup. I ordered the halibut and my wife ordered the scallops. Bread was not brought to the table until after we ordered dinner- which was 10 mins after we were seated. (irk #3) The sourdough bread was excellent. The focaccia bread was kind of bland and dry. There were 3 dipping sides offered with the bread, which were very good. Lobster bisque was quite delicious. They put this "hydroponically infused" basil seasoning on top of the soup that was very good. I thought the soup was a little overcooked (sitting in the pot too long taste) but still good. My dinner arrived hot and the halibut was bland and little overcooked. (pan-fried). I asked for 2 more pieces of the sourdough bread to eat with my dinner and we were told they were "out" of sourdough. (irk#4). Friday night dinner service and out of bread? Really? My wife's scallops were cool as well as her vegetable sides on the plate. (irk #5)The waiter didn't check on us until 10 mins after the dinner was serves (irk#6) so it wasn't feasible to send it back to get reheated. The waiter offered us comp deserts for the trouble, at least.The last irk (#7) was that we asked for a bag to put our left-over take home boxes in- 3 total boxes. The waiter said they "were out of bags". He checked twice and the 3rd time brought us a Home Depot bag. I asked if he went to his car to get it. How difficult would it have been for the restaurant manager to go down to the gift shop and grab a couple of dozen bags? Maybe my expectations are too high since I'm from Chicago(?), but when  a restaurant is rated 5 stars by all of you Yelpers, I expect a little better service when dropping a couple of hundred bucks. Other than the view and the ambiance- I wouldn't recommend this restaurant.
4	Over-the-top gourmet restaurant with fantastic views.  This probably deserves five stars but I'm not a huge fan gourmet at this level.  I'm told it's very old but didn't feel that way.  In fact, felt newer, modern.Crazy expensive. You don't go here looking for a huge rib eye and baked potato.  There's meat on the menu, sure, but you may not recognize it as the descriptions are confusing to those of not in the habit of dining in these types of establishments.I ordered a lobster dish.  I expected one thing, I received another.Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, I just had trouble locating the lobster.  I found a hunk on noodle.  It was good.Service is great.  Not hovering but very attentive.Probably not a place I'd go back to but those who like gourmet with fantastic views will enjoy it here.
3	I really want this place to be more than exceptional but after the second visit (months after the first) I can only say this:  you pay too much for the view.The service is very old-fashioned and very doting but the menu needs a re-think.  Times have changed but this place is stuck in the 90's.  bottom line, it is an overly expensive resort restaurant with OK food and exhorbitant prices.
5	One of the best views ever. We sampled a few of the cocktails and the lounge food. The scallops were amazing. We tried two of the salads, the brussel sprout and heirloom tomato and both were original and tasted great. It's pricey, but definitely worth a visit, when you want to splurge a little.
4	The views are absolutely amazing, especially if you get to have dinner on the patio. The service and food were very good. Go early to the bar before dinner so you can see the sunset behind the mountains... Breathtaking! Dinner for two with a bottle of wine, two apps, two entrees, dessert, and coffee was $200 with tip included. Definitely worth it when you factor in the views and atmosphere.
5	Dined here on 3/23 with a friend. We had reservations for 730 and quickly realized we should go earlier because we wanted to see the view with some light. So, we went to the Terrace for drinks/apps which is just one floor below and has the same identical App menu. We sat on the patio there & had a great time. We went upstairs for our dinner at 0730. I had the salad with blood orange vinagraitte which was delicious and then I had the filet and my friend had the hanger steak. My steak was delicious. It came with something weird on the side that I didn't care for, but I had enough with everything else I had eaten. My friend loved her hanger steak and it came with some sort of mushroom risoto deliciousness. We ended by splitting the apple dessert and it was great. Our waiter, Bob seemed a little aloof and annoyed when we asked questions about the menu items/wine list. Since it was packed on a Saturday, I wonder if they are pressured to get people in & out? Not really sure. He did a great job of bringing our food out in a timely manner & keeping drinks filled. My meal with a salad, filet, and a glass of wine & half the dessert cost was 70$ I honestly don't think that is that expensive as some others have reported. $70 for a nice, upscale dinner is pretty much expected. This place is beautiful with great views and great food. Would definitely return.
3	I have put this one off because in my three visits to this restaurant I have had widely diverse experiences.  (See Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort for my hotel review.) The primary differences between my experiences at the restaurant seem to center around the volume of people and the time of year you go.  The service AND food were much better during off-peak season.  Phoenix is a very seasonal city and the restaurants and hotels are sometimes overwhelmed when peak season hits in February.First of all, yes, come for the view.  And if you want fancy, this is where you go for fancy.  So don't get all worked up because they don't have a ribeye or burgers.You are mostly paying for the view and the ambiance, and both are wonderful.  If weather permits, ask for an outside table when you call for a reservation.  Second, prepare for the expense.  Dinner is about $29-$45 just for your entree, and the wine, while excellent, is commensurate with the food prices.  I have had the lobster bisque, which is out of this world, and the pan-seared diver scallops, which were average, as appetizers.   The lobster bisque is, of course, really super rich and fattening, and even though I wanted to slurp the whole thing down (which would be frowned upon in a place this upscale) I controlled myself, but I still felt like I was going to pop by the time dinner came.  Maybe share one with a friend.  (It was worth the popping feeling.)At my first two visits here, the bread came out early and was delicious.  At the last visit, I had to ask for it three times and just gave up when it still wasn't there when my entree arrived.  The three sauces they bring with it are all yummy (again, fattening).In my continuing quest to reacquaint myself with my hip bones, have tried three of the four salads, including the hierloom tomato carpaccio (tasty and light but nothing out of this world), the crisp apple and micro herbs (much more interesting and really delicious), and the blood orange and rocket arugula (very tasty and interesting).  Salads will run you from $11-$13.At $43, the filet mignon was probably the tastiest entree I have had there, and it was well prepared and had cooked to my picky little specifications.  One time I had the Chef's feature, which was sea bass and was delicious.  I tasted friend's plates and the pork tenderloin was really quite good.  Another friend has the osso bucco and said it was good, but I really wouldn't know as I don't eat baby lambs.   I have had the scallops as an entree and found them to be mediocre at best.  I actually felt pretty ill after eating them for dinner, but again, that was a very busy night and they fell down on all counts that night.  I would have given them one or two stars that night, while both other experiences were at least a three or four.  I am not a big dessert eater (again with my missing hip bones) but we did the wine and chocolate sampler one night and it was fun enough and interesting enough to be worth the $16.  I shared that one with three friends.It is worth a visit, especially if you are staying at the resort and have budgeted for an expensive night out.  I would, however, suggest you go very early if you go at peak season, and try to avoid a very chaotic rush.
4	Come for the view, of course!The NYC cousins stayed at the Pointe for their very brief visit to Phoenix. Upon check in, they made reservations for 5 of us for Saturday night.Logistically, we were a pain in the ass. Five diners, one table. Between one and three courses ordered per person. NOT an easy job to pace that one!Mom had the lobster bisque and lobster entree. One cousin had the lobster bisque, a salad, and the special oyster app. Other cousin had a salad and scallop entree. Mom's husband just ordered the scallop entree. And I had the blood orange salad and Berkshire pork belly app.Service was impressive...plates were staggered in a way that it seemed we always had food in front of us, but never felt rushed.All the food was fresh and tasty, and beautifully presented. Personally, I am thrilled with how many places pork belly is showing up these days. My hips are not happy, but my taste buds talk louder! :)Of course - the sun goes down, the Valley lights come on - and you remember why you're willing to pay insane prices. No matter how good the food is, no matter how good the service - you are paying for the view. And it is worth it!(That's not the double Maker's on the rocks talking!)
4	Attended a networking luncheon here.  If you've never been here before, the drive up to the restaurant is a bit confusing.  The directional signs to guide you to your destination are non-existent.  However, once you reach your destination, you're in for a real treat.The restaurant is perched on top of a ridge that overlooks part of the Phoenix Valley.  The view is spectacular!  The food is great too.  There was passed hors d'oeuvres at the beginning of the event that were very tasty.  Then just before the main speaker began, we were all seated for lunch.We were served a Petite Filet and some Veggies with a light Citrus Salad as an appetizer.  Both were very good.  The servers were great.  They kept our water and Iced Tea glasses full throughout the lunch and promptly took away our dishes after each course.  For dessert, we had Cheesecake topped with Berries...it was delish!Overall, it was a very good luncheon.  If they hold one here again, I will definitely attend.  I will also come back for a dinner with The Better Half.Return Factor - 88%
4	Excellent view and food.  This is a special place to take someone special, or to go with an expense account.  The view is where its at but the food is also excellent.  I had the scallops, 5 large scallops and the fixings, left full.  The salads were also great.  The wine list is interesting and would have whatever you need.I'm not sure why I'm not giving it 5 stars but it certainly deserves the 4 I'm giving it.  Probably because of the price, you pay for the view.
4	You are definitely paying for the view and service here. The food are quite pricey and nicely presented, but nothing impressive toward my taste buds. I really love their clam appetizer though, the clams are huge!! It's a nice place to take love one to see the sunset while enjoying dinner up on the mountain.
5	We chose this restaurant as a special treat to wrap up a week-long vacation in Arizona and Utah. We knew from reviewing the menu online that the restaurant was classy and expensive, so we were prepared for this and have no complaints about the prices. The service was attentive and very friendly. The wine menu is extensive. We shared the diver scallop appetizer, and it was perfect! The coffee crusted pork tenderloin and the veal osso bucco were both delicious. The apples on the rocks and the brownie desserts were great finishers to a perfect meal. We were staying at the adjacent Hilton hotel, which offered shuttle service free to and from our room. This was a special evening which was enhanced by a perfectly, delicious meal. We are from the suburbs of Chicago, and wished we had something this special close to home.
4	Just ate here during our recent stay.  The reviews on Yelp convinced me that we had to try this place.  The view and the food were awesome.  atmosphere was one of the nicest I have been to in the Phoenix area.  Food was beautifully prepared and the kitchen was sharp enough to split our appetizers between two plates for my wife and I (nice touch).  We ordered the scallops and a salad for appetizers.  We ordered the Filet Mignon and the Venison dishes for entrees, both were excellent.  Place loses a star for the service.  The host and the reservation people were very accommodating, even with a last minute change in plans.  However, our server was slow and not very attentive.  The bus staff was prompt to clean plates and refill drinks, but server was slow with food and extra slow for drinks.  would have likely ordered a couple more drinks, if he had kept them coming at a good pace.  Would definitely recommend this place for someone looking for a romantic dinner spot in the Phoenix area.
5	We'd been gone from the Valley for 9  years, had fond memories of this hilltop gem, and wanted to renew our dining there. It was beyond expectations. They did not skimp on restaurant week selections. My short rib ravioli was divine and plentiful, the halibut entree perfect, and for dessert one could choose anything on that menu. I had the strawberry/rubarb parfait, my husband, the lemon cake which really was more the size of a thimble, but delicious. The drive up the hill hasn't gotten easier, the stairs are long and steep, but there is an elevator. One can forget that it is Sunnyslope in lights below, and fix one's eyes on the shine. Both the view and the restaurant do just that.Our wait staff was professional and efficient. No, "my name is John and I'll be your server", here. Perfect!  We'll return.
4	I went here with a friend for restaurant week tonight. I was teetering between 3 and 4 stars but decided the amazing view and service made it a 4 star experience. We started with the short rib ravioli, which was really delicious. The short rib was tender and it came on top of some corn that was sweet and tasty. Definite win with that dish. They also brought out bread with pesto, garlic butter, and a goat cheese dip so that was also fantastic. My only complaint was that the entrees were a little hum drum. I had the hangar steak and my friend had the pork and both were just lacking in overall flavor and both were a little on the dry side (and I ordered mine medium so that's not really expected). Had it not been restaurant week, I would've been upset to have spent as much money as these entrees normally cost. The desserts were also good, we split the turtle and the espresso cup, but they weren't mind blowingly delicious. I would maybe come back here for the view, but the food was not good enough to warrant the price.
5	I'm on a positive yelp review writing kick because I'm in a good mood, so I thought I'd share this experience with Different Pointe of View. My boyfriend and I came here right before we saw Louis CK perform at the Celebrity Theater. In making the reservation, he had casually mentioned this. We show up to the restaurant, and first of all, I was really blown away with where this place is located. It has a beautiful view overlooking Phoenix and it's tucked away in a mountain side or something. The hostess was incredibly sweet and greeted us and for some weird reason knew who we were right when we walked in. We were sat right away and everyone who came to our table were charming and polite. We started with the butternut squash ravioli, seared scallops, and the lobster bisque. Oh my goodness. I can't even begin to explain, there was such complexity in the flavors, it was very good. My boyfriend got the Artichoke pesto chicken and I got the trout. Again, I cannot begin to explain how delicious our meal was. The flavors all melded so well together. My dish came with mushrooms and I completely cleaned my plate. I despise mushrooms! But these were really something else. We skipped dessert, but the table next to us as we were leaving made us regret that decision because it looked incredible. The bill was pretty up there, but, what is to be expected from a place like this? The view, service and food; it all somewhat felt worth it to me.Upon leaving, the hostess not only remembered who we were but also told us to have a great time at the show. I know it's her job as a hostess to be inviting, but I feel that's something that takes a little more effort to do, and it was greatly appreciated and really made the dinner feel that much better. This is a wonderful date night restaurant. My boyfriend and I both agreed if we ever find ourselves in Phoenix again, we will definitely come back to this place.
5	This was not going out to eat, it was a true dining experience! The food was fantastic, the service was outstanding and manager, William Mischke made sure we got the most beautiful view of the city. My girlfriend and I are already planning our next visit. I highly recommend this restaurant. You will not be disappointed.
5	I could not believe I have not been to this place before. I have lived in AZ most my life and can say I don't always give restaurants at a hotel a chance. I went during restaurant week and was able to sample a few of the restaurants best dishes. I was blow away! Not only was the food amazing, the views were wonderful! I will be back sooner than later!!
5	We ate here with friends during Restaurant week.  It has been over ten years since I have been up here.  All I could say to myself was "what took you so long??"The food was beyond perfect, the view from the patio was breathtaking and the service was just right.  The pre fix price made experimentation a great option for our group.  The waiter told us that DPOV will be doing a pre fix menu all summer long.  I tried the pork belly with oatmeal appetizer at Phoenix Cooks and the combination was stunning.  Make the time, enjoy the view, and have a perfect meal!
1	I was a guest at the resort. My girlfriend and I decided to book reservations for this restaurant. We were told our reservations would be at 800pm but when we arrived at 745pm they were changed without warning. After waiting 45 mins the hostess  let us know our table was ready. Then after walking up to the 3rd floor we were told by someone else that it would be another couple minutes. I understand its an experience but waiting 1 hour for a table when you have reservations is absolutely unprofessional especially for a half empty restaurant. When we finally were about to be seated the hostess asked me to take off my hat. I looked around there were people in shorts and T-shirts and I can't wear a hat. Already upset by the poor first impression I walked out before I was seated. The staff I encountered were rude and arrogant. Terrible experience and I will never go back.
4	I love AZ Restaurant Week! The fiance and I had a lovely dinner here the other night during Restaurant Week. The best time of year because we can have an amazing meal and not break the bank. DPofV is the best choice. It has it all, ambiance, view, awesome food, the best wine list anywhere, and a wonderful staff. 1. The view is something you can only understand by seeing it. Looking out over the city, down town Phx, it's perfect. Get there in time to see it right at sundown then late int he even to see the lights. With the hot Phx air it looks like the lights are dancing. 2. The food, wow the food! We had the blue crab salad, spare rib ravioli, hanger steak and pork loin chop. All awesome! The blue crab is as good as you can get in this part of the country (far from the coast)! They were very accommodating to Jon's mushroom allergy. His hanger steak was so tasty and my pork was like butter. And brusstle sprouts, umm hello my fave!!! 3. The wine list literally is the best world. It is like 45 pages long. A bit on the excessive side for me, but I was beyond please with the Cab we picked out. 4. The staff: I think the fact that the two people we had the pleasure of meeting had both been there over 15 years speaks volumes of the place. It is obviously a great job to have, they had a great attitude, and performed perfectly. 5. Last but certainly not least, the desserts. Wow! We each ordered the Creme Brule, and somehow when dessert arrived we got "bonus" deserts. The chocolate turtle and their sorbet were wonderful, completely over shadowing the creme brule. We were both in heaven when we left and almost needed to be wheeled out since we were so full! I highly recommend them for your next evening out! So good!
1	The view for this place is nice and their food tasted not too bad but the price just doesn't justify what you get. They have some of the smallest portions I have ever seen for a pretty penny. The waiter I had was a bit of a prick and I was forced to pay him basically a 40% tip. I dined in a party of 6 and they add a service charge on top of a 20% gratuity for parties of 6 or more. It's ridiculous and so not worth going to. I'm from LA so seeing overly priced food with so so service doesn't get high marks from me. I won't be coming back. You're really just paying for the view. I am so disappointed with this place.
1	I have been to Different Pointe of View with my family for Easter years ago.  Last night was my first time back to the restaurant and could not have been more disappointed.  In walking into the restaurant you are greeted by a very musty, nasty smell.  The upkeep of the interior could use some work.  The view, as always, is beautiful but that is about it.  The food was mediocre but priced at fine dining prices.  Would not go back. Almost forgot, while waiting for our car I noticed the menu posted in a case outside.  The case had a Yelp sticker on it.  How tacky for a fine dining restaurant.
5	My husband and I committed to trying a rare, expensive restaurant on each anniversary. This year, we were led to A Different Pointe of View. Everything was special and delicious, just as one would hope for a celebratory occasion. A welcome surprise was the service provided by Luis. He gave the right amount of suggestions for courses, wine and timing - all with a sense of humor one would not expect from such a fine restaurant. (At one point, he compared himself to Cesar Milan.) We shared the Short Ribs Ravioli and Steamed Cedar Creek Clams as 2 courses, at Luis's suggestion. It felt so European! My husband savored the Coffee Brown Sugar Seared Pork Tenderloin, while I especially enjoyed Luis's suggestion of Grilled Cedar River Marinated Hanger Steak. The both proteins were some of the most tender I've ever tasted. The hanger steak was a thin serving and the perfect portion. To end, we chose a Midnight Espresso Cup, but Luis also brought us the creme brulee, too. As he said, "You can't come to the Pointe and miss out on the creme brulee." He was SO right. I hate dessert and it made me never want to say no to a dessert again. One thing to remember is to prepare for a long service. Food like this is worth it. My one complaint: the clam broth was underseasoned. Seems like small potatoes to me.
2	Was very excited to finally come here but left disappointed.  We went on last Saturday night at sunset and can definitely say the view was beautiful. Unfortunately, it ended up not being worth the price.  The service was very slow, although the waiters were friendly and polite.  The blue crab salad was very small (too small for me to call a salad) with about 12 cucumber slices arranged on the plate with a few pinches of crab and bitter greens.  To be honest, I couldn't even taste the crab, only the cucumber and sauce.  Should have been more crab for the price.  I then tried the shrimp appetizer with Quinoa.  The two shrimp that came were delicious, but only two medium to large sized shrimp for the price was not what I was expecting and the Quinoa sauce/seasoning was not great, with no one at our table caring for the taste - disappointing again.  I do have to say the visual appearance was top notch, but flavor combination and portion size left much to be desired.  Some of the sauce drizzles were very small and none of them were that great.  This is unfortunate, since I know it takes a considerable amount of work to create the sauce reductions, but the flavors just weren't there.After $25.00 of appetizers, I decided to try the lobster with black truffles.  Unfortunately the lobster was luke warm and also dry - not even a little moist.  No butter anywhere (a small cup or drizzle of clarified butter would have changed this dish for the better) and the ravioli that the lobster was placed on top of was also dry outside and inside with no sauce.  The black truffles were nice, but were of course dry as well, making the dinner overall unenjoyable.  Some type of liquid with lobster, ravioli or black truffles really brings out their flavor.  Note to the chef - dry food is just not flavorful or enjoyable, regardless of expensive ingredients.My wife also had the same dinner and this is the first time she hasn't finished her lobster.  She also said it was dry , with little flavor and left most of her plate.  My mom and her significant other both ordered the chicken, both took a couple of bites and said the seasoning was awful and left their entire meals - $60.00 worth of food.  They left early since they didn't like the food, were disappointed and didn't want to try dessert.There were other people at the table that ate their meals, did enjoy parts of them, but this restaurant appears to be concerned with presentation first and foremost and seems to have little concern for flavor, portion size (doesn't need to be large, just a little more than a pinch of crab when you order crab, a couple extra shrimp when you order shrimp, etc.)  or just the taste of the meal.  I don't think 3 or 4 shrimp is too much to ask when paying this much for a shrimp appetizer.No one at our table thoroughly enjoyed their meals, so  $600.00 later, we realized this is a place we can't ever justify coming back to, unless we are invited as guests.  I left frustrated, thinking there are many places that have better food pairings, better tasting sauces and more appropriate portion sizes at two thirds of the price.  People always tell me it is quality over quantity, but this was neither.  The ingredients may have been expensive, i.e. black truffles, but when you have a dry dish, lacking good flavor, what is the point of the truffles.  All in all a lot of money was paid for subpar appetizers, dinners and desserts : (  Bummed.
1	Great view, but disappointing food and service. Everything was overdressed, EXTREMELY salty and lacked a "fresh" quality. The service was poor, and our fast-talking server was almost impossible to follow. I asked a question and ended up more confused after his answer.The braised artichokes were extremely over-dressed, or over-marinated, and overcooked to the point they were pretty mushy. The salad was salty and overdressed, also mushy. The salad is called an heirloom tomato salad, but the paper thin slices are nearly tasteless (except for the salty dressing sprinkled over). The rest of the salad consisted of some soggy greens, feta bits, chopped olives and some mushy marinated peppers (i think). It was fun to try something new, but we won't be returning.
5	My husband and I decided to check out Different Pointe of View for our anniversary.   We had an excellent time.  The service was great and the food was delectable.  The view can't be beat as the restaurant is in the Tapatio Cliffs Resort.  If making a reservation, request a window table and try and go at sunset, you will have a stellar view over downtown Phoenix.  The wine steward was very helpful in helping us choose a wine that paired well with our meals.  We tried the spare rib ravioli for our appetizer.  The ravioli was good and the corn relish that accompanied the ravioli was sweet and creamy.  I had the filet and my husband had the pork.  My filet was cooked to temperature and the horseradish sauce and white bean puree that accompanied the dish were delightful.  Every bite melted in my mouth.  My husband's dish was also splendid and cooked to perfection.  We had the "turtle" dessert that was on the sweet side, which I love so it was a nice mix of mousse and chocolate crunch.  The presentation of each dish was its own piece of art and almost made you not want to bite into it.  And the little details were also there, like the de-crumbing of our table.  I always expect this at fine dining venues, but have been disappointed many times in the Phoenix area, but not here.  If you want a romantic night out, with an amazing view of the valley, and fantastic food, I suggest you check out Different Pointe of View.
4	Came here to treat the misses.Lobster bisque was delicious. I would have a gallon of it.My entree was the chefs special, which was filet mignon and lobster tail, it twas delicious. my wife had the chicken which she did not like.the service was first class and prompt.The View from our table was awesome, you can see the whole valley from up there.Good place for a romantic date with your girl.
4	Gorgeous views, and wonderful food at this relatively expensive special occasion restaurant.  I went here with a group of friends and we began our evening with a drink on the patio.  The bartender was a bit annoyed by our presence.  She immediately asked if we had restaurant reservations, we did and she insisted that we check in at the restaurant first.  We had a good thirty minutes before our reservation, so this really was unnecessary but we complied.  When we were ready to go to our table, she again was miffed when we asked if we could transfer our tab to the table.  We paid the bill first to make her happy and carried our drinks to the table.  There was only one other couple at the bar so this all seemed silly.  We had a very helpful waiter who told us about the summer offerings on the menu that have reduced prices for a three course meal.  The halibut that I had was perfect.
5	DPoV is a great place for celebratory dinners and such and it isn't cheap but in my opinion it is very much worth every pennyThe view is breathtaking and I love the floor to ceiling windowsThe host/servers are very professional, friendly, and not over bearingThe crowd is very diverse but mostly older (30+)When dining here I was the youngest one and everyone was having wine, whereas I was having a cocktail.... I felt young... but my cocktail was nice and sweet!I had a three course meal which consisted ofAppetizer- Grilled Pancetta Wrapped Shrimp Main Course-Coffee Brown Sugar Seared Pork TenderloinDessert-Chocolate Hazelnut Brown Butter BrownieEach dish was prepared brilliantly and the presentation was exquisiteI was very much in love with my main course, the Coffee Brown Sugar Pork TenderloinI don't drink a whole lot of coffee so I was kind of iffy in having my pork tenderloin coated with it but I was surprisedIt was so good!Also, the restaurant allows you to go out to the patio and take photos or just take in the magnificent view
4	Wow! what a lovely evening! Breathtaking views of the Valley coupled with innovative cuisine beautifully prepared and presented. Went with the recommendation of the waiter and ordered the pork belly appetizer. Although it wouldn't have been something I would have chosen, he was right when he said it was one of the best things on the menu - amazing!!!! Great wine selection! Such a romantic evening!
5	We come back every year to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The view is incredible and the food and service are just as good. Bill was a great host like always and we look forward to our next trip. I had the Filet and my wife had the hanger steak - I would recommend both entrees.
5	This review is for the Terrace Room downstairs from Different Point of View.  Yelp doesn't seem to have a separate listing for it.  This review is for the bar/lounge and wine list.  Although I do get food when I am there, they change the menu often so i don't feel it's fair to review food that won't be on the menu in a few months.I have been going here for five years now and I never get sick of it.  They have a fabulous wine list and one of the most breathtaking views in all of Phoenix.  This place is a hidden gem and I'm always amazed when people say they have never heard of it.The bar/lounge is completely walled with glass so you can see the city view from any seat within the bar/lounge.  The seating outside is a fabulous set up.  You can sit in a circle seating area around a fire pit, at a communal couch area, or at separate tables right at the edge of the mountain.  There is also a hidden seating area off to the West side that gives you a completely different view of the city.Sometimes in the winter the chef will make homemade marshmallows infused with different liqueurs.  The cocktail servers will give you sticks to roast your marshmallows at the fire pit and they also provide different dipping sauces.  This is one of my favorite times of the year!!!  Don't miss out if you are there in the winter time!The only complaint I have about this place is that it can be rented out so it is frequently closed for private parties.  ALWAYS CALL AHEAD TO  FIND OUT IF THEY ARE OPEN!The staff is always amazing.  Bill, the manager, is always making sure you are enjoying your visit and April and Richard down at the Terrance Room are fabulous! Don't miss out on a drink and view at the Terrace Room!
4	Nice view of the city lights because the restaurant sits 4 floors on top of North Mountain. Good fresh food I had a hammer steak for the entree with lobster bisque as the first course which is always satisfying, my desert of choice was chocolate  turtle. Service was excellent and people friendly. Great place for a romantic dinner and afterwards you can enjoy the outside terrace one floor down with their beautiful firepit and warm comfortable seating. Their you can enjoy the stars as well as the city lights and snuggle next to your loved one while enjoying your favorite drink. Good place to get back on track if you lost your way. WORTH IT
4	I had my first experience here last Friday night. The service and food was excellent. Things started out a bit shaky as they had a very loud wedding party in the dining room and I was concerned it would ruin the evening. Luckily they left about 20 minutes after our arrival and the rest of the night was perfect.I am a fan and I will go again!
5	First time to Phoenix and couple in plane seats next to us recommended we check out DPOV. So we made 5pm reservations on Sat night. We were blown away. Top shelf wine, food, and service! Richard and Ian took GREAT care of us recommending a perfect wine, food, and entertaining us with their hilarious personalities! Highly recommend the mussels, short ribs, and duck, but I bet everything prepares is delicious!!! Oh incredible view too lol
4	We had a group dinner here for 2 nights- each night, it was a buffet-style dinner so I cannot speak about the menu. However, I would go back in a heartbeat for the view alone! We sat outside both nights (October) and were blown away by the breath-taking view of the city. So romantic. You have to try this place!!!
5	We were staying at the hotel and decided to make reservations here for dinner.  We wanted to come here a couple of years back but didn't get a chance to due to scheduling so we were pretty excited about finally being able to come here for dinner!If you're staying at the hotel by the way, no, you can't walk it, especially if you are in heels.  Don't even try.  It's not worth it.  The hotel has a service where they will drive you up there ... I'm pretty sure it's complimentary but check with the hotel.So we get in and nobody to greet us.  I was disappointed and a little confused b'c for a minute there, we had no idea what was going on.  When the hostess finally showed up, however, we were welcomed and seated promptly.  Our waiter (Bob I think was his name) was exceptional.  He told us about the evening special and was very attentive throughout the entire evening.  My husband and I aren't really fancy people so coming to places like this kind of intimidate us but he was very personable and I'm pretty sure he knew we didn't "fit in" with the crowd there.The view is awesome.  WOW.  We really enjoyed having a view of the city in front of us as we dined.I had the lobster and the husband had the duck.  Both of our meals were delectable.  We also shared a side dish of risotto which was also very savory and delicious.  The lobster tasted fresh and succulent.   I was very surprised considering we live in Phoenix!  No dousing of the lobster in butter to make it tasteful - it was perfect just the way it was (as it should be!).  We also shared a dessert ... I can't remember the name but it was chocolate peanut butter something-a-ruther with Snicker's ice cream I think?  Anyway, that was good, too.  This place definitely ain't cheap but for the experience, it was well worth coming here.  We'd definitely come here again in the future if the occasion arises!
5	I have been to many great restaurants and this meal ranked in the top 20 of all-time. We had the tasting menu and I highly recommend it. Great restaurant with a fantastic view1
5	Who knew Arizona had views? :) I took my boyfriend here for his birthday after a rough week of school and this establishment was perfect, it even RAINED and we still had the best time.I wanted to take him to a restaurant with a view, and we were growing tired of the Downtown Phoenix/Scottsdale restaurants so I decided to try this place. The vibe of the place is very dressy, sophisticated, so come in your best dress. Reservations are flexible (I used OpenTable) and we were seated promptly near the window, with a gorgeous view of the city on a Friday night. If you have time, be sure to go to the Terrace Room for drinks, so you can have a cocktail and sit atop the hill and warm up next to the fire. Once seated, our waiter was super courteous and funny, even the busboys were extremely gracious and polite. I never felt pressured to order anything (though they DO have a $9000 bottle of wine on the menu!) and was never intimidated by the atmosphere. We had focaccia bread the lobster bisque to start, and it was very impressive, be mindful that the texture is smooth, not chunky, and the flavors are very complex. We loved it. For entrees, I had the grilled endive and apple salad, which was surprisingly refreshing and not too sweet! The boyfriend had the duck breast and potato cakes, which had a perfect cook and looked just beautiful. We finished by sharing a Birthday chocolate cupcake, which was cold but free :P As I think about it, I think the food was pricey mostly due to the location and the view, but I really can't say anything negative about the food, it was great. Take your loved one to this restaurant for great food and the experience. Definitely one of a kind in Arizona.
5	Great food... great view. Very apt for special occasions. My hubby took me there for my birthday and made it very special. A must visit.
5	IN SHORT: Anthony DeMuro crafts an elegant menu on top of one of the best views in Phoenix. Reservations are key for that special occasion, but the palette of flavor developed throughout the meal will surprise you at every bite.THE STORY: Different Pointe of View is one of the finest pieces of culture in Phoenix. Nearly every table can enjoy miles of city and mountain views that lend an understanding to the city's form so rarely found.The wonder doesn't stop at the atmosphere, however, as the food and and drink never stop wowing. The salad options change seasonally, but be sure to include one in your meal as an appetizer or small second course. During my most recent visit, I enjoyed the phenomenal Poached Pear and Micro Herbs salad, which included a cinnamon-cider poached pear, dried goji berries, Humboldt Fog cheese, toasted pistachios, and a d'anjou pear and tarragon dressing. Presentation is one of Chef DeMuro's greatest talents, and each ingredient truly shines as it arrives on your plate. The Blueberry and Rocket Arugula salad was also a favorite, with dried blueberries, goat cheese, Marcona almonds, shaved beets, and a sweet cabernet lavender vinaigrette that was astonishingly light, floral, and fresh.For my entree, I ordered the Vanilla Brandy Poached Maine Lobster, which came beautifully served against 3 lobster and parmesan raviolis, expertly cooked with the perfect bite. The smokey lobster buerre blanc sauce added another hearty, yet southwestern element that finished off the dish.Of course, service is impeccable, and our waiter and sommelier truly acted as if they were happy to be serving us. We were tended to often, and frequently asked about each course. Needless to say, Different Pointe of View is just perfect for a rare, relaxing, beautiful, and immensely satisfying meal in the heart of Arizona.
3	Hostess rudely cut us off on the stairs. Waiter talked over us. Mentioned food allergy yet had food served that we are highly allergic to (but I fortunately noticed before it was consumed). Under par for what you pay for and would expect from the Hilton. On the bright side, the view was great. Bottom line, won't be back and won't recommend.
5	This was a treat a fiesta in my mouth with delicious. "All shit was good" it was good from start to end. Would love to come here again and try the chief specials. Very nice chief, he came out to greet us while we complimented his wonderful exploring work.  Everyones tastes buds and bellies were 100% happy :)
5	The food and service were excellent. The view and atmosphere are incredible. A must see if you are in the area.
5	Dined here for my Birthday. Had the lobster ravioli dish it was amazing. I also had a birthday dessert; a decadent chocolate cake that was beautifully presented. It is, definitely, a great spot if you want to make someone feel extra special. The view on it's own is exceptional. Perfect spot for a romantic night.
5	Where to start! This place is truly amazing all around! The view is to die for, the food is even better worth dying and coming back for. The lobster was so tender and flavorful along with the filet mignon. The service "Ian" was truly amazing, extremely knowledgable, personable, and well spoken. To top it off he introduced us to the chef who prepared and amazing dinner for our anniversary! Thank you! I can't wait to come back again.
5	What a pleasure to dine in this establishment. It is expensive, but worth it! The food was prepared and deilvery to perfection. The Lamb Loin was tender. Superb Lobster Bisque, Scallops to die for and a very tasty Halibut.  The waiter, Ian Cahill was outstanding. The Chef, (From Chicago) came out and greated us when he heard where we were from. On top of all this, the View, over looking Phoenix, was beautiful. Patio drinks outside in the evening. If you can afford it, this is a must visit.
5	Five star meal, spectacular view of Camelback mountain, and probably one of the most romantic restaurants I have ever been to. We ate very late and the servers were so sweet and not rushing us at all. Short ribs appetizer was particularly memorable. Definitely recommend for a special occasion or just an unforgettable dinner!
5	The best view in the valley! The patio overlooks the valley,  what a great place to relax and sip on some wonderfully prepared cocktails with your significant other.  The food is always something special,  artfully prepared.  The staff is always on point and ready to please.
5	been back twice and love their filet mignon and scallop entrees. Super great view and great service
5	Amazing restaurant-went here last August (2013), and can't believe I didn't review it.  Have been talking about it ever since and have sent several people here-all said the same things about it.  Great food, great service, great experience.
5	This place gets a 5 star in a heart beat. Absolutely romantic restaurant at the very top of a mountain in Phoneix. It gives you a breathtaking view of the city. Beautifully decorated patio area, with gorgeous flowers, nice breeze and excellent service. The food is perfect. This is an upscale restaurant you want to go to with a significant other or to celebrate something nice. It's soooo nice! :)
4	A pretty amazing place to take a date, or business acquaintance. Impressive views from our table and a polite and professional staff. The food was an 8, all around - and everything was prepared / showed well and tasted great. Prices are on the higher side but the overall experience is worth it.
1	Adam took me to "a different point of view" to celebrate my birthday. Super nice. Beautiful view. We get there and there are about 3 weddings going on. Enter the lobby and they tell us we can wait for our table in lobby. We see some people with drinks but don't see a bar. So I ask hostess if there is a bar. "Not tonight because there is a wedding just go wait in lobby " That's kinda strange we think to ourselves, but  then it gets even weirder. As we are sitting in lobby as older couple sits down next to us and a server came and welcomed them and brought them each a glass of wine. We were completely ignored. We were lead to our table (which was not a window view as Adam requested). We notice some waitstaff taking a rug and putting it over something right next to us. At that point we realize that they are using the rug to cover up vomit. After a few minutes we notice there were a lot of high school kids having dinner before prom. One of the tables of them right next to us was so drunk the girl threw up! I immediately get up to tell the hostess I want to be moved and notice a vomit trail all the way to the bathroom. We were relocated to a table in the very back of restaurant. Service was slow and inattentive. The guy knew I was gluten free because I had a few questions. Dinner was good. After dinner. Waiter brought by dessert menus. We wanted to order something but he never came back. 10 minutes later he came back over and asked us what we wanted. I replied "we would have ordered something 5 minutes ago but now we will just take our check. ". They knew it was my birthday because Adam had written it on opentable. The guy came back with a birthday dessert and slammed it on the table with zero comments. No candles. Nothing. And it was the most gluten containing dessert option they has. Let me say that the people across from us got candles and a different dessert that I could have eaten. Took 20 more minutes after this for us to finally get our check. Horrible experience for such a special occasion.
5	The setting itself at DPOV is magical. It is great news that the food is equally as wonderful. We dined outside on a beautiful evening. We were offered delicious focaccia bread with 3 fun spreads to start, while we sipped our drinks and enjoyed the view. We next shared the grilled endive salad.  The grilled endive and pancetta were fabulous atop mandolined fennel and apple in a very light vinaigrette. The tangy salad flavors were deliciously complemented by full flavored gorgonzola.I enjoyed the hangar steak for an entree. It was perfectly cooked (ordered medium, came medium/medium rare) and seasoned. The beef was well-marbled and tender. Its buttery and char-grilled flavor was beautifully complemented by the smoky tomato basil emulsion that accompanied it. As well, the cauliflower and sherry risotto was rich and layered.     My daughter had the seared free-range roasted chicken. I was invited to taste a bite; it was moist, delicious, and very well seasoned. The accompanying swiss chard and carrots were lovely, and the potato gratin was outrageously delicious. We shared a fantastic chocolate confection for dessert, as we savored the special meal and continued to enjoy the beautiful evening. Different Pointe of View is a gem!
4	I've lived here my whole life (28 years, dude) and strangely enough have never been to this place. Well, I finally went here last night with my sexy-pants boyfriend. His pants are sexy.So, it takes a few minutes to get to the actual restaurant. You drive higher and higher and higher and then directly into outer space. Finally, when you arrive to the top, complimentary valet is waiting for you. Which I zipped right past because I refuse to valet my expensive 2011 standard Golf. I probably should've valeted though, because then I was forced to walk up a slanted hill in 6" heels and had to cling to sexy-pants boyfriend like an old lady with brittle bones. Once inside, you then go up yet another flight of stairs (don't worry, there's an elevator) where you are finally greeted by the hostess. The restaurant itself is interesting - large, glass windows so you can enjoy the view, said Captain Obvious. Aside from that, it's rather plain and even on the drab side. I'm not saying that's a negative. It could be purposeful to not retract from the view? I dunno. The view is seriously spectacular though! I love the desert and this only amplified my love for it. I know there's a lot of haters in Phoenix who talk shit about how ugly this city is. You shut your damn mouth. If you're one of these haters, I encourage you to visit places like this that give you a profound appreciation of how neat mountains and clear skies really are.Onto the food: Pretty good! Expensive, as one would expect, but not outrageous. I ordered a "micro greens" salad with pistachios, pears, and some type of cheese I'd never heard of it. The salad was truly micro and was almost deconstructed, which I'm not a fan of. I'm lazy and don't want to put my food together. It came out on an overly-HUGE plate and I nearly guffawed at it! Hahaha! It looked really silly and even tinier. Overall though it was pretty good. I also had a side of fingerling potatoes and those were GREAT! S.P. Boyfriend had the chef's special, which was shrimp with kidney beans (I think, can't remember). It was very tasty. We followed all of that up with the peanut butter and chocolate cheesecake - definitely the highlight of the evening. The entire bill came to $76 - not bad! Afterward we went outside to check out the rest of the restaurant and made the treacherous trek back down to my baller car, where my boyfriend literally piggybacked me so I didn't have to break my ankles.Overall, pretty cool place! Friendly staff, great views. Clearly I have run out of things to say.
1	I would give zero stars if possible. Four mix-ups before we could even make it to the table. Staff was rude, unhelpful and uninformed. We flew in from Detroit and made reservations over a week in advance to ensure a memorable evening. It was memorable, but definitely not a positive one. We will not be back. I recommend going to Top of the Rock instead.
3	Great location, great view and good food. The customer service is top notch too.
4	This review is for the Terrace at the Differant Point of View. We got here about 5pm on Friday for a Birthday gathering. We first started out outside on the Terrace but, the wind was blowing like mad and dust and dirt was flying everywhere. Our server was good she was attentive and quick with everything until they got busy.When the rest of our party arrived we moved back outside,that was about 45 min later,and at that time it was not quite as windy.We had eaten while we were inside. Lobster Bisque, which was just OK. It could of been hoter. We also got the muscles,which had no flavor at all. I do not know what they did to them. But I have never had muscles with so little flavor.We also got the Koble beef sliders. They were good, but should of had a better quaility of bun. Good Burger with good topping, just a cheap bun.The view was great up here,we loved that. For such a high dollar place it should of been better food.The hotel was great,they drove us up to the top ,which would of been a horriable drive in my big truck.They will also take you down. Great customer service with that.While we were on the terrace the service was not so great. But, the experiance as a whole was pretty nice. They did not tell us that the tip was already on the bill though.So I guess that is how they make a little extra.
5	I knew the view at this restaurant was supposed to be amazing, but I was still shocked when I actually got there.  We were seated before sunset, which was perfect because we got to watch the whole city transform from day to night from up above.  As expected, the food was fantastic! We enjoyed everything that we had.  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, especially those from out of town.  It is worth the trip!
2	Good view with bad breath waiter! The view is great but I expect a lot more than just a view from a restaurant trying to be the high end of restaurant. The service was poor and our waiter was just awkward (oh and he had horrible breath).The food was ok but not great. For a restaurant that charges the high end prices I expect high end service & high quality food. My girlfriend and I both ordered the filet and they were both slightly over cooked but not enough to send them back. It was my girlfriends birthday so they were nice enough to bring out a free dessert but they should have asked me if it was something we liked first because it was not. I would have rather paid for a dessert that we both enjoyed.So in summary, the view is A+ along with a romantic setting, food below average for what i expect & service was poor.
3	I'm in a mixed feeling to write this reivew, the good side, I absolutely loved the view and the romantic setting; the drawback, the food is just mediocre, very average for a place with such great decor, so I must say im not so hyped after the dinner.Good start with the bread basket and there different kinds of sauce/butter. Then off to our shared appertizer - Hamachi Crudo, aka yellowtail sashimi. Well, I had to mark off a star by paying $14 for a plate of fish that's almost equivalent to one piece of sashimi in a normal sushi restaurant, maybe I should compliment great knife work to the chef? And no, you did not use blood orange as described on the menu, the color is too light to say 'blood'. Pan Seared Barramundi - pleasant presentation and tasty fish, but the bed of olives and toasted farro with feta cheese, hmmm, very sour and too salty for me, and maybe too many drizzels of olive oil? Also, it seems like they really like this garlic crisp, saw it twice on three different dishes! And decent 3.5 stars to the short ribs! It's good but not impressed.I don't think I've ever said no to a dessert, in fact, how can you fail a dessert? Well, I was proven wrong that you can mess up a dessert, very badly. We took the waiter's suggestion and took his favorite chiffon cake (no offense to our waiter), but this cake had the strangest taste, the middle part is a saffron flavored ice cream? I had to admit I just tasted Indian or persian on my cake, not to mention that the edge of the cake looked like it was bitten off by a mouse, why so uneven? all three of us had a bite and all had the same reaction - please take it away...Overall, the high expectations of good food due to such beautiful view did not work for us, and be careful with the dessert!
3	Decent service. Overpriced drinks- Minty mountain spice and seasonal buck are very good. Kobe sliders were cool like they sat out not very appetizing but the fries were fantastic. View well worth a visit for just a drink or apps.
5	This is a great place to dine and enjoy exceptional views.  We ate early so the crowd was just picking up when we were leaving but the service was excellent and the food was terrific!  My wife loves to have photos taken and one of our wait staff was eager to cater to her wishes, selecting several places for us to have photos taken while waiting for our food to be served.We will likely be back soon!
5	Romantic atmosphere with a gorgeous view.  I highly recommend the Chef Menu with the wine pairing. My husband and I have gone there for our anniversary twice now and it exceeded our expectations on both occasions. The wait staff are top notch and enjoy discussing each course and wine pairing. If you truly enjoy fine dining you will love this restaurant!
5	I took my girlfriend here about a year ago when I first asked her to be my girlfriend.  At the time the food was amazing and the view was about as good as it gets.  The price I remember was pretty reasonable.  Honestly, my view of this place may have been colored by the fact that she loved it and said yes.  Good food, AMAZING views, and pretty reasonable definitely adds up to a place I'll visit again
4	You can't beat this place for the views.  Beautiful location and the city lights make it enjoyable.  The food was very well prepared and delicious.  Service was slow and had to track down our waiter to get the check.  Waited too long... Overall, it's a nice splurge dinner.
4	I came with my wife for an anniversary dinner. The service was truly exceptional!!!Recommendations were on point and balanced two slightly different palates. The food itself was good, in pairings and in the overall taste though as some other reviewers noted... not the best meal I've ever had.Overall, great experience and we'll definitely come again.
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! The service was EXCELLENT! Ian was our server and treated us like family. He made great food recommendations and he was very attentive to our needs! 5-star service indeed. The food was AMAZING! The melt in your mouth PORK BELLY, I'm not a pork person but this was to die for. The LOBSTER BISQUE was spectacular. We ordered the huge DIVER SCALLOPS and the LOBSTER. I can't describe it, it was unbelievably delicious. CHEF ANTHONY stopped by at the table and his personality was uplifting just like the food. Zee the manager that night was very hospitable. My friends and I had one of the best dining experiences of our lives.  We will definitely come back and tell all our friends. I saved the best for last. You can see the whole Phoenix Skyline. The views are breath taking. Wall to wall windows surround the restaurant on top of a mountain. At night, it is very romantic and gorgeous to see. Everyone must dine here once in their lives. Excellent job DPOV! BRAVO!
5	I reserved my table through Open Table and the staff was helpful and friendly throughout the entire process for a special occasion. Great place to dine and killer view. Come early to get the best spotIts not very costly when compared to a red lobster or any other place. Overall, great experience and we will come again.
5	This is the PERFECT place to go on a special occasion. In this case, it was my boyfriends and my 3 year anniversary. We made reservation a week before and when we went in around 8pm, there was no line and the waitress told us to wait in the lounge for a bit while she looks for a table. We didn't mind the wait at all. The tables were set up very nicely, it had a romantic atmosphere for us which I really appreciate. Once we were seated our menus came out right away. We ordered the lobster bisque, scallops, and the brisket. As we were waiting for our food we decided to take pictures and one of the waiter was kind enough to take a picture of us. They brought out bread and some dips which was absolutely AMAZING! I could not stop eating it. The lobster bisque, IS TO DIE FOR. I've never tasted anything that good before! The scallops was a bit salty for my liking but it didn't bother me too much. It was beautifully presented and delicious! My boyfriend got the brisket and he said it was very juicy and tender. For our dessert, we got a discount for having a chocolate piece that says happy anniversary on it. Since we went at night, when we finished our dinner, we went outside to look at the city lights. It made me BREATHLESS! I fell in love with the scenery. This is definitely a night I will never forget :) Beautiful sightings and wonderful delicious food. What more can you ask? :D
4	I reserved a table through open table. The reservation was just right. I requested a table with a great view, and we received it. The food was visually stunning and quite tasty. It was a bit expensive. If you are going to have a drink and some wine with dinner, be prepared to spend about $100 a person.
5	The August issue of Wine Spectator is out and Different Pointe of View was awarded a Best of Award of Excellence.  Congrats!
5	Top 5 dining experiences in the Phoenix area!  My bf and I went last night, and, from start to finish, it was perfect.  When we arrived, we were seated in a corner with a spectacular view.  We were immediately greeted by one of our three servers, and they were extremely attentive all night.  We shared the pork belly appetizer to start.  They split it without us having asked, and both of our plates were like works of art.  More importantly, the dish was stellar!  We are both hesitant when it comes to pork belly because of the potential to be too fatty, but this was fantastic.  For our entrees, he had lobster on top of some sort of raviolis, and I had hangar steak with risotto.  They were both excellent, but I preferred mine.  It was cooked perfectly and was a good portion size but not overwhelming.  The dessert menu looked great too, but we were stuffed!  So we moved outside and just enjoyed the view with our cocktails for a little while.  I can't wait to go back!
5	The food and service are fantastic, but the real star is the view - best spot for date night in the valley.
5	This is an upscale restaurant located in the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort. If you're looking to impress your date, celebrate a birthday or anniversary, this is the place! The food was amazing, service was impeccable and the view was just breathtaking. I came here with the PHX Yelp family, that recently adopted this Nashvillian, during Restaurant week earlier this year. They offered a 3- course Prix Fixe at $40 which was very affordable for what you get. My dearest Mike D. and I shared our selections: Guacamole, can't remember what the other app was (sorry), pork tenderloin, seared ahi, creme brulee and chocolate mousse. Everything was delicious...except for the pork tenderloin; I found it to be a bit on the dry side. Different Pointe of View will always hold a special place in my heart.
4	Fantastic views! Restaurant was awesome, service was great, food was good. They didn't have any vegetarian options on the menu but the chef created a special dish just for me which was very nice and accommodating. Salad was delicious, my date absolutely loved the lobster bisque. Dessert was great too! Our server took time to take some pictures of us outside with the lovely view which was very sweet of him. Will definitely return! Recommend.
4	The lobster bisque was excellent, as if I was sucking that gooey stuff straight from the lobster's head, LOL.  The entrees were good too, I sampled everybody's selection, even the desserts were good. Don't take my word for it, you gotta try this place yourself.
3	Different Point of View is a Lovely Restaurant with Breath taking Views. Most of the food and Service I had was very good. This would be a Four star review if a few execution problems didn't occur. I am basing my rating on price point.Both entrees were less than warm especially the New York Strip. I don't order steak often but when I do I look forward to a very good steak that's tender, tasty and hot like off the grill.  My husband thought the steak was cold but I say it was room temperature. I didn't send it back or say anything because it was tasty and cooked nicely and I didn't want it cooked more and I also didn't want my husband's Pork to sit more. My waiter did come to check on us and asked how it tasted and I said fine because it did taste fine.At this point I was teetering between three and four stars.But another execution problem occurred with the Chiffon Date Cake. The cake is made ahead of time and kept chilled in a refrigerator. I am certain that freshly made the Pistachio Cream is delicious but after chilling it just turned into hard putty that you can't eat. Other issues with this dessert are I didn't recognize anything in the Chiffon Date Cake as Dates. I don't know if the cake had dates in it. I don't know if I got the wrong one either.  I tasted the cake and to be honest it tasted like a dry sorta sponge cake. I do note the coconut lime saffron sorbet was delicious and I used that to soak and moisten up the dry sponge of cake. I did question the waiter about the cake and he assured me I had the correct one. He also said the pastry chef was on vacation.Even with the Summer Menu Pricing I feel three stars is an accurate rating for the execution of the steak and dessert in an upscale place.Possibly a slightly off night.
5	Great place to dine!  Amazing views and really good food :)
4	The restaurant lives up to it's name by same, it's a "different point of view". I loved being able to look over the city at night and see all the way to downtown. My boyfriend and I had a great table towards the end of the restaurant and had a view of the city and the mountain. The restaurant was offering a "summer prix fix" menu that allowed you to get an appetizer, an entry, and a dessert for only $40. We decided to do that but wanted to share an appetizer before. I guess our server didn't understand us, and brought us two appetizers instead and after we explained the error he still charged us. The experience and food was great but I think the servers could be friendlier. At the end of the meal we wanted to get a picture so we went to the floor below the restaurant to take a picture and the two servers acted like it was such a kink in their schedule to take one picture of us. All in all the food, atmosphere, and the company triumphed the bad service and I would recommend this for a date night.
5	$39.95 for the prix fix dinner which is an appetizer, entree and dessert.  It's such a great deal! And the place is gorgeous for this birthday dinner!Chose the artichoke/lemon ravioli which was perfection.  My son chose the lobster bisque which he loved.  Next I chose the pork tenderloin with sauces and some type of polenta cake (forgive me for not remembering all the unique toppings), he chose the steak with risotto (again, unique toppings with it) = fantastic melt in your mouth eating.  Dessert for me was a chocolate, sea salt carmel cake and he chose a lemon angel food with sherbert....and with that I could barely get up and walk out of the restaurant.Beautiful view of the city as it is so high up, and they sat us inside near the windows for a view.  Fantastic service with 3 people serving you or cleaning up or wiping tables, etc.This is our new go-to place for special dinners or a wedding when that time comes.  The place is beautiful, unique as it is so high up and the architecture of the building alone is so different and just wonderful overall!Have a special dinner coming up?  Try Different Pointe of View, because you cannot go wrong with that choice.  Loved it!
5	Had a great time. The view was fantastic. 5 course meal was awesome. Can't wait to come back. Top notch!
5	My wife and I had an amazing night enjoying the views, food, and service. The Hanger Steak was cooked to perfection and the risotto was a great addition. I tried my wife's pork tenderloin and it was just as good as the steak. We ended up eating off each other's plates. We were not disappointed and would come back. (They did lose our reservation, but they seated us.)
5	This is the place to go to if you just want to have a drink and sit, look out over the Valley and relax!  My new go to place definitely!The only downside here is the parking.  You park yourself, and when you step out of the car the ground is slanted which makes your brain feel like you are somewhat drunk...very weird feeling.  Then you huff and puff up the hill to the location...not that hard but I like to be dramatic.The building is 32 years old they told me, but, to me, looks older because of the design.  It is lovely, tho, and very serene.I had parked at the end where the parking lot ends facing the hill going down.  Now comes the fun when you leave.  You gotta go into reverse cause if you go into drive you shoot over the parking lot, down a super steep hill and kill yourself.  So, it's important you go into reverse, turn your car around carefully because all the smart people parked in the rows back of you and slowly get out of the parking spot.  Once you do that and straighten the car out it's literally all downhill...not scary once you get out of that parking spot.The head Manager of the restaurant have big delivery trucks that are scared to drive up there.  I get it totally with a big truck!Saturday night had a steady stream of couples coming in to sit, have a drink and stay for a little while before dinner (I guess).  Like I said, this is my new go-to place.  Very pretty, very serene--not cheap as my martini was like $13 or so--but so worth it just for the view and sitting pleasure.
5	I decided to come here for my birthday dinner, and made a great choice. It didn't start off great as they lost our reservation, but were able to still get us seated pretty quickly. Service was great, he was very attentive all night. And the food...oh my, melt in my mouth amazing. The pork tenderloin, corn cakes, risotto, steak, vegetables. Everything. We had such an amazing evening, I am so glad we came.
5	Amazing experience. Our first time there and it was for our anniversary. Louis was one of the best servers I have ever had. He made sure everything was perfect, gave us a history of the restaurant and went above and beyond to ensure our evening was perfect. The food was incredible, the views breathtaking, and the atmosphere great. This has become one of our favorites!
4	This place has stunning views! The downside is the parking although they are providing a valet service. If you are looking to impress someone, this is the place.
5	We are vacationing here from Miami. Needless to say we know good food. This restaurant was impeccable. From the amazing food to the super friendly service...5 stars all the way!!
5	Sat outside, ordered the five-course chef tasting with wine pairing. View was amazing. Service was perfect, drinks never empty, plates removed right away, knowledgeable and friendly staff. Food was fun, fresh, beautiful to look at, and delicious. Two house of dining enjoyment. Great for romantic dinners, business dinners, and small parties.
5	We decided to do the brunch on Thanksgiving Day. Turned out to be a great choice. We had a table with a great view of the valley. The food was superb. Best prime rib at a buffet I've ever had. Great shrimp and snow crab claws. Service was excellent. Definitely recommend DPOV for special events.
4	This was the second time I had been to this place. Atmosphere is unbeatable. Service incredible. My friend and I ordered the lobster and it was very rubbery and fishy tasting, and I love fish. Our server noticed we weren't really eating it and ask us what was wrong. We told him and they actually gave the meals for free. Love that kind of service. I usually don't send food back or complain, it was very nice that server was trained enough to notice the problem and take care of it! I will be back.
5	Awesome, Delicious, Yummy...!! No words to explain....!! Excellent Service...!!Especially by Louis. Worthy place to enjoy your anniversary. Scenic view of the Phoenix city...!!
5	One of the best dinning experiences of my life.  My wife and I recently went to celebrate of 4th wedding anniversary.  We were greeted so warmly when we checked in with the hostess and it seemed every one on the staff was aware of our special day.  Our waiter was very attentive, but never interrupted our conversation.  Needless to say, the views are spectacular and the food was amazing.  There brought us so many different breads and unique dips and sauces to try almost as soon as we were seated.  My dinner had a half dozen different combinations of flavors, different meats and sauces.  The deserts were delicious and it even had a customized "Happy Anniversary" chocolate integrated into the design.  It was just an amazing experience and I know we'll be going back.
5	What a great restaurant! The food was great, the view was magnificent. What more can you say, they lived up to their reputation!!
2	The view was amazing, the food was not.  We were very disappointed.  Our soup came out cold and we sent it back twice, then just gave up....the waiter seemed more annoyed with us. When our dinner arrived the waiter never came back......my over cooked sea scallops just sat getting old and cold.   The time the waiter came back I wasn't hungry since my friend shared her steak.  It was my surprise birthday dinner......I was surprised all right, since I didn't get to eat anything I ordered!Well, I always have next year!
4	We came here to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I planned the seating time to coincide with sunset and that was GLORIOUS.  With all the vivid colors of the sun setting and seeing the city come to life, this restaurant definitely nailed location location location.  Beware though, I requested a table by the window and they weren't able to offer us one because those typically seat 2 people.  At any rate, we ordered scallops, some meat, lobster bisque, and desserts.  Everything was on pointe.  I would definitely return again for special occasions.
3	The biggest positive is that it's position high up on a hill overlooking the desert with the city lights twinkling is magical.  Furthermore, the furnishings, art and decor in general are all very classy, warm and inviting.  It definitely makes an impression.Our waiters were a tad cold and lacked that ability to make us feel welcome.  The food is the main reason for the 3 stars.  It's pretty good but not outstanding.  In other words, the cuisine here is not like Elements or the quality of Cafe Monarch.  I would even say that Quiessence was better cuisine even though I much prefer the atmosphere here.Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with the food here but we didn't walk away thinking that we had experienced a supremely talented chef.
5	Wow..one of the best dining experiences I ever had. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and makes the Tapatio hotel seem 100x better.It is an up-scale fine dining restaurant with breathtaking views of the city. The service is timely and professional. The food was remarkable, the grilled shrimp and forbidden rice I had here was one of the best dishes I ever had.
3	View was nice. Dim romantic setting. Food didn't even really taste all that good for it to be that expensive, but i'm assuming they're charging for the "experience". I got the Chicken and risotto. Babe got the scallops & said they were good. We both tried the lobster bisque and it was extremely rich, i must say. They also had a great wine selection. Try the plum wine. its the only one they have, i forgot the name lol I probably wouldn't take my business here because im more about the taste of the food besides a view, but it was a very nice, romantic setting. I enjoyed myself.
