1	I really hate giving bad reviews but here it goes!This was a place that I used to go to for the first few months that I moved to Vegas. The first couple times were a good experience. It's close to my house, the people servicing me were really nice and sweet but I did stop going here...My pet peeve when I go to any type of spa is when the person servicing me, does what they think is best and not what I request. Well, the reason why I stopped going here was because I had asked the manicurist, who wasn't the regular person that did my nails, to not make my acrylics too thick because I don't like my nails looks like they're about to explode, they look so unnatural. She says to me "No, too thin no good! Thicker is better." I hated my nails but I didn't want to be rude and spend another couple hours getting them redone. When it came time to remove the acrylics, I didn't go back there, I went across the street and the ladies there were in awe as to how thick the Oasis manicurist made my nails. They were so thick that the manicurist had a difficult time removing them. She shaved them down, tried prying them off... IT TOOK FOREVER!!! And worse part was that I started bleeding because my nails are naturally very thin and due to the thickness of the nails and the length of time that I was sitting there getting my nails removed, my nails practically ripped off and bled. EW, never again.
5	LOVE MY 3D NAILS! You guys are amazing! :)))
2	I don't quite understand why AFTER a pedicure, my feet are now drying and peeling.  That seems really counter productive to the purpose of a pedicure.  Yes, my toe nails are now polished and shiny, but my skin is dry and flaky.  Suffice to say, I'm not a happy camper and I'm drowning my feet in moisturizing lotion.
5	This place is amazing! I've tried a few different salons since moving here but none if them ever seemed to give a salon experience. The warm stone massage and personalized service are top notch! Kim is super friendly and does an amazing job. I will definitely be back!!
3	Randomly came in and was in a hurry. They got me behind the chair right away and out of the salon within the time promised.
4	Took me a year to find this place and now that I've moved to Henderson I still come here every two weeks. They have recently redone the joint. New, big, soft pedicure chairs and ALL of them work!! Now even more nail techs. Lucy is the BEST. But Cat is giving her a run for her money.  Even the guys are great! Mid week is best. But I've never had to wait more than a few minutes. Love the music they play..very relaxing. They are up on all the latest techniques too. Fading, gel, deluxe spa pedi's and more. They even do waxing (which I've never done) but I see a steady steam of regulars pooping in!Located right off the 215, next to Roberto's. It's easy in and out!! Open till 7pm in the summer and often times I find them here later. I pay 35 or so for my gel/fading. I usually do a gel pedi too. Total is around $90. Well worth it. The toes last at least a month. Grab a Starbucks and come relax with the sweet people of oasis nails!!
5	Love love love this place!! Everyone is awesome and extremely accommodating. Always high quality service and products. Jessica is the best.
1	Will not go back! I stopped at this place bc there was a large sign outside saying that a pedi was $20. Well, come to find out (after my pedi) - that's only if you also get a full set - so I had to pay $25 for the pedi. About 1/2 way thru my pedi, the tech gets up to wax someone's eyebrows!! The experience was not worth my time.
5	I did pedicure and gel with my hand nails. The best experience that I've never had. Cate is a very friendly and wonderful nail artist. I'm happy with how it turned out, cannot wait to show my beautiful nail on Monday.
5	I have been a customer to Jessica for years. I have never been disappointed with her service and I have never been to anyone else for my nails since!  Her French tip back fill is just about flawless and will last longer than two weeks (I work in the service industry and my hands are constantly in water). Her pedicures are great too!  She takes her time and really pampers you the whole time. I love her new shop and will be a customer for life!!
1	AWFUL!!!!!!The guy who was doing my pedi left early and another woman finished once she was done doing what she was doing. My gel polish chipped within 4-5 days. I've never had such a terrible manicure! I will never return nor will I suggest this place. The wait was too long and the fact that they Demanded a tip blew my mind! Over priced for shitty service and poor quality work.
5	My favorite place in Vegas to get nails done. Great experience, chairs & regular mani/pedi includes hot stone massage!
4	Opted for the Deluxe Pedicure which included foot scrub & sea salt, spearmint marine mud mask, lotion & moisturizer massage, hot oil and stone massage plus the classic pedicure.   Ann was thorough and kept quiet the whole time which I wanted since I was so tired and really wanted to relax. The stone massage was so relaxing I fell asleep in the massage chair. I would have preferred a bit more pressure with my massage though. Place looks clean. Location is convenient for me. Overall a good experience. I'll be coming back.
5	Love this place! Reasonably priced and everyone is friendly. Brought my girls here for a girls day and we all got manicures. I go for pedicures as well as my eyebrows. It really is a one-stop shop. Highly recommended.
5	My absolute favorite place to come for wax, pedicure, manicure etc. Everyone here is so friendly. The spa itself has been changing so much in good ways. They've redecorated a lot and it's beautiful. Plus now they have a "punch card" system which is pretty awesome. They're pretty cheap too!
5	This place is fabulous. My gel nails are probably the best I've ever had in years. And they are quick,  good prices, and loyalty matters. I had been going to a salon by my house for over ten years, they have no point system or promotions- I came to oasis and they keep track of what services you do, and you get discounts after so many services. Plus they are quick! I Had A Guy Do My toes while Jessica (who's amazing) prep my gel nails and my eyebrows waxed, and was out in an hour and fifteen. I'll for sure keep coming, everything is on point. I love having my nails done but I do NOT love being in the salon for hours.  They've just got it together here. Impressed.
5	Can be pricy with gel nail option but they do it right. My gel nail stayed for 1 month. No chips and crack!! Awesome. And the pedicure...done very nicely i felt like i got my baby feet back :-)
5	Came here for a basic fill and loved how quickly I was taken care of. It's very relaxing and they're very professional. Definitely plan on coming back with some girl friends!
5	I love this nail salon! Consistent great service. I always have Peter, and he is amazing! He pays great attention to detail and never rushes. He really takes the time to do a good job. My nails last 3 weeks instead of the standard two from other salons.
5	Always the best service! My first visit I'd thought I was too late. However, they stayed open for me and the other people who were already there when I arrived. The technicians who work there are all very friendly and I find that it's a wonderful atmosphere!
