4	This is one of two stores now in the valley! The second location is in downtown Scottsdale. What a fun shop! I needed something unique for Christmas for my hard to shop for boss. This place hit the mark. I picked up a bottle of the blood orange olive oil, a bottle of the pomegranate balsamic vinegar and a black truffle oil for good measure. The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful. the shop is very cute and has a sort of apothecary vibe to it. I cant wait to go back and shop for myself!
4	Dang it, missed a FTR opportunity.  Kudos to Kirstin!Got a Groupon for this place a while back and stopped in when in the area.  The lady working was SUPER friendly and sweet and you could tell she really loved the job. She had me taste all sorts of oils and vinegars (even giving me some recipe ideas as I tried them!) and helped me pick out a great bottle to take home.I wish I lived closer to this area so I could visit more often.I highly recommend this place, and it's great if you're looking for a unique gift or a special oil or vinegar for a recipe.
5	I bought a Groupon a few weeks ago and decided to try this place out.  I have to say that I was sincerely impressed.  Most stores in the PV Mall have an upgraded chain store atmosphere that is inherent to most strip malls.  Not this place.  It is nice and tidy and even elegant!The store is clean and nicely organized.  I am a huge connoisseur of olive oil and have a decent knowledge of quality, process, freshness and taste.  I must say the manager was extremely accommodating and knows his stuff.  They have oils from Tunisia, Spain, Italy, France, Chile, etc.  It was fresh and it is encouraged to sample them.The manager told me that his favorite oil was from Chile.  The oil he suggested was probably the finest I have tried to this day.If you enjoy the finer things in life, do not miss this store.  Especially if you live near the mall.  It is the only thing that will get me into the sterile place!
5	I love olive oil. I would drink it if I wasn't worried about people judging me. And when I come here, I can drink it without strange stares! Outrageous Olive Oils and Vinegars I am convinced was created just for me and my love of all things olive oil. I have been in here twice now and I know that I will be back many times more. I found out about this place from groupon and also purchased a deal on living social. I have ended up with three bottles; basil oil, wild mushroom and sage oil, as well as the 18 year old balsamic.The set up of this place is great. You walk in, and you are greeted by many hundreds of bottles of oils and vinegars and you can taste test to your hearts content. You pick up a little stack of cups and you can mix and match and taste till you find the olive oil and vinegar that was made for you. I could spend hours in here finding endless combinations of oil and vinegars, but then I would be broke because I would end up buying tons of bottles. If you don't have any idea what you are doing when you walk in here, the ladies who work here are more than willing to help you and suggest combinations as well as ideas of how to use all oils and vinegars. Olive oil is heart healthy, and what better place to make your heart happy than this!
4	OOO & V opened about fifteen months ago, right after Thanksgiving and we've been coming here about once a month ever since.  Their olive oils and balsamic vinegars are great!If you are a foodie, like many of us on Yelp, then this is a must stop.  OOO & V carries flavor infused oils and vinegars.  On most days they have several oils open with pieces of bread to use for tastings  Great idea!Our favorites at this point would be the Garlic and also their Basil, but recently we have been enjoying their Italian Seasoning .  We use the oils almost every day mostly for cooking, but we also love it plain with bread at dinner or on a sandwich.Prices are $15.00 for a 375ml bottle and OOO & V often seems to be running a special on line mostly with Groupon (2 for 1).  I would highly recommend getting on their email distribution list so you can be alerted to their upcoming sales and specials.  Enjoy!
3	I had a good experience with Outrageous oils. The staff was polite and offered to help us sample products. The store was just a little on the small side and it seemed the selection was a little limited compared to another oil and vinegar store I have shopped called Olive Creations. All in all we would shop again if we were in the PV area, but won't go out of our way.
5	I love the PV Mall location.  All of their flavors are great, although I'm a purist and stick with regular aged balsamic vinegar when I actually purchase.  This stuff is addictive!  And the staff is very polite, helpful and friendly.
5	We LOVE the new store!!  Everyone really knows their Oils!  The quality is the best around and shopping there is always a treat!  They did a great job moving to a larger location and often cook a little so we can taste more of the product on food.  The Blood Orange EVOO and Cinnamon Pear Balsamic are my two favorite flavors along with Basil EVOO.  I just cannot get enough of them.    Please indulge yourselves and stop by for a visit.  Great Christmas presents!!!
5	Okay when I saw the store I didn't know what it was. I never heard of it before. There were samples out and I tried the sample with the popcorn. The oil that was used was White Truffle Olive Oil. I walked out with my sample and shopped around. I ended up turning back around three times to get more samples!!!! I had no idea how good it would be. It was so wonderful. I've been thinking about those oils since I left. I've been kicking myself because I didn't purchase it while in the store so I have to order online. It is so worth it and I've never had anything like that in my life. It was great and if you love to cook as much as I do, you would have as many of these oils as you could for your recipes. I can't wait to try them all!
5	LOVE this place! Went in their tonight to show my boyfriend the store, Heather was very nice and helpful! Great idea for Christmas gifts for friends and family.
4	Free tastings.  Staff was very knowledgeable about the products!
