5	I visited LV Laser Services thanks to a Groupon (or similar--I forget which one, exactly) and I was delighted by Kimberly's expertise. I had a series of three IPL treatments, but she allowed me to try out a laser genesis treatment for one of them, just to see if I liked it. I'm a fan of IPL in particular (the collagen boost is subtle but amazing, a week or so later everyone starts commenting on how well-rested I look) and her equipment and care are definitely top-notch. And her treatment table is divine--like lying on a cloud. Seriously, it's the most comfortable I've ever been during this kind of procedure. She does much more than IPL, so check out the full menu. I love that she's a self-made business woman as well, having worked her way up to her own med spa, overseen by a reputable doctor. She's also given me a couple of very valuable referrals to other providers that I've been seeking out for related but different services. I'll definitely return.
5	I've been to LV Laser for hair removal, Trinity for face, ReFirme for face, and Cavi-Lipo for the body.  I've had only the most professional experience each time.  Kimberly cares about her clients and the pride she takes in her business shows in the services I've received.  LV Laser Services is a clean, professional, and caring place for me to take care of myself.
5	I am loving how things are shaping off of me!  ;) I highly recommend the cavi-lipo if you're looking to get rid of problem areas. Just be patient and know that it's going to take more than a few sessions for optimal results despite what you saw on Dr. Oz lol. I just think that everyone must respond differently. I've visited Kim 5 times now and will probably book another 7 with this particular procedure. It's well worth it!!!!I also love the decor, cleanliness, and soothing aroma that welcomes you when you come in. Kim is fully booked (that just shows you people are really hooked and that it works!) so I'd recommend booking at least 3 appointments at a time. Enjoy the new you whether it's skinnier, smoother, or less hairy! ;) Thanks Kim!
1	I saw a groupon I was interested in so went to the website to learn more.  I couldn't.  the web site had a number of errors and I couldn't get to the list of services.  I tried to send "contact" through the web site and it didn't work either so my only contact option was e-mail.I wrote the person and told them their web site wasn't working and what I tried and my perception of a business that is trying to promote itself but doesn't have a functioning web site (basically "rookie").  I pointed out the error and what I was trying to learn from the web site and why I decided against the groupon based on information I couldn't get.I received a rude e-mail back basically saying she was not a web site expert and she is reconsidering Groupon because of rude people.Last time I checked, customer feedback wasn't rude, it was a kindness to help a business understand how they can be perceived and how they might be able to improve.If a business person that could be using lasers on your face or injecting botox or fillers or something doesn't want to listen to simple web site problems... why would they listen to anything else a customer had to say?I wouldn't trust my face to someone who apparently doesn't care.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update: 4-10-14  Today I receive another nasty e-mail from Kimberly Klepatz among her complaints was "I don't even do injectibles".  OK.... but because the web site wasn't working and had a huge phone number over the navigation bar, I couldn't find out what services were actually offered.Among her complaints were that I was "rude" by telling her that her web site did not work properly, what it was doing, and what my perception was based on what I saw.   Now she's mad about the negative Yelp review.It's hard for me to imagine someone so resistant to feedback in a service business.  It's even harder for me to imagine letting someone who won't accept responsibility for a simple error on web development at my face with a laser.  What if something went wrong?  Would she accept responsibility or just blame it on the customer?I am still amazed that rather than getting a "Thank you.  I'm not sure what's wrong but I'll look into it" on my feedback on the website I got "I am going to reconsider Groupon because of rude people"I need to check Yelp review policies but if I am allowed to publish a threaded e-mail, you would all die laughing!It's kind of like "Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares" where the horrible cook is blaming the food sent back to the kitchen on the customers.Really?  Anyone ever see the episode of that show where he brought in the Yelpers he blamed for his demise?  They were all interested in giving the business owner honest feedback to *help* yet he wouldn't listen.  (I think he did when Ramsey nearly beat the snot out of him verbally... but I'm not Gordon Ramsey... just someone who know the power of active consumers.)I scream at the top of my lungs and applaud and promote businesses who do a really good job, deliver great service, have great food, etc.    I also think that those who behave horribly earn their reviews.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------4-10-14  10:24PM  I just downloaded 2 other browsers and sent 3 screen shots to this business owner to demonstrate the problem and isolated it to one browser.  She actually sent me an e-mail before I completed downloading chrome and testing it saying the web site was developed by someone else and she would give me plenty of contacts.Wow.  Try to be helpful and point out a problem and suddenly you are being repeatedly called rude AND then try to be extra helpful and send visual representation of the problem.. and.... ???   I'm not actually sure of the intent.Am I supposed to be personal technical support for a business person that  kind of shredded me a new one?Truly one of the weirdest Yelp experiences of my life.-------------------------------------------------------------------------
5	Finally!!! I'm nearly conditioned to be disappointed with services & products purchased through Groupon. Thinking I would give it one last go I bought a series of IPL Photofacials from LV LASER SERVICES and was elated with the treatment, service, professionalism and knowledge of the owner. In fact I was so happy with my service that I went back for more! In addition to receiving the IPL Photofacials, I've received several sessions of the Cavi-lipo as well. Being a mother of four I don't have much time to spend on myself but I most definitely intend to keep LV LASER SERVICES a permanent part of my regular beauty regimen. It's worth every minute and penny!! I think Kimberly is Las Vegas's best kept beauty secret! In addition my boyfriend and mom were so impressed that they too started receiving treatment at LV LASER SERVICES. They both have had great results from Lazer Genesis. Further more I can't wait to share my new find with all my girlfriends! I rarely write reviews but felt compelled to do so on this one! Blessing to those who decide to treat themselves...you won't be disappointed!
1	HERE'S WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU WRITE A NEGAtTIVE REVIEW:4-12-14  UPDATE  FROM KIMBERLY: Hi Leslie, you would have received a thank you if you deserved one. Your deliverance is unattractive, and was not POSITIVE feedback. Thank goodness I have the right to refuse business to people like you. I hope you find some positive energy in your life and learn to meditate or something. Perhaps get off the computer and do something constructive. Anyone reading your posts can see you have nothing better to do than complain about what others aren't doing.  Sorry we do not live up to your standards in web design.  I passed on the information to my web designer.  THANK YOU!!!  Here is my positive feedback, go to yoga, meditate, pray, do something with harnessing your negativity.AND MORE....4-13-14Are you freaking serious? I read over a few of your reviews, and let me tell you, you need to get a life! I've read negative review after negative review of all kinds of places, just for your stupid ridiculous opinion. At first, I wondered if an old bat like you could actually use a computer, but looks like someone in your ancient age group has figured it out. Have you stopped to think about how you might be when you get even older? Jeez, I hope that you take some time out of your poor miserable life to really look into yourself and your personality. You're a disgrace to humanity, all you do is complain. get a life, you make me sick. people like you make customer service worse. why don't you try to be positive. ooh, by the way, i saw a group on for laser fat removal, you should try it cow. not only are you ugly to look at you're also ugly to listen to.AND MORE...but I need not share it to give an accurate representation of how NOT to run a business.The owner accused me of trying to "ruin small business" when I was trying to help with a web browser problem with Firefox (even sent screen shots of 3 browsers so she could understand what wasn't working)The irony is no one person can ruin a business,except the person running it.
5	Well I don't know where to start,,,  I think that Kimberly has saved my sanity...I went for a specific treatment and I have found a weekly stress reducer... Kimberly nor only worked on skin and so much more but most important Mental wellness... my mind went to such a peaceful place even just for an hour.... my whole week was great...I just want others to find what I have found.... SPECIAL special  woman Kimberly is among being the best in beauty..... past forgot how beautiful and peaceful the place is....Thank you...... Dawn
5	What a wonderful woman! She was able to help me with my skin in a timely manner with excellent customer service. She was able to empathize with me and allowed me to feel comfortable immediately. I love it here!
5	I've been getting laser facials for years and Kimberly is the absolute best! She is so professional and sincerely cares about her customers. She has the best equipment and is extremely knowledgeable. You can count on always receiving top notch service and attention. I tell all my friends to go to LV Laser Services. Thanks for all you do!
5	Kimberly was excellent! Her place is very clean, professional, and smells like a spa! She gave me honest advice about treatments for my skin type. I went in for an IPL treatment. I did not have a lot of hyper pigmentation, but what I had bothered me. Kim did an excellent job at targeting my areas of self-consciousness. I could see my pigment coming to the surface as soon as I left the office. Can't wait to go back for a different service. Thank you!
5	I recently purchased a Groupon for 3 IPL Photofacials. I had my first one this morning at LV Laser Services (this was my first experience with an IPl facial AND LV Laser Services). The salon was spotless, spacious and very calming and welcoming. I was greeted by Kimberly who was extremely nice. After filling out my paperwork I was taken back to a comfortable room to begin my treatment. Kimberly explained what was going to happen, listened to any concerns I had and then began. During the treatment we conversed, talking about skin care issues, checking if I was comfortable periodically during the treatment etc. she offered plenty of advice for anti aging tips. As usual, I am always a bit apprehensive about going to a new salon, because money is not plentiful and I worry about being made to feel guilty about my daily skincare regime and of course getting pressured into purchasing additional products. I am very happy to say that this never happened with Kimberly :). She was very positive, encouraging and complimentary throughout the hour I spent with her. I would highly recommend Kimberly and LV Laser Services. I am looking forward to my next treatment in January and once I hve used up my set of 3 which I purchased via Groupon, I will definitely continue using Kimberly for my skincare. Very happy client. Very positive experience :)
