1	this was the worst experience i have had in like forever.first when i get there they tell me that this location doesn't yet have the new sandwiches.(even though the 29 others do)well i just roll with it & order a #3-the flamethrower-looks alot like the new a&w firecracker-a double cheese with spicy jack-hot tobasco mayo & peppers.they told me it would 5 minutes & they would bring it out. i started looking at they ads & i was ready to get a banana split & get another to go for the kid.but then the food came out........it was so terrible i took 2 bites & spit it out. greasy, greasy,greasy. no flavor beyond the grease. it was not spicy in any way-the tomato was frozen, the lettuce was the white piece from the center, the little smear of pink mayo was in no way spicy and the cheese was just white it had no peppers in it or anything. no jalapenos or peppers of any kind on it. and the burger was disgusting-greasy & slimy. a freezer burnt frozen patty. the second bite i bit something hard like a rock and it was over. the fries were undercooked and the soda was flat. the management seemed completely clueless. no wonder this place is empty every time i have ever driven by. i would recommend doing what i did for 10 years before today-just drive by! or if you do stop just take the $$ & a lighter and watch it burn!!
4	Love this old school Dairy Queen! They always hook my dogs up with milk bones in the drive thru. Just be patient with the drive thru speaker. It's old; speak slowly and clearly. :-)
3	The most awkward drive-thru I've EVER seen. It's kind of annoying to make that very tight turn into the drive thru line, but what I won't do for ice cream. I've been here on a handful of occasions and it does the trick when I've craving some dairy goodness. I usually get a dipped cone, but they have two new flavors to choose from - cherry and butterscotch. I tried the butterscotch, but I'll probably stick to the tried and true chocolate next time. Haven't tried any of their food items. I strictly come here for dessert, usually after dinner in Chinatown. Good for what it is.
3	When did DQ stop having mr.misty floats?? It has been at least a decade since I've been to a dairy queen, but that was a sad surprise. They had Arctic something or other, basically a slurpee and it wasn't the same, way way too sweet. They have the classics - blizzard, dip cone, and I think buster bars? Its nice to see an old school dairy queen still standing even if they didn't have what I came for
1	Puke Palace!!!Advisory: This location ONLY!I use to come here on my lunch breaks because it was right next to where I used to work. I would walk here almost once a week...JUST FOR CONVENIENCE! We only got a half hour lunch so I had to go somewhere close and the only other option was Mc Donald's and I'm not a big fan! So hmmm where do I begin? Yes its that bad! Ok the 1st time I came here I ordered a bacon cheese burger combo which after tax was like $8.00bucks!!!...OMG it took 20 minutes for me to get my order which meant I had to scarf this nasty sickening burger down in 5 mins because I still had to walk back to work and clock in! Not to mention on top of it taking forever to cook it was under cooked I saw it was rare pink!!! I was so pissed off and had no time to complain I just ate the thing and left to work. I tried this place a few more times only because I didn't have time to eat anywhere else. The second time I ate here I tried there chicken strips. UMMM they were tasty but had blue dots streaming through them...not sure what that was but hey I'm still living! After trying various items I came to realize the only tasty and safe thing to order was their chili cheese fries which after tax came to almost 6 bucks for a large. Luckily I do not nearby anymore and will NOT be returning! *NASTY FOOD *OVER PRICED *DIRTY AND FILTHY DINE IN *DRUGGED OUT EMPLOYEES PS: The employees are ALL NASTY and DRUGGED OUT!!! I witnessed an employee with dirty finger nails. Also no washing of hands or gloves while touching raw and cooked food. This location seems more of a health department issue than anything else. Please if you can avoid eating at THIS Dairy Queen Please avoid it! at all costs!
1	I am guilty of eating at this location from time to time as it is close to my home. I have to say I normally like Dairy Queen! It takes me back to the 80's when life was easy breezy! Mmmmm Heath bar blizzard, such a treat! Cherry dilly bar, mmmmm yummy! My issue and complaint is THIS location only! I finally decided to write my review to help others avoid this train wreck of an operation! If I can save one person from eating at this location then I have done my duty! Food is never made or cooked properly! Corn dogs are still frozen in the middle. Blizzards have very little mix ins! Always skimpy! If I order a snickers or heath bar blizzard, come on and put some in it! Cheeseburger tasted fowl and I can't describe the taste and odor other than the memory of tossing it into a bin labeled TRASH. Prices are high for the amount and quality of food you get. The wait for food is ridiculous, after visiting a few times and waiting 20 minutes regardless of what I ordered I knew this place had issues. I should have never returned after my first visit however I was open at the time to give them another shot. Always a long wait and disappointment in what I ordered. This store is clearly a franchise, they are not playing by the rules that is for sure. They cut corners beyond reason and it shows in their service and quality. The staff at this location leaves a lot to be desired. I have cut this location out as an option, it no longer exist to me. The drive thru set up is ridiculous. Try driving in an inside circle and talking through a cup and string speaker system. Stay away from this location! They are only consistent in BAD.This location has been written off of my list for good!
4	Not the best, not the worst, but definitely fills the need quite well. DQ doesn't fall under the late-night category but it does fit my requirement of comfort and quick. All deep fried goodness, DQ burgers are better than the fast chains (McD, JiB, BK), and DQ uses a Frank's Hot Sauce.Recent EPIC discovery upon my last visit: you can add hot fudge to the bottom of your Blizzard. BRILLIANT!!!
3	I drive by this location often going to and from plays at Las Vegas Little Theatre in Chinatown.  I always see their Blizzard of the Month and I have never had one.  I'm always on my way home and it's on the wrong side of Spring Mountain Road.OK, I had extra time the other night and I had a strong desire to get some ice cream on the 100 degree day.  Problem solved.  Traffic was lighter than normal and I was able to make the south turn into the DQ , parked, and went inside.The store is a bit old and somewhat rundown, but it was clean and there weren't many people there.  I looked at the Blizzard board for quite awhile and decided to go with the Blizzard of the Month--Confetti cake.  That's white cake pieces and confetti frosting blended with vanilla soft serve.  It was OK.  I should have stood firm with something peanut butter, but hey, when you're Blizzard of the Month, I guess you have to be good.I may stop here again but I'll order with more care.  The staff was very pleasant and let me take all the time I wanted to decide.  Good service.
3	It wasn't bad, but wasn't as delicious as I remember back in the day DQ was better than ok but then again I was a pothead! But their blizzard are still better than ever && this location isn't dirty it's pretty clean. But I'm going to stick to the blizzards && eat a real meal some where else. So if you come here make sure it's for desert.
1	Horrid stay away.  I don't know why i went to this place after reading the terrible reviews. Every bad review was spot on.   This place sucks beyond imagination.Horrid food, and a staff that is totally out to lunch.
1	came here after dinner with some friends. main issue is:i think the owner (an asian dude) was wearing crocs without socks while making and serving food.the portions were generous, my blizzard was overflowing. awesome. but then while we were eating we all got this whiff of ASS. i looked at my friends and they looked at me like "did you do it?" finally we looked over at the only other people who were an old couple a few tables away from us and they looked over at us like "do you smell that?" finally we all started laughing and said it must be their sewer pipe or something. we already finished our stuff but overheard the wife of the elderly couple say "ugh... how can you eat that with that smell?" hahaha we all got up and left. everyone was laughing while we walked out the door.
1	This place is the definition of repugnant. I understand when a mistake happens once or twice when it is busy, but I have gone here multiple times and during those multiple times, my order and the service have been not at it's best. For example, I have ordered fries and they told me it was going to be a few minutes because they make everything fresh, but when I got the fries, they were cold and undercooked. Secondly, when I order a blizzard, the amount of toppings in very light. Thirdly, filthy filthy filthy. I am not surprised that I saw a C rating in their lobby. Overall, I will no longer go out of my way to this place is to eat.
4	I like this location.  They're right by my house, so it is very convenient.  The staff have always been polite, and have never messed up an order. :D
5	Love this dairy queen location they always get my orders right and I love there blizzards and they always are top notch when it comes to service and customer service.
4	drive thru, avoid going in there. i always get the Hawaiian Blizzard! yumo
4	Dairy Queen was a mystery to me before meeting my girlfriend. She introduced me to the delicious chicken strips and wonderful drinks. The blizzards are made with a multitude of toppings! I will be coming back frequently to get my chicken strip fix and a great dessert!
4	Iron Grilled Sandwiches were good. Been here with some of my friends and noticed how lovely their burgers and sandwiches are.  The dining area has good decors, ambiance was cool, comfortable to eat with.Employees were very helpful on our orders, I love how they treat us. It felt like were just eating at home.Will recommend their burgers and Sandwiches.
1	This is the worst Dairy Queen I have ever been to. I am currently sitting in this dirty excuse for a Dairy Queen and I have been waiting for like 1/2 an hour while car after car gets served and I I sit there and wait.I finally got my order and it's wrong. They made my Sunday's first and they are melted so they have to make them again. The worst ever.
4	Normally come in here and get banana splits we tried something different tonight we got the thing called the waffle bowl sundaes ( Turtle) actually this pretty good.
