5	In n out just like the burger!
5	Guns gas n ammo, what more could ya ask fer?
5	I must say that I was floored by the wonderful service from a certain gentleman there (again...didn't think to get his name..but he's blonde, glasses and about 5'8 or so). I had my two monkeys in the car and it was time to make that painful trip to the gas pump. I was paying cash and the store is about 50 feet from the pump so I ran in backwards, watching the kids and the curb. He saw me and practically jumped over the counter to help me. I had to change out my large bill and he was standing by the door watching my babies like a hawk for me. When it came time to get my change...he was super quick and super cool. He must have kids and know what its like to be me. Gas prices may suck big time but it was the great service provided at Speedee Mart that made it a bit easier handing over my $90.
5	Sure am glad they built this place.  Much cleaner than the chevron and it was way to busy anyways.  Southern highlands is a large community with not enough gas stations.
4	The only thing wrong with the Speed Mart is there is way too many things going on in the parking lot.  Water pick up, air pumps, Gas pumps, Purple Penguin, Donation bend  Vacuum station for the car wash and during the summer Fireworks.  Way too much stuff it get crazy in the afternoons!  Good Coffee, and nice people working the counter.....  If you can make through the parking lot it's a good place to pick up your snacks and gas.
5	I love every single employee especially Rudy. These people are the nicest ones I've ever met at any convenient store and were all on first name bases ... They know what I want the second I come in and I love the buyer for that store. They have so many cool knick knacks. My neighborhood convenience store for sure.
5	The service is really friendly here. I just utilize their car wash service because it's so convenient and fast. When you purchase a car wash through the teller inside be sure to ask for a frequent car wash card; when you buy 5 car washed you'll get your 6th one for free.
