2	For being such a big store, they have a very small entrance.  I've tried to go in here twice and there's always a gaggle of people crammed around the door trying to get in or out.  And I'm always suspicious of bike shops that don't have a bike rack so you can park your ride outside.  They're probably good people.  But this place seems like an expensive corporate time waster.  I'll try a local mom and pop shop next.
4	My bike-dork boyfriend refers to Performance Bicycle as "the Wal-Mart of bike shops." It's a bit generic and far less esoteric than other bike shops you'll find in Charlotte, but Performance has cheap prices. I bought a helmet there for $20. I saw it for $40 at other stores. I'm somewhat new to cycling, but Performance seems like a great place to go for all the accessories - and maybe even to get your bike. Why pay a lot for a U-lock when you can get it for cheap at Performance?
4	I went here while shopping for some accessories to fix up my new bike earlier this week, and I found it to be a wonderful place to start. A lot of the bike shops in the area are for folks who are much more into biking, kind of as a culture, than I am. I just want to save a few bucks by biking to class occasionally and going to the grocery store on the bike with my big, dorky basket, and Performance was great for me. Nobody made me feel stupid for having a few questions, and I found everything I needed at great prices.
4	I came here not too long ago to get an old bike service, and the overall experience was pretty awesome. They did an amazing job on the bike, and it was less than $100, which is a great surprise to me. On top of the service, the place itself has an unreal selection of bikes and bike equipment, with a super friendly staff that does well to help you decide what you need and don't need. Also, there was a cute dog on the floor of the store--just a super mellow, chill environment with great people. Definitely be sure to check this place out for your bike needs.
2	Laaaame.I went here to get some shorts and parts for my bike during the NC tax holiday.  After I left, I discovered that they had charged me tax on the clothing items even after I specifically raised that issue and they told me they were not going to charge tax.Also, they insisted on charging me for a couple cable caps despite the fact that I was buying a bunch of brake and derailleur cables (and a lot of other stuff).  Any decent shop would have handed me a few caps on the house, because they're cheap as toothpicks and hey, it's great customer service to be friendly.  But not Performance. Go to your local bike shop for better service.
2	I haven't been here in over a year, but this place was awful. The staff was horrible. Every time I would go I would get the hard sell to the point where I would actually leave. There was one creepy guy who kept repeating my name whenever I would go there in conversation. The store is decent, but no...
5	Just getting into the cycling world and found this place very helpful.  Especially on a Sunday - near closing time.  The staff still took the time out to answer questions and I ended up finding a killer high visibility jacket on the clearance rack.The staff is quiet knowledgeable.  I did not purchase my bike here, so I don't know if there's any pressure to do so, but I mostly came here to gather gear and look at the clearance rack.  I'm sure they service bikes here as well... just haven't gotten to the point where my bike needs service just yet (knock on wood).
1	It's almost like a garage sale.. There are some decent things to buy in there but you just have to search for them. Some parts are a cheaper version of what top of the line bike stores offer. And, their mechanics aren't the most qualified. A chain that was applied by one of their master mechanics screwed up a XTR rear derailuer and cassette. Pretty much a glorified Walmart. Not good and will never go back.
5	Great spot for the budget minded and the folks that like to spend money.  I fall between those two categories yet find myself in the store 1-3 times per week.  There is always a sale!   Their prices on clothing and accessories cannot be beat..it isn't even close.They have a great selection of bikes.   The staff I have dealt with are very knowledgeable and are very into cycling (helps when they can speak from experience).  I would encourage anyone looking for a new bike or to replace an existing bike to speak with Jacob or Stacey.  The store manager, Tim, is very knowledgeable and friendly.I recently bought a super nice all carbon road bike w/ SRAM force group set for an unbeatable, crazy low price.  The store's prices, in Charlotte, cannot be beat.
5	I ordered bike from the store's "red phone" since they didn't have my size in stock. These orders go to their call center, and long story short, the call center messed up and cancelled my order and didn't tell me. Things happen, but it's more important to me on how the company handles it. While I never heard from the call center, shop manager Tim took it upon his shoulders to make sure I didn't leave the store disappointed when my bike arrived. He succeeded. Despite the fact that it wasn't the local store's fault, Tim understands the value to service and I appreciated his efforts along with mechanic Dave and sales manager Kate. Through researching which bike to purchase, Performance had the best price for a bike with Shimano 105 components. I probably talked to 4 or 5 different staff members throughout my visits and they all were helpful and willing to answers my millions of questions. No hard sell at all.I visited all the other bike shops in town and found that service was hit or miss and selection at other stores was embarrassingly low at times. Performance  stood above the rest and I highly recommend them.
5	I went in today looking for a particular bike and to learn about accessories for upcoming purchase. It has been about 8 years since I have cycled, and Jacob was excellent with answering my questions, sharing his knowledge, and pointing me in the right direction of the bike that will be the best fit for me, my usage, and budget. I'm also looking at a car rack, helmet, seat upgrade, and equipment, all which I will purchase from them because he took the time to show me with no pressure or upselling! Thanks Performance!
1	I have been a customer for a few years and have had some great experiences with them... parts & purchasing my son's first bike. Each time I have dealt with the people at the front of the store and have been satisfied. I went back recently and had the extreme misfortune of dealing with a kid in the back who clearly missed the day of training that dealt with Customer Service 101... or basic communication skills. It is unfortunate, but I will be going somewhere else from now on.
5	These guys are great! Their prices are unbeatable, the service is outstanding, fast and reliable and their employees are always friendly, helpful and personable. My only complaint is when I got my bike home, I noticed I was missing a valve cap. Other than that, these guys are amazing and I will definitely be back! Shoutout to Tyler who is a great employee with an awesome attitude and plenty of knowledge!
5	Good selection, awesome prices, terrific, knowledgable staff. They know cycling and are extremely helpful.
