5	This has been my regular gym for the past few months and for good reason. It is the best equipped 24 hr fitness for at least 200 miles!By far, this 24 Hour Fitness stays the least crowded at all times (I almost feel guilty about revealing this online for fear that it will get more crowded) compared to almost every other one I've been to (the only exception is the one in Indio, CA).  I have been to approximately ten different 24 Hour Fitness facilities over the past year.The free weights are available in abundance AND THE PEOPLE THERE PUT THEM BACK WHERE THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO GO!!!  Simply amazing!They have two sets (4 each) of most of the dumbbells available in 5lb increments up to 150lbs (some clubs have them down to 2.5lb increments up to 52.5lbs).  They have two towers of bar bells available in 5lb increments and the heavier weights are available with the EZ Curl bar.  They have 3 flat bench press benches and (I believe) 1 decline and 2 incline benches.The dumb bells and bar bells are the new style Iron Grip rubber coated weights.  Most of the equipment and facilities are new.  There are plenty of treadmills, stair machines and they have the new Precor elliptical stride machines -- I don't know the exact names for them...I don't do any of the cardio classes, but it appears that there's always extra room in there.  The same thing goes for the spin classes.  I don't use the pool and I don't use the kiddie care facilities so I can't comment on those either. My biggest complaint is about the locker room.  Many of the lockers look like they have been pried open at some point.  The showers are pretty crappy, but at least they have partitions (no doors).  Definitely not the worst showers I've used.  THE BATHROOMS STINK HERE!!!  They are not properly ventilated and I think everyone assumes that the urinals automatically flush, but they have the old school flush handles.  I have to hold my breath every time I have to take a whizz.
4	This club is well managed and clean.  I travel to this club due to the one on Tropicana being poorly run.  The equipment is new and works well.
