2	Terrible coffee.  So bitter I would have to dump a quarter cup of cream and several heaping tablespoons of sugar into this cup-a-joe to overpower the flavor...  but at that point, why wouldn't I go all out and find myself a milkshake or some other creamy sugary treat?  The muffins are the size of your head.  Lots of calorie-laden treats.  I had some carrot cake once and it had that stale refrigerator flavor in the icing.  What a waste. My advice, walk across the street to Starbucks. At least you'll get a mediocre cup of coffee instead of a bad one.
2	The ground's gone sour at this plantation. The coffee isn't the best, but if carrot cake is your scene, man, then it's worth checking out. Located at the Biltmore Fashion Park, parking is usually an issue. Since they're open until midnight, you can get a decent parking spot sometime around half an hour before closing. The crew on hand is usually a little surly and sometimes a little scary. I've coined a new word that will cover this breed of counter worker: "scurly". Maybe it's not new, nor does it make any sense but in my fragile mind, it sums up the attitude I usually encounter on the rare occasions I go anymore. As I just mentioned, they are open until midnight so it's a decent place to go meet up with some friends after hours if you aren't a fan of bars and smoke... or Denny's and Applebees... or good coffee. I ripped my pants on a jagged piece of metal protruding from a broken chair here once, so they lose another star for that...
3	The most noticeable demographic at this Coffee Plantation are the bratty teenagers that go there on the weekends, obviously not to drink coffee or listen to acoustic Paul Simon covers. I know this because I was one of those teenagers. When I was first in high school, my friends and I pretty quickly figured out that parents had no problem driving us to Coffee Plantation to drop us off for what appeared to be an innocent night of caffeine and maybe even ice cream. What would usually happen, however, was the walk to isolated, unsupervised places where we would congregate and get into all kinds of trouble. Then we would go back to the Coffee Plantation to be picked up and wreak havoc on the innocent customers trying to spend their Friday or Saturday nights there. Apparently we weren't the last group to think that it was a good idea. Sorry, folks, but for a laid back coffee night, CP probably isn't your spot .
3	Long ago, and not really that far away, this place used to be awesome.  Good live music now and then.  Lots of different peeps for people watching.  Service was fairly fast.  Oh how things have changed.  Apparently they've gone over to the dark side. The last few times I've encountered lots of folks there looking to meet folks for the first time (Can you say internet hook up?) and a lot of teenagers who, like Jake was back in the day, are escaping from their parents supervision. And the service has generally acted like they could care less.  The stuff I've always gotten is hard to screw up so it's hard to speak much for quality - but you can tell it's not exactly served with love.  Still - it's an awesome location to meet up.  There are lots of good tables inside - though it can get a bit noisy.  And since they don't rush you out of there too much, it's a great place to wait for your sugar daddy to show up and take you shopping.  Or before you go check out the latest sale at Pottery Barn.  Whatever.
3	ok great place to have a meating ok -1 star for sometimes Horrible Parking its the biltmores Fault...I once tried to get coffee here between locations it took over 20minutes just to park....and yes a year or two ago they did offer more Coffee type drink Variations? what happened? (-1 star) Free internet is great and open till midnight does beat starbucks...
1	Just because you have the word Plantation, implying old Southern American charm, in your name doesn't mean you can't provide modern services like clean restrooms? Perhaps you could sweep the floor. And wipe down the counter. Oh, I know, maybe the pigeon poo could be scraped off the tables. I know. I know. I'm asking so much. And you'd think with a sort of Southern American name, you'd have that Blanche Deveroe, drawl and all, southern service, friendly and warm, like a peach cobbler on an autumn afternoon. Sadly, no. If I were to go again, I shall bring my Dustbuster, Lysol and my Miss Manner Guide to Etiquette book (yes, I do have one, quit laughing Kristin and Stevey P.) Rants aside, the coffee was passable. Although the coffee station was messier than the Circle K near the airport. It looked as a group of overly caffenited monkeys had just used it. And the croissant. Was like a pastry boomerang. And yes, when I threw it, sadly, it came back to me!  I have better Pillsbury products in my fridge. Coffee Plantation. Ya'll don't come back now, ya hear!!
3	I love this place. Sure, it's crowded, the coffee isn't that great, and teenagers swarm the place, but it's a big landmark in the Phoenix area. Growing up in Phoenix and going to school around the area, Coffee Plantation has turned into a second home. Regretfully I was one of those teenagers that swarmed the place, but they usually grow up to have the same consideration for the spot like the adults before us. Even my older siblings were the annoying tweens around CP, but even as they and I grew up, CP never gets old.No matter how crappy the service may be, it is a staple of Phoenix to me and to many others. I'm sad to see that it has closed down. It's the best place to go late at night when you just want to sit and chat with your friends. Parking has gotten a lot better, a lot of people forget about the huge garage the Biltmore has. Many just try and get a spot right in front when the garage is just a short walk away.
3	The latest review is bizarre. I think I stepped into a timewarp.CP IS CLOSED.Gutted.I saw it with my own lying eyes just last week.How was a review dated today written, as if it just happened?You are now entering the twilight zone. Paging Rod Serling.OK enough dissing and drama. Rumor is they are moving to Town and Country at 20th st or so.I always liked it for the people watching. The coffee was always decent and always better than Charbucks. But since the Biltmore is turning into a giant epic fail as the businesses that had people coming back over and over are replaced with bad chains... ugh.  People watching at Town and Country isn't going to be the same.It's the end of an era.
1	Thankfully they're still closed. That's it.That's my update.Drink Folgers. Drink Sanka. Drink malted battery acid. Just know you're lucky you didn't drink the "coffee" here!
