2	This was the only vendor offered with our venue and found it a little less than desirable. The person assisting us did not come across as welcoming and her tone of voice was short.  Using square cake pans rather than round cost extra and fondant icing was the only choice available. Their position was that their more expensive fondant was a better quality but it wasn't. The cake and filling was fine; the icing was not. Some of our decor ideas would cost extra and we were unwilling to put that much extra money on a cake upgrade. The result was a mediocre cake.
4	I discovered this place two weeks ago by chance as I walked by it. Its very cute inside...just a tiny little shop with a case full of goodness.I got a red velvet twinkie and it was really good. It tasted nothing like a twinkie (which is a good thing!), but it was a nice change from a traditional red velvet cupcake. The cream cheese frosting was on the inside and the little cake was topped with a layer of chocolate. Yum!I will try something else on my next trip.
5	A true hidden delight!   If you your sweet tooth has a "picky palate", then you need to head over to Old Town right away! I work in the area and found them by walking around the South Bridge area.  When I walked in, I thought they were only a "wedding cake" kind of place.  But, fortunately, I was wrong.  Yes, they do amazing custom cakes for any occasion (especially weddings), but they have a display case of treats which make "mouth watering" become an understatement rather quickly.  The owner actually works there and was quite friendly.  She explained the menu and offered up several choices based on my preferences.  The deserts taste simply delicious and they look like little works of art.  I highly recommend the Lemon bar, the chocolate cupcake, and you must try her little "cake truffles" - your mouth will die from happiness!   I can only imagine how delicious her wedding cakes must be....Enjoy!
5	Classic Cakes and Confections is one of a kind. I have yet to walk into a cake store in the valley that made me feel like a kid in a candy store.This tiny little shop has actual real cakes on display throughout the shop. Now don't let the flowerpot with a beautiful bouquet fool you when you first walk through the door. The real so life looking ganache plant, shovel and dirt is an actual cake. The cakes you find on display at this lovely shop are so unique I think personally I would not want to eat them. The beautiful detail of the hand made creation are "AMAZING." Each cake is special designed and tailored to your specific need. The Tiffany Bag had my eyes stuck like glue. Yes, the beautiful blue bag that women dream of is an actual cake on display in the store. I even saw a brown handbag that looked like the high end ones in the store. Besides all the creative cakes such as a golf set or robot I saw the most beautiful wedding cake with so much detail it left me speechless. "I found my future wedding cake."The store has cakes ranging from small to low end cakes. Each cake serves a purpose so the prices are based on ones need. The store offers dinner cakes from Red Velvet with Cream Cheese Butter cream to Chocolate Butter and much more. You can choose from various flavors and fillings. The gentlemen who helped me was very knowledge and helpful. Though I did not by anything my browsing experience was so much fun. I am sure I will use this cake store in the future but I will defiantly in the mean time going to refer them.
4	We stopped in today for the Yelp Shops Local shopping crawl and the sweets are sooo yummy! They were so friendly with us and provided us a sample of their truffles. I had the chocolate cake truffle and promptly bought 2 more....to die for. I also picked up a mini blueberry pie for my husband ($8) that looked delicious, too. I'm not into blueberries but it looked really good. There was many baked goods: brownies, red velvet twinkies, truffles, cupcakes, cookies, and of course cakes!
5	Ended up here during a Yelp event, and wow! They were giving away free mocha/chocolate truffles and they were absolutely delicious. The chocolate was dark enough to not be overly sweet, but the flavor was great. We also bought a walnut brownie to go and it was gooey and yummy. The owner was happy to tell us all about his cakes, desserts and other goodies, but not overly pushy. There were some amazing cakes on display, and a few that were too realistic to actually be cakes (even though they were). We'll definitely be back when we're on this side of town with a sweet tooth.
4	Wow you have to see this place to believe it.  I know you have seen those cake shows on TV.  Now you can see it in person !!! The cakes are amazing, I can't believe they are all edible.  The owner couldn't be nicer or more accommodating.  If you need a cake or a box of truffles for any occasion , get here ASAP !!
5	I walked in during a Yelp event and this place... this place. The owners are very friendly and they know their stuff. The brownie was ridiculous. The next time I am in the east valley, I'm going to make time to stop in. This place was amazing.
2	I wasn't overwhelmed, I wasn't underwhelmed, I was just whelmed by Classic Cakes and Confections Bakery, hence the meh rating.I had family in town visiting who invited me over for dinner last minute and I couldn't show up empty handed.  I contemplated heading to a corporate cupcake place that shall not be named but I like to support local businesses so decided to give CC&C a try.  They had small and medium sized cakes and tarts ranging from $12-20+ and an array of baked deliciousness like cookies, brownies, and pastries.  They also had AMAZING wedding cake models in store that are custom orders.  Walking up they had a sandwich board sign saying "cupcakes buy one, get one free" and inside there was a sign that said cupcakes were 2 for $5 so I asked to take all they had left which was 12 cupcakes.  My total bill came to $33 and I was very confused.  Cupcakes were BOGO free and the sign said 2 for $5 so I expected to pay $16 for the cupcakes.  The cashier explained that the cupcakes are normally priced $4.50-$5 so the BOGO and the 2 for $5 were the same thing.  Huh?  $5 for a cupcake?  I asked why there were 2 different signs indicating differently and his answer was "I didn't want to have to redo the inside sign for the cupcakes."I ended up getting 6 of the only 3 flavors they had left, raspberry cake with vanilla frosting, vanilla cake with strawberry frosting, and almond cake with vanilla frosting.  This is where the whelmed comes in, they were ok.  Not great, not bad but just ok and definitely not worth $5.  I am not sure what kind of frosting they were topped with, it was lighter than a butter cream and closer to marshmallow fluff consistency.  I do want to go back and try some of their other baked goods because they looked amazing but definitely not going to be ordering cupcakes again unless I'm ready to just be whelmed.  So much for shopping local.
1	I decided to give this place a try since I've seen it a few times while eating at Cowboy Ciao.  The place looked appetizing.  I tried the coconut chewy bar and my friend tried the lemon bar.  They were pretty good actually.Now here is why I gave them a 1 star rating.  The person working behind the counter said he was the owner and said his name was Neil.  My friend and I were the only customers in at that point.  I was curious about the store and asked him some questions about how long they have been there.  He was rude and at one point to "don't worry about it"  On the way out, I walked by him having a conversation with another business nearby.  While getting into my car, the other gentleman was talking about some issues and Neil cut him off and said "I really don't care how your business does."  It was completely uncalled for.Even though the treats were tasty, I will not be bringing my business back there due to the way Neil treated me and the person he was talking down to outside.  Good riddance.
5	If you're looking for a sweet treat after dinner in Old Town, this is definitely the spot! I recommend the red velvet twinkies or the kitchen sink cookies. There's a little something for everyone at this clammed up bakery...even brides-to-be!
1	I was really excited to buy a cake while visiting the Scottsdale area, and Classic Cakes and Confections seemed like a really nice place based on their website. When I got there, the sign on the door says that the place opens at 10 am, but apparently they have summer hours that start at 11 am. I decided to wait until the place opened by looking at the shops in the area, which were had nothing interesting but jewelry. After 11, I returned, only to find that not a single employee was there and the doors were all locked. Looking inside, I decided that the place wasn't worth the hour I wasted waiting. Don't go, there are plenty of other places in the area that open when they say they open and probably sell better baked goods.
5	Bought a small cheese cake and it was very, very good.    They havecute and unusual gifts.  I bought some skull cookie cutters.  See pics.
5	I've been here a few times and I love it! I love their cheesecakes and cake truffles! The cakes on display are really amazing and they are always super friendly!
