5	Sub One is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. I used to work near there, and I went to Sub One almost every day. They have a unique vegetarian sandwich with fake meat that they heat up. It's got peppers and onions and melty, yummy cheese and sauce and all kinds of good stuff.The guys are really friendly, and they learned my name after a few visits. I never had to order...they just started cooking. It's a small, family-owned business, and they seem to be doing well...especially to be in such a hidden location off the beaten path. The sandwiches are spectacular, though, so I"m not surprised that they're doing well.
4	Don't let the location in a rundownish, older strip mall fool you.I live in the neighborhood and had seen this place a few times, before I decided to wander in.I always get the Italian - what can I say? I'm a creature of habit - and it is delicious.Seem to be a lot of regulars in here especially during the busy lunch hoursFriendly service, good prices, great Italian sub.What's not to like?
5	I love sub one hoagie house!  John and the guys are always pleasant, the food is always made fresh to order and the prices are very reasonable. I always order the jersey cheese steak with oil and vinegar, lettuce, tomato, mayo and steak sauce and it is awesome. I've been coming to sub one for over 10 years!  Love it!
5	Great place. You can't beat the price and the subs are way better than subway which is right down the street. $5 for sub, chips and drink at sub one.
5	I love the italian.  The chicken parm is also great, just the right balance of chicken, sauce and cheese.  Can't beat the price either.
5	This place had everything a sammich lover needed. A straightforward, simple menu, friendly people, and a little reading material for when you go stag. It looks like from the other reviews, that I am not the only one who gravitates towards the Italian wherever I go. Here was no exception and it was really good, convenient, and reasonable. I got just the sub and it was $4.15. I'm not going to say I don't like elaborate, descriptor-laden sandwiches, but sometimes you just need your classic build and that's exactly what you find at Sub One.
5	Wonderful food, great veggie options for my friend!
5	Best sandwich in town...New Jersey all the way
5	The food is soooo good! Fresh ingredients make the flavor pop all the more!! Really enjoy eating here and the price is what puts it over the top! Yummy meal, that's budget friendly.
3	Food is good, the people who work there are great, it's just really, REALLY slow. I like it, just really have to make the time to wait for it.
4	Awesome sandwich. Good roll, great toppings with a fantastic price. Salads are huge and fresh. Quick service too.  Don't pass up.
5	Wow! So glad I found this place. Walking to subway on graham st and luckily caught this place on my way. Sandwiches where very good, fresh ingredients, bread was good, and very good portions (8" if not 9" subs). My girlfriend and I got 2 sandwiches (Italian&Turkey) both where delicious, our bill was less than 10$ for 2 subs and a bag of chips. Overall the sandwiches are excellent, better than any chain franchise, and the best part all subs are less than 5$
2	Disgusting,  slow and pathetic.  Takes phone orders before the people standing in front of them.  Food is subpar.  Skip unless starving
5	An amazing sub for a unbelievable price... what more can you ask for?!I tried the New Jersey sub and it hit every spot. It took a little but it might be because of what I ordered with all those different ingredients to cook.I can't wait to go back to try other menu items and at large subs for less than $5 I'll be back for sure! There's no need to ever go to Subway down the street ever..!
5	I love this place! I make sure to stop by and order several subs whenever I'm in town. The subs taste amazing, the people are great, and the place is always clean. It's a family owned and operated business so the atmosphere is very personal but it still feels professional. My only tip is order ahead if you're in a rush because everything is made to order and perfection takes time.
4	Great food and better prices. The staff is always really nice. They charge extra to use a card and their service can be slow, but the good deal you're getting makes it worth it.
