1	This store bought all of the raunchy, moldy, out-of-date clothing from the Plato's closet on the other side of town that went out of business.  Hellooo? They went out of business for a reason! Their clothes are ugly, tacky, and overpriced.  I'd much rather shop at A&F during their clearance sales to get things first hand than buy these extremely old, ratty throwaways.  The shoes have dead skin encrusted in the soles and are flat-out painful to look at.  I suggest you buy first-hand or try another store.  The owner tries to pull scams and harasses you the second you walk in--frankly, his store is a no-go.  wamp wamp :/
2	I've been to a few other Plato's Closet locations in the past, and figured that this place would be comparable.  I was wrong...mostly because there are a lot of other consignment stores that give this place a run for their money.  Even though they had their grand opening for this location last week, I still think that this place was a disappointment.  Pros: location is easy to find (close to the mall)a wide variety of stuff to choose from for both men/women--clothing, accessories, and morethey do have name-brand stuff, but you definitely have to pick throughCons: parking can be a bit of a problem on the weekends, since it's shared and in a shopping plazathe stuff tends to be a tad bit overpriced, smells funky (granted, it's a consignment store), and is jammed together (somewhat haphazardly)the place doesn't have a lot of room to navigate and when there are plenty of people inside...it can be quite claustrophobicI'd be happy to return/update this review in the future, but for now, I'd rather go elsewhere.
5	Yay! It's finally open! Neat & organized, owner is extremely friendly, as well as the staff....lots of good stuff today!
4	This store definitely deserves a much higher rating than what it currently has. This place has such cute clothes! This place caters more toward females in their teens and twenties. The selection for guys is very small, but I did notice a lot of namebrands. The dresses and skirts were just.. "girl" haha so cute and feminine. The selection of shoes dissapointed me though. They didn't have anything too eye catching and the things that I did like were pretty worn and/or dirty. The jewelry was cute but overpriced. I saw a necklace there that I literally saw at the 99cent store a few months prior. They jacked that price up to $8...the same price as the dress I ended up buying.This place is great if you're a female in your teens or twenties looking for cute clothes at a cheap price.
2	I have been to Plato's Closet a handful of times now, and I have never purchased anything. After my last visit, I don't think I will be making many visits there in the future. Nothing awful happened, it's just become pretty apparent that shopping, or selling to Plato's Closet is a waste of my time and energy. My first few visits to Plato's were to shop. I never managed to find anything I wanted, that I could justify paying what Plato's wanted for it. Remember, it's all used! And if something is not new, it's going to be a bargain if I am going to buy it.Recently, I came in after doing a winter closet clean-out, and there was over an hour wait to sell clothes.  Rather then having people wait the entire time, Plato's Closet gives estimates as to how long it will take for their buyers to look over your items, so you can stay and shop if you want, or head over to the mall if you'd prefer. I personally found the store to be far too small to kill an entire hour in, so off to the mall I went...About 90 minutes later I stopped back in to see how I did... Plato's Closet was willing to purchase one pair of shorts from me for a whopping $4.25. The reason for not accepting other items were wear (understandable), not being in season (but you bought a pair of shorts from me, in December??) or not being up to current trends.... Which would be understandable if the items that were being sold were currently trendy items. But they aren't.
3	I came here to see if I could get a bit of cash before donating to Goodwilll and I am glad I did. They are pretty selective on what they buy from you but I was confused why some of my items were turned down as some were new. I saw much more wear and tear from some of the stuff they had on the racks. Some of the jeans even had holes. They are mainly looking to buy brand name stuff such as Hollister and Abercrombie, that they think the hip kids would want. I found a couple of cool things but reminded myself I was there to get rid of clothes, not take more home. I managed to get $13. I guess it's $3/shirt and $4/jeans.
3	It was nice to discover that Plato's Closet was back again, this time located in Henderson, across from the Galleria Mall, instead of on Fort Apache/Tropicana. I glanced at most of the ladies items (tops, pants, shorts, shoes, and accessories- wallets, bags (not high-end labels, but I did spot a Harajuku Lovers bag), jewelry, hats and scarves) but delved deeper into the dress section (ooh la la, my favorite), nicely arranged by size. I saw a few dresses that caught my eye, but decided that an O'Neill dress @ $16 was along the lines of Ross or Marshall's pricing and that stuff is new. I also saw a few cute kimono style dresses but they were polyester, and I won't wear that kind of material in summer, heck no (I know better). My husband saw a Quiksilver shirt @$7 except when he searched for flaws, there were stains all over the backside. The focus here is mostly on ladies apparel.  Anyway, the layout is better (than the original location) and the inventory seems jam-packed, but it's not to the point of too-tight hangers on the racks- one could easily look through the racks without getting frustrated. At times, you had to excuse yourself when going through the lanes because it wasn't big enough for two people to look through at the same time. But at the same time, I didn't feel closed in, either. The displays were like regular stores, at the tops of the racks, on mannequins, some displayed complete outfits or just wardrobe ideas. The decor was fun and bright. The customers ranged from teens, to mom, to forty-somethings except some of the teens were on the snooty side (yeah, you know the type, who think they are top of the chain). There were three people working the desk/checkout (buying, selling, sorting, etc.) but they didn't greet you when you went into the store. Then again, it was kinda busy on a saturday afternoon.I thought the store was just ok, I like Trend Traders (the first owners of Plato's Closet) and Buffalo Exchange (the original) better- the pricing is better.
1	WARNING!!!!!!!Total waste of time. They don't buy anything. Everything in there is junk clothes.  Used shirts are 12-20 dollars, pair of 4 year old used jordans that were dirty and scuffed for 30 dollars. Everything overpriced. Trust me go to ross store before this place. At least the clothes are new. Store smells like it looks inside.... OLD.   Staff was rude and clueless when trying to sell stuff there. My clothes were all name brand and looked better than what they had on the racks.   IF any body gave this place a good review then they are an employee there. Or were paid to. Waste of time and gas. Never again...
4	definitely a fan of this store. parking is no big deal. Though the store is crowded it is very well organized, jeans are hanging so size tags are easy to view and prices are fair. I don't know what some of these people are complaining about. I sold a few items, made a few bucks and found a few great items. Its a used clothing store people! Being that everything is used it is presented very nicely, staff is nice and prices are just fine in my opinion. Give them a visit!
1	Snooty staff and garage sale castoffs.  Also, I always tend to run into a gaggle of old ghouls trying to shove themselves into juniors clothing.  I am 26 and I think it's borderline inappropriate for ME to shop at Plato's closet, let alone someone who could be my grandparent.  If you collect Social Security or are a member of AARP, you need to get the eff out.
3	Going in as "seller" or a "shopper" drastically changes things. Sellers, don't expect too much. Shoppers, expect a mall-experience with thrift store prices.GOING IN TO SELL CLOTHING:You've spent time rummaging through your closet and drawers. You ask yourself "why did I buy this?" or feebly attempt to convince yourself something still fits. When you finally zip up those jeans in front of your mirror and see a muffin tip staring back at you... you put the jeans in the "sell" pile without hesitation.You pick out a few moderately new/gently used pieces you are willing to part ways with. You probably washed them if they needed it. At the very least, you should have Febreezed them. You finally get to Plato's where you are greeted with a "check in" counter, and thankfully no 'thrift store odor.' The staff is friendly and conversational, but I wouldn't say they are as fashionable or aware of fabric quality as those who work at Buffalo Exchange.There is no "store credit" offered, which I disliked. The seller gets about a third of the price Plato's will sell it for. Don't expect a lot of money. I was quite disappointed in the amount offered, but I was only comforted by the fact I was ready to donate the clothes without pay at all.GOING TO SHOP:The aisles are clean and well-spaced. The clothing, is separated by size then colors.  Those who want a mall-experience will be satisfied as the store is well-organized. Don't go in thinking you'll find vintage or big brands like Chanel or Fendi. Plato's Closet wants styles from the past year and half. I would highly suggest this to high school students and "mainstream" adult shoppers who just want clean, of-the-moment clothing at low prices.
3	I found a fair amount of stuff here recently. As I was shopping, I noticed a lot of oldish clothes that weren't really my style, but I did come out with several things that I really liked. However, they also sell Forever 21/Charlotte Russe/H&M and Target/Walmart brands at almost their new prices. I'm not going to pay $20 for a used Wet Seal dress when I could go to the store itself and buy one, get one for a penny across the street at the Galleria. They are very discriminating buyers, however. I like to think that my stuff is pretty well taken care of and on trend, but they didn't take a one thing out of my big bin that I left off. I found this confusing since I saw a really beat up Marquee staff shirt on the rack, among other older, worn items. Oh, well--I guess I will donate the clothes and get a tax write-off, eh?Definitely not Buffalo Exchange because there's zero vintage here, but you can find some good things (Splendid sweater that would probably have run retail for $80-90 was $8; Obey T-shirt that wound have been around $50 was $7). Like all thrift stores, hit or miss!
3	There used to be a Plato's Closet on Ft Apache and Tropicana a few years ago with a wide selection of items.  They closed up shop and then this location sprang up in Henderson with new owners.  As far as customer service goes, the owner is very nice and I've spoken with him on a few occasions while I was shopping/trading.  One thing I definitely like about this store is that whenever I come in to trade my gently used items, they usually take more than half of the them at a fair price.  While the clothing selection in the store varies from Forever 21 to 7 For All Mankind... the prices just seem to be a little to much for a used clothing store.  I have spotted several F21 tops that are priced at $8.99+.  I would be happier going to the Galleria next door and buying something new for a few more dollars.  I always keep an eye out for emails from them  promoting specials and sales because that is really the time to come into Plato's Closet and find great deals!
3	The staff is always friendly and helpful.  However, I find that their designer items tend to be on the pricier end.  Will stop by now and again  to see if I can find a good deal.
2	I was really excited to check out Plato's Closet since I used to love the one in Denver, CO!  The store is cute and organized well but I was quite disappointed in the selection of clothing.  It wasn't the trendy style I was hoping for.  The shoe selection was also kinda pathetic and looked like something I might find in my aunt's attic.   The staff was pleasant and greeted us when we entered but never asked us if we wanted a dressing room after we gathered several items and had been browsing for 20 minutes.   When we are the only people in the store I would of expected a slightly higher level of customer service.  The prices were also on the higher end for the quality of clothes in my opinion.  I can go to Patty's Closet or Ross and get something brand new with tags for the same price.  I really wanted to to like this place but I just can't give it more than 2 stars for now. . . .
2	Don't sell your clothes here. They totally low-ball you. They are just as bad as Buffalo Exchange.  They claim to only want to buy "slightly used" clothing yet, half the shit you see in their store is MAJORLY used items. They are at least cheaper than Buffalo but their service borders mediocre.
4	Don't try to sell anything here unless you have a lot of new clothes you really don't want to want for cents on the dollar. But I like this place because everytime I walk in here I can usually find something. This time I found a beautiful dress and a brand new pair of vans and all for $16.00 bucks. I can ususally always find a pair of jeans here. You have to look through the racks which can be packed. This is a good medium between a Kohls and a Goodwill. I will continue to shop here because I hate the mall and this place helps me get cute mall clothes without going into the mall. Plus the girls here always see more helpful than the mall girls.
4	The selection at Plato's is much more varied in style and brands than the normal thrift or second hand store. The price is much better than other places as well. The section for men is tucked in the very back of the store. The selection for shirts are minimal when it comes to small sizes. It is okay, I now know where I can go to get Levi's.
1	The teens who work here are quite rude. Wasn't expecting much for the few items I had but the service was terrible. I was the only customer in the store when I walked in and they stayed behind the counter the whole time.
1	I heard about this place on the radio so I decided to bring in my clothes to try it out.  I had about 20 items varying from H&M, forever 21, EXPRESS, A&F, etc, some still had the tags on it.  I also had a coach and D&B purse I was trying to maybe get some money back for.  They only choose a few items and I got $8.00 for it.  They wouldn't accept the purses without a receipt ... wtf?? Why would I bring a receipt ???  I'm not trying to return my purse and get the full amount.   What a waste of time.  If you want money, you're probably going to make more money in a garage sale lol, otherwise I will continue to do what I did in the past ... either just give it to friends and family or donate for a better cause !!!
4	I was very impressed by the selection here--lots of stylish, interesting pieces--jackets, tops, shoes, and especially jeans--row after row of jeans! Everything was very clean, the dressing rooms are nice, staff is friendly, and I even like the music selection.Loses one star for having no vintage and for the junky-ish purse & accessories.I will definitely be back.
1	I had a better experience at BUffalo and that wasnt exactually all that wonderful.
1	Poor customer service, messy store. They never buy anything I bring in... but when I take it to Trend Traders or Buffalo Exchange they buy it... Dont care much for this store.
3	The concept is quite simple. It's a teen to young adult store looking for gently used name brand/in style items. They pay you a fraction of what it's worth and turn around and sell it for cheaper than what the mall would charge. It's awesome when it's time to do some closet trimming or if you just need some extra cash. I've been here a few times to sell clothes that I've grown tired of. In average, I've gotten about $60 for 20 items. $3 an item on average...which is better than the piece of clothing just sitting in my closet not being worn. One thing I don't get are the girls who decide what's "stylish" and what isn't. I work in retail, so I think I have some sense of style. On my last visit, I had a pair of Paige jeans which run about $100 retail price. They didn't buy them back because it's not a popular brand. Um what?!? If anyone knows designer jeans, then they should know that brand. Ok whatever, but then I was shocked to see some pretty beat up items they were selling (knitted sweaters that were ratty, shoes that were clearly dirty, dress with a hole in the armpit). If you guys are going to deny items, but choose to sell other pieces of garbage, I think it's time for the staff to get retrained.Tip: things aren't that cheap. I'd just rather pay the few extra $ for brand new.
5	I bought my girlfriend a pair of jack wills leather wingtip brogues for $20. These things looked like they were only worn once, maybe twice. The leather outsoles were still smooth. Looked up the retail price when I got home: $298? For $20?  I'll take that any day.
1	Waste of time to sell clothes.. Brought what they wanted.. A&F, gap, F21, Armani exchange, juicy, JBrand, Zara, etc.. Out of 2 garbage bags full of barely used name brand clothes they bought ONE sweater for a dollar and wanted to buy my Kooba bag for $5, which i paid around $700 for. However the staff is very friendly and a good place to shop if you have the time.
3	Every time I have gone here, it seems apparent that they only buy very teen oriented brands like A&F, Hollister, Pink, Aeropostale, Forever 21, H&M, and etc. It seems that they don't really care that much of the condition, as long as it is name brand by a youth store. They don't really care about how fashionable it is, as long as it's from one of their approved stores. They don't pay you very much at all, but they sell for pretty high prices for them being a consignment store. On weekends wait times are insane, so I suggest going on a weekday. They're not a terrible consignment store, they just aren't great or my first choice.
4	Good prices!! A little trendy but great deals!
2	Poor prices to purchase your items.  I understand it's a business and they have to make a profit but I would go here as a last resort. I just started selling my clothes and they give the lowest price compared to other places. I wouldn't sell anything designer here.  They're looking for cheap but trend forward items that target a youthful forever 21 age group. It is organized but the set up is strange. You leave your items and they tell you what time it will be done.  When you return they tell you the total price and which items they plan to purchase.  They seems to give about $1-2 dollars for tops and $4-6 for jeans. They are also very picky about what they want.I was not offended by what they decided to buy or not to buy. Nor did the price bother me bc I planned to donate everything regardless but I did notice that I made more at other places. I would recommend coming here after trying sell your clothes at buffalo exchange first.
1	Was just in and the place is a dump. Not really sure how the pick with thy buy. But I brought in 5 pair of lucky brand jeans all in perfect condition. Worn only a Handful of times.  They declined. With the crap they sell in there they clearly have no rhyme or reason to the garbage they have. I would never go back in there.
4	I've been to a lot of Plato's Closets over the years. My best experience by far was the one in Reno, but this little place does just fine. I enjoy the selection of clothes, and they keep pretty trendy items.For those of you not familiar with Plato's Closet, they buy gently used and fashionable clothing and sell it for crazy low prices. I think 75% of my wardrobe and purses are from there at this point. But they're always picky when they buy so don't be disappointed if they hand you back most of the stuff you brought in, that's normal.This Plato's Closet (compared to the new one at Centennial Center) has better stuff, period. Centennial has this odd habit of passing over stuff like Hollister and Juicy Couture in favor of Old Navy stuff. So I rarely walk out of that store with more than an item or two, but THIS Plato's Closet keeps me fairly busy.Downsides? It's quite a drive for me, at least. The store is a bit small and like I mentioned before, I can't rate it 5 stars because the one I went to in Reno was just fantastic. But this one works for me and beats Centennial. And I love it being next to the used DVD/CD/Game store; between the two I just load up on great deals for cheap.
5	This is the perfect one stop shop! I don't shop anywhere else. Amazing service and such cute clothes!! I won't ever go to the mall again! I love this store :)
4	I've sold a few items here before which I otherwise would have given to friends/family/donated since I've dropped a lot of weight in the past year.  They don't seem to offer what you think they might, but if you're looking to get a little something then it's worth a shot.   They have cute tops and pants that are priced cheap.  Some items have the original tags still attached and the clothes are categorized by color which helps for browsing purposes.  I always find cute items-- I wish this store was closer to me, but I definitely stop by when on that side of town.
1	This was a waste of time. Everything is heavily worn. I'd have the same luck going to Salvation Army. If you want cute clothes for same prices, hit up Marshall's or TJ Maxx. If you're looking to sell here, again, don't waste your time. They rarely buy anything. I was told my items (some still with tags on & never worn) were too name brand. I will never return here again. I recommend you don't either.
1	This is a great place for shopping if you want trendy, cheap clothes (that will be out of style in a few seasons). But for selling, DO NOT GO HERE. I brought over the majority of my closet, which includes Anthropologie, Charlotte Russe, Hollister, etc. And all I was offered was $6 for three shirts and a pair of flats. One of the shirts was Anthro, so I kept that and the shoes, and "sold" the other two items for $3. Ironically, I had tie-dyed one of them (and they accepted that but not all of my other stuff). The reason behind most of my items being declined was because they were too "old," even though the high-end items had been purchased within a year, and the rest were basics that would fit any season. In addition, the sales associates threw my clothes on the dirty floor as if they were trash, and then placed my used (read: dirty) shoes on top of them. I was paid $3 to drive half an hour and back, and watch my great quality stuff be treated like garbage. I understand doing business, but that was plain disrespectful and unnecessary. The ladies who helped me were very nice, but that paled in comparison to the rest of my trip.
4	This is an awesome place to buy jeans!! I always make my first stop here when I need to buy a few pairs. When I went here a few weeks ago I probably tried on 30+ pairs and the girls helping me were so friendly and helpful!! They did not seem to mind that They had to put back all the pairs of pants I pulled off the rack!! I have never sold any items at THIS plato's closet location but have sold items at another location so in my experience I must agree with people who have had "rejected items" experience. I think I may just be to old to sell my clothing here, even if it is brand name items. The style is for a younger crowd - but I will always go here for great price and style on jeans!!
4	We really enjoy Plato's. They have a good amount of clothing. They have a lot of good quality, gently used clothes at really affordable prices. They even carry designer denims for both male & female. I like to get my button down long/short sleeve shirts from here because I can always find ones that look brand new and they cost a fraction of the price. Also great for denims.Something great about Plato's is that they buy your gently used clothing. You can get cash, which is cool, but will receive more going the store credit route. We always bring a few items and drop them off for review while we browse then when we're done, if we've found anything, we use the store credit towards it and BAM! New gear and nothing out of pocket :)
4	This place is so Fab. I loved it! Cheap thrift store prices but fashionable clothes. For selling your clothes, make sure it's in season or they won't accept it. This store has such great accessories for so cheap! It is definitely a place to check out!
3	If you go in with low expectations as a seller, this will be a decent experience. I arrived with a bag of about 15 items and they told me it would be an hour, so I could wait or come back. I chose to come back, and they were ready when they told me they would be. Out of all the items, they took a pair a jeans, a purse and a tank top, which got me $12. Like I said, I came in with low expectations, knowing I wouldn't get much, so this was no surprise to me.So if you just want to make enough money to cover lunch, then this place is worth a stop, but if you're expecting to fill your wallet then don't bother.
