2	For primary teachers, this store has plenty of fun stuff that any teacher would love to buy (if they had endless amounts of money!)But as a middle school teacher, this place is lacking.  I teach math, and the only poster I found was a perimeter & area poster.  The lady at the store told me that was all they had.I tried to also find some new character education posters, but the only ones they had were geared towards 5 year olds with pictures of cartoon teddy bears.I was also surprised that they didn't have any of the "motivational" type posters.And why is this place so overpriced?If I needed to buy post-it notes or markers, I would walk the 200 yards down to Wal-mart and buy them for probably half the price that Lakeshore sells them for.
3	I would have to totally agree with Chrysty C....if you are looking for elementary supplies, this is a great place to shop. But if you teach middle school on up, this store really has absolutely nothing for you beyond things like bulletin board borders. I am totally bummed that I have yet to find a teacher supply store that has a good upper grade collection.
5	I loved this store.  I am not sure what the other reviewers were expecting, but I am glad to take the store for what it is and not what it is not.  It has an amazing variety of educational toys.  Having a child that required some OT and Speech therapy, I wish I had known about this place before.  THere are so many items I could have gotten.  I love that they have a free craft for kids 3+ every Saturday.  Of course, they know you are not going to come out empty handed.  I ended up spending about $60.00.  I used my $5 check in coupon.  Thank you, Yelp.  They were so nice.  They told me I could organize a craft day with my twin group.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Great place to find cool educational toys etc for kids. We work with a kindergarten class and for every project or activity we do with them we get the ideas from here. They absolutely love it.
5	I traveled out of my way here today to check out their "fine motor" section and was happy I did! This store has a wide variety, great sales, and superb customer service. I will definitely be back as I wanted to continue browsing even after I left.  A must if you work with children in an educational setting or if you want to add educational toys to your daily routine.
5	I love this place! I am a new teacher this year and I could spend all day in here, as I have done a few times. They have countless resources for teachers and students. I initially came here for borders, decorations and other supplies but went back to buy resources that would help me align instruction to the state standards. There is such a wide variety to choose from and if you need any help the workers are extremely helpful and kind. They really go above and beyond normal expectations. Prices are not bad at all. The merchandise will add up, no doubt but overall you are getting a good deal in my opinion. If you sign up for their text alert, they send you a weekly coupon code on Thursdays that you can use at the store (maybe online too but not sure).
4	I love learning stores for educational toys/games/art supplies for the kids and this one does not disappoint. They have a large selection and the staff is friendly. Some items may be considered overpriced, like another yelper suggested they could just go to Wal-Mart for their pens, but that's expected. I, myself, am not a teacher but was shopping with a girlfriend who is. She shared the same sentiments about there not being much for a teacher who teaches outside of Elementary. Nonetheless, it's worth checking out. I also believe they offer a teacher's discount.
