5	The Grand Opening was today 08/07/10 and they were giving out free yogurt from 11-2; for the rest of this weekend it will be 50% off. I loved it; self serve with fresh fruit toppings and loads of candy toppings how can you go wrong. The cups and spoons are biodegradable amd I love their slogan "Choose your flavor, Change the World". With about 8 rotating flavors many of them being nonfat and some that are sugar-free this is my new healthy indulgence for only .40 cents per ounce. If you like Fro-Yo like I like Fro-Yo then Yumberi is the place to go.
5	I'm crazy about this place!!! Their frozen yogurt is delicious, and it is serve yourself so you can mix and match whatever flavors you like! They also have almost 50 different toppings to choose from, including fresh fruit, candy, nuts and chocolate or caramel sauce. The price is right too, especially this weekend! 50% off for the rest of the weekend. I will definitely be back
2	Hey Wesley I just seen you post from last year when you agreed with me about this not being FROYO....and I wanted to thank you for backing me up. I have to tell you all I am updating this location again.....and sorry to say I  am dropping it from 3 stars to 2 stars because even after almost a year in business here they are still not selling FROYO....it is so sad. Today I decided to give them another chance and again I was extremely disappointed. I tried a sample of the Peach Orchard....hmmmm....let me see TASTED LIKE ICE CREAM....not FROYO. Then I had the Pink Lemonade Sorbet.....again it was not FROYO either. Now I know it is not really supposed to taste like FROYO....but even for a Sorbet.....it TASTED LIKE ICE CREAM......arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....unbelievable.Like Wesley I consider myself a FROYO connoisseur....and after being to places like Mojo....orange leaf.....Red mango.....golden spoon....yogurtology......Berry Chill in Chicago.....and many others....I can say with certainty they are not selling FROYO at this location. I also agree with Wesley pertaining to the Customer Service.....a year ago it was great....now it is just plain bland.....I mean wow. Also for the young lady named Alissa G. who thinks this is the best frozen yogurt she has ever had.....I FEEL REAL SORRY FOR YOU.....because your not having frozen yogurt at this location it is ICE CREAM at best. I know your entitled to your opinion and I totally respect that but Yumberi being better the Golden Spoon....HAHAHAHA.....I think not. Needless to say I won't be returning....and for anyone that wants REAL FROYO.....I recommend you don't return either. However continue to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
2	This place is literally within walking distance of my house, so its more alluring than driving up to CityNorth for Mojo, or along Scottsdale Road to Yogurtbuilderz. And, sadly, the convenience isn't really outweighing the taste. I totally agree with Andre. This is NOT froyo. This is borderline ice cream. I would know, I'm the froyo connoisseur. If there were a FourSquare badge for frequenting establishments of frozen yogurt, I would have it. But the stuff they have here is overly frozen. It isn't soft like at other places. I had the Birthday Cake mix the last time I was in, and it tasted weird as hell. Lost my appetite. The Raspberry Tart blows. I'm not feeling it. Additionally, (and I'm sure some employees have read these reviews, but whatever), the employees here aren't welcoming in the least. I can walk in here, get a glance from the cashier, and not even a "hello!". Lame. I had to even ask for a sample. Double lame. Get it together, Yumberi, your unpleasant customer service and ice cream-esque "yogurt" makes me want to spend my money on the gas that'll get me my hookup at Yogurtbuilderz.
4	Another in the trend of DIY froyo places. This one has two locations, but is like all the other similar places. Fill your cup from about a dozen choices, top it from a bar with a huge selection, pay by the oz.I ate there the week that they opened and it was overstaffed. They were all over;, cleaning and dispensing samples. Seems like they have half the staff, now. We've had to ask for sample cups the last few visits. I need them to have regular, non-sugar free vanilla all the time. They don't.
3	I actually give this 3.5 stars, I can't say that I'm officially a fan, but it's certainly better than just A-OK.  The place is always clean, the staff has always been friendly, (sometimes more than others, but it's difficult to get consistent help and even more difficult to keep them to the script) and they always have interesting flavours.  My problem is they don't always have the flavours I want, which is, as I said, MY problem.  I don't mind trying new flavours but when I have a craving for the yummy Tart Raspberry, or the Creamy Mountain berry (I think that's what it's called) and/or the regular (full of sugar) Chocolate I want what I want and nothing else will work.  The staff must think I'm crazy by now because I've walked in at least a half a dozen times, looked at the flavours and then walked back out again, disappointed and still craving the sweet tart Raspberry along with the rich Chocolate...ahhh wonder if they have it tonight!?Have you guys thought about a website or Facebook page (I see the location on 59th Ave is on FB) where you can list your daily flavours.  I'd be there every day you served the ones I like!!
4	Great location tucked away behind Islands.  Non fat selection is excellent and Tuesday night is kids night for .99.  It can get expensive so limit yourself as the cost is by the oz.  Me and my two boys easily racked up $13 in yogurt!Lots of samples and about 12 flavors.  They change frequently to keep you coming back.
4	Their sorbets are great! I have found better Froyo.
3	There seems to be a yogurt place popping up everywhere.  They all seem to be a copy of Pinkberry from California.  When this place first opened last year i found myself there almost everyday. The average price I spend there is about $5.50 on my yogurt.  It does get a little pricy when you start adding in fruit and mochi because it's all sold by weight.  I'm into the tart yogut.  My favorite is the watermelon.  The service isn't very good here though.  It's usually ok most times but a few of the staff members aren't very helpful and you can just tell they don't want to be there.
2	Well, I am changing my review. Just went back this past weekend and asked for a small cup and he said only on Tuesday's. That stinks. Probably won't go back. Great place. I have been to a few of these places and I like this one because it has a low per ounce price and a lot of non fat and low fat choices. Other places don't have that. I also like that they actually have a kids cup so you can get a smaller serving. You do have to ask for it.
3	Fantastic, light, flavorful, the fruit toppings were fresh, the mango syrup (and a variety of other syrups were a nice touch), and the price was reasonable.  The blue berries were a bit frozen which was the only boo.  Other than that it's worth a taste if you're around it.
1	Forget the yogurt and the berry berry bad service. The OCD worker with shadow you and serve you a sample with a glaring stare. You'll never feel so ackward adding your toppings since she'll trail behind you and fix the spoons. Yogurt sucks as much as the service, so I don't recommend.
2	I have observed little to no reviews. Could be folks have given up. I agree with the little sample cups, it shows to me the employees are not real happy about coming from behind the counter. Just last month we lost our rewards program to a electronic book that you need to enter your phone number for as many yogurts you have purchased. They count on you not spending the time to do that. They need an IT guy to fix that. Product is great, service is not.
4	Ive been round here 3 or 4 times in the past year. I generally live and work around downtown so I wouldn't really consider myself a regular - somehow I have been elevated to the rank of Duke of Yumberi after just 3 check-ins. Challenge: You yelpers really need to step up your game!Ive decided that mint frozen yogurt just is not good... and it's not just here, it always seems to have an odd after taste. Otherwise, every other flavor I've tried seems to be a solid choice. You've got to get the person behind the counter to help you with your samples, which is a bummer, cause I don't really like feeling like I'm not free to sample every flavor to find if I want to have them all or just one or two. You just really don't know if that banana will taste like banana or (insert your explitive here); not that i've seen a banana flavor here.The place seems fairyly well kept up; doesn't seem to be dirty or slimy anywhere, which is a huge plus for any fro-yo place. You can sometimes grab a groupon now coupon ($5 for $8) and discount your order. Come during happy hour (5-6pm mon-fri)and get a buy one get one free order; which helps if you're bringing your favortie gal along. All in all, it's a sound decision for anyone craving froyo in the pardise valley mall area.
1	What is this icey tasteless stuff? It's not frozen yogurt - that's for sure. I can't believe they are still in business. I went in there with a young friend and we had some samples. We left because everything tasted like mildly flavored ice! Even a child did not want to eat it!
4	Even in the middle of so called "Autumn", Phoenix tends to get a tad warm in the middle of the afternoon. So, during my latest afternoon motorcycle jaunt, the temperature got to me, and, being a mere mortal, I knew it was time for some refreshment.Now, being that I was on my bike, I couldn't really consult the almighty Yelp. So, I just rode around for a little while. As I was approaching the Desert Ridge Mall, I took a fortunate right hand turn that landed me at Yumberi Yogurt.As far as CONCEPT goes, this place is just like the other FoYo places all over the Valley. It's a self-serve facility (which makes me chuckle when people complain about the service at these types of places...but I digress), where you pick your flavor, pick your toppings, weight it, and then enjoy. There are at least 16 different flavors at any given time. Each flavor is written in chalk on its own little chalkboard http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yumberi-yogurt-phoenix#0Z5XmSp_h54BpSLGYkcmhA. Personally, I think it adds a nice little personal touch to the place. Plus, it's functional, in that it affords the shop the opportunity to change out the flavors whenever they want.  Today, I opted for the Sugar free Cheesecake...not a lot, just enough to tide me over for a while. When I was trying to figure out what toppings I should get. Everything looked great. The cookie dough, the sprinkles, the different fruity cereals, you get the idea. But, what REALLY stood out for me (and I'm glad they did) were the blueberries and the kiwis http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yumberi-yogurt-phoenix#RK9FNR23tdtWCEMeOJUvfw. I know that might not sound like a delicious pairing, but it worked out VERY well for me. Both fruits just exploded with each bite...especially the blueberries! They just "popped" every time I bit into one. Living in Phoenix, you expect places to have decent outdoor seating...well, at LEAST during this time of year. The weather is just perfect. Well, Yumberi certainly doesn't disappoint. Their patio is a nice long area down the side of their building, completely covered with small awnings http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yumberi-yogurt-phoenix#IbAFaLEobY3ZTMegQBCSHA. That, and the seats are SUPER comfortable. They're over-sized chairs that just swallow you up when you sit in them. It definitely made for a nice respite from the late afternoon sun.As with most places of its kind, Yumberi does offer a frequent shopper card. So, if you happen to buy 10, the 11th one is free. Also, they run their own in-house specials, like Family Night (Tuesdays) and Happy Hour (Wednesdays) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yumberi-yogurt-phoenix#tjJmA-zyJ_FBoQP0ShS8-Q.I know everybody's palate is different. So, feel free to take my rating with a grain of salt.  I know I enjoyed it, and I hope you will, too!
3	This place is ok, it does not look as clean as others I have been to.  The only reason why I stopped, was because they told me they had Pistachio.  Yes, I am obsessed with that flavor.  I did tell the cashier about the dispensers needing to be cleaned.  Someone had let yogurt fall to the tray area.  It was probably not too long before me, because it was not completely melted and yesterday was a little warm.  I liked their patio area, it has some nice comfortable couches.
3	Great selection of frozen yogurt.  I was a bit disappointed that the cashier didn't mention to us that it was family time and that my daughter would be able to get a yogurt for just 99 cents.  I paid full price for both.
2	I was disappointed that the flavor selection was the same as last week
1	I was disappointed that the flavor selection was the same as last week
4	Hello, I do see a lot of older reviews. This place seemed to be under new management when we started going there about 6 months ago.Our experience is:-- Nice place and friendly staff-- You can sample all you want, the sample containers are by the counter.-- You can ask for a smaller cup (I assume any day, I always do)-- I don't frequent many frozen yogurt places, but this one chargers 5 cents more per oz than the other 3 I have been to, it does not seem like much but it adds up-- I do not know of any coupons or discounts other than the frequent customer card.We were going there a lot for a few months, but we are trying to cut down, even though it is supposedly yogurt... it is probably loaded with sugar : (Anyway, it is still good for the occasional treat. We go here because it is nice and convenient.
5	Great place, very clean and friendly staff. Not sure why some reviewers expect pure magical yogurt for 5 bucks....lol.  Go here a lot and will continue. The new owner is very friendly and customer service oriented! Great flavors and good choice of toppings!
4	Wow. So I had come here a while ago - like 2 years ago. This place has changed! The yogurt was creamy and incredibly tasty. I normally don't like the taste of sugar free yogurt, but I got the SF mint and couldn't hardly tell it was sugar free. I am glad I gave it another try - will definitely be back!
5	This is defiantly one of the best frozen yogurt places my family  and I have been! They have the best chocolate I've tasted rich and flavorful. Awesome staff and discount card available! We've made this shop our favorite yogurt stop.
5	The best in town! I have been to soo many fro yo places and none can compare. Every flavor is delicious!  Staff is friendly, not like that mojo in the  biltmore who had the WORSE customer service in the world. I love the froyo, the atmosphere,  and vibes. I will most definitely come back and refer everyone I know!
4	Yummy, cool on A hot day, lovely friendly service from server. I had chocolate, salted caramel and vanilla with hot fudge. Our new after school treat.
5	Yogurt flavors are really tasty-peppermint, oatmeal cookie and nonfat chocolate all tasted incredible with the consistency of yogurt thick and flavorful. This really beats Yogurtini and or one of the chains with silky smooth yogurt with no taste! We will be back again!
5	This place is awesome! Just like Coldstone only it's healthier. They have cookie crisp cereal as a topping! Lots of yogurt flavors and toppings to choose from. I had the cinamon roll yogurt with reeses peanut butter cups, cookie crisp and nutella on top.
4	I love this place they have about 10 different healthy flavors to choose from I had the sweet coconut yogurt with pecan walnuts and chocolate chips the price is reasonable I like how they have healthy toppings.  I not buying ice cream anymore this is the official place.
3	Great yogurt but nasty restroom with horrible rotten egg smell atl east put a air freshener.It is a nice place to bring the kids and family.
