4	The Rooster has crowed to awaken us!!!!!!!!!!!Wow, is this place good!It is a upscale breakfast and lunch restaurant but the prices are not!  Most items unter $10. Lots of fresh homemade ingredients.  The staff is so nice.  Chef Len keeps his eye on the service and greeted us and many of the others.  Chef Len was at the Terrace Grill in Mt Lebo and now has this place.There were many daily specials but choose the Fish Tacos which is fresh fish grilled with Asian cilantro vinagrette and chili lime cream served with a coleslaw and crispy fries.  The Tacos were so delicious and the asian cilantro vinagrette was just perfect!.  Chef Len stopped by to make sure I dipped the tacos in the sauce or poured some on the tacos.  He stopped by to ask what I thought.  It was the best fish taco I have ever tasted.My cohort in crime/lunch had the salmon saiad.  Wow!  What a nice piece of salmon with fresh asparagus.  So fresh and tasty; I managed to get a bite.   Tried a homemade cookie for desert, the Ultimate Cookie, it is so gooooooood, has pecans, apricot, chocolate and more!  Need to go back for breakfast....Heard from a foodie friend that it is Oh So Good!The decor is very nice, has a small upscale counter that seats about 6 and many tables.  Has pictures of Roosters--the name means Father Rooster, I think, if my spanish translation is correct.  There is other artwork on the walls.Oh yea, this place is Collier Town Sq so it easy to miss, next to Bottleshop and behind Damons.Chef Len should be crowing...boasting...exulting about this place.This place is so nice!
4	Wow again!  This place is really good!  Oh so Gooooooood!  PG is not your typical breakfast/lunch diner/restaurant.  It is new and clean and bright.  Have "eggs all day", must be a rooster type of thing.  Chef does a great job and uses fresh ingredients.  W had pancakes with 3 types fresh berries...stole a few bites...some really goooood cakes.  Everyone received a few pieces of fresh fruit on the plate.   Ordered a special of Chorizo, peppers, onions and eggs with tortilla and home fries.  It was so delicious, tasty, wonderful.  Home fries were some of the best in the burg.PG was busy and the meal took a little while since only the Chef and one other in the kitchen, but it was a nice paced meal.  Waitress was funny and we were all called honey.Oh yeah, get the Ultimate Cookie.
2	I was tempted to try PapaGallo by Munch's review in the Post Gazette (http://www.post-gazette.com/stories/sectionfront/life/munch-goes-to-papagallo-cucina-308978/) and decided to finally give it a try when a CBS local deal was available ($20 gift certificate for $10). To say I was disappointed could be an understatement.  It didn't seem overly busy when I arrived at 8am so I'm not sure why there was such a problem with, well, everything.  My friend and I ordered the same thing: the Triple Berry Pancakes with sides of bacon and home fries.  Seems simple enough.  Or so we thought until we waited nearly an hour for our food.  And then when we finally did get our food, we each only got one pancake while the chef made more (we should have each received 2 with or order).  The bacon strips were all cooked together in one clump.  The potatoes were okay.  The pancakes, when we did finally get them, were really good.  Which is the only reason I gave two stars.The service was atrocious.  There wasn't even a waitress when I first arrived.  I had only ordered a water to drink and my friend ordered a water and a coffee.  It seemed at times like the waitress was purposely avoiding our table as my friend had to practically get her own refills.  I don't know why our food order took so long, but no apology was ever made during our wait.  On our way out, after the longest breakfast ever and after we had paid our bill, both the chef and the waitress apologized.  But it felt like too little too late.  I would like to go back to try other items on the menu but I'm not sure I will based on this first experience.
5	This has got to be one of Bridgeville's GREATEST lil secrets !I stopped in here for breakfast this morning ,And was pleasantly surprised. The Staff was very attentive and friendly. the food is out of this world ! Great little Italian Atmosphere. All Homemade dishes. Sheeesh , I'm talkin like I work here . LOLThe price's are a little on the high side ., but for what your getting , this is a great deal. Quality will always outweigh cheap in my book. Easy free parking , They even gave us FREE little cinnamon rolls fresh out of the oven !5 Stars Here .I'll be back soon !
4	Service was fantastic... Asian chicken salad was above average
4	I've been to Papa Gallo a handful of times since they opened a few years ago the latest being on a recent Saturday afternoon with a friend. PG is only open for breakfast and lunch so I tend to stop by when I'm craving a hearty breakfast. The restaurant is small with only a few tables and booths.  In addition to the regular menu, they have daily specials written on a chalk board. The atmosphere is homey and reminescent of a simpler time when people would sit for hours reading a newspaper and drinking coffee over breakfast withot the distraction of cell phones, t.v.s and ipads. The owner/chef is friendly and frequently comes out to say hello and hold the door for you. The food has always been on the mark. My latest love, the triple berry pancakes. Light, fluffy and full of melt in your mouth warm berries. As always, the dishes are accompanied by a small fruit salad garnish. All in all, a great break from the crowded, fast paced breakfast joints like the Original Pancake House or Pamelas. Go to PG to sit back and enjoy your meal and your company.
4	An enjoyable breakfast and lunch experience.  Len, the owner and chef, always makes you feel welcome and does his best to cater to all of your needs.  Establishments of this type deserve the support of the dining public.
1	NOT VEGAN OR VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY.Walk in and the smell of bacon greets you.  Really nothing on the menu is suitable for vegetarians.  I ordered the home fries, which were described on the menu as grilled potatoes, and lo and behold they turned out to be potatoes covered in pieces of bacon.   I told the staff I was a vegetarian, the cook politely offered to make me a new batch of potatoes, but everything is cooked on the same grill.   Ergo, the next batch of potatoes were infused with bacon grease and residual bacon bits.   They didn't offer an apology, or like any decent restaurant, comp the bacony potatoes, or apply a discount or coupon for future visit.  Nothing.  We were charged the full bill as if our meal was satisfactory.  Our return business was not important to them.I also ordered a cinnamon roll and what I received was a cinnamon muffin.   There is a difference.  A cinnamon roll is a soft chewy rolled up magically delicious thing covered in lovely gooey icing that leaves your fingers sticky.  A cinnamon muffin is a dry, crispy, cinnamon flavored MUFFIN.   I thought perhaps they made a mistake so I mentioned that it was a cinnamon roll I had ordered and they said "yes, we make it a cinnamon muffin".  So why not put "cinnamon muffin" on the menu so I know what I'm getting into?   False advertising.   This was the worst breakfast I have ever had in my life.  Prior to this, the worst breakfast I'd ever had was in a dingy hostel in the worst part of Rome, in which the breakfast was fake juice and a crust of bread.   Well done, PapaGallo.Also the obsession with rooster decor was a little creepy.
2	I recently had lunch at Papa Gallo with my husband and daughter. I had heard some good things and some not so good things, but decided to try it for ourselves. I must say we were very disappointed with our experience. First when we walked in the door we were greeted very coldly by the receptionist who also happened to be our waitress. Her social skills were sorely lacking and quite frankly shouldn't really work with the public directly because her personality left a lot to desired. So obviously our first impression wasn't a very good one. We each ordered a soup/ sandwich combo which was alright, nothing special and the soup was lukewarm at best. Sad to say we won't be going back to Papa Gallo and certainly wouldn't recommend it.
5	Simply put, it's perfect. Affordable, fresh, friendly. The staff treats you like family and every dish we ordered was crafted with care. Len holds the helm in an open kitchen where he puts his heart and soul into truly delicious menu items as well as a rotating selection of blackboard specials. I would recommend this neighborhood treasure to anyone I've ever met ever. A truly special place that would only disappoint the disappointing. There is nothing wrong with this place, period. Well done!
2	This is my third time to this fresh little cafe and each time I go, I feel a disappointment. The menu is small, yet interesting and intriguing. I decided to try "munch's" recommendation ...the "spicy" omelet made with "Italian sausage" per the waitress and menu....and pepper jack cheese. To my dismay, sliced little breakfast sausage and mild cheese in a small omelet. The waitress was cute/sweet yet needs some coaching. She didn't offer anything else for her (or the chefs) mistake. High prices, small portions, very average food. For a good, hearty breakfast, go down the road a mile to Gab n Eat!!
