5	I have a new favorite place to eat in Surprise and this is it. I found this place today and gave it a try (apparently only been open for 3 weeks). I love delis, and this one is awesome. It is a New York style deli with lot of seating and my pastrami sandwich was one of the best ever. Loved it. I will be back to this place many, many times. Nice atmosphere and the service was good too - but best of all the food was great. Well worth a try for anyone.
5	I just found this place over the weekend and stopped in for lunch. This place is a New York style deli with all of the favorites; Pastrami, Corned Beef, Stuffed Cabbage Rolls, bagels, NY style cheese cake, egg creams, and the list goes on and on. This place is large for a deli, clean, great service, priced right, and generous portions. Try the bagel chips.
5	Finally... a great place to eat in Surprise!  This is a family owned deli and it shows in all that they do.  If you are looking for a "jewish" style deli, this IS it.  We also were sold on a HUGE piece of chocolate cake that will probably take us a couple of days to finish.  The vibe is great, the owner Rick was friendly and we are excited to have a neighborhood deli, check it out!Someone mentioned something about the menu and the prices however, for what you get it is more than worth it.
5	Reuben of the gods.  There, I said it.  Plain and simple, this place has sandwiches that fill and delight.  I first tried Archies a number of months ago, and have never had a bad sandwich from them.  When you first sit down they bring you a dish of pickle varieties which are yummy.  The sandwiches are on the pricey side as another reviewer noted, however I disagree with the reviewer that this is a reason to take away from their rating.  The prices are consistent with NY deli style where you get a ton of meat, and brother do they make a sandwich.  A half is plenty to fill even a big guy.If you live in Surprise or SCW, this is a treasure!  Enjoy!
5	Best NYC/Jewish-style food I have had in AZ.
5	We love Archie's Deli! The portions are ENORMOUS and the food tastes great! The service is excellent and it is clean clean clean!We had a party of 27 at Archie's recently for a birthday dinner and we were well accomodated and everyone raved about the food. From the Archie's Ruben to the Patty Melt, to the house made chicken noodle soup--you will not be disappointed with Archies!
3	The best sandwich in the world? No, but a welcomed change of pace in Surprise.As the other reviewer's have mentioned the sandwiches are huge and expensive all at the same time. The corn beef was lean though, which is a HUGE positive in my book. The menu is a little overwhelming with all of the choices for sandwiches, but lacks in the side dish category for me. The side salad was limp and not being a fan of cole slaw I didn't really have another option. The husband and I split a huge red velvet cupcake for dessert and while the cake itself was a tad dry the frosting was amazing.
5	I have enjoyed Archie's Deli before but never wrote a review. I told my friends about it and they were dying to try a new (kosher-style) deli on the west side. We agreed that the "old place," (Why give them a plug HERE?) that has a location near Paradise Valley mall and another in Scottsdale, had been a big disappointment to us recently (rhymes with Rhompies) due to poor and slow table service, crowded facilities, and high prices. "The Guys" were thrilled with Archie's and so am I (still). Sure, it's not inexpensive to eat there but OMG the sandwiches are delicious, huge (I took the other half of my sandwich home), and not a bad deal at all. Our server was very polite (albeit the fact that I had to work hard to catch her eye for more pickles and crunchy green tomatoes). Our order was taken quickly, we were asked several times how we were enjoying our "nosh," and we didn't have to wait for the check to arrive shortly after being given an opportunity to decide if we wanted dessert.There are lots of goodies in the bakery and deli cases if you want to take something home for later (e.g., potato and vegetable knishes, chopped liver, red velvet cupcakes, cheesecake, and carrot cake).  Want to eat cheap? Go to Burger King and order off the dollar menu. Want some noshy nom-noms? Go to Archie's!
3	I can't believe how hard it is to find a great Jewish Deli in the metropolitan Phoenix area....the selection is few and what we do have is mediocre at best. So I am sad to say that if I want an almost great Jewish Deli I have to drive all the way to Surprise... Archie's Deli offers probably the best yet in Delicatessen cuisine. They offer the right kind of sandwiches and even has blitzes, kugle, potato latkes, and knishes that aren't half bad. I was impressed with their Bagel selection (and more than happy that they weren't like Einstein bagels...pure bread) I even liked their pickle tray... But I have to say that there were a few negatives...First of all (and I am really not cheap, I swear) their prices are outrageous....I asked how much a fruit tray was for about 8-10 people and they quoted me $35. I couldn't believe that my brisket sandwich was $11...and it didn't even come with fries! I was offered cole slaw or potato salad...and since I don't like potato salad, I had to get cole slaw, even though my sandwich already had cole slaw on it. And in regards to the sandwich it was good and all...but since when did Challah become the shape of a hoagie bun? And to top it all off, our server didn't know the first thing about the menu or deli in general. And I did find it funny that my grandma had to get the manager over to let them know that they potato latkes needed more onion salt in them. I think with a few tweeks, Archies can be awesome. But they do cater to their clientele just fine and it seems like they are always busy. I will be back I am sure with my grandparents :-)
5	Yum as always! Had the Motor City Madness which is the most delicious grilled cheese sandwich ever. I ordered a cup of tomato soup to go with it. In my opinion, it should be automatically part of the meal, but I digress. :) The soup was yum, the sandwich was buttery, cheesy, and toasty goodness. And of course I had a side of potato salad which is better than any other potato salad I've had in any other restaurant.
2	My wife and I live in Goodyear, and we decided to drive up and check out Archie's on the recommendation of a friend.  We have lived in the Valley for about 3 years, and I have become a fan of The Downtown Deli in downtown Phoenix, which was actually the first corned beef and pastrami I had ever had.To me, this place was ok, but in comparison to Downtown Deli, it was quite lacking in value and taste.  I got a Double Jeopardy on an onion roll, which is corned beef, pastrami, hot and regular mustard, as well as swiss and muenster cheese.Upon taking the first bite, I knew something was missing.  The taste just didn't seem to be there.  I couldn't taste much mustard at all (there was very little on the sandwich), and the meet was not as I have become a fan of.  I am used to good corned beef and pastrami melting in your mouth, and this definitely did not do that.  Even after putting the Hebrew National deli mustard on the sandwich, it seemed a bit bland.Now, I'm saying it was "bad" necessarily, maybe I have become spoiled by Downtown Deli.  But for the $35 we spent (just meals for my wife and I plus tip, the kids eat free after 4), I wasn't impressed.  I think the pricing was a little bit much, $2-3 cheaper would have been more reasonable.  Especially with the quantity of the sides.  We both got potato salad, and is was served in a small plastic cup like you would get your fruit in at and elementary school (see the picture of the applesauce).  For $11.50 (for my sandwich), that's just not enough.
4	Sandwich (Turkey Ruben for me and Chicken Club for the hubby) AMAZING. Service great.Price - too high... :(
2	Dined on a Saturday night, it was busy. Snacked on the plate of pickles. Tasty. Ordered chili and latkes to get started. Chili was ok, Latkes were decent had to request applesauce and sour cream. Ordering an Italian sandwich in a Jewish Deli wasn't the brightest on my part, but I wanted to see how it was. Not great, as you can probably imagine. Meats were overly salted, and the Italian bread was unlike any other Italian bread I've had before.Pastrami/corned beef  Ruebens are the way to go. Tasty, but pricey.
5	Great Jewish style deli, complete with huge sandwiches, awesome desserts and big bowls of matzo ball soup
3	My husband and I went here this past weekend. We were craving gourmet sandwiches. This place hit the spot pretty well. We had just worked out and were STARVING. It was a good thing they brought out a plate of pickles and pickled tomatoes. I thought they were a little salty, but hit the spot in our post-workout state of starvation. We both ordered different types of pastrami sandwiches. They were huge! I mean it probably had about 15 layers of pastrami! they are the types of sandwiched I picture the firefighters in New York eating! The meat itself was ok, a little dry but very flavorful. It was also a bit fatty for my taste. The bread was my favorite part! The pumpernickel was toasted to perfection! I have to admit, an $11 pastrami sandwich is a little pricey, but you do get twice the meat you would get at other deli's. What's outrageous is that you can pay $4 more to get twice the meat! That's enough meat for 4 sandwiches. I would definitely return, but I can't say it was the best pastrami I have had. On our way out, we saw a bunch of guys with these big plates of omelets. I will be back for those.
3	I'd give this restaurant a solid 3.5 stars, but couldn't reach 4 in my opinion.  The place is good, however I can't see any wow factor making it completely standing out from the rest.  The food is really good as it's a place for sandwiches and soups.  Portions are quite large and the prices are relatively high for the type of restaurant it is.  $10 to $12 for the typical sandwich I feel is quite high for here.  Maybe things are more expensive here because the place is so large and the rent is higher, I don't know.When I think of a deli I imagine walking up to a counter and ordering.  Not here, strangely it's a sit down restaurant with a server taking your order.   Just seems odd as the seating looks similar to a cafeteria.  Maybe it's me, but I like to watch my sandwich being made in front of me at this type of place.The best surprise I think here is the wonderful selection of desserts.  They all look so good behind the counter, decent portions, and fairly priced.  Pretty hard to resist!
4	Good stuff! I've been out in Surprise a few months now and on the suggestion of a friend, decided to stop and check this place out. It's buried behind the Chase bank on Litchfield & Bell roads...probably why we have never stopped there before. It's definitely a nice change of pace from all the restaurants out this way. Yes, $10-$12 for a sandwich is expensive, but you're getting A LOT of deli meat. I'd rather pay a few bucks more for a sandwich like this than something processed from a fast food place. I got the J.P.'s Pastrami Special and could only eat 1/2 of it. The rye bread was perfectly grilled, giving the sandwich a nice crunch to it. It's not just a take out deli, either. They've got booth seating up front and tables/chairs in the back. Nothing fancy, but it must not be too bad...the place was packed when I went.  If you're looking for something different, give this place a try. I'm sure I'll be heading back again soon.
4	My wife brought me here for lunch on a Sunday.  The Pastrami was awesome.  I believe this is one a a few different locations for Archies.  I'll be back......and I'll probably have the Pastrami again (that's how I roll).
5	Another 5 star visit today at Archie's Deli! My son enjoyed Neptune's Catch which is a tuna salad sandwich with cheese on grilled rye. It was A-MAY-ZING!  My hubby had a chicken salad sandwich which was delish. I had the tomato basil soup with a salad and the soup was perfect. It was fresh, hot, and just the right texture. I had a bowl of it forgetting how enormous the portions are at Archie's and couldn't eat my salad. I'll enjoy it tomorrow at lunch. Service was great and the food was terrific. It's a can't miss trip yet again! :)
5	Great food! I'm vegetarian and have so many choices.
5	Another great visit! Met up with 2 friends and enjoyed the Grilled Cheese and tomato basil soup. Perfect on a freezing cold day like today. Friends had the reuben and the pastrami and both loved them. 1/2 size is the perfect size sandwich there but if you've got an appetite, Archie's can sure feed ya!
2	We decided to check Archie's out for breakfast.  We saw the menu online and figured we'd give it a shot since there isn't much of a selection of breakfast places (besides chain restaurants  i.e. IHOP, Village Inn) in Surprise.  Read all kinds of great reviews for the sandwiches, soups etc.  Hoped breakfast would be the same.  NOT.  EVEN.  CLOSE.Service was  very friendly but also very, very slow.  We were seated right away but waited quite some time for our drink order to be taken (which was not by our waitress) and then took another 10 minutes for her to appear.I ordered the Denver omelet with home fries.  We'll start with the home fries.  Mush.  Nothing but mush.  I didn't order mashed potatoes but that's basically what I got.  Not impressed.The omelet was the worst I've ever had.  The eggs were put in a skillet, cooked on one side and then flipped like a burger and cooked through on the other side.  It looked like an egg frisbee.  The ham, onions and peppers were just there.  No cheese at all either.   No ingredients cooked into the egg like you see when it is made properly.  Terrible.My wife ordered the breakfast burrito which was good.  Decent flavor.  That's the only reason I didn't give this 1 star.We will try here again one more time to try the Rueben's.  If that disappoints, we'll never go here again.
2	The lay out is more of a restaurant than a "deli" the service was prompt and cordial however when I asked my server what is made in house she stated the only thing homemade is the bread. A little disappointing for what has been considered the "best" sandwich in the west valley.  I ordered the Ruben on grilled Rye with fries and a Coke.  The meat was tender, the Russian dressing tasted more like thousand island, the Swiss cheese was not melted and the sauerkraut was actually dry as if it was left in the fringe uncovered.  $15.00 dollars for lunch is very expensive, especially since nothing was homemade.  Whatever they used to grill the sandwich like butter/oil made it very greasy, so bad that it was actually running down my hand like a greasy pizza.  Instead a real deli it's more of retail store and restaurant for a wholesale grocer.
5	Very nice. Haven't found a Jewish deli like this one since Harold's Deli closed in Knoxville. It was just perfect! I even liked both types of pickles!
4	Just ate there this past weekend had a pastrami sandwich it was really good, and very filling, price was a bit high for a sandwich so will only go back occasionally would like to try soup and bagels as well! Service was very good and waitress answered all our questions with a smile!!!
2	I went lunch the other day with some friends.  They wanted a good deli, however I don't think this exist in the far west Phoenix metro.  Someone  suggested Archie's so I thought, well it's been a while since my last visit which was not very good, so why not give them another try again.  They will usually start you off with a small dish of pickles however they did not bring us any on this visit.  I did not ask for them this time since I did not like them on my last visit.  I had their half pastrami sandwich on rye with a side of potato salad.   I was not asked if I wanted my bread toasted this time for some reason.  The bread needed to be toasted for the bread was dry and the crust was too tough to eat.  The pastrami was OK.  They buy their pastrami pre-cooked which makes it a little drier than at a place that cooks their own pastrami.  The potato salad is bland, so I would recommend ordering a different side.  I've had their cole slaw on a prior visit and it's also a bit bland, so you may want to go with fries.  They are not fresh, but might be a better option for a side. All in all I find their prices way too high for the quality of food you get at Archie's. They might be the best option if your looking for a deli and your in this area.  I've been to Archie's a couple of times now and it has not changed.  This is a 2 star deli for me based on multiple experiences.
1	When we walked in yesterday we were hopeful to find a closer option than Chompie's for good deli. We were wrong. My kids had just gotten over a stomach bug, so we ordered them the chicken noodle soup. My husband watched the waitress dish it in a bowl, and then microwave it! If we wanted microwaved soup, we wouldn't have paid $4.50 a bowl!I ordered a vegetarian sandwich in an attempt to eat something fresh, and it had so much cheese and butter I couldn't finish it, I didn't realize I was getting a grilled cheese sandwich with a few vegetables! The sandwich I ordered had avocado in it, which I love, but you couldn't taste with all the cheese in it!My husband ordered the #10, pastrami and rye. It was ok, it's hard to mess up pastrami on rye with mustard, but it wasn't worth $10.50.We decided to order dessert, got rice pudding (one) for my two girls to share, and a brownie for my husband and I to share. Again, we watched the waitress use the microwave to heat these up! I was so shocked I didn't know what to say to them! It's ridiculous! I'm sure no NY deli in their right minds would use a microwave, and if they did, they'd have the decency to do it in the back away from patrons eyes, it's like a slap in the face!We paid $50 for 2 adult sandwiches, 2 bowls of soup, 4 drinks, 1 rice pudding, 1 brownie, and 1 black and white cookie. The quality didn't live up to the price and we will not be back.
5	My husband and I made our first visit to Archie's today for the best breakfast we've eaten anywhere. The lox benedict was heavenly, and the homefries were the perfect accompanyment. We also shared an order of chopped chicken livers which melted in our mouths.The service at Archie's was outstanding. Neither too lax nor overbearing. A visit to our table by the owner was icing on the cake. But what will really bring us back to Archies is the food. If you're looking for a REAL Deli experience, look no further than Archie's in Surprise AZ. You won't be disappointed!!!
1	I have a deep love of deli food. I have been to all the greats in New York and I have been known to drive an hour (one way mind you) to Chompies when the craving for a knish, giant sandwhich and a black and white strikes. Imagine my joy when I discovered a New York deli on the west side of town!The decor here is drab. It reminds me of an old, almost run down diner. Our waitress was adorable and provided great service. She was the only good thing about this place. The matzo ball soup (which should be a delicious staple) was bland, lukewarm and not so good. I have made better matzo balls from a box mix. My husbands open face turkey sandwhich sounded good. He was delivered a slice of microwave dinner tasting turkey on challah, covered in congealed brown gravy. The mashed taters were lumpy. It just....did not taste right. The kasha we got on the side was inedible. We were served bowls of beige mush with bow tie pasta. It was over cooked and one of the worst things I have ever eaten. Considering all the side consists of is cooked grain and some pasta, this is pretty sad.I had a brisket sandwhich. The challah it was on was good. It stopped there. The meat was bland, HORRIBLY fatty. It also just...did not look right. It was shiny and greasy. I have eaten and cooked many a brisket in my day and I have never seen brisket look like that. About 1/3 way through one half of the sandwhich, I felt like I was going to be sick. The "russian dressing" was super thick, looked course and tasted like poorly mixed together ketchup and mayo with some relish thrown in.Depsite the bad meal, we thought to try dessert. The carrot cake had a strange after taste and the red velvet cupcake was just the blandest dessert I have ever had. It was very dry.The only reason why I think this place has the rating it does is because there is no competition over here. At the end of the day, I would rather eat at Dennys.
3	We have had breakfast to go a few times here. Nothing special! Eggs, bacon, breakfast burrito, hash browns. Food was good, nothing to write home about. Just Yelp it!! We are going to give this place another try since we only had breakfast. So coming soon to the nearest Yelp, will be my update!!
3	Archie's serves up big, tasty sandwiches of great quality.  They are fairly expensive, but the volume of ingredients (meat) justifies the price.  Service is always friendly, but a little hit and miss in terms of consistency.Desert selection is great and we have yet to try anything that wasn't sinfully delicious; be warned though, the portions are huge!!!So, three stars because it's still a sandwich and it's still a deli/diner/cafeteria type dining room with paper napkins... And $30+ for two adults to have lunch.
1	Never will I eat here again!  "fresh" fruit salad came with mold.  When I pointed it out to the waitress she offered me yet another bowl of the same moldy old fruit.  Hey people, your fruit needs to be thrown away when it gets moldy, ever heard of the health department...too bad because I would love to find a restaurant in Surprise that served a salad I would not be afraid to eat
4	Went here for lunch today. This was our first visit to Archie's Deli and the food was fantastic. There were four in our party. Items we ordered: Archie's Reuben (two of us), J.P. Pastrami Special - which consists of Hot pastrami, Swiss cheese, oven-roasted onions & yellow mustard on grilled rye bread, Go Fish -which consists of Smoked salmon, tomato & onion on rye bread. The sandwiches are very large.   Our food server informed us they are made with a half pound of meat.  Sides, which were included, consisted of a choice of potato salad, coleslaw, fries or chips.  The potato salad was great.  I didn't like the coleslaw too much.   We also got a couple of desserts to takeout: the New York Cheesecake and Chocolate Eclair. The cheesecake is the way to go. Great flavor and not too sweet. Service was fine. Food server could answer all of our questions. The complimentary pickles were a little too salty (even though pickles are naturally salty) these were a little too much. The only reason for four stars is due to the condiment bottles placed on the table looked really dirty. I would eat here again though.
2	Been to this Deli twice. The first time I went for lunch and was not impressed with the food for the price. I went back a second time for breakfast. Ordered an Omelet. The ingredients were practically non existent. Again the food was not worth the price. I give it two stars because the service is great from the servers. Very friendly and helpful. Too bad their not the cooks as well! I may give it one more chance.
5	Best sammiches in Surprise hands down.  I love their pastrami and cheese steak and they have some awesome desserts here too. I highly recommend.
3	The hugely portioned food was good, with the exception of the pickles that come wrapped in foil along with sandwich orders.Price, however was a bit outrageous. For three of us to order ONLY sandwiches, the total was about $50! OUCH!!The carpet is filthy and needs to be replaced, as does the hostess stand which is the first thing I noticed upon entering. Something I noticed after placing our order is a cucumber soda. Sounds interesting, but I didn't buy it.
3	We came here after searching for a sandwich place for our visiting Gramma.  Had the matzo ball soup and it was awesome.  I've had it only one other time in my life so I'm not exactly a conessiour per say.  The sandwich wasn't bad either -  a vegetarian - Rosa's Walk in the Park.  I guess I'm just not used to the bread on a sandwich being in deep heavy oil and crispy so I didn't care for it much but the ingredients inside were good.  The fries was also not very good.  Sounds like I should give it 2 stars but what I did have wasn't bad ... just not really what I'm used to I guess.  I definitely want to come here again and try some of the other menu items and this time, I will give the salad or coleslaw a try instead of fries.  It was definitely good enough to try again!
5	I love me some "Jewish soul food" and there's nothing like a New York style deli to give me a fully tummy all day. Archie's is an excellent choice if you're looking for a massive pile of corned beef or pastrami on rye bread with Swiss cheese and Russian dressing. Let the waitress bring you the pickles because they're just awesome!Service was a little slow today - I think the hostess seated us in a section that wasn't being watched, but once another waitress noticed that we'd been there for a bit, things improved. She comped our drinks.I have read the reviews and seen how great their Reubens are, but I thought I might go just a little healthier. My eye found the "Berman's Sure Choice" which is the same thing as a Reuben except it's not grilled. I was very pleased with my choice. My tablemates enjoyed the pancakes and the Challah French Toast.If you're anywhere near Surprise, absolutely go here. You will not regret it!
5	Went there for breakfast on Sunday with my Mom and Aunt.  The food was excellent!! I loved the fresh taste of the food and the service was wonderful.  Cant wait to go again.
1	I tried Archies for the first time for breakfast. I wanted just a simple breakfast. I ordered a simple breakfast burrito & my daughter ordered the breakfast crepes. The waitress seemed kinda in a brain fog, like she just woke up, anyway, My daughter order came with 2 very small crepes I was shocked and thought are you kidding me these were $8.50??? it seriously was a joke! My order the breakfast burrito was served w/ a green vegetable tortilla with what seemed to be turkey/chicken sausage the eggs tasted like they were powdered, I thought the portion was very small also, and the quality wasn't very good, the taste was bland I had to add salt just to get it down...My daughter said that her crepes were gross and she tried to get rid of the taste,, the crepes left her with a tummy ache.For two very very small crepes and a very small green tortilla with turkey surprise meat and powder tasting eggs, 1 orange juice ....NO JOKE THE PRICE TOTALED $30.00 !!!! NOT WORTH THE FOOD! NOR DOES NOT MATCH THE QUALITY!I would have had a much better fresh breakfast with fresh made biscuits, sausage & eggs, large Orange Juice & fresh hotcakes  for 2 at MCDONALDS! for under $10 DOLLARS!!!!!!!I will never patronize this place again, and will recommend to anyone to not go there either....it's a waste of money and time....
1	We just got thrown out of Archie's Deli in Surprise, AZ. What was our horrific crime? Ordering an off-the-menu appetizer, one that my husband has ordered there, and received, at least five times. Today, the manager refused to do it, saying we would put him out of business if he let everyone order to-go food and eat it in the restaurant. Everyone who? It was mid-afternoon and the place was empty. We told him we would happily pay for the forbidden item (half a pound of hot tongue with a slice of challah), as we always did, but he blew up and told us to get out!We are clean-cut, polite adult customers who typically spend $60 every time we go to Archie's. We tip well, love the food, have a good rapport with the staff, and never cause a problem there. This was probably our tenth visit to Archie's, and that manager has seen us before. Thanks to his nasty attitude today, we won't be back, and that's a shame. Archie's has a nice selection of sandwiches, great latkes, and a wonderful selection of classic deli beverages. The sandwiches are big enough to share, but we always buy two and take leftovers home. It's unfortunate that this manager didn't have the smarts to sell my husband his tongue and bread--even at a markup. Now he lost our business. $60 every other week adds up, Archie's. In this economy, isn't customer retention important?Think long and hard before you spend your hard earned money and time here. We won't make that mistake again.
3	First time we ate there (a week after they opened), customers, servers and the owner (I think) were staring at us like they've never before seen a Filipino family.Anyway, we've eaten there a few more times and I have to say that their food was good. I love the brisket dinner especially the latke, my wife their pastrami sandwich. I took my parents there one evening and I told my dad to ask for the brisket dinner. Unfortunately, they were out. So, that's the only complaint I have. A good place to eat. Try it.
2	Very average.  Didn't like bagels. Too soft. Good lox. Coffee so-so.  Service was fine.
2	Been here twice.  Stopped by the other night to pick up a couple sandwhiches to go and spent 30 minutes waiting for a basic chicken sandwich to be cooked.  The place was empty, the girl at the front desk was slow and confused about requesting ranch on the side.  Unfortunately I ordered before I took a look at the prices...$12 minimum for ANY sandwhich.  Outrageous.  Nothing spectacular, could have done better on my own, and faster.  Definitely not coming back.
5	You want  a testament to how good the food is? My entire family came to visit from the east coast, and after a couple of days of hearing complaints about the food in AZ, I loaded them all up to make the drive out to Archie's. Every single one of them got just what they wanted, and RAVED about the quality! I was made to bring them all out to Archie's two more times over the next five days, and each time better than the last! After their return home, I had several phone calls with various family members about how much they loved Archie's! Not how good it was to see me, about the food at Archie's! Suffice to say next time they are out here, we'll be parked at a booth at Archie's for a good part of their visit! Thanks Archie's!!
3	Still loving the sandwiches, but I'm really not happy with the slice of lemon cake we brought home Friday... Overbaking a butter cake and sticking some lemon curd between the layers doesn't make it delicious as several employees claimed... Did they try it? I think not, if they had, delicious wasn't an applicable word... Let's try dry, hard, unpleasant... I did like the frosting, but it wasn't lemon either... The main man summed it up when he said "I get it, they needed to get rid of it and we fell for the marketing."Be forewarned Archie's, I will be in tomorrow night to talk about this... The cakes are having technical and quality issues that need fixing...
5	Always good food. The Ruben is insane, very accommodating staff , family feel, good selection of deserts , the potato pancakes are just like my grandma used to make. Always roomy in the back you can be semi private if you like. The sandwiches all have Alot of quality meat. I hope this place stays around for a while.
4	Yup, I've become a big fan of Archie's.  I'm a big breakfast guy and love the fact you can get it anytime of the day.   The servings tend to be very very large.  The pancakes cover the plate and are impossible to finish, but are oh so good.  The bacon is thick cut and the bread/bagels are great.  I'm not a huge fan of the breakfast potatoes, then to be a bit greasy, but you can substitute for something else.I've also had several of the lunch menu sandwiches and find them great... love the rubens.  Give them a try!
2	Expensive.  Sandwiches were not that big, the meat was just piled in the middle so when they were sliced they give the illusion of being packed.  $12-14 for a sandwich, $2 for coffee and $5 for bland cheesecake, not worth it.
3	Sandwiches are pretty big but very pricy if you ask for a half sandwich your options are very limited so I opted for the $12 meal. I had the Pastrami "Vito" which was very good the potato salad was a bit too sweet for my liking, also had the Matzo Ball Soup it was okay but the Matzo ball broke apart more than it should maybe it was a bit dry in the middle also had to add a lot of pepper and salt to fix it up. Service was good. Over all it's a good place to visit if you have some bucks to burn :) and want a good sandwich.
5	If you're looking for good food this is the place to go. I recomend the pastrami on rye. It was so good we ended up going back the next day for more.
3	I've been to this place at least a dozen times and have never had a bad meal.  They have a wonderful breakfast and if you get the right waitress, you'll get good service.  My only grip about this place is that you will be gouged for coffee or soda.  $2.49 for a cup of coffee or soda!  Really??   I do like the food so I will keep going back but I just get water to drink from now on.
1	Jewish "Style"... Oy Vay you've got to be kidding! Overpriced and Management is very unwelcoming! It's like a white guy trying to run a Soul Food Restaurant... It doesn't work.. I'm driving to the other side of town for CHOMPIES! Zie Gezunt... Which in Yiddush means " you should be well"
3	Pastrami sandwich was good as were the fries but at $19 and some change ($16 and change for the meal and $3 tip) for one person to have a sandwich, fries and iced tea is a bit too steep for lunch. And it wasn't a huge sandwich like I've had in other deli's for a cheaper price. Normally I only eat half of a deli sandwich and bring the other half home. Not here, ate the whole thing.Too bad because I liked the atmosphere of the place.
5	Great Place for Lunch!  The wait staff is very nice and greet you as you come in. I had the double jeopardy sandwich which is half pastrami half corned beef triple decker sandwich! WOW! So much sandwich for the money!
5	I've been back a few times since my initial review and all I have to say is I love this place. I'm glad it's a bit of a drive from home because I'd be here way to often if it wasn't...
4	Love it. Massive portions of delicious food, good coffee, great service. Being a Brit, and new to the area, I was surprised to find a Breakfast eatery with a 'Jewish twist'. I used to eat up in Golders Green in London, and this place would fit right in!I can recommend the chilli omlette, which comes with home fries to! Good Luck walking out without feeling utterly stuffed after that!
2	ARCHIES IS NOT A JEWISH DELI. Anyone who thinks it is has never been to a real Jewish deli...period. I have been to Archies a handful of times. I can honestly say it has gone severely down hill. The food was ummmm.not good. Service was so so at best. Archies sucks and that is down from ugggh. The matzoh ball soup is a crime to matzoh ball soup. The pastrami and corned beef was really bland.....and tasteless. it would be the laughing stock of "delis" for about 4 days until it closed in a Jewish neighborhood. Do not kid yourself....
5	Best grilled cheese ever!!!!! This place is awesome!
1	The reason for one star is one word-management! I called in a take out order and arrived to pick it up. When the cashier told  me my total it was for a regular menu sandwich.I  said it's the Early Bird price. She said okay and was attempting to correct my bill when the manager came over. He never said hello or even acknowledged me. He asked her "what are you doing very nastily" she explained and he snapped again stating that this was the full price size ,grabbing the bag from her and tossing it on the counter. He told the kitchen he needed another one of the smaller size.His rude attitude and harsh behavior was so un called for. At this point I am annoyed by his rude behavior and total lack of customer service. Not to mention the food he wasted. Needless to say Archie's has lost another customer. Go somewhere else.
4	A bit pricey and the pastrami is sometimes too fatty.  However, on a good day you can get an excellent pastrami sandwich and some very good pickles.  On the very best days they'll give you more than one pickled green tomato per pickle-plate.  If they lowed their prices 1 - 1.5 dollars per sandwich, I'd be here more often.
4	Great food and large portions! The biscuits and gravy are the best I have ever had.
5	Pastrami on toasted hoagie with Coleslaw and Russian dressing was amazing.  Finished it off with some homemade rice pudding & a chocolate dipped macaroon.  Amazing Food!!
2	The food continues to be great but it seem like there's a couple of the waitress that are getting to be a little snippy.  Today the wife went there with her regular cast of friends for breakfast and ordered the Greek Omelet but when her ordered arrived, it wasn't a Greek Omelet, it was a Feta Omelet and when she told the waitress she didn't order Feta, she waitress insisted that what she got was what she ordered and refused to correct it.  On another occasion I ordered some eggs and told the waitress that what I really would like to have was over medium (yellow runny but the white cooked) but I had always had to order them well done because the cook can't seem to ever get it right (the white was ALWAYS runny).  She said that I should order them medium well but I told her that from my experience, over medium to the cook means over easy no matter how many chances I gave him.  Oh my, she was not happy that I said that!  From then on you could tell that she was forcing herself to come to the table to check on us.  So, when I go, I just have to avoid those two waitresses.
1	So... it's been just over two years that I've been here and due to my wife having a constant "give people a chance to redeem themselves" attitude I did just that.  We walked in on a Saturday around brunch time and they weren't too busy so we were seating quickly.  Our server shall remain nameless but she was extremely rude and almost seemed put off that she had more people to serve than she wanted.  I asked (just as before) if the meat was made in house or brought in from a service she immediately told me it was brought in and even told me the name of the company that prepares it.  I can't help but remember the email I got from the owner stating all the meats were made in house and asked me to come back for a tasting.  Any way...  The meat was terrible again! Not greasy as before but slimy as heck and that made the bread very soggy so I took the meat off to try it alone and it was too bad to eat so I called the waitress over and as I was explaining what was wrong she grabbed my plate and walked away.  I said "excuse me I wasn't done talking."  Without turning around she said I will just take it off.   Again the food and service are absolutely deplorable.
1	The Manager here is an idiot this guy has an ego way to big for his own good. The food is good but over priced but because of Management I will never return.
5	Great new location. I am excited they moved closer to us. Always the best sandwiches in Surprise.
4	I went here for brunch with my fiance and mother in law and the food and service was great.  Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  It is very casual and clean.  We had a good time and will visiting again soon.
1	Understand the reason they moved to their new tiny location was because of NON PAYMENT OF THEIR RENT From their previous location on Litchfield...Went back to give another shot, that's what I needed... A shot from a bartender or maybe or Doctor...
5	This place has moved farther west on Bell toward Reems road and it is still awesome!
1	First of all let me say I used to work for this "managment" when the store was located in 59th tbird... They are the rudest owners I've ever experienced. When I was training ( I was 16 first job am now 22 ) I was told to learn something and they wouldn't teach you only yell because you messed things up... also working there I have seen the guy manager yell at customers all the time because his huge ego! This is not the place to eat .. OVERPRICED.BAD MANAGMENT. AND ON DAYS BLAND FOOD. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!
2	I don't know what happen to Archies!  I used to go there only for breakfast because it was the best place in Surprise for the most important meal of the day.  Is it too much to ask for an egg to be cooked medium well?  I can not stomach an egg that is practically raw - you know, the egg white runny.  Despite asking specifically that the egg white to be cooked I consistently get a barely warm egg!  I have now stopped going to Archie's and I no longer recommend it to my customers (I drive an airport shuttle and had encouraged this place to literally thousands of people).
