4	I found Dong Ting Spring while eating at Yun Nan Garden next door, which I love.  Last night I took my girlfriend to DTS and in my half-assed Mandarin I told the waitress/manager (who spoke very little English) that I wanted something delicious, very Chinese, and not Americanized.  She recommended the smoked ham with bamboo shoots ($10 or $11 I think) and it was empirically the f*cking bomb.  I've never had anything quite like it:  a plate piled high with nice, bacony, smoky pieces of ham mixed in with tons of odd pieces of funny-looking bamboo that felt and tasted strangely like mushrooms.  You also have to ask the lady to serve it up the way she likes it... loaded with fresh, chopped red chilies!  They're not that hot, so make sure you get at least some.   The dish was also full of teeny pieces of diced garlic and every last bit was delicious.  I poured the dregs onto my rice.  My girlfriend had a hard time communicating what she wanted and ended up mistakenly getting a pretty mediocre (but okay) sauteed shrimp and bell pepper dish that the cooks had de-spiced for her.  We also got a good stir-fry of Chinese eggplant, long beans, and more bell peppers that the waitress recommended.  Bottom line:  Go here if you want wicked, authentic Chinese food, but make sure you get something that the WAITRESS likes, because she knows what's good.  Try pointing to the menu and asking her, "Nee shee hwon shah mah?"  (that means, "What do you like?")
4	If you want Chinese food with a few days' worth of Vitamin C, this is your place.  I went back here for lunch, asked for some real Hunan food, and ended up with the unassumingly-named "Fried Beef."  It was a big plate of stir-fried, tender beef slivers completely loaded with cilantro and three types of fresh chili peppers, all fried up in chili oil full of chopped garlic.  It looked like a meaty Christmas wreath with all that green and red.  Did I mention that it was great?  Like the showoff I am, I ate every single chili pepper and my stomach felt like a furnace for hours.  If you're white and you visit Dong Ting Spring, don't feel the need to eat every pepper and melt your guts.  I already represented for you!  You can order your fried beef medium spicy, secure in the knowledge that I've already changed their assumptions about the white palate.  "Fried Beef:"  $10.  In case you never open up my previous review, the smoked ham and bamboo shoots is THE Chinese dish to eat in Vegas.  Skip everything else and eat this first.
4	I was jonesing for some real Chinese food, so after trekking out to 168 Market to do some grocery shopping, I stopped here for lunch.  No, it's not all that close, but at least it's on the same bus line.  Besides, I wanted some taro yogurt from Queen yogurt and some winter melon buns from Sunshine Bakery afterwards.I had the Ma's Spicy Diced Chicken, and had to persuade the waitress to make it good and spicy.  I also had the stir-fried eggplant and long beans because they were out of ong choy.  The only thing I didn't care for was that both dishes were too similar in color and flavor, although individually each dish was really, really good.  The chicken was extremely salty (probably from all the preserved black beans) and chewy without being stringy.  And there were plenty of both fresh and dried hot peppers.  Chewy chicken suited the dish far better than mystery soft meat or tender chunks of white meat ever would (ugh).Next time I'll have a lamb dish, or a dried tofu dish, or chairman Mao's pork, or some other pork dish.  There are lots of appealing offerings on the menu.Now, if you are used to Panda Express and P.F. Changs and like that Americanized style of Chinese food, they have a list of those kinds of dishes too, but I'd guess that you get what you deserve if you order them.  I'm as fair-skinned and blue-eyed as any other gaijin, but when I want Chinese food, I want **Chinese** food, and this place delivers.The decor is pretty spartan, but not as spartan as Yun Nan Garden next door.
5	HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT and very great Chinese food!I order the 'fish head' or something, it was DELICIOUS but HOT! Home style of meat is the best 'smoked meat' or looked like 'bacon' but not real 'bacon' I ever had. Steam egg also is the one I highly recommend. The location is kinda hard to find out, cross street Chinatown and behind or next Korean Queen yogurt (sorry! my friend take me there).
5	Outstanding, spicy and real Hunan Chinese food!
4	Hot? Yeah, well, it's Hunan food - isn't that part of the point? A buddy in Vegas suggested I stop by Dong Ting Spring after he overheard me complain that I hadn't had good Hunan food in years - and he was absolutely correct. I had the smoked ham with dried turnip as well as an order of eggplant with long beans. The smoked ham was as good as I've ever had: high quality meat, plenty of it, with leeks and chilies like you wouldn't believe. The eggplant was super tasty as well with fresh, delicious long beans mixed in with another generous helping of chilies.Best of all are the staff: friendly, patient, and keen to make sure you enjoy your meal while making you feel welcome. The restaurant is spotlessly clean with an wide variety of dishes on the menu - it's shame I don't live in Vegas because I'll never get to try everything they serve!The only downside is the lack of a liquor license: iced water and hot tea are offered right up front, they do have some sodas, but alas no beer.
4	Stopped by for a lunch thanks to fellow yelpers :)Place is a little hard to find - in a back alley of the Chinatown.After looking at the menu (that hardly makes any sense to a person that doesn't read mandarin) I ordered something called Chairman's Mao pork.  It turned out to be braised pork belly.Portion was enough for 2... It was good and I probably could've ordered it more spicy.  I'll definitely keep stopping by when I'm in the area.
4	This was my second time to Dong Ting Spring.  I would have to say the first time was better than the second experience, only due to the service.  Both times the food was excellent. As for the service during our most recent visit, we were disappointed the frequency of drink refills.  We pushed our ice tea glasses to the edge of the table and tried to make eye contact with the waiter, who I suspect was the owner's son, we still had to wait and eventually had to ask to get refills.  However, what is lacking in service is definitely made up for by quality and authenticity of food.  The first time we ordered the wild mushroom hot pot, which was wonderful.  This time we tried the beer braised duck, eggplant and long bean, smoked beef and hot and sour soup.  The eggplant was by far my favorite, it had a wonderful flavor.  The hot and sour soup also had a good flavor but did not contain much in the broth, such as chicken etc. I liked the flavor of the smoked beef, however, probably due to the smoking process it was too dry for my taste.  Although the service was not what I would have hoped for, and what is holding me back from giving this establishment five stars. We will definitely go back. Eventhough this place is difficult to find the first time, it is worth seeking out.
5	Great food , great service, a family-style restaurant , make me feel cozy and relax, LOVE IT! Most of the food are spicy , but you can choose the spiciness from scale one to five. I was so glad that I found this place from yelp , and we had a satisfying dinner in Vegas .
4	Was in Vegas for a night and was craving for some authentic Chinese. Ordered eggplant with long beans and a spicy pork dish. The food was very tasty but the service was a bit slow but no complaints for this family run business. Next time I'm visiting Vegas I'll be sure to stop in again.
4	Wanting some spice in our life, we headed in the direction of food from the Hunan province.  Our usual go to spot would be Yun Nan Garden, but we decided to change it up a bit and give its neighbor "Dong Ting Spring" a chance.  It's conveniently located right next door to Yun Nan and taking a peek inside, you can see which one has more customers.  That's okay though, we're an adventurous bunch and we'll give any place a go!  (It doesn't hurt that all their reviews are between a four and five star.)Walking in, we were warmly greeted by the waitress and shown to a table.  She asked in Mandarin if we wanted tea or water (or at least I think that's what she asked.)  We confirmed tea and it arrived quickly, along with a menu.Utilizing Tony T.'s posted pics, it helped with our dinner choice.  We figure it was a bit of gamble, but was confident we'd be satisfied.  After putting in our order, the waitress asked us how we wanted our spice level and we chose medium.* Spicy Wild Mushroom Hot Pot ($11.95) - The first dish to arrive and it comes sizzling with a flame below it.  It's a combination of mushrooms, some sort of meat, peppers, and packed with flavor.  Great choice!   * Shredded Potatoes with Vinegar Sauce ($6.95) - We discovered this shredded potato dish at Yun Nan and really enjoy it.  But when it comes with vinegar sauce, woah - what a tangy contrast!  One bite and I knew the Husband would be loving this dish.  Something so simple and basic, but yet has so much flavor.  We're down with the potatoes!Steamed rice is 50 cents per person.Service - although English is limited here, the friendly face and patient look on the waitress's face makes ordering and eating here a much better and pleasant experience than other Hunan restaurants in town.Although it's not quite as busy as their neighbor, we did notice families eating in the back and a group of regulars arrive shortly after us.  So they do have a steady following.Overall, you can't go wrong with Hunan food.  It's just so full of flavor, spice, and kick.  Their food is far from bland.Our only downfall was not making this a group thing.  The more the merrier, and in this case that means more dishes to try and share!  Next time you want to add some spice in your life, do it with a group - it's always better that way!
5	Very authentic Chinese Hunan cuisine, everything is good, if you like real Hunan food.  This is really a hidden gem of Chinatown.  I hope everybody support real Chinese food.  I am proud of them ---- although they don't have top busy business, they are not compromise and making the Americanized Chinese food.  The boss lady speaks very good English, ask her for recommendation, she does good job.  The famous steam fish head is a Hunan specialty, but don't try it if you have problem with seeing fish head and can't deal with fine fish bones.  If you have a skilled Chinese friend to help you out, you can enjoy the fish meat and soak your rice with the juice, you will be amazed by the flavor!
5	We always come here every year during our annual Vegas trip. The food is authentic Hunan. The woman who runs it has slowly developed her English, so we could communicate with her a little bit now. Please note that "medium spicy" actually means burn your lips off and sweat off several pounds. The dishes are delicious. Stay away from the Chef's special, which consists of non-Chinese things like orange chicken.We love the lamb fried with peppers, spicy fish fillet, stir fried eggplant and long beans, hot and sour soup, etc. We have yet to encounter a bad dish here. The prices are a steal compared to the Strip. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	One of the best spicy Chinese restaurants I've been to.We had 9 dishes for 8 people and were very happy with each dish. Nice strong spicy flavors. I especially liked the chili lamb (very thin, flavorful and lean pieces of lamb) and the mushroom dish (forgot the name).
4	Traditional chinese spicy cuisine, different from sichuan, it is hunan style.tasty, and you can pick the degrees of spicy. overall it is a great pleace for hot food, might not fit for americans because they use pork for many dishes.
4	This place was awesome - the perfect place to go for great Hunan food. Remember, Hunan food is SPICY. The spicy wild mushroom hot pot was great. Order a pork dish, whichever one you like - they are fantastic. The bitter melon was very bitter and I ordered it spicy, so that was heaven for me. The one thing they didn't do that great was the dumplings, which kept it from being 5 stars. Definitely get a lamb dish too. Didn't try the fish head but maybe next time. I would highly recommend a visit and you can order the food mild.
5	Authentic! authentic!
5	Really good hunan food. Spicy is the way to have it! The fish and kidney were some of the I have ever had.
3	Tucked away in an alley that not many would think about going to, this restaurant truly thrives off of word of mouth and a loyal customer base. It was my groups first time, but it felt like one of our regular haunts. The staff were courteous and gave us time to look over the menu. Even though we were not ready to order, they did not look upset when we sent them away to continue to browse. The food is hit or miss. There were dishes that I loved and then there were the lackluster misses. As everyone has stated, the wild mushroom hot pot was delicious. The spice was tame and more on the sour side. It was apparent that the chili they used was the red vinegar chili sauce. The mixture of pork, straw mushrooms, onions, red and green bell peppers gave the dish a visual appeal. The sauteed potatoes in vinegar sauce was tame for my taste. I like a vinegar dressing to be extra tart. The flavor was simple and clean. The dishes I was disappointed in were the sweet pork and the fried rice. My friend speaks Chinese and ordered a dish he got while in California. It came out and tasted like sweet and sour pork without the pineapple and vegetables. When he ordered, I believe he was hoping for a Mandarin style pork dish that has a deep red sauce. The fried rice was also mediocre. I had a scoop of it and went back to the white rice. The pieces of spiced pork was sparse and added little flavor to the overall plate. The menu is extensive and has many uncommon dishes. When I do go back, the more exotic dishes will be higher up on the list to try.
4	Anyone who loves spicy food should definitely go. It's hard to find something not spicy to eat here lol
2	When I asked my dad what he wanted to eat for Father's day, he immediately said, "Chinese food!"  You can take the man out of Arcadia, but you can't take Arcadia out of the man...Anyway, after a brief Yelp search, I chose Dong Ting Spring because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews.When we got there, I was impressed by the clean, rather cute decor.  But the place was empty except for one other group.  My parents started having their doubts, but I remained positive.  Maybe it was still early...First mistake: my family doesn't eat spicy food.  So we asked for everything mild, which they made for us.  But if you don't eat spicy, why bother going to a Hunan restaurant?  D'oh.I actually thought the meal was okay.  Nothing was truly bad but also nothing was great.  My parents hated it though...so much they wanted me to write this review.  Apparently one of the dishes was supposed to feature shrimp...and instead consisted of huge bunches of broccoli and a few sad little pieces of shrimp.  And no one really touched the catfish.If you don't eat spicy food, then you can find better Chinese food elsewhere.  But if you like your food hot, then I still think it would be worth trying this restaurant.
4	Yelp pulls through again!!!  After reading many reviews talking about the wild mushroom hotpot being deliciously spicy, I bookmarked this restaurant and was waiting for a friend to come back in town to try out this place.  Finally, it was Labor Day and we met up for lunch.  We ordered the following:-Wild Mushroom Hotpot:  different types of mushroom, thin slices of pork, leeks, and tons of pepper.  Ooh wee, it was spicy but oh so good.  Highly recommend, as many other yelpers have already done so.-Eggplants with hot peppers:  I love eggplants and I love the way the lightly sauteed them with the peppers.  Very good.Although those are the only two items we ordered, we will definitely be back to try other dishes, such as the fried intestine, and the fish...
4	Went here with a vegetarian friend, so we ordered off the vegetables at the end.  It's filled with solid things that are tasty.  We got the baked tofu with garlic scallions and the garlic sauce eggplant.  The tofu was taaaaaaaaaasttttttteeeeeee.  Mmm.  The eggplant was also very good, with a pungent sauce that was really heavy on the spices.  You could really taste the 5 spice.  The flip side of that was that it wasn't spicy at all.  I guess it was a good thing because I could taste the rest of it, but I just am a little disappointed when spicy food isn't spicy.  Even the chili soy bean oil on the side wasn't spicy (but again, unique, with really heavily smoked chilis that added a little something-something je ne sais quois that you don't normally get).Rice was unevenly cooked, tea was kinda boring, some pepper seeds were oddly hard, but it tasted like real Chinese food, at least.  Just kinda wimpy Chinese.  I'm giving it a 4 mostly because I have no idea what to expect around here and it's not like I have the highest standards for rando restaurants in the middle of the desert.  That being said, it's a reasonable 3.5 anywhere else.
4	Hunan style food. Fish head is not so fresh and too salty.
5	Love this Restaurant. The food is authentic.  Remember, make sure you order Hunan dish like Hunan dried pork.
5	It's my #1 choice for Chinese food in Vegas, and I'm not even a big fan of spicy food!  I always order the wild mushroom soup, braised pork Mao's style, and the spicy fish fillet or fish head, along with whatever my friends like or the waitress/hostess recommends on that day. The entries are cooked in authentic Hunan style, which is boldly delicious and spicy, and totally NOT Americanized. For that reason, some Americans may not like them at all. As a matter of fact, some Chinese who are not from Hunan/Sichuan region also find the dishes too hot to handle. You get to pick the level of spiciness when ordering. Also, you may want to call ahead to make sure if the fresh fish head is still available , and there's no large group of tourists from China coming in the same time you get there.
4	this was my 2nd attempt with my friend to eat here and when i arrived at 11am they were closed again. i was about to get all wu tang on them! i even spoke to the lady on the phone and she said they opened at 10am. then the owner and cooks show up at 11am and my friend shortly after.table tops are strange... seems like a really soft vinyl. when i went to pick them up they were semi stuck. but the table wasnt dirty. friend ordered the dong ting spring fried rice. very good. he also ordered some really spicy chicken which i only had a few pieces. very good as well. i ordered the green beans. a little too much msg but not bad. amazing thing about chinese restaurants is that your food comes out super fast. from opening to us sitting down it was about... 15 or 20 minutes? the food came out in about 10 after ordering? cooking with a wok doesnt take time for it to heat up and stuff like a oven. my friend is getting his phd in comp sci at unlv and we started to talk about math puzzles. i couldnt figure it out cus i was getting chinese food coma symptoms. he told me the answer but maybe you can amuse yourself and dabble into the dark side of mathematics.PUZZLE TIME:you have 10 stacks of coins. each stack has 10 coins. 9 stacks have real coins that are 1 gram a coin. one stack has 10 counterfeit coins that are 1.1gram a coin.you are given a scale.whats the least number of times you could use the scale to find which stack is the counterfeit stack?you can weigh in any configuration. EX. the whole stack, multiple stacks, one coin from each stack, etc...ill have a "talk" conversation where you can post your answer.
5	my best friend took me to this place.  Since after, I've been coming to here almost 4 years. This place has the real spicy hunan food. my family loves here.  we celebrates almost every family members birthday here =)  The owner usually were give us free small appetizer when we come
3	Pretty good overall, was dead when we went in and wasn't all that comfortable with the overall atmosphere when the busboy was clearing tables with a wad of tissue sticking out of his nose. Food was pretty good, but the cleanliness knocks it down a star.
5	I went here with my girlfriend who is from Hunan region and she said this place was just like home. We asked for it extra spicy and they nailed it. They added a ton of fresh peppers and they were perfectly roasted from the wok. I hate when places use dried chillies. We got the wild mushroom and lamb with chilies, both where really good, my favorite was the lamb. But a little greasy by the time you got the the bottom of the plate. The server was really nice to us. Not like the pushy servers of most Chinese restaurants.I feel bad this place was dead for lunch. I hate to see place with great food not busy.
5	Great tofu and spicy squid. Friendly hostess and nice room Highly recommended. Ate there twice on our trip to Las Vegas.
4	I gotta say. My friend and I got SUPER confused when we found this place. We didn't know whether or not we found the right place. When we looked at the picture of the restaurant front on yelp and the actual restaurant, there were some differences. But then we compared the chairs/background and it matched what was in the restaurant so we were at the right place. No worries guys, I am extremely helpful: I completely forgot to take a picture of the front of the restaurant. But also no worries, it's the ONLY Chinese restaurant in that plaza! And I also believe it has the word "CHINESE" on their sign after all the Chinese characters.  Anywho, we went for dinner and it was kind of empty, which is sort of weird. You know how when a restaurant is empty during the peak hours of dinner, it's a bad sign. But we walked right in anyways because we have to try their SPICY WILD MUSHROOM HOT POT that I've been seeing so much on this page. I just gotta try it! The hostess was very friendly. Asked if we wanted tea or water. We opted for both and she didn't even blink and eye and got it for us. After much decisions, we ended up going for the Spicy Wild Mushroom Hot Pot (of course) and the Lamb with Cumin Sauce. At first we weren't sure if we had to order rice or not but rice auto came with our meals. There are three spiciness levels from 1 to 3, 3 being the spiciest. My friend and I LOVE spicy stuff so we choose 3 for both of our dishes. We figured, hey, why not. Let's enjoy our meal now and we'll deal with the bathroom portion of it later if our stomachs did not agree. Spicy Wild Mushroom Hot Pot? Yelpers definitely don't steer you wrong. It tasted AMAZING. It wasn't bland because they had strips of pork in it to give it some flavor. The spicy peppers add a kick to it as well. It is definitely something you should order and try if you like mushrooms. As for the Lamb with Cumin? It was good too! Though the pieces of lamb kind of bunched up together because they probably used sliced shabu shabu style lamb. The only problem I had with these dishes was that it was SUPER oily towards the bottom of the dish. But it was SO GOOD. We ate some of the peppers too and they were SPICY. You know how in some dishes, it'll say "Jalapeno ____" and you eat the supposed jalapeno and it's not spicy at all? You won't have a problem here. But be sure you can handle it. Oh, remember how I said the rice was auto'd into our meals? It was also auto'd into our bill. Rice is $0.60 per person. Which isn't bad at all cause we took some of the food home and there was a good portion of the rice that we took home as well. I would definitely come back to get their mushroom hot pot and to try more dishes :)
5	This food is very authentic, very fresh and VERY and I mean VERY spicy. I really appreciate how respectful they are and how fast their service is. I definitely recommend this place for anyone who wants to experience spicy food as it is in China.  Prices are very reasonable for what you get.
5	Tucked into a dead strip mall off of Decatur, just far enough from the Chinatown strip to be both convenient and inconvenient at the same time, they are serving up awesome Hunan food here.You want spicy?  Hello sweaty time.  Authentic dishes, very reasonable prices, and really friendly people.  I really hope this location works for them, because it's never that busy in here.  They are just far enough away from the hustle of Chinatown that they'll miss out on some business, but at the same time, it's quite obvious that everyone in here knows each other, and the wait staff is sure to recognize you if you are a repeat customer, which you should be.  All dishes I've had here are great, from lamb dry pot, to mushroom/pork, and boiled beef/tofu dishes.  All cheap, and large quantity.It's a cozy place in a good way, nice decor, and they do take away orders, which is alway good.
2	Eh. Not my favorite. Went for lunch and only had 30 min. Older lady was there and didn't speak very good English. Chinglish is more like it. Food was mediocre. Not appetizing. They should try harder. Oh and our server was picking her nose. Yum!
4	A good chines restaurant in Vegas. Food is good and service is nice. However the fish head is not that good, I think maybe because the fish is not so fresh. But I might be too picky, it's in the desert after all...
5	This place is THE BEST!  When we found two busloads of Chinese tourists in here eating, we knew we were in the right place.  However, I was concerned about how long we would need to wait for our food given the volume of business at the time.  It turned out that we did not have to wait for long at all.  All the dishes were authentic Hunan.  While eating, my husband said that if we could nail reasonable airfare in the future, we would come back for another meal.  We were not fans of Vegas and still aren't, but this place makes Sin City appear a lot more palatable (in every sense of the word) than it used to be.
5	The food was great! True authentic Chinese food is just how I like it! My favorite dish would have to be the Fish for it's authentic flavors and to cleanse my palette I had some Green Tea
1	Let me just make it short as I know most of the people reading reviews just want to know real facts about the place.   Today is our first time visit this restaurant.  As we (4 of us) sat down the first thing we noticed the sticky table.   So we had the waiter come over clean the table one more time.  We ordered 6 dishes as we were excited to try all the popular dishes.  The end result was such a disaster.    Everything taste extreme salty and oily.   The entire experience was awful.   The owner also try to sell some dishes is not on the Manu also without inform us about the price.  She recommended us a chicken dish all we got was broken end pieces with crash bone!  The presentation was like someone s leftover.  It's salty with no flavor!!  We are Chinese and we know what is good Chinese food.   This place feel dirty and definitely is not good Chinese food!  It's terrible!! We will never go there ever again!!   Sorry it's this bad!
5	It's your average Chinese restaurant interior, nothing special and nothing fancy in decor. In fact they use plastic table setting. It's a family owned business and the dad I believe is the chef and the mom runs the business with her two sons whom take the orders. The mom is very sweet and personable, hands on and interactive. She'll even advise you if you ordered too much, which is a rarity in Chinese venues! Ha! The menu does not have pictures so if you have never been to this type of cuisine before it'll be hard for you to order. I would recommend going off by the pics on the wall or asking the owner for assistance. I ordered stir fry pork and pepper very traditional in "Xiang" cuisine. I'll always order the Duo Jiao pepper fish which is typically steam fish in a  pepper broth but I requested to have a whole fish instead of just the head. Both dishes were authentic in flavor, you will sweat and your sinuses will be cleared! The fish is amazing here, it's just a whirlwind of flavors so impactive and immediate when you take each bite. I recommend drinking tea to mellow out the spiciness and not water.
3	Their food always expensive compare to the other Chinese food. Especially they don't have fresh live seafood to sell. Their carpet so stink that I am so gross out. I think they should change the carpet.. The booth is not comfortable at all. When I arrive, it was hot and bright. I requested to be seated very close to TV. They said no. Those table weren't occupied! I always did like the spicy fish head and tofu bean curd. I understand that u can't provide better customer service, but owner was so nice to the tourist from China and ignore the locals who is in Vegas that constantly visit their restaurant!!!
4	Fast service, reasonable price , authentic Chinese food, but sometimes too salty and greasy for some food.I only go there once a while. One of the most popular veggie dishes is eggplant with green bean.
5	The last time I ate here was four years ago. I don't like Las Vegas at all but it's almost worth the trip just to go to this resto. The food is amazingily good. The owners spoke very little English then, I'm sure it's better by now, but the service and the FOOD  so good that we still think about it four years later. We took the mother in law who is from the panhandle of Texas and she was completely blown away by the grub.You people who bitch about not getting your tea fast enough or sticky tables or food too spicy a should just continue to go to Mac D's and KFC and stay out of restos that you can't comprehend.
2	I read the reviews on Yelp, and I was eager to try this place. I asked my friend who had previously went to this place how it was. She said it was okay and nothing would be awesome because she's from China. So, I decided to try this place because I was in an Asian mood. First of all, the location was not too difficult to find. It is in the same plaza as Jinya Ramen.  My friend had already been sitting there, and we chatted so we were not ready when the waitress asked us if we were ready to order. We ordered the chicken gizzards with pickled radish, lamb with cumin, pork tongue, some fish. Now, the meat entrees all tasted and looked exactly the same. It was as though they just changed the meat. The entrees had bell peppers, cumin, and just all in all tasted the same. We really wanted fish and tofu, so we asked them if they had any dishes like that. They told us they could add tofu to the fish, but it would take about 20 minutes. We were fine with that. Our fish came out, and they asked the table behind us if that fish was theirs. The couple said no, and they brought out our fish to the table.  Later on, they said they made a mistake. They brought out another fish without tofu, and gave it to us. My friend told them. We wanted tofu. They said oh we gave it to the wrong table. Uh... How is that our fault. We specifically wanted fish and tofu. The owner agreed to bring out a new dish with tofu in it. The fish tasted really good. It was really soft and delicious as well as the tofu.  The fish was my favorite part of the meal. They do get quite a few tour buses. We were sitting there eating, and the owner would receive a phone call every so often telling them how many people the tour guide was bringing. I guess they get a lot of business from that. I prefer Yunan Garden way more!
