4	I prefer the Saint Denis location which, although darker, has a better ambiance.My suggestion - go with friends and share a fondue so you get some fruit. Order either an alcoholic chocolate drink (i highly recommend the  raspberry ruby - melting sherbet in hot chocolate is purrfect...), a crepe or a brownie. Their smoothies are also very good, but not the best choice of an outstanding menu. The Fleur de Sel brownie makes you roll your eyes. Leave the balsamic brownie unless you KNOW you'll like it - the taste is interesting, but sort of counteracts the whole chocolate craze.If you're just walking by - the truffles are a great backpack snack well worth the money.
3	This location is not a nice as the Saint Denis location, but the food is pretty much the same. Chocolate Chocolate and more Chocolate, if you go you must try the chocolate port, port and chocolate go so well together.
5	Absolutely delicious chocolate fondue.... Nuff' said!
4	I've spent a lot of time at this Chocolate Cafe.Free wifi and chocolate, you can be entertained for hours!I used to drive out here because I didn't like the location on Saint Denis.Too many students and bad service.Well, this location had fewer students.This place is great to take a date or friends visiting from out of town!I used to always get the hot chocolate with ice cream (insert the fancy French name here) and the salted caramel brownie (insert the fancy French name here).Pear and dulce de leche crepes,  fondue is fantastic!Flambe crepes... a bit more booze than crepe.. but you are in Montreal after all!They even have salad with chocolate dressing!There are a lot of things I'll eat chocolate off of, but lettuce isn't one of them.Great dessert place though :)
5	The Fleur de Sel brownie at Juliette was by far one of the finest I've ever had.  The jamaican coffee -- a mixture of rum, cointreau, and espresso, topped with whipped cream, was equally delicious.  Topped off with a smartly and tastefully appointed dining room (despite being the holiday season with all the associated hazards of tawdriness) and excellent waitstaff, the experience has me yearning for more.  It is expensive, but worth the indulgence if you have the money.
5	I am not sure if this is a reference to Shakespeare's Juliet--any girl will tell you that chocolate beats a man anyday, so I am happy if Juliet traded Romeo in for some cacao-- but who cares? Because the moral of the story is all I want is chocolate.I step in to the warm, comforting  smell of melting chocolate and a cheerful skinny waitress, who obviously doesn't sample the goods, greets me, "Bonjour! BlahzeBlahzeblah!" (I am not so fluent in ze French.)I order a crepe flambe with pears smothered in melted chocolate and two scoops of vanilla icecream. (You may drool here.) When it arrives, I am jealous of me. The bitterness of the alcohol is nicely combated by a hearty spoonful of sweet chocolate...leaving me with both a chocolate high and a good buzz.------Such was my first visit to Juliette. On a subsequent visit, I had the Bittersweet chocolate crepe, which was so light and so delicious that I had to follow it up with their Molten chocolate cake. Truly a luxurious decadent dessert. Feels like you're getting a pedicure while you're sitting in a bubble bath drinking pink champagne...
3	As a true chocolate fiend, I come here often, as Laurier is much better than the St Denis location. I will say though that the SERVICE IS SO BAD that I've actually left no tip more than once.  I endure for the chocolate, which is delicious.
5	If you consider yourself a chocoholic, this is the place for you. The whole menu has a variety of options, including sweet and savoury. The savoury side consists of crepes and salads, while the sweet side consists of things like brownies, crepes, ice cream, pastries, chocolate drinks and liqueurs. I ordered the ivoire brownie, which is one of the best things I've ever had. It's a brownie made with white chocolate and coconut, and is really delicious. Highly recommended! In addition, their crepes and chocolate liqueurs are amazing as well.I went to the location on St. Denis, and it was packed. If you don't mind waiting for up to an hour to get a seat, then go to that location. I am not sure about how busy it is at the other locations in the city, as I was visiting Montreal from Toronto and a friend introduced me to this place.It was well worth the wait though, the food is amazing and the atmosphere of the place is cozy and inviting. I'd definitely return.
5	So decadent, smooth, rich...hot chocolate here cannot be put into words
5	The best molten chocolate cake I've ever had, I had here. Super soft cake, gooey molten center, and covered with a caramel glaze. FOODGASM!
1	Love the chocolate but the service was so bad I will never go back.  It took 2 hours to get out of there and it was not even crowded.  They lost a few customers that day.
4	If you know any children, bring them here. They will love you forever. If you dont know any children, bring your adult friends...especially girls.. Everyone likes chocolate.
4	Great stop for a late night desert!  After a delicious dinner at Laurier Gordon Ramsey next door we stopped at Juliette et Chocolate for desert.  The wait was long but worth it.  During our last visit to Montreal we went to the sister location on St. Laurent.  The Laurier location is the same in terms of food quality just a bit "fancier" spot with newer decor.  I would strongly recommend the molten chocolate cake with carmel topping.  For chocolate fans that have been to Angelina in Paris, this feels like a scaled down version of that over the top choclate stop and well worth the visit.
4	Good decor and view but not a chocolate fan. Not sure what grandma style hot chocolate is even after ordering. Girlfriend liked it though
4	Chocolate Lovers unite! My out of town guests and I decided that calories were of no consequences this weekend, and I brought them to one of my favourite dessert places (my friends are die-hard chocolate lovers). Tonight we each got something and shared it.  We had the Chocolate fondue, The intense chocolate brownie, and the Medley with Fleur de sel caramel. I'm addicted to caramel with sea salt, it's my freakin' kryptonite, throw in a brownie and a scoop of ice cream, I died a little bit (literally cause I should know better as slightly lactose intolerant) but it was worth every bite. They actual got a couple of hot chocolates to help wash the chocolate down, I realized I just couldn't do it. They were so impressed by the place and the selection. Finally the handmade chocolate pieces (my favourite the peanut butter and jam) we purchased a couple of pieces to take out even though I couldn't hear the word chocolate without feeling a bit of sugar high mixed with oh-my-god we're crazy. The only issue about the area is the street parking isn't exactly plentiful and the construction around it doesn't help either.
5	Just as the stars say... As good as it gets! The chocolates were beautiful & delicious! The best part? Other than the cute servers, great waitresses, cute chairs and delectable treats... It wasn't over priced! Such a lovely experience.
4	Awesome deserts with a large desert menu. Savory crepes are pretty good themselves. Service is decent when they are not to busy otherwise you can end up waiting a bit for everything. The hot chocolates are awesome and how hot chocolate should be. Try one grandma style, thick, rich and creamy. Worth checking out if your in mile end or outremont.
4	Mmmmm! The Giandula and Lime Mousse cake was rather divine... 2 tier chocolate mousse with a subtle crunchy praline base, with a surprise lime jelly center... was so good! Not overly sweet, which was a concern with most intense chocolate-y things but this was a perfect dessert (after a full meal somewhere else!). Had a Cafe Au Lait - which was pretty standard, nothing to complain about there. They have an english menu which made things A LOT easier, and the venue we went to in Laurier was sooo soo pretty! Beautiful ambience. My total was about $11, so I wouldnt be doing this every day but definitely worth a visit if you're in Montreal!
3	This place was great for a late Sunday night outing for dessert.  If you like chocolate, you will be in heaven.  i thought it was a little over the top.  i ordered profiteroles, which I find are always served with a small pitcher of good chocolate to pour on top.  These profiteroles were literally drenched in a pool of chocolate that had the consistency of magic shell mixed with cement.  Seriously, the stuff got stuck to my fork and would not come off, and I could not eat it off.  it was rock hard and made eating a little annoying.   Have you ever eaten with a cement-dipped fork? if so, you know what I'm talking about.  BF's nutella crepe was much better, and understated.  We each had a hot chocolate as well, the spicy hot chocolate was not good-over the top spiciness that completely took away from any chocolate flavor.  wish i had tried something else, I may have liked it better than what i ordered, but it was fun to see so much chocolate on one menu!
4	This is one of those times when I wish there were two different ratings, one for service and one for food. The food is awesome. I've been to this location several times and everything I have ever had has been amazing. Granted, you have to like chocolate, but if you do, heaven! This visit I Le Medley Fleur de Sel, that consisted of a scoop of vanilla ice cream atop an intense brownie, served with a little pot of caramel sauce to drizzle. So good! And the perfect portion too, not so large that I felt sick, but enough to feel satisfied.  My companions had a Grand crus hot chocolate, a fancy cocktail, and a crepe.  Everyone was quite happy with their choices.The service though . . . terrible. Pleasant staff when you can catch them, but they always seemed to be busy doing something else. It didn't seem to be for lack of staff, there seemed to be many employees working. We came in and waited what felt like a really long time to be seated, while there were many empty tables. A quick "hello, we'll be with you shortly" would have gone a long way instead of feeling ignored. Same thing once we were seated, friendly when someone was with us, but we sat for long periods of time waiting, whether it be to give our orders, or to get our bills and pay.  It was such a strange feeling.We had brought an out of town guest with us, to show her something uniquely Montreal, and it didn't disappoint.  I love the Laurier location, for the high ceiling and big windows, very pretty.  The price is right too, when you compare how expensive a fancy drink at a bar can get.  This is an occasional indulgence, so quite fine.  Our guest's immediate reaction upon leaving: "Was the service ever bad!  Is that common in Montreal?".  But the next day, all that remained was the memory of a delicious experience, so all's well that ends well.  So four stars it is!
5	Great coffee and breakfast. Very unexpected in quality.
5	Another location from my BEB 2013 journey!I hate Chocolate...Im just not a dessert kind of guy...especially anything chocolate. Id rather eat a fruity type of thing as a dessert. Im one of those guys who would rather save his stomach space for the main entree than consuming something sweet and sugary.So why am I giving a chocolate/dessert place 5 stars?This place made me a believer and lover of chocolate! Ever had that feeling or urge of wanting to convert someone to liking a certain something? (In my case it was chocolate).This place...geeze...where do I even begin? Let me put it this way: THIS PLACE HAS AWESOME CHOCOLATE! From the decor...to the presentation...to the creation...to the items placed in the freezer! Everything about this place was awesome! I was so against ordering something because I knew I didnt like dessert and that I didnt like chocolate. When the order came and I saw the presentation on the plate, my mind began be grow curious. Eventually, I had the weirdest urge and sensation and wanting to try it! So...I did. After one bite in...the doors were open and I was converted!If your ever in the area...and have any sort of appreciation for chocolate...or if your just looking for something sweet...this place is your jam!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
5	Look, there is only one thing on the menu: chocolate. If you share my love, that's all you need to know. But once you walk into this restaurant, you will understand that what you previously understood could be done with chocolate was just child's play. Pass through Juliette and Chocolate's doors, and you have walked into the ranks of the MLC -- Major League Chocolatiers.While everything contains chocolate in some way, the menu is amazingly extensive, and incorporates so many different elements that a trip to their website is recommended, as I cannot describe them all here. We only ordered one item which we split, the Trifle, at first glance was a tall coffee mug with layers of whipped cream and brownie. On the side, melted dark chocolate (no sweetener added) was served in a small pitcher. Poured on top, the sweetness of the cream and brownie bites enhanced the chocolate, while the unsweetened chocolate tempered the sugariness of the Trifle. Just an amazing presentation and wonderful dish. I need to go back and try everything in this place.
1	Worst crepes I've ever had. Unless you like eating cardboard, I have to advise against Juliette et Chocolate. We ordered 3 savory crepes, all of which were terrible. They were almost empty and had no flavor. Had been planning on ordering sweet crepes, too, but we left after eating just a few bites to have dinner elsewhere. These were by far the worst crepes we've ever had.
1	We went there with friends. The service was very poor. They brought the wrong dessert for my friend and the hot chocolate that I ordered turned to gel in no time. My husband ordered a spicy chocolate drink. The spice was listed as cinnamon, etc. which sounded good but it was really awful.At the end, they practically asked us to hurry because others were waiting to sit down. I will not go back.
2	Came here for the first time today after having dinner near by and was not impressed. I have already been to the one on St. Laurent or in Brossard so expected big things. I was fairly disappointed. I ordered the "youngster's bowl' ice cream which was very disappointing. I usually order a brownie when when i visit the other locations but thought i would change it up and wish i hadn't. There was more whipped cream than ice cream (above and below the ice cream). The vanilla tasted slightly freezer burnt. My friend ordered the caramel brownie and said it wasn't as good as usual. Something about watching the waitress take it out of the microwave and bring it straight to your table, kind of alleviates the charm. I think i will stick to the other locations next time.
2	Chocolate: good. Service: horrible.  And there are plenty of other amazing desserts around Montreal.We've been to many establishments in Montreal where the staff really put in an effort.  This was the opposite.  There had to be at least four wait staff there, but after being seated, we waited for 15 minutes for an opportunity to order, before giving up and getting something to go from the counter.  And even then, we waited five minutes to pay for it.  The table next to us came in just after us and they were still waiting to order when we left.  I don't know what the staff were doing, but it sure didn't appear to be waiting on the customers.  It's not like they were so busy and it was 10:00pm.
5	Uncompromised quality service, good atmosphere good food. Additionally, the wife is always happy when we come here and you know what they say: "A happy wife is a happy husband". It's hard to find parking on the weekends though so have that in mind when you come.
4	Nice place to park yourself while shopping. Excellent tiramisu and coffee and free wifi. Can't beat that.
2	Charging customers for decaf coffee or requesting to have same type of ice cream on your Profiteroles is a bad practice to keep faithful clientele.
