1	It was time for an oil change, and I've received coupons advertising Purrfect Auto Service in the past, with an unbelievable price of $9.95.  On this date, I didn't have a coupon, because I've driven past the business in the past, and they advertise the $9.95 price on two sides of their business building.  I walked into the store, and asked for the $9.95 oil change.  The first thing that the cashier said was that I had to have a coupon for that deal.  I briefly pointed out that the price is ADVERTISED on their building in two places, but it was to no avail.  I must have looked confused and frustrated, because the cashier asked, "What kind of car do you drive?" I told him "Saturn Ion", and was told "Oh even with the coupon, we wouldn't do that price for that car."  I guess this was supposed to make me feel better.  It didn't. Then, I boldly went to the question that hardly mattered at this point, because I wasn't going to reward these guys for deceptive advertising: "What does an oil change cost for my car?"  He said "$29.95".  I muttered/stuttered, and headed for the door.I have no idea what kind of car qualifies for the $9.95 oil change. If you have the time, stop by and find out.  Bring $29.95 plus tax if you actually expect your oil changed.
1	If I could give a negative star I would. They Will cheat u for your money and won't fix the problem directly. I had a check engine light they "fixed" the problem that was extremely expensive. 2 months later I had to go back for the same problem which they never fixed in the first place. The manager forces the employees to do wrong so that She can make money off the costumer.
1	I wish I could give less than a 1 star review! The manager mark assured me that they could do muffler work on my car. I waited in the shop for 4 hours for a 30 minute job, the "welder" ended up not coming in. He apologizes, tells me to bring it back and they'll comp the work for me. I drop it off a few days later, it is there THE ENTIRE day, about 10 hour. At about 8 hours he calls me to let me know they're starting on it. So I come in 15 minutes before they close...the car wasn't touched the entire day! He apologizes again, and even has the nerve to tell me that's not how they do business. I was naive, wanting the job comped. So I call again to see if their "welder" will be in. He calls me back and says bring the car in, that they can do it. I bring the car in at 1pm...come back at 430 to check on it...not touched. I wait until they close at 6, Mark tells me they can't get it done today and apologizes again and says that's not how they do business. Well that's how they DO do business. Will never go back again!
5	Always pleased with there service and Mark has changed my view of mechanic shops. Excellent service.
4	i went in for an oil change and there was one car ahead of me in line. I waited around about 15 minutes before they got to my car. The shop is your typical oil change place. nothing spectacular but decent. The staff was friendly and helpful.After about another 15-20 minutes my car was ready. The place is about 5 minutes from where I live so I'll definitely be going back
5	I have been coming to this location for a few years now. I always get great customer service and I always leave with a great feeling of knowing my car was taken care of the right way. Mark the manager is a straight shooter and never gives you the feeling that you are being taken advantage of.
1	Twice I been here and all I felt was someone trying to rip me off. One time, a manager even took me in a room and try to up sell me services that I didn't. I guess it could be my fault for acting like I don't know anything about cars?My wife has a dodge caliber (tiny little car) and the first time she had her oil change for 29.95 plus tax (even thou she has a coupon for 9.99). A week later she found out that she ran out of oil for they didn't close the oil pan properly. A year later we gave it another try, she brought a 10 dollar coupon for an oil change and they tried to quote her 45 dollars for she needed it (as per mechanic) thou the car has recently been at the dodge repair for its daily maintenance look see.  She walked away immediately frustrated. The shop next to this location is actually a 5 star for the independent owner is honest.Don't go in here if don't have time to listen to retards thinking they know something over you.
1	Yea, they told me my fuel filter needs to get changed. So i agreed to go ahead and change it. A week later my engine light goes off and smells like gas while driving. I took it to my dealership and they said its an o ring on my fuel filter. So never again will i go to this place.
5	I don't agree with the low star rating on here. I took my truck here because I needed to pass a smog and they let me know all the things I needed to take care of, but let me know which were smog related and which were not. I felt like these were very honest guys. I will be going here for everything from now on
1	So I stopped in for a quick smog check... Then they came back with this list of things that need to be fixed on my car and on that list was my timing belt! I laughed at the guy and said that was funny since I had just had my timing belt changed 2 weeks prior and the after that his only concern was why didn't I come there and how much I paid.  I wasn't really thinking and told him that I had paid $670 and then he told me that he would have only charged me $570 BS!  They are a bunch of crooks there and thought since I am a women that they could pull one on me
1	DO NOT COME HERE! They are a bunch of scammers! I went in for a simple oil change and was given a list of things that need replacing (all of which I'm well aware of & have had NO problems with) I declined the managers offer to fix it for a low prices and he persistently told me my car would overheat and damage my engine if i did not get the suggested replacements... Long story short, the next day my car overheated & is now having problems starting! My check engine light popped on which has NEVER happened and I do believe they altered my car so I'd return to get my car fixed at a "low price." Please, don't bring your car here. A $25 oil change is now going to cost me hundreds in repairs.
5	Took my car in today ( labor day ) and found the shop a little busy. Needed an oil change and it only was $ 19.99, cheaper than I could have done it myself.Left and about 5 miles later car started to smoke from the engine compartment, they left the oil cap off. Took it back and they did make good. Redid the oil change, cleaned the engine and since my girlfriend lost money from her cleaning company, gave us a gift certificate. Well done Mark way to treat the customer well.
1	Do NOT come here! ***SCAM***1)Girl at the front was rude & unknowledagble. Didn't understand that my car needs synthetic oil.2)Guy comes back & gives me a list of things he recommends that brings up my normal oil change to $100.  My car is brand new not even a year old!!! Yes I'm a young girl with a brand new car, but I am not ignorant! Stop trying to SCAM people!!!!Update**** next day my low tire pressure light comes on.... Wow if I could give 0 stars I would.
