4	This is the Charlotte version of Bikram Yoga.  For those hardcore Bikramites you will be a bit disappointed.  However as a fellow traveler it is nice to find a Bikram.  The class is a bit chatty and more emphasis is placed on form than function.  The heat is a bit uneven and around 105 on a good day.  The teachers are great, though you have to remember you are in Charlotte where no one wants a military commander barking commands.  But over all the place is a nice getaway from a long day.  The place is clean and well decorated. There is always a perfect amount of incense in the air and everyone is sincerely glad you are there.  The bathrooms and showers are clean and well kept.  Changing area is a bit small but workable.This is not your mother's Bikram Yoga.  They offer many different types of non-BK yoga.  Being in the south it seems they enjoy a more laid back approach.I give it a solid four stars. Add a 600am Bikram class and it will be a solid 5 star.
4	namaste... from what i understand, in order to teach bikram that's all you can teach...   in order to provide many different classes such as vinyasa, detox flow, yin, and various seasonal yoga classes...  this studio could not specifically call themselves a charlotte bikram studio... i may be wrong though... those instructors including the owner that teach the bikram style are in fact bikram certified... a bikram certified teacher teaches bikram and cannot say they teach bikram unless they are certified... so says bikram...   this review is for those that want to explore bikram with the ability to expand their practice into a more fluid and graceful practice...  bikram was my thing when i started off in 2005... as i dedicated more time to my practice i turned more toward vinyasa and a more fluid approach... the yoga oasis provided for this foundation... the other classes mentioned above and the instructors that teach these classes are top notch... there is no pressure for perfect poses... yoga practice rather than yoga perfect is the 'mat' standard... there are always options provided for each asana and flow sequence depending on where you are in your practice... instructors will break down sequences... are always available after class for questions, comments, and feedback... always open for suggestions... this yoga studio is friendly... interested in your well being...  and always clean... the best in charlotte...
3	This studio is better overall compared to other Bikrams I've experienced in VA, PA and Boston.  The teachers are about average compared to other Bikram teachers.  The lounge area is too small for more than 5 people to congregate/socialize.  As with most Bikram studios, the heat is very inconsistent and very uncomfortable on many occasions.  This studio applies heat by forced draft.  There were many times when the air was so dry that the sweat dried immediately to my skin.  The instructors are kind for the most part (aside from getting berated for drinking too much water in the "front row"), but are not very motivational.  And as with most Bikram studios, you are not free to adjust the pose as you deem fit.  There is the Bikram way and no other way.  Compared to other yoga studios in Charlotte, this studio would receive 2 stars.
4	I've attended a couple of bikram classes here with the recommendation of a friend that has been attending for over 2 years now.Everyone here is SUPER friendly and laid back and relaxed.  I like how the instructors know that everyone is at different levels and the instruction in the classes are super detailed (no matter how many different levels of experienced people are in attendance).Now, I'm not bikram expert... but I've definitely enjoyed the experiences here and also the challenge of the heated room.  I tend to get to class early so I can stake a spot (not underneath a heater) so I don't get too woozy during class, but the heat does really help with stretching and loosening of muscles.  Last class I grossed myself out a bit since there was a pool of my own sweat on my mat (I need to get a bigger towel).I've also attended a non-bikram class here and it was good.  Though I am not a fan of the "downward dog" pose.... it's good to know this studio offers more than bikram because I can understand why bikram is not for everyone.I can't speak for the ladies changing area, but the guys area has 2 showers and cubbies to place your stuff in.  The studio is kept super clean, though a little tight in some areas - it's a good size.
5	I travel all over and this is a great studio!  Largest room I have ever been in for Bikram, changing and other facilities are awesome.  Little light on the accessory rental options like mats and towels which makes it tough for travellers.  The owner and 2 other instructors I have had there are great, demoing poses and talking in detail about others.  If you want a Bikram experience in CLT then this is a good studio and I couldn't find any other true Bikram options.
4	Very good studio if you are looking for bikram or yin! The instructors are all bikram certified. I haven't found another in charlotte that is! Elaine is wonderful and she really guides you if you are new to yoga as my daughter and i are. The only con is the hours could be a better, not very extensive class schedule. Thats why i gave them 4 stars. But i have taken a few classes there and have to say i really like it.
4	I am relatively new to yoga, so I cannot comment on the Birkam yoga  specifically.  But what I can tell you is that the two long deep stretch classes I took have been great.  The instructors, who also run the front desk are very welcoming and friendly.  On my first visit I was given a brief tour and felt very comfortable - the instructor did this even though she was running the front desk.  Very nice and my hips were very loose afterwards!
5	I crossfit and sometimes I get sore muscles. I decided to attend a Hot Yoga class to stretch out my sore muscles.  I have no experience with a yoga as a side note.  I was a bit tardy, but jumped right in anyway.  The instructors directions were easy to follow and there was reasonable space in the room. The facility is clean and non intimidating.  The room was blazin (hence "HotYoga) so I was drenched.  My thigh muscles evened out very well during the session, and I discovered my shoulders are a bit tight. I was able to work on that as well. All in all, I was pleased with the facility and the class.  This was a great experience. I would recommend the novice or beginner use this facility. I will definitely return on a weekly basis.  My muscles feel absolutely great.
4	This is the spot in the Queen City for hot yoga.  I'm generally not a fan of hot yoga because I believe heat should be gained internally by breath throughout your practice. Not forced. However, I feel the instructors here are very well educated on heat and what the body can take and cater their sequences accordingly. All levels friendly and the rates are as good as it gets. No heat headaches for me from here. You come out feeling greatly detoxed.
5	I visited The Yoga Oasis (TYO) for the first time in at least 7 years today. I used to live in Madison Park (totally miss it, btw), so TYO was super close back then. Also, I knew someone who taught there. I live in another part of town now, and I took a very long break from yoga in general. I was annoyed by the offerings in Charlotte and found that yoga wasn't the best thing for my body during that time. I recently decided to try yoga again. After a poor experience last weekend at another studio, I decided to return to Old Faithful.I am so glad I went back. I did the Yin Yoga class with Elaine, whom I remember from back in the day. It was wonderful and relaxing--yet challenging--so I was definitely not bored. I knew it was time to limber up because I had been experiencing lower back tightness and foot pain. This deep, long stretch class was just the thing I needed. I left feeling supremely calm and my body soothed. I'm going to make weekend classes (and maybe some weekday evening ones) a habit. I'm willing to drive out of my way a bit for the relaxing atmosphere, challenging classes, great prices, and quality instruction.
5	I love this yoga studio! When trying to get my boyfriend into yoga, I brought him here to start out. The instructors were so helpful and now he's an avid yogi! I've tried other hot yoga studios in Charlotte and this one is hands down the best!
5	Namaste!!  I love this place!  Great classes, great instructors yes!  Bikram has always been my favorite yoga style but this is bikram PLUS!  I have only taken the hot yoga classes so maybe I'm bias but that's all i need :-).  Lee is an amazing teacher who gives clear direction and assists with adjustments and even offers feedback which I love. This is a great environment for first time yogis and experienced ones.  The owners trained in NYC with yoga to thePeople which is an amazing place where you find a similar no judgement atmosphere which is great and the classes in my experience aren't super packed which is great too.They have a changing area with showers which is great and well maintained.I do hope they offer a teacher training soon as this would be the perfect place for me to deepen my practice
