1	With the new low prices comes cheaper ingredients. The flavor is NASTY! When I asked for my money back, they gave me attitude from someone named Parland
5	We just went and got one of the new $7.99 pizzas-after reading the other review-I thought well it might be the last.OMG-we loved it and we will do it again.  We all thought it was great!
1	Dominos.com says the store is open until 11 o'clock. I called at 10:45, waiting on hold for 15 minutes, and nobody picked up. What gives? Also, the website won't let you place an online order if you live in Tortosa. Yet they will deliver when you call. This is been an issue for years, and I've asked them to fix it several times. Their only solution is to have you place a take-out order online, and then call them and have them change it to a delivery order.
3	I love the sandwiches here.  I don't think I've ever ordered the pizza.  My order is always correct and ready when I arrive.There is no dine in option.  Carry out and delivery only.
2	THE second worst-tasting pizza I've ever had, the first being Basha's deli pizza which actually made me sick. The only reason I didn't give it one star is that I managed not to vomit after eating a slice!
1	Bad serviceAfter 20 minutes trying to order 2 pizzas off of the Dominos' website. Every time I tried to make my order it would reset and make me start again. I called the manager of the store to tell him about the website. His reply to my complant was basiclly what ever. I have 3 hungry kids screeming for pizza and no sorry or comp. anything.There are a lot of places to eat and pizza (fast food) shouldn't be this hard.
5	Dominoes has always provided great food and service! Orders are always correct. And the employees are friendly. We love you!
5	Tried every pizza place in Maricopa for delivery and Dominos is the only one that comes hot and always right.  One time I forgot sauce and they called to make sure that was what we wanted.  Never longer wait than 25 minutes.
5	This isn't a 5-star restaurant by any means but definitely best bang for the buck out there. Of course you're limited by your (bad) pizza ordering habits and the pizza is a good as your combinations. A medium BBQ chicken pizza with roasted red peppers, Hawaiian Volcano and must-have Hot Buffalo Specialty chicken for $6 each!? Yeessss!I've not been Domino's biggest fan in the past but their new taste is genuinely the best in the bargain pizza biz and they have consistently over the past year got each and every order correct and on-time (many times slightly early).Carryout is the best option as they have everything ready w/i 10 or 12 minutes and the staff in-store are fantastic. Save yourself the money for delivery and leave a small tip instead :-) The only thing that would be better is if I knew someone that worked there so I could eat this pizza (and their specialty chicken) for free!
