5	I love the bar at this restaurant. Even though its still a part of bogeys it has a whole different ambiance.  It has really great steaks and wine pairings.  If you want something a little bit different in the North West valley give it a try.
3	You enter from a porte cochere-like covering. In the foyer there's a hostess to direct you to either the bar (Bogey's) or seat you in the Onyx restaurant. I had the Aragosta di Salmone ($27). The description begins, "Salmon and Lobster pair delectably well" but the only lobster you get is in the bisque that drowns the entire salmon steak. The bisque was really good, but it was very tomato forward and not very lobster. Plus I really enjoy salmon and i like the fish to speak for itself. I think the dish would have been better off if the bisque were a a mist; not a waterfall. But that's just my personal take on how I like salmon. Doesn't mean the dish was bad. My mom had the Pork Loin Chops ($20) and my bf had the Rib Eye ($27). They also had Osso Bucco ($37) and Cioppino ($35). I'd give this place a higher rating if the prices were slightly lower. After a salad,  three entrees, two glasses of wine, and a desert, our bill was $109 before tip. This place is kind of old Vegas. We went on a Wednesday night and there was a female lounge singer singing old Billie Holiday jams and such on a small stage in the corner. She had a great voice, but the setting was kind of inappropriate. I think if you're to have live entertainment in a low key restaurant, there should be more upholstery everywhere to dither out the sound. Otherwise, the sound is too direct. The singer was a sweet heart, though. She interacted with the audience and half the crowd there seemed like locals. They also had a free raffle for a gift certificate for Onyx. It's a nice gesture, but kind of corny for a place that serves salmon for $27. I thought the color palette of the decor was kind of schitzophrenic, too. The ladies bathroom was huge, though. For a space you could fit two stalls and a sink in, it was a private bathroom. One john, one sink, and a chill out seat, all to yourself. There's about twelve tables and booths and a bar. It's a pretty small space, but seems large because it's a perfect rectangle, unbroken up. There's also a bar that seats about eight. The place was at about 40% capacity when we went. Pretty good for a wine and dine joint on a Wednesday night. Our server was immensely patient, professional, and gracious. My assessment in a nutshell is that I would go back if I didn't have to pay for it. The food was good, but beyond what I'd like to pay for that ambiance and meal.#offthestrip #noncasino
4	We wanted try a new steak house and my wife mentioned Onyx. Which we came, we ate and we loved it. I'll probably say, that there are a few things that I dislike, but the things I did like, was more of an impact than the dislikesLocated on Ann Road and close to the 95, its like a hidden steak house which looked really fancy. The building itself was built in a unique way, to stick out, once you drive in the parking lot. Upon entering, you have a choice to sit at the bar or a sitting in the restaurant. I think that's kind of clever to limit the noise from the bar and the restaurant. The restaurant doesn't seem that big, like other steak houses, but very roomy and very well decorated. We did go on a Wednesday night during dinner time, so it was kind of quiet and probably had 3 other families in the restaurant. We were escorted and sitted at a booth, which was nice and comfy. Looking around, it looks like they have live entertainment to perform here and there. What did bother me, was the slow service. Probably that it was Wednesday and they expected not to be busy, it was a bit unsettling in a way. I'm sure they probably have their reasons on why service was slow, but it would probably be better if they had help from the guy at the bar, who wasn't doing much, just to take some drink orders. It did take a while to get our food ordered as well. Wasn't really happy with that, but I'm sure they have their reasons. They were nice and all, but a bit slower than I'm use to.  What made it worth the wait was the food that kept coming. We did started off with the Skirt Steak which was really good. Presentation was nice and the sides with cheese and avocado made it very tasteful. After the Skirt Steak appetizer, our Fillet Mignon came in with our baked potato and veggies. Which were well cooked to our liking. The baked potato was nice, and soft. The Fillet Mignon was amazing and fulfilling. Since we got full from our steaks, we decided to split a cheesecake for dessert.  It was really good.  Overall, dinner was amazing.     If you don't mind the wait, then this is well recommended. The food presentation was elegant. The restaurant is very well kept in detailed. Sure enough, we'll probably come back for more.
4	Thanks to a sale at Restaurants.com my husband and I picked up a twenty five dollar gift certificate here for two bucks.  TWO!!! yeah a one two, dollars.  If you know me, and I make no qualms about it, I'm a real cheapskate.  Anyways, I had heard about this place a while back through Yelp because of some charity event held there.  While I didn't make it out to the event, the name stuck in the back of my head and when I saw it on the list on sale, I knew it was in my neighborhood.  This place seems to be suffering from an identity crisis, but the food was amazing.  The atmosphere is trying to be upscale, and the menu and prices reflect that but it's not quite all there.  I'll start with the good, the food.  The filet mignon was probably one of the best steaks I have ever had.  Thick, well cut, perfectly cooked the way I ordered it with a nice sauce to go with it.  I liked that it came with my choice of three starches and veggies.  We started with the skirt steak appetizer that came with some cheese and avocado pieces.  That was so tender I cut it with my butter knife.  We had martinis and mine came with a multicolored sugar rim which made a good drink fun.  Rounding out the meal was a large slice of strawberry cheesecake and a fresh cup of coffee, brewed just for me.The place is also very cute, although a bit small.  There are water features and a large fish tank near the bar.  The ladies room is also adorably decorated even though you have to walk through a storage hallway to get to it.Now to the bad.  The service was slow, it took over two hours to finish this meal.  Not that is was bad service, just quite slow.  Granted it was a Wednesday night and the lady had the entire room to herself without a bus person to help.  We were only allowed to order in rounds, and that made it go even slower.  This could be a good thing if you want to enjoy the company, but not so much if you just want to get your grub on.  Next not so great thing is, the table clothes don't seem to fit on the booths, by the end of the night I was dripping in sweat because I was wrapped up in it under the table, it was like having a blanket in my lap the whole time.  I tripped my feet in it and finally picked up the excess and tossed it on the bench.  Annoying yes, safety hazard, a big fat yes.  Skip the booths and ask for a table.    Back to the identity crisis, while it's a nice place I just couldn't get over the fact it is a windowless eatery in a bar.  It's not the kind of food you would expect from a bar, but still.  Overall it was a nice meal and the food is well worth the bit of confusion.  Dress up or down? Either is good.  Beer on tap or elegant bottles of wine?  You pick.  A romantic dinner with the miss or boys night out?  It could work for both.  Go, eat, and enjoy.
5	Cant say enough about this resturant.  Good food, GREAT customer care.   Michele Harris...shes' wonderful...hope when you go...she is there.
1	It took 30 minutes to get our appetizers after ordering them. Our food was cold, bland, and service was VERY slow. The food was also WAY overpriced for what it was and it was smokey inside the restaurant.
5	We have been to Onyx 3 times now and each time we were impressed. Our Rest.com coupon was $100 for $9!! Total bill for 7 was $236. minus 100 + 20% came to about $175.00. well worth it. My only critique would be that the pot roast is made with a packaged gravy. Packaged gravy is very salty and should be made by the sous chef. It only takes 10 minutes to make. One other thing is consistency. The first time we went we had shrimp in a very good lemon butter sauce. this time, no sauce. Dark Mon., Tue.
5	The onyx at Bogeys is an excellent place to eat. Pricey, but worth it. I took the wife and family of 6 there for mother's day and as usual, the food was excellent! The chef is one of the best I've seen. The filet Mignon falls apart in your mouth, and the garlic mashed are "to die for". We are eating there about once per week, now as they will be closing soon...your loss!
2	Watch out!  This place has undergone a SERIOUS change.  I decided to have a nice steak dinner.  I wanted something slightly upscale but local.  Of course I jumped on Yelp and went searching.  A friend had mentioned Onyx before so I looked it up.   Good reviews... and a special coupon to purchase.  $30 off for $15 seemed like a great deal so I bought it right here on Yelp and off I went to Onyx.When we arrived, the place seemed TOO quiet.  We parked right up front, across form the door, and in the shade.  We walked and turned away from the bar into the upscale Onyx.  YIKES!  Gone are the tablecloths, waiters, and customers.  We are greeted by the bartender who cautions us that they have a new menu.  I ask, is this still Onyx?  He replies that it is but cautions me that the menu is much smaller and I might have trouble spending the $30 on my coupon.  Uh oh.  I thought about leaving, but I am already $15 invested into this meal.  No more steaks or even entrees.  The menu consists of appetizers, pizza's, and sandwiches.  We order the crispy taco appetizer and onion soup to start.  The tacos were good... they should be as it took them 20 minutes to make.  The onion soup never came at all.  Then onto the main course.  We both order pizza's.  After a good 30 minutes....  THIRTY MINUTES....   the food arrives.  A word of warning...  if you order pizza here you better like parmigiana.  The pizza was LOADED with it.  It was really 90% of the taste.  The crust and sauce were OK... but they were overpowered.  Even if you love parmigiana, you are likely to be disappointed in the pizza.  They couldn't sell this in NY for a nickel.  Overall the food was disappointing and the atmosphere depressing.  No more live music.  No more tablecloths.  No more restaurant... really.  I guess they couldn't make it as a real restaurant and now are some sort of  cheap poker bar menu... but without the poker bar (unless you go to the other room... bogeys).  Honestly, I don't know why the owner just doesn't make one big poker bar.  The Onyx is dead folks.  Move along...  nothing to see here.
