1	another sushi house just opened up ine evergrowing world of las vegas where korean owned sushi houses are popping up on every corner.  the decor in this place was hella chic and hella cool.   i mean it was dark with red tones, black floors,  black tables with ultra cool leather chairs.  a big susi bar and a wide selection of alcohol at the bar.  the menu had a huge selection of  items from your japanese basics of sushi, tempura, edamame, yakitori to various burgers, steak, and italian dishes???  anyways, my colleage and i wanted to have a small lunch, so ordered the yellowtail collar and the sushi platter.   the yellowtail collar was delicious, crispy, and fatty, but you can never go wrong with that anywhere.  the platter that we ordered was ruined.  the wait staff had incorrectly given a smaller/simpler sushi platter.  i was shocked that 8 pcs of a crab roll, 1 pc of tuna, 1 pc of salmon, and 1 pc of hamachi would be $27.  it took a while and lots of explaining, before the issue was resolved.  but you do not end up with lots sushi/nigiri.  it would be a total of ~12 nigiri for $27.  bullcrap expensive.  i do have to admit they were big cuts of fish and very chilled and very  firm. (just the way i like it).   i will give this a low star rating for now, just b/c i was not too impressed with the dishes i ordered and the crazy prices.  i am impressed with the decor, and the wide variety of sushi, and entrees offered, but not with the price.  i do believe that this place will be a hot hang out one day, but they need to figure out how to get more customers in (my suggestion...happy hour and decrease those crazy prices).  i will visit this place again and try the other dishes.  this place is still in its infancy...till next time.
4	All you can eat sushi is generally something I stay away from. However, I've been hearing good things about 'em so I figured I would give it a shot. Why? Because I got my Tax Rebate check thing and figured I'd put it back into the economy. Kobe is up the road and it had my spidey sense tingling. All you can eat for 24$. We sat at the Sushi Bar and liked what we saw. Friendly, Fun and fast service. The menu had the rules 1 hour, no sharing; eat the damn rice, no changing your mind, blah, blah, blah. I had the prerequisites. California roll, the Philly roll and tried a few others- All good. One new discovery for me is the "Crazy Jalapeno" sliced jalapeno breaded W/ Tempura stuffed W/ Spicy Tuna and some intricately placed sauce- SO BOMB!  The chefs are rock stars that are totally hysterical and the place itself is just sexy. It's changed my mind about all you can eat sushi and it's my favorite LV Sushi spot. Now go and eat!!!
2	late lunch /early dinner w/ the gf we were planning to hit archi's ( in the same plaza ) - open sign flashing, people inside, doors locked - fine - fuck'em.kobe - large space - dark wood/ leather seat thing going on, candles, blah blah blah. sushi bar, booze bar w/ video poker.server brought edamame, ordered sashimi ( hamachi ) calamari, miso soup, tempura, blackened chilean bass  ( surprised SO went with it )tea and club soda.  total price $74 ( a little pricey ) the food - ok,  but dull, boring, nothing unique, nothing bad either.  just another sushi / japanese joint in the vegas valley. whoopdy - do
4	This place is solid.  Always welcoming, beautiful decor, great sushi ... ok, I don't eat sushi, but it's the best magura (tuna) I've ever had, and it's consistent.  The reverse Happy Hour ain't bad either.
2	Tried the all you could eat.  All the "fusion" rolls are pretty much a California roll with different sauces.  The fusion rolls that looked like copies from I Love Sushi or The Ka (i.e. the ones that looked really good on the menu) are not available on the all you can eat.  Also odd that they try to push the appetizers that look more at home at Roberto's Taco shop than a sushi joint.  I think the point there is to waste part of your "hour limit" on the AYCE.  Regular menu looked like Olive Garden.  Place suffers from an identity problem.  Bill for two people, one had AYCE, other just had one roll, two glasses of wine, two beers, about $85.  Over all, very nice decor and the staff was friendly enough, I'm just used to far better sushi.  Should have resisted the AYCE.  Although I did have the Poke which was probably the best thing on the AYCE menu.
3	We jsut went there yesterday.  The ayce rules are fine, but they weren't explicit about the no share rule EXCLUDES others at your table having the same ayce.  We ended up thinking that NO ONE could share, and we had duplicates of many items.  Nothing overtly special about the food, but there was one problem.  It says at the top of the menu to inform the server of any food allergies.  Based on the menu, I had none until I discovered that Kobe Sushi uses crabstick in all their items advertised as using crap.  That should be either spelled krab or specifically stated as crabstick, a non-crab food item.  Otherwise, the ayce sushi at Flamingo and Buffalo is better.  Can't remember the name, though, which is why we ended up at Kobe.
4	One of my friends got me to go here for the all you can eat sushi.  I'm not a huge fan of all you can eat as I take quality over quantity any day.  I was very impressed with the items available on the AYCE menu. The spicy tuna is maybe one of the better I've ever had. It's got the kick I expect from spicy tuna.  The great thing about all you can eat is it includes appetizers and regular menu items (even the Kobe burger).  I tend to avoid alot of these items as I want to eat sushi not get full on one large entree item but the ones I have tried are great.  I love the jalapeno cream cheese appetizer.  I like going here especially with a group because some of the rolls are so large one or two can fill me up alone.  We normally go on Sunday which is Sushi Happy hour giving 50% off the sushi menu if you dont' want to do the all you can eat.  This is great for singles or couples that don't want to eat alot.  The only other sushi I've had so far that I would consider better is I Love Sushi in Henderson.
4	So I've gone twice this week so far...why I dunno hahaa.The place is pretty spacious and has sort of that romantic vibe at night. The dinning room is really dim! I usually eat at the bar because I like getting my sushi faster and I get to see the sushi chefs make my food. I think the 2 hispanic guys behind the bar recognize me by now hahaa. Anyhow when you first come into the place, there's a few flat screen TV's and a full bar to your right.Basically all you can eat with no time limit, all for about $26.And you can only share plates with people who are also on the all you can eat menu for that day/night.I haven't had anything but the sushi so I don't know how anything on the regular menu tastes. So far 3 of my favorites are the "Screaming Orgasm" which consists of seared tuna, NO rice, on a bed of shredded dicon? sesame seeds and their secret sauce =D"Wet Dream" and the "Philadelphia"The rolls here are made nicely and not too big. Compared to Oyshi Sushi which is just down the street, and the rolls @ Kobe also taste a little better than at Oyshi. Although Oyshi has a bigger selection of sushi.Either way try it out...you might like it =)
3	Went here this Saturday with a friend for lunch and the place was pretty much dead.  I guess most people in Vegas are still reeling from the night before, so people shouldn't really be up at 3 pm.  The service was quick and the sushi was okay, I just wasn't really impressed.  The rolls were alright, they had a huge selection so that was a plus, but other than that I felt like this place was lacking something to make it special or unique.
4	This place is really actually quite good, especially if you do the all you can eat system.  I'm usually weary of sushi restaurants that have all you can east since it might mean that the sushi is sub par, but that definitely was not the case.  You must get the jalapeno poppers, they will change you.  I know you're reading this going, why would they have jalapeno poppers, well I don't know either, so you really just need to try them.  I wish I lived closer, or that the poppers were available in Chicago, either way...   The fish is really fresh, and we ordered way too much, but it was an enjoyable time.   They were also running a special for buy 2 get 1 free Sapporos, which you really can't go wrong with.
4	Kobe Sushi is a great place to visit for some quality Vegas sushi.  The decor is great for a casual or business dinner and the overall sushi quality is great.  50% off special for being in business for 6 years on most of their rolls.  Also they offer All-you-can eat for the $25 standard in town.  Many inventive chief specials to create a refreshing twist to the menu.
2	Stars are going to the decor of the place and the fact that everyone is friendly.Sashimi I had was not cut well. Pieces were too large, thick, and jagged. First time I've experienced all of these issues at once and I was pretty miserable. Knife skills are essential for a sushi chef I thought??I had what was pretty much a spicy tuna roll with tuna and scallion on top that was pretty good but in my opinion not worth the 14 bucks. Miso soup is not too salty and normally I expect a little seaweed but there was TONS in here. When I order miso soup I don't want seaweed salad and a little broth. I also don't usually expect to wait forever just for sushi and sashimi. This is what I get for using google maps to find sushi closest to me...
4	1.Cheap2.Creative3.Good service4. The food was has always been good.
5	Wooohooo!!! I just wanted to review update since I had a dinner party here last night with some of my close friends.  Firstly, this Sushi restaurant was fantastic.  The service for eight peeps was on point.... The Sushi chefs got 14 yes 14 sushi roll orders out as fast as we could power them down. Crazy Jalapeno - Jalapeno cut in half stuffed with soft shell crab and deep friedGrand Canyon Roll - Crab meat and veggie rolled and topped with grilled mushrooms and sauceAlligator Roll - Fresh sushi (any type) deep fried with sauce on topThose three along with another ten other rolls, sake, tea, service, and a great price made the night!Tip: 50% rolls is now only on weekends after 5 P.M.
1	Thumbs down.I was really hoping to like this place bc its close to my house and I LOVE sushi... Sadly I was so disappointed I may even consider it the worse sushi joint I've been to in vegas.  They have a good 50% discount on rolls + specialty items, but that's probably due to the small quantities on the dishes and poor quality/taste of the rolls. Service was horrible, but the waitress made sure to "turn it on" when she was handing us the check.Do not recommend.
1	So... The server comes and takes our drink order. The next time we see her is after the meal... We'll get to that later.We ordered 4 rolls and kalbi ribs. The place was only 10% occupied but it took 20 mins for our first dish to come out. They didnt give us soy sauce, wasabi, and ginger until we asked.... And we couldnt even get our servers attention so each time we were helped it was a different person.When we got our kalbi it was as meatless as a stray dog in Afghanistan ( not the dogs that are fed by soldiers). Pretty sad.All our empty plates were left on the table after we finished each entree. There was 0 service. Our original server finally visits us with the check and a big smile followed with a gracious "thank you". Trying to turn it when we're writing the tip... Doesnt work, biaaaaaaa. Never again.
2	This was my second time eating here and I think the food is pretty good and the decor and atmosphere are spot on. I found the service to be poor, last night when I was there with a party of three people we were promptly seated and received our meal and drinks in a timely manner. After the food and drinks came, I never saw a server again. We got up to leave and pay the bill at the front and I expressed my displeasure with the quality of service, the only tip I gave them was this, work on the customer service side, the best food in the world won't always make up for substandard customer service.
4	Great price. Fantastic sushi. And considering the fact that the place is in the desert, everything was pretty fresh.
3	My BFs friends wanted to do a bday dinner for him here, quite a while back but never got back to my review (take quick notes and type up reviews later). One of them came here and thought it was decent so thought to give it a go.The decor was pleasing and it wasn't too busy when we came late on a Sunday (2 small parties, 2 more came in as we dined). Our party of 10 ordered up AYCE. It consisted of the usual sushi rolls and nigiri, appetizers and  the unique thing was some entrees were included.Appetizers- The poke was a standout here. It had a very nice sauce that was a good balance of spicy, sweet and savory flavors. It was on a bed of onions and seaweed- too bad 2 order limit per person. The party also liked the Jalapeno poppers and baked mussels.Sushi- rolls were pretty decent. No clue the names as our one friend just fired off rolls (dangerous as he is "order happy"). Nigiri was okay...it was fresh enough but wasn't sliced nicely which affects textures. At least they weren't skimpy/paper thin.Entrees- did not have. We had a person who doesnt eat sushi but enjoyed the entrees enough. I look over the bar and not trying to be racist at all, but cmon a Mexican sushi guy?! Sorry, I won't trust it unless he had serious knife skills, which the rough cutting told me he does not possess it. I can cut nigiri better. Not an exaggeration- took courses on Japanese cooking and grew up with Japanese friends. He was talking loudly in Spanish to a server and should have been really doing up our sushi instead. There was spurts of rolls coming out and then dead space. Sure, we were having a good time talking and that usually makes time fly by. If a party having fun notices such things as taking too long then you know it was quite a wait for the next round of food. The server wasn't the most attentive as a few times we flagged them down  for drink refills and once looked around "going where the fuck is she?" only to appear 10-15 minutes later back on the floor. We had to flag her twice to follow up on part of our order and she tried to get us to order more since she's going to refire our order. The new stuff we ordered came, but none of the follow ups on the skipped items. Nigiris, in particular the 2limit sea urchins, were "forgotten" until last minute when we said we weren't ordering anymore and will finish what we have and what's still coming- they magically come out. Ppft. Those were part of the FIRST round as the slimy and rich flavored stuff is good to start off with while the palette is fresh and the tummy hungry. We did about 5 or so rounds of food so it was "forgotten" for a while. I hate when places do stuff like that as it seems so shady. Rolls fly out, but expensive items trickle out to the end I think to deter a second round of those items. That sucked being stuffed, waving for the check and they bring us a plate of urchins and quail egg nigiris. I can't do the rich stuff that stuffed as slimy textures and strong flavors then start to bother me. Not enjoyable to force it down, gagging at quail eggs which I normally like.I think if I go back, I'll come only when I'm at work nearby and hungry. Not worth the drive down from the NW for it. I don't want to babysit the chef at the sushi bar so no AYCE "forgetting" happens.   Heard about the half off rolls promos and lunch menu looks decent so maybe if I need a lighter dinner break from work I'll pop in. Not the most authentic (c'mon- spaghetti on the menu?!), but alright for a work break to get something simple.  AYCE though- skipping.
3	We went here on a friend's recommendation, but we were a bit disappointed.I'm always a bit leery about sushi places that offer an "all you can eat" option.  I went with the AYCE option because the rolls were pretty expensive and I knew I'd easily go over the $26 AYCE tab.  The fish just didn't seem fresh - it was a bit mushy.  The food presentation was just OK.There was a nice selection of sushi and rolls on the AYCE menu.  They seemed typical for what I've seen in Vegas - Vegas Roll, Happy Ending, Who's Your Daddy...etc.The best thing about Kobe was the atmosphere.  It was a nice restaurant with good decor and a friendly staff.  I especially liked the sushi bar area, complete with a Samurai sword.  They have a few TVs (3 maybe?) playing sporting events, so you can pig out while watching your games (there's no time limit on the AYCE).
4	A very nice sushi place. My 2nd favorite in all of Vegas.They are not as fast as they should be but the sushi has always been yummy and we always come back.
3	I get an hour for lunch; the fact that I can usually get to Kobe, eat and get back within that hour timeframe is the main reason I eat here as often as I do. There are other places in town I certainly prefer. The ambiance is great. Very nicely decorated. Service is so-so. The waitstaff are all friendly but they could be more attentive. On multiple occasions I have had to flag someone down to get a drink refilled, and this was during lunch when it's rarely busy. Don't count on getting things in a specific order, despite asking to have certain selections come out first, things usually come out randomly.The sushi is tasty, I particularly like the Screaming Orgasm. I have never had trouble finding plenty to order, but potential customers should be forewarned that not everything on the menu is available for AYCE.
4	I can't believe I let this review slip. I've been to Kobe a few times. This place is my favorite destination for cheap sushi. Cheap doesn't mean you have to settle for poor quality. Kobe's sushi is just as good as other places I've been to. Truth be told, however, I'm really not that picky when it comes to sushi.The main reason why I'm a fan of this place is because of their happy hour. It lasts from 5pm until closing (midnight I think). Their rolls and kitchen items are half price. Their nigiri sushi items are 30% off.I used to be a big AYCE sushi person. Recently, I've tended away from any sort of buffet or AYCE option. I have no self control and end up eating too much! At Kobe, I can order a la carte, get out for less than the AYCE price, and still have my fill of sushi goodness.
3	Oh dear. I'm not sure what happened. I've always said that I'm not that picky when it comes to sushi. I'm still not picky. But something was amiss tonight at Kobe.Every roll that we ordered had something a little off about the taste. We had a Spider Roll, an Alligator Roll, and a Caterpillar Roll. If I had to pinpoint what it was, it seemed like the soft-shell crab and the eel were a little burnt. It was a little disappointing, but in the end, it was still sushi and still enjoyable.Fortunately, the Quail Egg and Tobiko I had was delicious, and so was the Seaweed Salad. Those don't involved anything cooked, so that probably helped.All told, I still like Kobe Sushi. The fact that their rolls and kitchen items are 50% off from 5pm until close certainly helps.
2	This sushi restaurant looks enormous from the outside, and my girlfriend and I were craving some sushi.  The place was nice, and there was a pretty decent happy hour menu so we decided to dine-in.  After ordering our rolls, we decided that we should just do the AYCE buffet.  I would've thought it would have been easy to accomodate since the rolls we ordered were from the all you can eat menu, but they said they wouldn't do it because it's their rule.  However, I was asked, "Why don't you just order some more sushi.  It's not that expensive."  I'm not sure how the waitress can go about determining what's expensive for a person anyways.Beside that point, the sushi was just decent.  The happy hour is a good price, but the sushi was average at best.  The ambience was nice.  I would have given this place 3 stars, but because of the waitress comment and the rolling of the eyes when I asked if they were able to change it to AYCE, I had to bring it down to 2 stars.
5	This place has the best fresh sushi in Vegas!I've seen some not-so-great service provided to other customers, but I have been lucky to have always had great service.My wife and I even held our wedding reception here.  They were very accomodating and treated us right.Love this place!
5	I just ate here for the first time the other weekend with some of my friends and I had a great experience. We went at 1pm on a Sunday and got great service and the rolls came out at a good pace. The all you can eat menu is extensive AND there's no time limit, so you can sit as long as you like. It also included dessert at the end!! I would definitely return here again.
3	Yum, this place was pretty good. Ayce sushi for 25 pp.They had a lot of rolls, appetizers, and entrees to choose from on the ayce menu (including pasta and burgers). Of course I didn't try the pasta and burgers though, cuz I would've gotten full fast, but it's pretty cool that they had all that to choose from. We got almost 10 rolls, 5 appetizers, and 4 desserts. The only thing I didn't like about this place was that you couldn't do half orders of sushi. This is the first place I've been to that doesn't do that. it sucks cuz I like to try everything, but it's hard when you can only get full orders :/If they did half orders and if the waitress didn't forget 2 of our orders (which turned out to be okay anyway since we got full) then I would give them 4 stars.
4	Hubby was really hungry today; so he wanted to try out Kobe's again.  I say again because we went when it first opened a couple or 3 years ago and although it was okay, it was overpriced.We get there and they had a "all you can eat", (AYCE), sushi lunch.  We looked at the prices and by the time you get 4 nigiri sushi, you have paid the price of AYCE.For the first time, I ordered AYCE.  We both stuck with nigiri sushi because we get too full on the rolled ones.  I also ordered the green mussels.  I have to say the salmon and halibut I ordered were very fresh and big pieces.The mussells were awful...first of all the shells were burnt and you could smell it when you ate it.  So there went a half a star.  The other half star is for the chef who served it!Hubby was happy and full with his tuna/tamago/halibut and shrimp servings.  The mango and strawberry mochi ice cream was a good ending to the meal.Place was clean and they had 3 flat screens.We would probably go back again.
1	My friend told me about this sushi place and raved about it (he and I go to many sushi bars around town, so I was excited to go to another that had good reviews from him).  So we went.  It started out with slow service (hard to find our server for refills and ordering sushi).  After finally getting our first order of sushi I looked down at a cinder-block of rice on top of a thin piece of fish.  I looked at my friend and asked him whats up with the amount of rice?  He told me that he ate at the bar and got more fish, less rice (and faster service).  So I asked the server and they told me it was standard. Fast forward to dessert.  I asked for the tempura ice cream.  They said it was extra (huh? first time for that).  When I went to pay, I noticed an older lady was taking the money, so I went out on a limb and asked her if she was the owner.  She was.  Great, now I can tell her about my experience!  She listened to how my friend had come in 2 days before and got more fish, less rice and how today was sub-par.  She told me that she would take care of me next time I come in.  OK, great I will give them another chance.Fast forward to next week.  I come in and go to her first and remind her of last week.  She tells me that amount of rice is standard and they will serve the same amount of rice.  Great, the owner went back on her word (I guess just to get us to come back again hoping we dont notice the mounds of rice) and I walked out the door never to return. I wish I could give them 0 stars!
1	We went to Kobe last night and although it was dead, service was bad -- it took the waitress forever to get to our table with simple things like water and ice tea.  We ordered salads, sushi and a couple rolls -- sushi was supermarket fresh: didnt smell like fish yet, but looked stale.  Also ordered scallop sushi, instead they brought us yum yum scallop. Although it didnt say it on the menu that the scallop will come like that, when we complained the waitress said -- thats how they make is here.  Salads -- Tuna Poke and Screaming Orgasm were ok, nothing special, just ok.  The rolls were the worst.  We needed a magnifying glass to find eel in a caterpillar roll, same was for the yum yum roll, they were both crabmeat and cucumber.  Same goes for "me so horny roll" and "grand canyon roll".  I understand thye want to save money, but people wont come back if you dont put raw fish in sushi!
1	I had the misfortune of eating at this godforsaken excuse for a sushi restaurant. I saw the mixed reviews and decided to give it a go, because trying new things makes me feel like a real man's man.The last time I had sushi this terrible was at Inaka at Blue Diamond/Cimarron, and that was T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E. I hate giving 1 star reviews, but I actually Vooped after eating this sushi.If you're not familiar with vooping, most people become acquainted with it during college after a particularly nasty night of drinking. That's when you "vomit" and "poop" simultaneously, hence the name Voop. If you don't want to take my word about how unpleasant Vooping is, go and order the sashimi. Also, fuck the decor. I don't care if I was eating on the top of the Sears Tower, the food would make me want to jump out a window. Bad. BAD BAD BAD. Man, I feel better now.Also, I don't feel so bad anymore about giving this place a bad review; writing about Vooping just brought back all those bad feelings. Further, I want to give a special shoutout to all of the ladies reading my reviews. I know vooping is very attractive, and it's a great way to end a first date together.
5	I'm very surprised at some of the negative reviews this place gets! every time I go it's just awesome! I come here every time I'm craving sushi. The rolls are creative and larger then most other places. If you sit at the sushi bar chum it up with the sushi chefs they are very nice and will make your rolls first when it's busy! =) If you sit at a table or booth I suggest you order multiple rolls or items at once because the servers sometimes have large sections or sometimes the entire restaurant during (lunch hours) I work in the industry so I understand how busy they can get after cutting the floor and it gets busy. So let your patience kick in. On the brighter side when they are not busy they are helpful and attentive! Some of my favorite rolls are: Wet dream, tiger, yum yum, suck my roll, 007 & johnny roll! The all you can eat special is fantastic $19.99 for lunch & $24.99 for dinner both also include almost everything off the regular menu too. ohhh and it's happy hour pretty much all the time with 50% off most sushi rolls. Sign me up! Every time I go in I see the owner/manager lady there and I mean EVERY TIME I go sometimes I wonder if she ever  takes a day off! She's very helpful running food, playing hostess, taking to go orders. She does it all. Which I appreciate. SO to end this review this place deserves it's 5 stars it's GREAT! SO COME EAT HERE!
4	We love to go here and sit at the sushi bar or if we're with a group we do table service.   The basic rolls are all terrific -- as are the more exotic. (We liked the Chop Chop/Lake Mead Roll/Johnny Roll(no rice on Johnny - wrapped in cucumber!). The Honey Roll is deep fried and fabulous -- just let myself have 1 piece and savored it!)  Outstanding service and terrific sushi. Just a great choice if you love sushi -- even if your budget, like ours, doesn't allow frequent sushi indulgence. (They have some special rolls on a promotional menu.)
4	I've always had good experiences at Kobe.  All of the food is good and comparable to other sushi places that offer all you can eat sushi.  There's a really great happy hour menu and a lot of specials.  The Wet Dream roll and Screaming Orgasm are really good!  I also enjoyed the salmon nigiri.  The servers are knowledgeable and attentive.  Nice neighborhood sushi place.
4	the wet dream roll was terrific the screaming orgasm was refreshinggot a booth with my friend and everything went well.the sushi rolls came out with speed and every one of the servers were attentive.  its nice to be in a sushi restaurant where theres room, i usually feel scrunched in all the time in other places.  will be back! ps. the happy hour menu is also a plus!
4	I've just landed in Vegas, picked up by my friend, and taken to dinner for some all you can eat sushi. This place is pretty spacious. The rolls were pretty good. Be careful of ordering too much because I think we did. 2 poke salads are not the way to go for a table of 4 when you're trying to eat more rolls. The quality wasn't bad either. It probably isn't the best but by no means is is horrible. If you get a spicy roll, be prepared for major spice!
4	Im not a sushi expert, Im sure I never will, but when I decided that 2010 will be my japanese food year - this place was able to help me ease in to it. Im not a big fan of the All You Can Eat offer, but Im sure other people will find it worth while. Im usually full after the 2nd roll. I come here for lunch, their lunch offering is quite short, but I dont have to come here everyday. However, if they did have a variety in the lunch offers, I'd be a frequent regular. The ambiance is Ok and their open late. The best thing about it is after 5pm, they are half off for the most part and they are half off the whole weekend... Great right?! Nice place to impress friends at...
4	I feel compelled to write one last update. I gave Kobe another chance after the Rebel game last week. This time, it was well worth it. I sat at the bar and went with the HH specials. You just can't beat half price rolls and kitchen items. OK maybe you could by offering half price nigiri. But 30% off nigiri is decent. When I come here for HH, I stick to rolls.Anyway, I'm glad I went back because I enjoyed everything again, which is quite the contrast from the last time I was here. I especially enjoyed the Salmon Skin roll for some reason. I enjoyed it so much that I ordered two of them. Due to a mix-up, I was only charged for one, but I made up for it in tips.Kobe Sushi is back on my good list. It's my sushi spot of choice whenever I'm not that hungry and don't feel like shelling out for a full AYCE experience. (If I'm going to do AYCE, I'd rather make the drive to Yama).
4	Kobe is a staple sushi place for me.  One of the things I like most is I can bring non-sushi lovers (strange concept to me) and know they will have lots to choose from on the menu.  They offer a comprehensive listing of items that can be ordered with or w/o the AYCE.  So if you want sliders with your Dragon roll, it's all yours.  The sushi selection is good...all types of options and some interesting combinations.  The Screaming Orgasm is delicious as well as the poke.  The food has been consistently good and I've always enjoyed my visits there.
4	Fantastic Happy Hour specials. 50% off rolls and wine and beer specials all day Saturday and Sundays and 5-close every weekday. It's fantastic. Not the best sushi in town, but definitely solid and cheap. I enjoy the Poke, Ashley Roll and Screaming Orgasm. There are plenty of non-sushi options as well. I like the ambiance. Fun music and very attractive interior decor. The service can sometimes leave a little to be desired, but it's definitely still a good non-AYCE option. They have AYCE, but I usually just go when I want to snack on a few rolls/apps. There are definitely better AYCE locations in town.
2	I have to give 2 stars this time since our service was so horrible. Thankfully the food was amazing.  Our server was so flaky it was becoming a game with us. She never filled our waters..we had to get up and ask the hostess after they were empty for over 10 minutes.Then she messed up the bill.It was 2 all you can eats..how do you mess that up? LOLWell she did. they fixed it and it was all good.Gonna make the drive to Yama next time...
4	Happy hour is awesome & it seems it's very often, I dont know the exact times but every time I've gone in there its happy hour! Sushi is very good & reasonably priced & their teriyaki chicken is delicious too! The restaurant is also pretty nice inside, good sized & clean. I highly recommend this place!
1	This is usually one of my favorite sushi places in town and it kills me to give it one star but I must.I brought a group of 11 ladies here since its big enough to accommodate a group that size. I dont know if our water was having a bad day but he was not on his game thats for sure. We had ladies that waited 30 minutes for water. The wasabi and soy sauce/trays were brought out after the sushi...which took forever.I asked to speak to the manager who was not at all helpful and then I asked to speak to someone else since she was a space case and I didnt get the results I wanted. So some other guy came out and I explained how we didnt get menus, waters, etc. We were all getting all you can eat and drinking drinks so we were spending some money and the service was unacceptable.He didnt do anything to help the situation either. They needed two servers on our table and it didnt happen.I am sad to say that it will be a long while until I come back which sucks since I love the screaming orgasms so much there..
4	Their rolls are REALLY good. Their happy hour special is EVERYDAY. 5pm to closing.. which is REALLY good. 50% off sushi rolls, and 30% off nigiri. Everytime I go there, we get the same waitress.. and she's great! Very attentive, fast, and friendly. Food comes to you really fast, and I love how the place looks inside. Really cozy.. I come here like once a week..Definitely a good place to go.
4	We go to Kobe Sushi quite often because of their 50% off sushi menu (I think its during the evenings during the week after 5 PM and all day Sat. and Sun.).  We normally spend about 30 bucks here and are able to get like 3 specialty rolls and a beef teriyaki.Their beef teriyaki is pretty good.  You can tell that the meat they use is a pretty good quality steak.  It's a pretty decent portion for one person too (so me and the boyfriend always end up splitting since we normally get a few rolls on the side).  Its only like 7 bucks on the 50% off menu too.  I like.My favorite roll here is the "Wet Dreams" roll (oh yea, one thing about this place - the names of the rolls are pretty funny [or awkward - depends on how you look at it]).  Anyway, it has shrimp tempura, tuna on top, and  bunch of mayo-y sauce - just the way I like it.  I also recommend the Tiger Roll - basically shrimp tempura roll with spicy tuna on top.  It tasted fresh.The service is always friendly and quick.  One time a waiter gave us the Wet Dream roll on the house (and that was the time it became my favorite roll).  Another time we went though, the waitress got like half our order incorrect.  I'd say most of the time it's a hit, once in awhile you might get a miss.The place is pretty big and has a nice atmosphere in my opinion.When we're in the mood for a quick Japanese meal, we like going here.  I wouldn't say it's the BEST sushi... but definitely solid and well priced.  I always recommend this place to people.
5	This place never disappoints! Their AYCE is a good value for 25 bucks..a great selection of rolls and sashimi. I love all the spicy ones! You even get a dessert with the AYCE and I love the mochi ice cream and green tea ice cream. I've gone to a few sushi places but I always come back here...love it!
4	I never have a problem being seated right away for a weekday lunch and great service. I usually order the 2 spicy tuna roll lunch special or salmon terriyaki. Both are excellent!
2	The only reason why i added stars at all was the food.  But to be honest, the SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!  I've gone back because I loved the vegas roll and even the happy hour.  the first couple of times I went there, i looked pass the RUDENESS of the staff because of the food.  Then after dealing with it so much the food never even became worth it.  Once, i was placed a table and was told i some of the people in my party couldnt do the all you can eat because some of us were doing the happy hour.  we then asked if the people who were wanting to do the all you can eat could sit at a different table and they refused it and denied service! AWEFUL! almost all the times ive gone there, i had to chase the server down to get my check, and twice they've even over charged me! NEVER GOING back. the food may be great but dealing with their staff isnt worth it!
4	Food is really good. They have all you can eat, but we go for happy hour. Its mon-fri after 5pm till close and all day on weekends. Service isn't the fastest but the place is large and portions are big. Good place to good with a group of friends
4	First off the time listed here is in-correct as they opened at 1:00 not 3:00 pm on Sundays. This was another new venture for me & hubby. We opened the restaurant and as usual when we go out to eat sushi we sit at the bar. When we sat down we first noticed 2 Mexicans stocking the bar and thought nothing of it until they asked us what can they get started for us, then we became a little apprehensive. I know it sounds a little racist, but do you really expect a Mexican to make your sushi when you got out to eat sushi. Then again every other sushi place here in Vegas are not even run/owned by Japanese, lol. But I had to admit the sushi was GREAT! The ratio of rice to sushi was perfect and the quality of the fish was superb. Big-ups to the sushi chief, Martin!What surprised me about this restaurant was their side dishes came with sides, lol, and that's not what I'm use to. For example we ordered fried zucchini and it came with fries and poke salad came served on top of mixed greens. Not to mentioned that when we ordered ubi/sweet shrimp it came with fried shrimp heads. Although we would have been fine without the fries & salad, I think I just found us a new sushi spot for me & the hubby just because of that. At other sushi places you just get what you order by itself and thats it. The reason I'm giving this place a 4 stars out of 5 is because of the menu. Aside from the big banner hanging outside the host did not explain the different menu options which is I think a 50% off or happy hour menu then the AYCE menu. What was confusing to us is the AYCE lunch menu did not clearly state what you can order from the kitchen so I had to ask our waitress what are the other options.It seems like this place is either a hit or miss with the service here. It must of been because we we're the first ones that the service had yet to start going bad, lol. But Kayoko I believe was her name was great and always had a smile.
3	I like the food there. The prices are one of the cheapest in the Las Vegas. They have happy hour for the sushi rolls. BUT the service is piss poor. Also the manager is always hovering around you, It made me feel like i did something wrong.
1	This place was the most aweful place not only as food  but with service and costumer service. if this place shuts down which I hope that direction it is going...I came in one night and it wasn't a full Japanese menu it had American food too, so with that I knew that this place wasn't as authentic thats mybad on my part, but I enjoy looking for new restaurant. they handed a Sushi menu not explaining what sushi was particularly. and realize after 20 minutes connecting the dots. So I ordered and after 20 mins waiter comes back and says they ran out and also can't accommodate or do something to bump up customer satisfaction...They manager gave a fake smile and ddn't handle it well. I hate this place and the management, I seriously hope they turn things around but people that loves this place you must of been the lucky few who got good service if I can give zero stars I'd do negative Million
2	I just got back from kobe sushi. Good sushi, but the worst service ever. They had a ton of workers there and very few customers. We were seated and someone immediately came up and asked if we wanted anything to drink...so far, so good. Then a minute later another server came up and asked us if we wanted anything to drink. About 15 minutes go by and my girlfriend knows I'm irritated so she goes up to the front counter to get someone to take our order. We ordered edamame, seaweed salad, cucumber salad, fried jalepenos, a rainbow roll and a California roll. They bring out the salads first and once we were done they brought out the edamame which I found odd because everywhere I've been they bring that out first. Five minutes later they bring out the jalepenos and then after another five minutes they bring out the rainbow roll. Now I'm finished with my food, both our drinks are empty and still no California roll. More time passes and then our waitress comes up and asks if everything is okay. At this point I proceed to tell her they forgot about out California roll and that the service was the worst I've seen. She apologized and said that she was eating dinner. Really? I told her to forget the roll and just bring the bill. It's too bad because the place seems really cool and my rainbow roll was really good. Besides that I saw at least three other servers walking to the tables around us with the wrong order. I cam only assume that the servers here are really, really dumb.
4	My boyfriend and I ate here for the first time late last night. The sushi rolls were delicious and we felt the service was pretty nice as well. I love the happy hour prices! We will be back again!
5	The low rating for Kobe makes me sad  :(We have stepped away from Kobe for awhile and been going elsewhere, but at no fault of Kobe...we do it with everything.But the call of sushi came tonight and we decided to go back to our old favorite, Kobe!Lately we have been 'failing' at AYCE and not really eating  enough to make the cost of AYCE - but we did work tonight at Kobe.They don't have garlic edamame, which sucks, and I did ask if they could make it for me and the waitress looked like I asked her to make me a Gyro or something. I wasn't expecting it to happen, but I can wish.   Their cucumber salad is always great (a simple thing, but something that I can never seem to get right - I must buy the wrong rice vinegar), the dumplings/potstickers were great!!! (bf thought they were too crispy, but you don't see him Yelping, now do you?) and all the sushi had the right amount of spice we were looking for, was fresh and didn't make me feel sick 20 minutes later.
4	I've been here a few times since my last review and figured it's time for an update. I'm still a fan of their Happy Hour menu. Usually a better choice than the AYCE. Lots of good deals and I've noticed a marked improvement in their service over time. Still a good alternative if you're in the mood for sushi, but aren't hungry enough for AYCE.
5	High quality sushi for the price. Tasted great and service was quick and friendly. I'll be back for sure. Screaming orgasm and rainbow roll are recommended.
2	This place is really highly overrated.The ambiance when u walk in is nice and spacious. The server was friendly and that is the only thing stopping me from giving one star. It started when we asked for sake bombs and we were told that we had to order each separately. That's the first time I have ever heard this from a sushi bar. Let's start with how mushy and over salted the edemame was!  It was inedible. It was like they dumped the salt shaker with the lid off.?!!! The texture when you bit it was pure mush. Gross . Something as simple as edemame .We were hoping that our rolls would have come out better, we were so wrong .We ordered the yum yum roll and it was Oozing with Kobe sauce , which tasted like mayo. It's one thing to drizzle sauce for a culinary decor or added flavor , but this was too much. The presentation of the food was even sloppy , the sushi wasn't rolled tight and the rice was falling off. Wow. We were really dissatisfied and decided to end our order there. I was very disappointed and will not return.
4	This is a really nice place. Checked in for lunch. AYCE for a good price. The staff was very nice and the restaurant was clean. I got in right before the lunch crowd showed up so I was munching away while watching the sushi chef tackle five different rolls at one time, that was entertainment in itself. Overall a good experience which makes me want to return here when I am on this side of town again.
5	This place is so good fresh sushi..it seems like its happy hour all the time because its very affordable..My favorite is the seaweed salad and the crazy jalapeno  roll. It has no rice :)
1	Went here for lunch and took advantage of the all you can eat sushi deal.  The fish was not fresh, made me sick.  Do Not Eat Here!
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Great AYCE (all you can eat) sushi! Always a friendly staff! Something for everyone.. AYCE burgers and wings too! Always a great experience when we visit and it's several times a year! Their sushi is AMAZING!!! If you haven't tried it, you should!
5	so good, and so cheap!
5	one of my favorite sushi joints. Love coming here after a hard cardio session.  you gotta try the Korean BBQ ribs!!!!
3	Sometimes, you really want sushi but you just aren't revenous enough for AYCE.  Enter Kobe Sushi Bistro happy hour.  First of all, this place is huge.  It's thebiggest sushi joint I've ever seen.  The decor is very nice.  Pretty lanterns and pendant lights.  We were seated, and a bit overwhelmed by the 4 menus to choose from: happy hour menu, AYCE menu, cocktail menu and roll menu.  We decided on happy hour.  Beers and sake are buy 2 get 1 free, rolls (approx 45 to choose from) are 50% off, sushi is 30% off, and apps (tempura, teriyaki, potstickers, salads are 50% off. We had 2 beers, hot sake, 4 rolls, potstickers and baked green mussels. Bill was $51. The standout was the johnny roll.  Highly reccommended.Kobe won't be my go to spot for AYCE but I would definitely return for happy hour again.
4	Best deals in town, rolls between $4-8! Might not be "the best" sushi in town but it's damn good and I can afford it often.
4	Awww man I love this place.  This is our local sushi spot.  By local I mean it's a staple in our restaurant choices and it's within 5 miles from our house.  I love Sushi and if you asked me if I wanted to eat it today I would say yes regardless of what mood I was in.  Kobe Sushi has an assortment of rolls with quirky names at such a great price.  I'm going to give this place 4 stars based on 2 rolls alone!  If you go, you gotta get the Tiger Roll and the Wet Dream Roll.  And you'll get a kick out of getting the wait staff to say Wet Dream Roll.  The prices here are very reasonable.  They have a  1/2 off menu and their specialty rolls are between $5 - $7.  Not bad at all.  They also have specials on their alcohol.  Get 2 beers or sake and get the 3rd for free.  Can't forget to mention they have a full bar.Kobe is very spacious and has nice ambiance.  You can either sit at the sushi bar, the tables, or a booth.  I prefer the booth for privacy.  However, make sure to avoid dinner if you can.  It can get packed.  Over all my rating for this place is a little forgiving and bias.  I love this place because it is "our" spot.  However, there have been a couple times (not many) that the sushi was a little off.  So, they lose a star for inconsistency.    Regardless, the prices really give you the opportunity to try a bunch of different things on their menu.
3	I was so tired when I came Here and didn't eat as much as I had wished to!First of all, service was weird. That's something you never really heard of huh? Our waiter was attentive meaning he checked up on us a lot but he would ask us if we got this or that roll. A little odd because the chefs or him should be marking off what we ordered.Secondly this place not only has sushi but hamburgers, French onion soup, wings, fries, and a bunch of non-Japanese food items! That's pretty cool since some kids may not like sushi or too young to have it. So my aunt and uncle did most of the ordering so I don't know what some of the names of the rolls are but Alfred R. Has pictures for you to see! Extra Spicy salmon salad: the salad and salmon was really good but my aunt and I couldn't handle the extra spiciness. Those chefs were true to their word. I felt like my tongue was on fire for 30 mins!! It was the good Kind of spicy but I could not eat at all. We ended up having them remake it.Johnny roll: this would have been absolutely delicious if the cucumber weren't so bitter. Maybe they soaked it in something to keep it "fresh" or discoloration!  One of my favorite was crab and avocado wrapped in salmon! That is definitely a must try! The presentation was attractive and appealing to the naked eye! I believe we got the Jose roll and it was tasty but the albacore was a bit off. White tuna and salmon nigri were great! Seemed like their salmon was more fresh than their tuna at the time. Also they served this last so you could fill up on rolls first and then you can't stand looking at the nigri when they bring out. Smart and sly but not cool. That's all I remember but I wished I had more of the nigri! Oh they serve mochi ice cream! Enjoy! :)
2	First off....I used to love this place. Like was there more than once a week kinda sushi spot. But now, being a little more mature and understanding of the sushi scene, I will not return.After events ruined a planned sushi dinner elsewhere I decided to use Kobe as my fall back sushi place and regretted every minute of it. The service here is usually always top notch..I will give them that. BUT the menu items are just not that impressive and neither is the quality of the food. Most of which are just the usual rolls you find everywhere or variations of various tempura rolls.So from one of my staples...to maybe if in a crunch...to not gonna donate my $ there anymore...Kobe Sushi Bistro no longer has a place in my heart...or stomach.
3	Honestly, the 3rd star is based on the Poki Salad and the Spicy Jalapenos.  I've yet to eat a roll at Kobe that makes me say, "Mmmmm...nis is oood" while still chewing.  Some of my colleagues frequent this spot at lunch, and I tag along, but I always have to read the menu and debate on what to get.  When sushi is great, you go there knowing what you want to order before stepping foot in the door.I think the AYCE price is high for lunch time.  Risk of pricing yourself right out of competition with so many good choices in the Valley.
5	I LOVE LOVE this sushi place. I might be a little biased considering this was my first place I ever had sushi but it is really really good. What keeps me coming back is their happy hour. 50% Rolls/specialy/plates! You truly can't beat their happy hour. It's very convenient, fast service, cheap awesome sushi. I can't wait to try their AYCE, no time limit and a ton of different rolls. I highly recommend it.
4	HAPPY HOUR SUSHI!!Ok so I do love me some all you can eat sushi, however, when I am not in the mood to require a wheelchair to get me to my car, Kobe is the spot. Although they do have an AYCE option, I love coming from 5p-close or any open time on the weekends to get my rolls half off. There are plenty of rolls to choose from for all cravings. The service here is great and I am always satisfied when I leave. It may not be the #1 sushi in town but it is great for that silly sushi grumbling of the stomach that just won't go away. The beers were buy 2 get 1 free which is an added bonus.
4	Bask In the Ambiance Bask in the Ambiance. Plenty of seating. I prefer to sit at the bar so i did. A Few tvs with sports on while your rolls are being made. They have happy hour on the weekends though i Opted for all you can eat. The rolls that arent included in AYCE are only 99 cents which is a score. I must say HONEY ROLL HONEY ROLL is where its at. Also a 1/2lb of crab legs with dinner all you can eat for 9.99 that cant be beat. The rolls come out fast and fresh. Not to much rice either. Im a fan of the Rainbow roll as well. The service was a little slow to remove my plates and keep my drink refilled in the beginning but they made up for it and then some. Once im on this side of town in the future and want Sushi i know where ill be going for Lunch. Also they have Kobe Burgers on the menu which seems more than appetizer to me, so they would probably put me in a food coma. Love the ingenuity of the names and ingredients with the rolls. Kudos
5	One of my favorite sushi hotspots. The atmosphere is great, the vibe is just right, and the food is outstanding. It's also VERY spacious and can accomodate several parties at once, unlike most sushi spots that are fairly limited on the square footage.I love the dim lighting throughout the night. Great mood lighting for dates. The service has been a bit slow on the times I have ate, but that shouldn't deter you from such a great experience. I see a lot of trendy people like myself there as well with plenty of eye candy for both guys and girls. ;-)MOST IMPORTANT NOTE: They have 50% Sushi specials EVERY SINGLE DAY on the weekdays after 5pm and ALL DAY on the weekends! You just can't beat that!
1	The sushi wasn't fresh.  Within an hour of finishing dinner I wasn't feeling well.  In the middle of the night I awoke extremely sick with food poisoning that lasted for a day.
4	This was a great place for dinner.  We had a party of 7 and they kept our drinks full most of the time.  The rolls came out pretty fast and they were delicious!  Will be going back here for sushi!
4	This place is really good. Nice atmosphere and the wautress we had was really nice and prompt...love it...a bit pricey but sooo worth going.
5	Don't know how this place does not get 5 stars every time. The sushi and service is great and its 50% off every day after 5pm. Two people can eat sushi till your full for under $30. The inside is really nicely designed and I recommend this place every time someone asks me about a sushi place in Vegas. Also, they have a deal where you can buy two beers and get sake for free. Highly recommend!!
3	Best sushi bang for your buck! This is one of the only places I dnt get "all you can eat" because 50% aka "happy hour" does the trick. It's never crowded & there's good service. I always get the crazy jalapenos roll. As for thumbs down? I dont recommend the Kobe burger or poke salad. Kobe sushi isnt my fave, but it's satisfying for your tummy & belly!
4	We decided to try Kobe because we could not get into my fave sushi joint one weekday night and we weren't disappointed. We enjoyed the selection of sushi on the menu as well as some non-sushi options. An added bonus was the Happy Hour Prices. We were able to have a great deal of food and not a huge tab at the end of the evening. As a bit of background on my interest in sushi----  I am honestly not a super picky sushi eater.... actually I stick to the simple stuff like spicy crab rolls and shrimp tempura combinations in rolls. I like tuna and little else in the fish department. So you would think I would not be too hard to please, but I have found that because I like seared tuna and hardly any raw fish that I end up with a rather limited number of choices except at this one other place near my home. But based on the general size of the menu I think most people would find the selection varied and the prices acceptable.
4	I haven't been back to Kobe in some time and I feel compelled to write an update after my recent experience after such a long hiatus. I came here last night with my mom and fella for dinner. We had decided on Goyemon, but thought better of it knowing there would probably be a pretty long wait on a Saturday evening around 8. We decided on Kobe instead since they have good happy hour specials and the they rarely have a long wait. We arrived and much to our surprise there was a 30 minute wait (or so they said). Just as we sat down getting ready to wait it out, our name was called that the table was ready? Yay, no wait after all. The great thing about Kobe is that the restaurant is HUGE. That's not always a good thing, but here it's great. The decor is set up in a way that you don't feel that the place is too big or unwelcoming. There is a very intimate feeling, despite the size. There are tons or tables and booths and plenty of room for large parties, which is fantastic. I highly recommend this place for large groups, hoping to celebrate birthdays and such. The restaurant size is definitely an advantage in that respect as many local places cannot accommodate large parties well. On to the food. Solid as always. Not the best sushi in town (that goes to Goyemon in my book), but definitely good and with the option of happy hour or AYCE pricing, it's actually quite a bargain. I like having the option of AYCE when I'm feeling gluttonous or to go a la carte with the discounted rolls and nigiri if it suits my mood.
4	I'd probably give Kobe a 4 star rating. I enjoy the sushi quite a lot. My favorite is still Goyemon, but this is a solid option in town. They have a lot of great sushi and cooked items on the menu. Their dessert menu is limited compared to other sushi restaurants in town and I wish they didn't limit your dessert order to just one. The food is good as well and we enjoy coming here for their happy hour prices. I wish the service was a bit better. Whether they are busy or not we always seem to have to flag down servers to refill our drinks and take empty plates away. My favorites here include the unagi, green mussels, poke salad, the Ashley roll and I of course have to order the Korean BBQ. When I'm craving rolls on the cheap, I come here... when I'm craving nigiri, I go to Goyemon.
4	I really like this place! The Red Rock roll is my favorite! So good.
4	I am a sushi fiend. Upon arriving at least five people yelled out whatever they yell out in Japanese that means welcome. So now I feel welcome. I never thought I would be surprised at a sushi place again. Everyone seems to be making the same rolls so why not go to where they are best right? Well, most of the time the tastes are the same as well. They have a great happy hour. Everything is half off after five. Well almost everything. As much as i ate it cost me the same as the all you can eat so there was no decision on what I should have done. Never had a saki bomb til I came here. Was first introduced to soy paper instead of the usual seaweed wrap. Amazing. I so like a lot of the popular rolls just because they are popular for a reason. Yeah they taste good too. The dragon roll which has bbq'd eel on top was outrageous. What was so delicious was the eel skin was perfectly crispy. I will go back over and over just for that one roll. Great service and food.
4	Best Sushi Value in the city.  Half off special seems to never end but I guess calling it a special and not just price things normally brings people in.You have the option of AYCE or half off specialty rolls and appetizers.  We usually do the half off as we tend to spend less for two people and are more than enough full from our choices.  SUSHI: Not as fresh as some places, but for the price still better than other places. I'd give the sushi 4 out of 5.  Our favorite rolls are: Tiger Roll, Wet Dream, Rainbow Roll, and the Jalapeno roll (forgot the real name). We usually get one or two appetizers or hot offerings.  I like the Beef teriyake that comes with rice and side salad ..for about $6 you can't go wrong! The Tempura is just ok, the shrimp is so small! The seaweed salad is also a good choice!Service: Mediocre. They are nice and friendly but the order of your sushi, appetizers, and main dish sometimes come in different orders! One time we got the teriyake first, the sushi 2nd, and the tempura last...ummm ok?! Ambiance: Dim and Japanese decor obvi.  There are rows of booths along the windows and tables in the middle.  It's fun to sit at the sushi bar and watch the chefs in action!  The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated. oh yea...buy 2 get 1 free Sake or Beer! I'd say this is a great place for coworkers to visit after work, complain about their boss, eat some good and cheap sushi, and knock down some SAKE-BOMBS.Overall, this is our go-to sushi place in the city.  Good quality, good service. Funny sushi roll names are great conversation starters!
3	I've been eating here for years. Service can be slow at times, but they are always nice.I feel like their sushi has gone down in size and quality recently.  It was never my favorite sushi place but it was good enough, close to home, and the happy hour prices make it a great deal. I don't really have a favorite roll or menu item. Just happy to find a decent sushi place so close to home.
1	Im not a fan of reviews but what happened to me last night HIGHLY likely I will not be returning!! If you like good service, this place isn't for you. If you want food outside of sushi,definitely not for you!The sushi is very mediocre but the service is much worse. The rest of their food is nothing to write home about. The servers will give you plenty of attitude if you ask them questions about the menu and they frequently get orders wrong(tiny asian guy)....I've seen it. That's not to mention the long wait time. Something as simple as a glass of water may take 20 minutes to get, or be completely forgotten.My kitchen orders took almost an hour.When it finally came they gave us a burned skinny shrimp tempura,burned cheeseburger and the angel hair pasta that looks like a prison food taste was disgusting,.burned garlic,too sour,and the pasta was dry and was all over the plate mixed with the green powder stuff,what a hell of a wait for a crap food!I'm not sure whether this place is just poorly managed, poorly staffed. Or both. I get the impression that they just don't care one way or the other if they satisfy their customers and it comes across in the service as well as the quality of the food. There are much better sushi places in sw that have great service and experience chef,don't waste your time here unless you're only interested in sushi and drinks at the bar.
4	I love this place. I love the value, location and customer service. Unlike some other places, you never have to wait to be seated and if you do it is brief.  You also dont have to wait for the food too long. Which is a plus when you come here  hungry.I love that Saturday and Sundays are happy hour all day and the evenings on the weekday are happy hour also. The things to try are:screaming orgasmwet dreams rollhoney roll
5	Love this place, sushi is great!!! People are nice and friendly. At night there's half off of rolls so the price and value is on point. A.y.c.e is good priced too. I'm definitely a regular here
5	This place is by far the best sushi place i've ever been to!!
5	This restaurant is awesome! The receptionists and waiters were all very courteous and the place is very classy. I won't be so ashamed to take my friends here. My sister had the wet dreams roll and I had the sexy girl roll, and both were super delicious! We also had the salmon salad and the seaweed salad as appetizers and the presentations were outstanding. They also serve food pretty fast... And contrary to the popular saying, haste isn't waste this time. To conclude, we had the fried banana ice cream as dessert, and it's just the wonderful glistening cherry on top of our yummy resto visit. I would definitely come back here!
2	Meh... Our rolls were alright but nothing to make us feel compelled to come back.We went on a Sunday afternoon in which they didn't have lunch specials but instead a list of rolls and other stuff that were 50% off (Happy Hour pricing). So we got :1.Screaming Orgasm - as compared to other sushi spots the amount they gave was too little and it wasn't even tasty.2.Poki Salad- That was good - probably the best dish on the table.3.Johnny Roll- this is a no rice roll- tempura shrimp,crab,rolled with cucumber topped with yum yum sauce. - How can they mess up this? IDK but the taste just wasn't there.4.Me So Horny Roll- rice,tempura shrimp,crab,avocado,and spicy salmon- sounds yummy but weirdly it was a bit bland.***DISCLAIMER (I stepped away from the computer for a bit and found that the BF decided to add to my review so instead of deleting it I'll keep it in this review so that when I call him a DUMB F***K I'll bring up this review for evidence )***THE BF'S REVIEW: -the beer was good tho mane. Go 49ers ! the food sucked. I wanted vietnamese but the beezy said no. u people should try my milkshake, it brings all the boys, lol  omg.who likes the walking dead? cuz i do   i cant believe they killed dale.Ugh, back to the more intellectual review- 5.Spider Roll- Rice,Gobo,carrot,soft shell crab,(I can't remember anything else) Too fishy for my taste , again I love carrot and Gobo but this roll just lacked taste.This place is spacious and dim - relaxing atmosphere- but the food just wasn't yummy to me. We all agreed that next time we'll go elsewhere for sushi....
4	Was here 1/5/20123 Words-- Happy Hour Sushi!! They have an awesome half off sushi selection. Everything is fresh and yummy =-)The rolls are really creative -- They have the "who's your daddy" and the "me so horny" pretty funny but so so so good!There's a great section of beer, wine, sake and spirits. They have pretty good custom martinis too.The mussels are to die for! Next time I go there we're ordering extra!2nd time there tonight and we will be going back. The food comes out so quick and the restaurant is very family friendly; Great for kids!
4	Long story short..The atmosphere was really chill (considering the dim lights and the decor),service was fast and and the servers were really attentive.....Price for All You Can Eat was very affordable compared to my other spot i normally go to.. Not the best rolls i've had, but still very tasty i'd maybe rate it an 8 out of 10.. sashimi was really fresh but they just added a little too much rice..The side dishes (appetizers) were definitely the highlight of our dinner..the kalbi short ribs (as they would call it Korean BBQ on their menu) was amazing..My lady enjoyed the tuna poke salad and the fried calamari..The mussels were satisfying and the list just goes on and on....it just seemed like, whenever we would order more appetizers, the food  was just tasting better and better..Oh yeah.. i forgot to mention that they have a buy one get one free special for any large beer whenever you decide to order All You Can Eat..Okay that's it for my review..hope you enjoy this place as much as we did..Peace
4	3 words, Happy Hour Sushi! Not only is deco in the restaurant on point, not only is the staff very kind, but theyre half off, yes half off sushi selection is major nums for sure.To top it off, Sundays they have happy hour from open to close!!! I would mos def recommend coming here.
5	LOVE this restaurant! Delicious food- with fast friendly service!!
5	This is my favorite place for sushi!  Not only are they affordable, the rolls are stacked and fresh!  Happy hour: weekdays after 5p, weekends all day!  Unlike other places that may have a limited happy hour menu, they have most rolls, appetizers, even teriyaki/rice combos on there.The green tea fried ice cream here is AMAZING!  Share it w/at least one other person the serving size is huge.
5	Alright fellow yelpers,When I first heard about this place it took me forever to finally try it out, and look at how my addiction has grown. Yes, it is a little bit on the pricey side, but if you go when they have their happy hours then my stomach is satisfied and my wallet isn't so empty. Now this place has quickly became my favorite spot for sushi, for a few reasons ... Their Johnny roll is my favorite, happy hours, and the atmosphere. So with that said, please do come here and try it out for  yourselves. There is plenty to choose from the AYCE menu and you can add to it for a few dollars more. So at least try this place out. (:
5	i come here religiously! best happy hour in town and the staff is always so friendly and attentive!
4	Sushi is always good and fresh.  I love the screaming orgasim and baked mussels.  Service is excellent, but they constantly ask if your okay every 15 mins and hover around, which can get a little annoying.  I would recommend this place if you want good sushi!
4	I've been a long time customer of Kobe (specifically the one on 215/Rainbow). I give a lot of crap to the cookie-cutter AYCE culture in Vegas. I think it's terrible. This place follows the same guidelines that I don't like for their sushi, however they do a few things better.1. You cut a hole in the box. Wait, no. They have less of the "dressed up California roll" effect on their menu. With some careful reading, you can actually have sort of a variety of flavors.2. The sushi itself is of good quality, and is not cut to be skimpy and cheap. My favorite nigiri, for example, which is garlic tuna - cut thick and covered in garlic sauce.3. If you want to arrive with a large party and someone doesn't like sushi - you're in luck! They have a huge menu of various foods that have nothing to do with sushi. Selection for everyone. American, Korean, whatever. And really, it's all decent, and portions are right. The atmosphere is great for groups.There. I can come to enjoy an AYCE place without completely ripping into it.
5	Id give this place 6 or 7 stars if I could - all you can eat without compromising the quality of the fish/ seafood. Great sashimi & awesome unique rolls. If you go at dinner time ask for the server named Pete, he's a ridiculously good server!
2	I've been here several times since it's just in the same shopping center as my job. I went here before for dinner (probably 2 or 3x) and find their sushi and rolls to be mediocre. Today I had lunch with my coworkers and we ordered the same usual stuff... Salmon Teriyaki lunch special. It was about $8, so it's not bad. Today though my salmon was burnt. 1/4 of the fish was as black as a charcoal. Also, today their service was pretty slow. Only 1 server and a bus person. The bus person was the one giving us the menu and bringing out the beverages and food too.We had to go to the cashier to pay for our bill since no one was available to help us.  Was not satisfied with my visit today. I'll make another review next time I come back.
5	Im very thankful of a server I had yesterday at Kobe Sushi Bistro. He had slick back hair with a ponytail. He was extraordinary  in service, very friendly, and very quick to describe things. I asked him which rolls I should get if I liked tuna and eel. He gave me a couple of options like red dragon, caterpillar and dragon with a spicy tuna roll. I got them all and they were fabulous choices. This was my first time eating sushi and I will definately be returning to Kobe Sushi Bistro for a second time for HAPPY HOUR!
4	Love this sushi restaurant !!! This staff is always so friendly and know us when we visit.  The sushi chefs are so funny and know what we like to order. We get our sushi rolls quick and tasty.. Can't wait to go back !!!
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars if possible. This is pretty good restaurant but I do have a few complaints about it:* No half rolls, only full rolls.  Really limits you from trying different things on the menu* SLOW! The time between rolls was noticeably long given how empty the place wasHaving said that, they do have the most amazing shrimp tempura I have tried. Again, not a bad place, but it could be a lot better.
5	This place is right by my house and I go there frequently .. I love the sushi rolls, esp the J roll and their Happy Hour Rocks !!!!!
4	Making a sporadic pilgrimage to this sushi joint on a chilly October night made me ambivalent, but the food proved the journey was not futile. As I discerned through the Happy Hour (50% off rolls, 30% sushi) menu, I avoided all adjectives like deep-fried, mayo-topped, and ponzu sauce drenched. Sadly, that eliminated a majority of the rolls. However, luck was on my side tonight. My red dragon roll - a simple but beautiful spicy tuna roll topped with nicely sliced red tuna and light garlic soy sauce - was a rousing success amongst the party. So much so, that we ordered a second round of it. Other dishes included my sibling's spider roll, Philadelphia roll, baked mussels, and house salads. All were well executed, too, but didn't surpass the red dragon. The atmosphere is trendy and dim - top 40 music, dark wood floors and tables, white leather booths, and dim lighting complimented well. There is a bar to down a few beers and sake bombs. Our main server was sweet and attentive without being overbearing. Our empty plates were quickly taken away to be washed. However, we had to ask for chop sticks and ask for a writing tool to mark our order. And one of the bathroom faucets is broken. Oh well. Kobe delivers when you stick to simple dishes.
4	I don't frequent a lot of sushi places, but when I do, it's always Kobe Sushi Bistro. We decided to give this place a try, since it is so close to our house, and let me say that we are definite repeat customers. We don't eat much, so we usually come in when it's happy hour, which is after 5PM on weekdays, and all day on the weekends. The HH menu isn't bad, has different types of teriyaki, salads, and a pasta dish. 50% off rolls, and 30% off sushi. For two of us, two rolls, and two entrees plus sodas is only about $15 a person, not bad!The service is EXCELLENT. The wait staff is super friendly, and the busser there is so quick to pick up plates and refill drinks. The atmosphere is welcoming, warm, and dark, good for a private dinner. They have TV's which broadcasts games, which is perfect for sake bombs!Food wise, above average. The rolls are plentiful and the happy hour items are generous. The salad has a very nice, subtle dressing that really refreshes the plate. The different types of teriyakis are great, but basic, and the Korean BBQ is fantastic, albeit a little greasy. Tonight though, I had the beef teriyaki, and part of the tail end of the steak was sour. It was probably just going bad, but that was the only piece that tasted bad, the rest of the steak was great. For those complaining about the servers frequently checking on the tables, it's natural for them because a good number of the customers get the all-you-can-eat specials, and they are required to push more sushi out and ask if you want more. All in all, great service, tasty food minus the sour beef, and a nice atmosphere. 8.5/10 because I've never had a sour taste of beef before.
1	NEVER going back to this place again.... Please don't waste your money, time, and appetite!I love sushi like love it....  and I left this place hating sushi for the first time in my life. Goyemon and Oyshi had really long waits so we thought why not?..... Worst decision ever! Maybe we ordered the wrong rolls or something but c'mon do you really have to pile on so much rice on the nigiris?I would not recommend doing AYCE here, not that great fish quality....Maybe if you're just looking for a chill place to socialize and don't care for the sushi AT ALL.. then i guess .....ehh nahh even then I wouldn't go..plus their service was really slow and you cant even see in their dark lighting -__-mmm.... sorry but Unfortunately this place is at the bottom of my list.
4	I have been here at least 4 times now.  Each time I think the food is amazing, each time I get the same waitress and each time her breath is so bad it becomes the running joke of the table.  This isn't just any ordinary bar breath... this is historic bad breath.  Foods great though and she's good at her job.
4	This place is pretty awesome. Pretty good sushi (not the best in the valley) but what really sets them apart are their prices ! Oh yeah everything tastes better when u feel u got a great deal! Happy hour is from 5 to close and all day on the weekend! This includes a lot of rolls to be 1/2 off as well is some appetizers. We always get the potstckers when we go they are yummy! Omg and there strawberrys n cream ice cream is so fresh ! Very good also! Try this place out ull leave happy & satisfied !
4	I really love this place!  I never get AYCE because I'd rather not be in a food coma.The sushi is good like others in my neighborhood...my face is the Ashley Roll.The number one reason I keep coming back, even though it's about a 20 minute drive from my house, is the 50% off menu on weekends and weekday evenings. My kids love it too as they also have chicken fingers and french fries if your little ones are picky like mine!  They even use the chopsticks tied with a rubberband to eat their fries and stuff because they think it's cool.:)
3	Meh...somewhere between hearing Lil Jon's "Get Low" and the average ayce, I'm not too thrilled.
4	I came for happy hour and I love their happy hour menu! Certain menu items and sushi is 50% and 30% off. And on Sundays the happy hour goes on from open until closing. They also have buy 2 get 1 free sake or beer.The decor is pretty cute,  and I really think the service is ok. It's a hit or miss sometimes here (I just don't think talking politics to your customers is professional.)I love most of their specialty rolls here are good. They're not as fresh as some of the other restaurants I've been to. Here are my suggestions for sushi choices:RAINBOW ROLLHAPPY ENDING ROLLWET DREAM ROLLJALAPENO ROLL007 ROLLTIGER ROLL**most of these are offered during HH. Also, don't forget to have an order of muscles while you're there! As far as AYCE sushi though, I'd pass on it. I'd prefer to spend my AYCE time on a more extensive menu (and a bigger dessert menu).
5	This is the best sushi place I've ever been to! The food is amazing and the service even better! The prices are great and they have half price sushi all day weekends and after 5pm during the week!!!! There are so many amazing rolls for you to try!! I have been coming here since 2010 when I used to live here!! Every time I visit Vegas which is about 7 Times a year I always come here!!!
5	I don't eat sushi that much but everything was delicious.  I especially loved the rainbow rolls.
3	Kobe has always been the go-to spot for when me and some friends just want sushi. Their prices are fair, a little pricey, but always delicious. Service is always outstanding. HOWEVER, the most recent time I had visited, there was a little niggle. Those who partook in their AYCE could NOT sit with the rest who didn't. Seriously? Last time I checked, restaurants are for socializing and grabbing a bite. Their new "policy" ought to be reviewed or else they will not earn their two stars back.
3	This is a fusion sushi type place, so the sushi is a little to "fancy" for my taste. I should have stuck to the happy hour menu, but i wanted to try certain items off the AYCE menu. It's not bad, but it's not great either.
4	Their AYCE is pretty good here. Service is sometimes slow, but I keep coming here so it's not that bad! They're a bit pricey, but they offer some pretty good options. I've liked most things that I've had here with the exception of calamari (which was an error in my part for ordering it from a sushi restaurant!!). I love their chicken udon, I get it everytime!!
2	Not the worst place to go in town, but certainly no where close to the best. The sushi here is just mediocre.Pros:1. Nice atmosphere.2. Friendly staff.Cons:1. No half rolls.2. The "All You Can Eat" menu is limited during lunch hours; appetizers and many sushi rolls can only be added for half price. Most sushi restaurants include the appetizers and all rolls in their AYCE menu. 3. Sushi here is definitely not as fresh and as good quality as other sushi places in town.4. Small booths, uncomfortable chairs.5. Very dark, we had to use the light from our cell phone to read the menu in the middle of the day during lunch time.6. Awful mix of music! Carole King "So Far Away" followed by Backstreet Boys? WTF? It just kept getting worse...Conclusion: When there are several other sushi restaurants in town with better quality, fresher ingredients, and a not so stingy AYCE menu, we won't bother coming back here unless we find out there have been some major changes.
5	love this place. went for valentines for the first time. food was great and the price was good for all you get. (we both got the "all you can eat" they have a nice menu outside of sushi (which I don't like). I am definitely going back. (Yes it was a lil slow to get our food as the night went on but its was Valentines. Give me  break. they were super busy and its not like they just throw the food in the microwave. Everything tasted great. and our server was super nice. other servers seemed nice too)
1	"All happy hour dishes are final"thats the exact words the manager told our waitress to tell us.alright, so this place has an happy hour every weekday from 5-close. so we went in at dinner time and we ordered 2 of the shrimp angel hair pastas that were part of the happy hour menu. it was sooooooo disgusting. the cook literally just poured wine into it, mixed it real fast, then served it. the wine didnt even have a chance to evaporate! it was gross. so i returned it to the kitchen because my cousin had the other plate and he is about 13 years old. what they trying to do? make a kid drunk from a paste dish? i told the waitress our situation and she was nice about it, her service was great. but its her manager, and from how often i'm at this location, he is most likely the owner. big chubby asian guy with a bowl like haircut. we wanted to change it to teriyaki chicken instead because we didn't wanna chance it again. and when she brought it out she said that her manager said to do it this time but next time "all happy hour dishes are final." so remember...it is OUR fault that we order something that they put on the menu in which their own cooks don't know how to cook right. so before you order from this place, make sure you ask "do your cooks know how to cook....." last but not least "ALL HAPPY HOUR DISHES ARE FINAL"was a loyal customer. got that? was. past tense.good luck Mr. Kang (owner) with your stingy ass.
1	AYCE sushi has a lot of competition in Las Vegas. A restaurant can't afford to be medicore, espcially when an actually great AYCE place is less than 5 minutes away. So let me say I will NOT be coming back here, and I do not reccommend it to anyone that I know. First, we were seated very quickly which was nice. Our waitress seemed nice at first, but that disappeared after we ordered. At FIRST glance, you think the price is competitive, but then she told us that half of the items on the menu were $.99 cents extra. I was like what? Why wouldn't you have a flat rate like EVERY OTHER AYCE restaurnt in Vegas?? Then I realized that the .99 cent extra ones was basically every roll that had fresh fish and not filled with artifical crab or shrimp. So I was a little bummed. I was on a date so I didn't say anything, but was still pretty disappointed. Our rolls were good, but when you have to pay extra for AYCE then what was the point? Also, we got our rolls, and then didn't see our waitress for 30 minutes. I'm not exagerating here. We had to flag down another server to get our waters refilled. Then when we wanted to order more, our waitress seemed pissed that we were bothering her. She came over, and basically told us that she had 3 other tables that were more imporant. LAST, there was a grown man slapping his chopsticks on his water glass trying to play music, but seriously being so loud and obnoxious. I was confused at why the servers or management wouldn't say something as it was clearly bothing most of the other patrons. I can recommend 808, or Oyshi - both are within a 5 mile radius of this place. Don't waste your time and go somewhere with good service and better fresh rolls.
4	AYCE specials are awesome, drinks are 50% with your dinner too :D  The menu offers a lot of choices and the fish are fresh and delicious.  However, the only reason why I didn't give 5 stars was because I had the misfortune of hitting a peak time and wasn't able to be seated at the sushi bar for my AYCE meal.  The odd thing was there were open seats available but my boyfriend and I were seated at a table all the way in the back. The service at our table was so-so, definitely prefer sitting at the sushi bar because interacting with the sushi chef is half the experience when it comes to eating sushi, or at least in my opinion. Whatever, still doesn't change the opinion that I do really enjoy the food here.  It does get VERY busy during HH which explains a lot, busy is a good sign though.
1	My husband and I came here for Sushi. The Sushi had a strange taste to it. When I told the foodserver that I thought the Sushi was rotten;, he took the plate. Later, the Manager arrived at the table and told me he had tasted my Sushi and that it was not bad. I wasn't going to argue with him when I eat Sushi all the time. He knew I was upset and offered to remove the Sushi off the bill. I thought this would be fair since I only had taken one bite and almost thrown up due to the awful taste. When I went to pay, he never removed the Sushi off the bill. Didn't want to deal with the Manager again so we left. We will never return.
5	Been there a couple of times. Love their Sushi! Always great selections and fresh. Yummy.
4	Sushi is average to ok. The staff and atmosphere pushed me to give that extra star as it is always a great experience when I go.
5	Five stars for service, menu, prices and quality. Our waiter was zealous and friendly, he gave us information on the foods we were not acquainted to. He ended up earning a fat tip from my husband. Thank you, sorry I have forgotten your name. Although this restaurant is long ways from us, it is worth the extra miles.
1	Mediocre ...not happy at all. I have been here a few times, mostly for happy hour which is okay. But today was a huge fail. I wanted sushi and this was the closest place I was next too..huge mistake!!I don't ever order the AYCE because I can't eat that much sushi, so I just order the rolls I want. I got 3 rolls for the two of us and they were the saddest, smallest rolls I have ever seen. They fell apart as soon as I picked them up and the rice was crunchy..gross. I have never been hungry after eating 3 rolls..but today I was and the bill was insane.. $55!!! I almost died when I saw that..not going back!!!!The service was okay..not anything that would make me want to go back.
4	I came here post-CrossFit WOD with some friends from the gym and we were HUNGRY. The service was attentive and the portions were generous. I was super excited to see that there were rice-less specialty rolls that I could choose from and they were accommodating with modifications. I definitely want to come back for happy hour!
3	I would say A-Ok to Kobe.For the number of times I have been to Kobe, I almost feel like I should give this place 4 or 5 times but ------ that's not how this works.My main gripe with this place is that their AYCE lunch menu does NOT include side dishes. So no edamame...no shrimp tempura... and, *stomp foot* no miso soup!!!!! I find this very odd. My second main gripe is - they have too many menus. They have the 50% off sushi menu, the AYCE menu, the main menu, and then their rolls menu. Often times an item on the menu requires you to look at 2 other menus before knowing what it is --- and I'm not going to lie, I got a paper cut once and I was not happy. While I think giving the option of 50% vs AYCE is quite generous, I've had friends that literally had to take several moments to do the math to figure out which one would better suit  them... and don't even get me started on which rolls are only AYCE and which rolls are only 50%... Sushi should not be complicated - it should just be yummy.But other than the 2 gripes above - Kobe is A-Ok. Their service seems to always be consistently good (I mainly eat at the sushi bar) and I very much like dining area (plenty of booths and tables).The quality of sushi is nothing more than your standard AYCE. It's comparable to Oyshi down the the street - nothing really stands out. BUT, it's consistent -- I've never left Kobe and thought -- shoddy work or service.My husband doesn't eat fish but he likes vegetable rolls, sadly there were basically only 2 specialty rolls he could choose from. Not a big deal but he asked that I mention it. :)It's definitely one of those - "Hey, if you're in the neighborhood" type places.... and that's A-OK means, right?
5	Sushi is bomb at this joint. I usually order nigiri style to determine the freshness of the sushi and man!!! Quality is superb! I love how it's so yummy and tasteful.  This is def one of my favorite places :).
1	I'm never coming here again. The service, YAY! The food, NO!What happened to them? Their rolls used to be at least flavorful.. now, eh.I finished hiking with my friend and she recommended coming here for their happy hour. When we got there, I decided that since I'm a fan of nigiri.. it would be cheaper for me to order it through AYCE instead of Happy Hour. So we both opted for AYCE. This is where it all took a turn for the scandalous.Red dragon roll. Eh, could have been done much better. Spider Roll. Same feeling. The rolls did not make my stomach happy :pI ordered WHITE TUNA. We all know what white tuna looks like, right? It was not tuna, and it was not white. One of the chefs insisted that it was and the rules for AYCE is that you can't send it back into the kitchen. Hmm, ok... It looked more like albacore and it was dry. They pack WAY too much rice into their nigiri. I felt like it was a waste of money to eat here and would not come back.Tips:Happy Hour is 30% off of nigiri/sushi. 50% off of rolls. AYCE gives 50% off of drinks as well.We went on a Thursday and Happy Hour started at 5PM. I believe the weekends are Happy Hour all day.
4	Happy Hour from 5 until close everyday?  Sounds good to me!I will admit that I'm not a sushi fan, but my girlfriend is and loves this place.  I'll try anything and I did try a few of the rolls she got, and they weren't great, but since I don't like fish, don't take that statement as the sushi was bad.  She enjoyed them very much and has been coming here for awhile.  I got their loco moco which left a little to be desired.  The loco moco at L & L Hawaiian BBQ is better since their gravy is awesome.Overall, not a bad place.  Pretty busy, but since its happy hour (50% off most of the menu) everyday, its to be expected.  My girlfriend really liked it, I liked the prices and what I ordered wasn't bad.  Overall good experience, but I'll try something besides the loco moco next time.
4	This is definitely my go-to sushi place. I love that it's off the strip... It's great for locals. And the 50% off happy hour is the cherry on top. The seaweed salad is great and I love the baked green mussels. As for their sushi, the salmon skin roll is a must-try! And pretty much anything that has baked salmon in it, I highly recommend. Their sushi names are pretty hilarious, but a little humor at the dinner table never hurts!
5	Great sushi place! I love their happy hour -  I always get a few different sushi rolls and always get their salad (so fresh, ginger dressing amazing).  Simply cannot beat the happy hour deals, you can really get a lot for your $.
4	6/17/2013 Well -- the two main gripes mentioned in my earlier review have been taken care of.  I'll give credit when credit is due so... I'll bump my rating up a star!1. They eliminated the extra menus and now have just a straight forward AYCE lunch menu.2. They now offer miso soup and other appetizers for lunch. WOOP WOOP!So it's a official... I'm a fan !!
5	BOMB
5	Kobe has definitely taken the number 1 spot I go to eat sushi. Their service is always great and their sushi menu has something for everyone. They even have food for those in your group that do not necessarily like sushi! I appreciate that their spicy tuna TASTES LIKE SPICY TUNA and not vinegar due to whatever hot sauce it was soaked in. The AYCE price isn't steep either.Kobe Sushi Bistro earn their five stars every time I go in. Definitely recommended to anyone who likes great service and great food!
4	AYCE that's literally 3 minutes away from the house.. good selection, fresh fish and oh yes, UNI included!!
1	I will NEVER go back to this place again! We did the AYCE! Ordered a few nigiri which was packed with so much rice so we decided to not eat all the rice. We ate some but not all. All of a sudden a guy with a red tie walks over and rudely said you have to eat all the rice or else you will be charged extra. I replied back with no I'm not eating all the rice! He still insisted that we eat all the rice! I said no again and he walked away! When our waitress came by I asked for the manager. The manager came by and she said the same thing that we have to eat all the rice but since we didn't, she will charge us an extra $3.  I said you're kidding? That's not $3 worth of rice. Bottom line is we live in America, you don't walk up to somebody and demand that they eat all their rice or all of anything! If this is the policy that they want to enforce to the fullest, they should just say to everyone that orders the AYCE that you have to eat every single grain of rice that comes with the sushi or else you will get charged extra. I'm sure a lot of people would walk out or not order the AYCE! I could care less about the $3! I just can't believe that a restaurant in America would do such a thing!  Seriously? They have a guy walking around inspecting tables to make sure everybody that orders the AYCE eats every bit of food they ordered? Unbelievable!! Their sushi is not that spectacular to get that kind of treatment!
4	Just had dinner at Kobe and I'm pretty satisfied! I haven't been here in years and I realized that this restaurant is pretty close by...so why not! Went in and was seated right away which of course was great. Got their little paper to fill out and got our drinks right away. Their service is pretty great here, I mean I had a million questions and not once did the lady get annoyed! So that's a thumbs up right there. Food was awesome as well, but for some reason my second order of Japanese lasagna didn't taste/look the same as the first one. Which is why I marked this restaurant as a four star. Other than that everything was great!
3	I have a love hate relationship with this place. I feel like it depends on the group of people I go with. Once I went with my boyfriend and instead of giving us any sushi that was on our order guide, they gave us all the a la carte items first and then started giving us one sushi order at a time slowly. I felt like they were trying to get us full fast on purpose. I've also gone with a certain group of co-workers who are loud, obnoxious and fun to be around, and that's when I get the best service. I feel like the more livelier your group is, depending on your waitress, you get exceptional service so they can work a better tip out of you. Not only that, they've also given us extra plates of dessert "secretly" or let us "hide" food so we don't get charged.There was also one time where we paid with credit cards, but we left a cash tip. Later to find out that they added a number to the tip line and charged us more tip for each person. Wtf.And my last gripe is the plate size for these little portions of food. I love that when they bring out food, it is extremely fast. But the problem is, the plates are so large and unnecessary, it fills up the table completely way too fast and you have no room to work with.The only thing this place has going for itself is the food. It's not the best I've eaten, but it's bearable compared to other places I've been to. I go here only with the certain group of co-workers on occasion and also because it is nearby where I live. This place is mediocre at best and so is the service.
4	For all the sushi places I've been to, this is the one I have been to as a regular customer for the past three years ! Of course I'm here for the all you can eat or else I would eat myself poor. The restaurant isn't too far away from home so it's pretty frequent with me and my family here. We have been here so long the owner even knows us lol. For the atmosphere in here, it's pretty big for a sushi place. Bar right in the front, tables all the way to the back, and booths all around the walls. I like enjoying my sushi while having room to flail my arms without hitting someone in the face. I never really had to go through a wait time too unless they were super busy and we have a big party. The waiters and waitresses are nice. Try to request Pete, cause he's a #1 bro. The manager lady is also really nice too, she always greets us and asks us some questions on how were doing and that she always sees my sister, etc. They also have the size to accommodate big parties easily ! Just call in to make sure. For the sushi, the things you can get with an all you can eat menu is pretty cool. I like the fact you can get a burger or noodles within the menu too. So you can take a bite of your salmon skin hand roll then pick up and bite your burger. Whatever pleases your mouth. I ask for light sauce on the poki salad and stuff just cause it seems a bit drowned and salty at times. Otherwise, it's good. Recommended for the alligator roll, salmon skill roll, and their cheesecake ice cream!  All in all, I like this place and it will be on the go-to-sushi place with my family. Also the music is all American so none of the Japanese feeling there. Not sure if it's a good or bad thing, but that's for you guys to decide ! Wasaaaaaaaabi.
4	Amazing sushi, friendly chefs and I love their yellowtail! If you want something small to eat but not all you can eat, there's happy hour and it's 50% off from 1-5 on Mondays though Thursday and all day for Sunday. The place is my to go sushi ayce. Amazing food!!
5	This place is great! Staff is very friendly and for the non sushi eaters there's plenty of menu selections for you as well. Lots of variety on the sushi menu, it's a wonderful AYCE.
5	Love this place. Great atmosphere. The food was exceptional. And the unlimited sushi buffet is amazing. Great service. I highly recommend you check out this restaurant. Great place for a low key date night ! Try the lasagne roll !!!
3	AYCE sushi close to work.Let me first start out by saying... yeaaah!!!! close to work!Great place and was their twice already.  Better than buffet style AYCEs.  The first time though, there were some nigiri that you could tell were still thawing a little.  The freshness was there but it was a little too cold for sushi.The other reason there's some sort of fail is cuz amaebi is supposed to be served as a nigiri.  They brought it out with shrimp heads fried up and such, which is incorrect.  Completely different delicacy there (most places, that's an off menu item).Most rolls are pretty good.  Menu could use a little re-organization but overall it's a great place.  Only fairly decent sushi place I've ever seen a burger served too.  Those crazy lunch crowd people....
4	I love this place to meet a group of my girl friends, because it is large enough to accommodate and they usually are quick with orders... Sometimes to quick. Some of my favorite rolls are the Michael Luis, wet dream, coco roll, the screaming orgasm, tuna poki. I do love the 50% off also... If I am not starving enough for all you can eat. Definitely try this place for a quick meal.
4	Came here for lunch. Bad idea because we ate sooooo much. Pretty standard as far as rolls go. All that we ordered was tasty. Shrimp tempura was good n crunchy, light airy batter. Pot stickers were the same as any other AYCE joint. The good was we ordered a ton of uni during lunch. Most places only do uni for dinner. These uni nigiri were packed with uni goodness. Probably the largest portion of uni at an AYCE place so far. Nothing was outstanding nor was it deficient. Just an all around good AYCE place with everything you'd expect from a LV AYCE sushi place. Actually, one could argue this place is a little bit better than most.
3	I probably wouldn't of came here as I'm pretty particular with the sushi I eat, but a friend of mine wanted to try something different then our usual spot Goyemon.  Plus we had this unusual craving for Crab.   This is a really large restaurant with Asian decor of course and pretty decent customer service.  I can't really tell you if the rolls are that great, because I'm a nigiri kind of gal.  I tried a few and the order came out quick, but I got instantly distracted when I saw that I could get Crab Legs for $9.99 more to my AYCE.  Yes! Score!  Sushi AND Crab Legs, just what we were craving!When we ordered it, we were trying to order 2 orders, but our waitress said that its a pretty large portion.  We said, "Are you sure?? We can eat a lot you know"  She said, "For sure".  Okay so we said that we would just start off with one order.  Uuuuuh huh, that order was pretty large. We just barely killed it.  If you don't do AYCE, you can still order the crab legs for $19.99.  It is way worth it!  Sushi was aiight, I'm giving 4 stars for the delicious crab legs and great service we got that night.  Worth a try, give it a whirl.
4	This place is always decent. Sometimes I come here for happy hour because you can actually get a cheap meal..the great thing too is that they have other things besides sushi you can order.the variety is endless
2	Not impressed, sushi was ok expensive for what I ordered. Sat at the bar because I was alone an the guys behind the bar where more interested in the girls wearing skimpy outfits in the table close to the bar then making my order.
3	The place is pretty cool when you come in. Definitely has an ambience about it and booth seating by the windows as well so it's nice for taking out a date.Service was attentive.As for sushi? The rolls were 50% so the rolls I ordered were 1/2 off of $12.95 which isnt' that bad for specials. I believe I ordered a Red Rock, Caterpillar, and Honey roll. I think I liked Red Rock roll the best out of the three because it had a slight spice to it, but none in particular stood out as far as freshness or distinct flavor compared to Goyemon, Oyshi,or Yama. The rolls were not tightly packed either so some of the pieces were falling apart unfortunately.I also took some time to order because it seemed that many of the menu options were either fried, shrimp tempura inside, or california roll base. I enjoy all three but I appreciate a sushi restaurant with different fresh fish combinations (without frying or baking) which Kobe did not offer. Fish inside the sushi were either tuna or salmon mostly. Where's the variety? :(Overall: I think for experienced sushi enthusiasts, the sushi here won't be as satisfying especially if you have been to the point of comparing restaurants and judging based on use and freshness of the fish they offer. Kobe doesn't stand out for its sushi. It's not bad at all, but not notable either. However, I think this place is a GREAT starter sushi joint for those who are thinking about getting into sushi but are hesitant.
4	My wife and I came in on a weekday since Goyemon was incredibly full. We both had the two roll lunch combo. Pro: the sushi is good. Their spicy salmon roll is tasty. I wish there was some more selection, but I understand why there isn't. Con: for $10.99, please throw in some miso soup or a salad or edamame or something. It's cheap filler that makes the meal more satisfying. Overall, we were happy and will be back.
3	Been here a few times; happy hour is cool but u get what u pay for...the rolls are ok..,not exactly the freshest or eye appealing but it's ok and it's 50%. Service is pretty good too, a nice Asian lady at night usually serves us.
5	Everything was great! I went for a happy hour on Tuesday. The service was good and the food was even better. Lots of things on the menu were 50% off. Totally going back there!
2	First off, my bf ordered AYCE. I wasn't super hungry so I was just going to order a couple rolls from the happy hour list. The waitress told me that if he was getting AYCE mine would be full price. Wtf is that all about. They won't combine specials she said. So not fair. So whatever I ordered 2 rolls. (at full price) The presentation was nice but my rolls both tasted like bananas. I hate bananas. My bf just eats Nigeri and he liked it. I probably won't ever go back.
5	Every time I get the chance to come here I am never disappointed.  Best sushi place in my book!
3	Been here many times. And the real attraction to this place is their happy hour. Tons of rolls for half off. And some entree dishes as well. The sushi is not top quality or anything like that just typical rolls like any other place.The restaurant is quite big and lots of tables so you don't feel cramped like sushi mon. The service is pretty good but they aren't super attentive.Try the coco roll and their beef teriyaki both on the happy hour menu.
1	I will NEVER eat here again. I was not told that there was no half price sushi or specials on Valentine's Day. The waitress never expressed that all you can eat sushi may be a better option since there were no specials. Got the check and talked to the manager who said they changed happy hours a month ago. Waitress came back to ask what the problem was, I stated that I was upset and why. She then proceeded to say happy hours were changed 6 months ago. I don't know who was right, but no one offered to make it better. Paid the check and I stated I'd never be back. I PROMISE I will never go back. Overpriced and lack of a caring staff = unhappy customer.
2	Low quality sushi rolls. They mush up the tuna for rolls and it seems there's more filler with spices inside. Crab and salmon rolls.. Boring.... The service is why I give it two thumbs up... I mean 2 stars.
4	Fresh, tasty, and good variety! Loved the "Red Dragon" Roll - lots of tuna and a good amount of spice!
4	It's All You Can Eat sushi people. You can literally eat all you can eat sushi until you blow or they cut you off.  I've been here a few times for lunch and they're very fast, even when their busy. I remember one of the times I did AYCE, our party of maybe 6-10 hungry people couldn't eat faster than they brought it out, it was weird cause most places it's the other way no complaints there. It was crazy, food kept coming out and we had no room on the table to put it. We ate as fast as we could and it seemed to multiply when we ate it haha. I loved it. The foods good, aren't all sushi "sushi grade" so they suppose to be good. If I closed my eyes and took a bit, the consistency and taste was all there so I'm a fan.Let me see if I can remember my last visit. Picks my teeth. I had a spicy tuna roll, good and spicy I liked it. I had the Who's Your Daddy? roll, it was fish, cream cheese, and shrimp in a roll, deep fried, and topped with spicy eel sauce. I love deep fried sushi rolls. I had the Happy Ending roll, spicy soft shell crab in and out topped with avocado and spicy eel sauce. OK I lied I didn't remember this all from picking my teeth I'm reading off my receipt. Let me just list everything else it says.*Bonzai Roll*XXX Roll*Crazy Jalapenos*Poki*Maguro (tuna)*Hamachi (yellowtail)*Hirame (halibut)*Garlic Tuna*Hotategai (scallops)*Amaebi (sweet shrimp)*Unagi*Uni (sea urchin)*Masago*Salmon*House Salad*Grilled shrimp salad*Pot Stickers*Shrimp tempura*Yakitori beefI'm sure I had a lot more than this. Who's receipt is this!? Salad really? haha. I'm a fan of everything with or without screaming orgasm sauce, spicy eel sauce, tempura, fried, or baked, etc.The interior is very nice and very spacious. They share the parking with various busy businesses so there might not be parking right in front or close by but park right behind Kobe, everyone forgets about the parking there. They don't offer a frequent diners card but there's little wait, friendly and fast service, and last I checked lunch AYCE was $22.99. There's also a Happy Hour 1/2 off rolls, 30% off sushi, and 2 for 1 alcohol after 5pm, don't remember what days though.
2	I wanted to try an AYCE sushi place I haven't been to. A friend of mine suggested this place and so did my cousin's frat brother. Ok, so the place looks pretty neat. They have a lot of items on their menu. Not just sushi. They also have Korean BBQ, ramen, fish and chips, burgers, etc. The tendency for a place to have all sorts of stuff on the menu is that half of it is a heaping plate of failure. I guess, they're trying to cater to all palates. Trying too hard is a different story.There are only certain things that are included in AYCE. Only the items inside boxes are included. We tried a bunch of rolls, nigiri, Korean BBQ, tofu nuggets, ebi tempura. fried calamari, poke salad, seaweed salad and my favorite: plum wine ice cream. Korean BBQ was perfect. The tofu nuggets were pretty good and tasty - but I really can't remember them that well to accurately describe what was in it. Ebi tempura was ordinary. Fried Calamari was Italian-Americanized - breaded and comes with marinara so it didn't mesh well with everything I tried. The salads come in huuuuge portions - you get a whole big bowl. I was not too happy when this came out after I've had a few rolls and nigiri already. I force fed myself with salad. You're limited to 1 dessert per person having AYCE. I felt like I was eating with my gym trainer - "eat more salad and less dessert".The rolls and nigiri we tried include: hamachi, uni, amaebi, salmon, garlic tuna, salmon skin roll, screaming orgasm, spider roll, screaming kobe roll, Johnny roll (shrimp tempura and crab meat wrapped in cucumber), and happy ending. The uni was watery, they're little and there's an ordering limit. The quality of fish was marginal. The fish-rice ratio was not impressive. We were disappointed.
5	This is our favorite sushi place to go with the family, we love the 50% menu, nice variety & the taste is great! service was quick, our favorite is the Vegas & Volcano roll.
3	I must say I've heard a lot of raving reviews from my friends when it comes to sushi so i came here with high expectations.  I also took a lot of cues from my friends and ordered the "screaming orgasm" and a bowl of french onion soup. The soup was wonderful, served in a clay pot with plenty of onions and cheese, but the screaming orgasm left me a bit underwhelmed, especially for the price.  Maybe I'm too new to the sushi scene to make a judgement, but I remember having a similar dish at Sushi Fever which was a lot better and for a lower price.It's not to say I wouldn't try it again, but I would definitely order something else.
5	All I can say is hands down some really good sushi and saki to go with your meal I really recommend this place for a date or just grabbing a quick bite to eat .
4	I've always been reluctant to try new sushi places since I already have my favorite (Sushi House Goyemon), but I'm so glad I tried Kobe Sushi Bistro. This place is closer to home and while not my favorite still, it was still so good!When eating AYCE, it's always great to go with a group so that you can try more food and that's exactly what I did. My dinner companions had been here a few times, so I was comfortable with going with whatever rolls they ordered. There wasn't one bad roll. The rolls tasted fresh and flavorful. My favorites were the Vegas roll and the volcano roll. They had a lot of dinner AYCE items. I loved the baked mussels. I enjoyed the potstickers and calamari. They even have ramen on their dinner AYCE; I'll be trying that next time.The items I didn't like so much were the beef teriyaki. It was very bland and something I would never order again. Also, I wanted to try the Korean BBQ, but guess what? They didn't have any on a Saturday night! That was lame.Also, they only limit you to one dessert for dinner. I don't want to be greedy, but c'mon now! Additionally, their dessert menu was limited on a Saturday night. They were out of some of the desserts on their menu, including strawberry mochi.Would I come back here? Yes. The fact that they take reservations is HUGE plus over Goyemon. Plus, our server was great and this place is very roomy.
1	This is the 2nd time we've come early enough but the host guy didn't want to seat us so we are going elsewhere ... $300 tab .... Your loss mutha fuckas !!!!
5	I tried it as a recommendation from a friend,  great sushi, clean place, great food, great service too, plenty of parking
5	I have been eating here for years. And I have been eating sushi for almost 30 years. My husband and I always get the all you can eat.  If you can eat a lot of sushi this is your best option. Large selection with quality fish. Yes sometimes the rice with the sushi is a little heavy but I notice that with all AYCE sushi places. My favorites here are the Screaming Orgasm and garlic tuna. The service is great. Everyone is very friendly.And if you are not into sushi, the cooked food is pretty good. I've had the Kobe burger and fries. My step-dad had the pasta. We enjoyed both.
1	Super Disappointed! I was there 4/19/14 and right away ordered 2 California rolls. The lady brought us our drinks but after waiting 45-50 minutes the waiter comes by and says how was your....oh wait you haven't gotten your food yet? Then we waited another 10 minutes and the waiter didn't even come by to tell us how much longer it would be, I even saw her walk up to the sushi bar and barely order our food.  Needless to say they completely forgot about us and it wasn't even busy! Its sad that we had to wait over 45 minutes for our waiter to even notice that we still didn't have our food. Needless to say I won't be coming back.
1	After reading the reviews my husband and I were excited to try a new sushi place, well let me just start off by saying we won't be back!!! First off the AYCE menu you can't get all of the rolls and nigiri and so many of the rolls are exactly the same.Second the quality of nigiri was not good, the fish tasted old and warm.The rolls had no flavor unless you call the rolls being drenched in sauce flavor.Maybe if you just ordered their random hamburgers and sush it would be good but I dont recommended the sushi. The only reason I'm giving them a 1 star besdies not being able to give it a zero is that there potstickers were good. Definitely wont be coming back to waste $61 on old bland sushi.
1	I was really disappointed after eating here. New to town and looking for Sushi restaurant offering happy hour like a place I went to back in Chicago. This place was the same price as I usually pay but the sushi was just terrible. The service was great but things got a bit sketchy after the sushi was in front of us only after 3 minutes of ordering. Didn't taste fresh at all and was very disappointed by the quality and taste. These reviews made me think this place was amazing which is why my boyfriend and I went there for our 2 year anniversary. We walked out sad and disappointed we spent all that money.Next day we picked up sushi from Trader Joes...10x better than this place. Something is wrong when sushi from a store is better than a restaurant. Would not recommend.
5	Best sushi in town. Service is amazing and food is great. I would recommend this spot to a lot of people.
4	It's hard to review sushi places in Vegas because it seems as though they are ALL good and all AYCE! This one was no exception. Everything I ordered was on point! Fresh and delicious. No complaints. :) Well, except for the music.
5	I feel like this place has Happy Hour all the time. All day. Which is fine with me! I used to live close by so This location was convenient for me and the family. The food is amazing! They have a pretty good choice selection for AYCE. Service is always great too. You don't (or I dont) experience good service often at asian cuisine. The restaurant is really nice inside and they play good music. It's busy during the weekends but there is never a wait. The only thing I would suggest is to pay cash only. All the times I've used my card they hold like $10 more than I signed for. When the payment stops pending it'll only charge what you signed for but still. I get worried that they will charge more.
2	This place, is just a waste of time and money. I came to meet a friend here, so we decided to do AYCE. There were a few things on the menu that they had to charge us $1 extra (orange blossom and XXX roll) the fish didn't taste at all fresh to me. There wasn't anything I ate that was a factor to where I would have came back for. They don't do half orders, and they charge extra on top of the AYCE prices. Sorry Kobe, there's way too many sushi places for me to choose from. This will definitely be my first and last trip here.
1	My family always goes here and i've given this place a few tries but yesterday was my last visit. Let me start by saying the rolls are sloppy and not very great. I don't even like the CA rolls (that's bad). Also, the way the manager treated her employees was horrible. There was a mistake at our table and we got the wrong roll. The manager told the waitress that she would need to pay for it since it wasn't her error. What kind of BS is that? Especially since our table had a $100+ tab. I felt terrible for her. Service was slow and it wasn't even busy. Never got a refill on my water or any of my tables drinks for that matter.
1	I use to love this place and then they made it awkward..on the menu they straight up tell you if you don't like something they won't take it back die to rising prices..then they told is that we couldn't order from happy hour and all you can eat. Everyone had to order from the same thing..so they pretty much accused us of sharing AYCE before it even happened!..question: if they were thinking we were going to share AYCE amongst each other, why did we order some of the same things as the people who did order AYCE?..never going to this place again!..
4	This place ROCKS IT'S ROLLS!!!!This place used to be a neighborhood favorite of the misses and I. We never left disappointed,  the fish is fresh and the flavors are uplifting. The sushi chef has really got it going on. We are still looking for a neighborhood sushi place to compare.  They have a good happy hour too, half off on almost all rolls. We had the caterpillar roll, spicy tuna, vegas roll, 911 roll, the soft shell crab roll, and a couple other salmon rolls that I cant quite remember right now. Anyway like I said, we were never disappointed.  Good quality sushi joint
1	Place use to be good. Now the service is horrendous. At least a half hour to get each order which is tough for lunch. No apologies or discounts either.  This place better take a good look at me because they will not be seeing me again.
1	OMG it took 2 hours during lunch to get our sushi. Nuts!!The staff also seemed not to really care.. Not coming back
3	Mediocre sushi. I've had much better sushi everywhere else I've gone too so far.  The restaurant itself is very clean in the atmosphere inside is welcoming. However the service is horrible. And no one welcomes you when you comin nor does anyone say goodbye when you leave.
1	This place is cheap so it's a good place to eat. But make sure you check your bank statements. Several times they have charged our card for more than what our bill said. They added their own tip when we left cash on the table. Check your statements!!!!
3	You get what you pay for here. It's cheap so you that's pretty much it. They do have a happy hour but if you eat as much as an adult you might as well do AYCE.
2	I really am disappointed in this place now. I use to come all the time but now its not as good as it was before. Plus, the waiter gave us an extra sushi we didn't order and charged us for it. Out of 5-Service 2, food quality 1, business flow 3, menu 3, and price 2.
5	Awesome!!!  The made to order sushi for the all you can eat is great - and we love it is that they have a regular great menu that has burgers among other things. So i get to enjoy my Sushi and rest of the Fam gets to enjoy other things as well!!
4	Overall good! Usually have excellent service and the food is usually good...not over the top spectacular but worth coming back for.
5	Every single roll that me and my wife ordered here was amazing. The service is great and they get the food out to you really fast.
2	Nice place, good decor.A little slow on the service part.Sushi makes up for it.I enjoyed the baked rolls very much.Salmon tasted good.Calamari was surprisingly yummy.J Roll came out cold. (Deep fried roll)AYCE: $26.99 dinner. Expensive..I've had better, but I just like the location.Don't come too often. Kaya all the way.
1	my boyfriend and I have eaten here a bunch of times and loved it every single time. the prices are good and the food is delicious. however, they have broken our trust in their service. we came during happy hour with the mindset of taking out. when we got there, we asked if we could take out for happy hour and the gentleman said yes. we sat down and started our order when a woman approached us and said the prices were higher for take out and advised us to get a seat. um what? where does it say that your happy hour doesn't apply to take out? and why would they insist on us sitting down? we planned on ordering a bunch of sushi so that we could pig out and watch movies at home, but they insisted they would have to charge us regular price. I don't see the difference between sitting down and taking out to the point where they charge take out orders as more. getting a table wouldn't have changed our order, so what's the point? this is so disappointing because we really wanted sushi! they should consider telling their employees that the prices don't apply when taking out since we got a yes and then a no during our visit. not sure if we will be coming back after the service we received.
4	AYCE or happy hour? Happy hour menu used to be the way this family "rolled" but slowly as their business grew their happy hour 50% availability shrank. Now not on holidays, no weekends, and restricted hours. But if you time it right, you can score some decent prices for a lot of rolls, sushi, and teriyaki. Crab leg special ( 1 1/2 for $19.99) is decent. That's my 12 year olds fave. Service is hit or miss - no telling what order anything will come out.
4	Would have given them 5 stars however they no longer have happy hour everyday. There is NO HAPPY HOUR on Friday and Saturday nights. Happy hour is only Sunday (all day) and Monday-Thursday after 5 pm. Good food, service can be a little slow.
5	Good food here and best prices. Never let you down here. They have great seaweed salad, albacore is really good. Very friendly staff. Happy hour is great
5	This place was fantastic! Every roll we ordered was delicious and the service was excellent. We were starving when we got there and thought we would wait a long time for food but they brought it out very quickly. Our waitress was very attentive and brought everything out quickly and when we needed it. The all you can eat was amazing and we were all completely stuffed by the end. The dessert was also very good and came with the all you can eat. I would definitely go back here because the experience was great!
3	Ordered take out today, disappointed with the rolls, very ordinary and unappealing for the price, just didn't taste great. Maybe wrong food choice or maybe take out is not smart for sushi. Mango mochi is avoidable too, too sweet and overwhelming artificial tasting flavor. Wish I had better news!
3	Good prices during happy hour but somehow we always feel an upset stomach afterwards. Not my favorite place, but decent when considering they're reasonable prices.
3	It's not the best sushi place , no dynamite roll . Not a proper Japanese  sushi restaurant . More americanized. But I did see the property brothers!
2	So I had a great time but it was because of the people I was with.My girlfriend and I arrived early to have a few drinks before our friends arrived. We ordered vodka and cranberry and when it arrived it was overly sweetened and watered down. The vodka was nearly non-existent. I rarely do this but I sent the drink back and we ordered pear-martinis. These were even worse.  It seemed that the drink was made completely with sour mix. I again sent this drink back...When the rest of the party arrived we ordered some saki. The hot was fine but the chilled flavored bottle arrived at room temperature. We finished that bottle but over all the drink situation was terrible. Apparently I'm not the only person that knows not to come here for drinks because for the 3 hours we were there only one couple sat at the bar during happy hour. The food is average and service subpar. When the market place for AYCE sushi is so competitive this place is lackluster. I will be searching for another AYCE on this side of town. If you are on the south side Sin City has always been pretty good.
1	I've been coming to this Kobe Sushi Bistro for the last few months. Over the course of the last few weeks I've been noticing something funny. Now before I actually decide to say what that is I do want to go on record saying that the food is excellent and the service is mediocre at best. The thing I've been noticing though, is that every time we use a card to pay (still tipping 20% in cash), we always seem to see an extra charge on our card. I've contacted management and they didn't seem that interested. In short we paid for a $60 plus meal and was charged $80 on our credit card while still leaving them a decent sized tip. So after a few calls to our bank they've notified us of fraudulent charges coming from there. We were refunded the extra amount that was stolen, but this doesn't negate the fact that they made no attempt to fix this issue. They clearly have a leak in their system or a waiter/waitress that is charging extra to the cards. I won't be returning any time soon and I'm actually sad to say that to a place I've spent hundreds of dollars on.
3	UPDATES 11-28-2014: AVOID THE CHICKEN BREAST. My recent visit discovery of the chicken plate I ordered tasted like rubber.  The sushi were ok. Nothing stands out compared to other around the area.  Their side portions like noodle soup are huge. I guess they want you to eat more sides than sushi.  There is no oyster or soft shell crabs. Service has improved and faster now.  This place has more mixture of family and hipster crowd.  Oyshi (or I called Trance Sushi since they always play trance music) has a more young hipster vibe.  there's never a line since the place is big.
1	If you dine in you must listen rap. They wont change it because the manager likes to dance and sing instead of take care of guests. Mostly fried rolls, not horrible, but not good. Street food. They will be out of business soon and she can go back to dancing in one of the low end strip clubs.
1	Me and my mom came at about 2pm to grab a late lunch before picking up my son from school. We didn't take long to order since we already know what we want to eat. We took a quick glance at their menu and I told the waitress to serve me the spiciest sushi roll that they have. My mom ordered a simple Teriyaki Chicken off their Lunch Special Menu.15 minutes later, my order came. My sushi was not really that spicy. But it's ok. I liked the fact that the slices were kind of thin, so I don't look like a starved panda when I eat it. LOL Not sure if that was a coincidence, or they really serve them like that.I finished my meal but my mom's order hasn't even came yet. She was really getting pissed at this point. Since it's a late lunch, and the fact that we ordered pretty quick, having to wait 30 minutes for food is really inconvenient, to say the least.She decided to cancel her order and we left with no TIP. I feel bad but I can't really justify the service out here. Since it's 2pm, there were only 3 tables occupied in there, including us, and the other tables had 2-4 people in it. I'm not coming back here and I wouldn't even recommend anyone to this place.It's just that bad :(
1	I have a feeling that if one dropped a $100 bill on the floor at this place -- and they knew you saw them pick it up -- they'd tell you it was theirs since they got to it before you could retrieve it. 2 complaints: Our waitress allowed us to order our lunch  a-la-carte without advising us that we were way over what it would cost to go the all-you-can eat route (my mistake cost me 50% more). And we ordered all at once, so she had an excellent chance to endear us to her and Kobe. I know: "buyer beware!" But is that really how to encourage regular customers? I asked about it when she brought the check, and she told me something akin to SOL. Although the food was ordered at once during lunch on a business day, it came in fits and bursts over the course of an hour. I was hosting clients and one of them had to leave before the final third of our order arrived. ...I hate stiffing servers but sometimes it's the only way to send a message. Food was okay, but poor service spoiled any  interest in returning.
4	Service is excellent! Nigiri and rolls are delicious. Nigiri's are well made. Good rice to fish ratio. Rolls here are yummy! When I crave rolls, this is my go-to place! I love their Japanese lasagna, volcano roll, and red rock roll. Delish! My favorite place to get sushi in the mountains edge area.
5	Happy Hours comeback everyday after 5 pm- closed again.. Happy!!! 8th years anniversary ..
5	Love this place.  Best sushi in town!  I would recommend trying this place out.  The food is great and the service is awesome.
1	Wow, is this place for real. They need real cooks or chefs because the lunch we had was bad. Do not waste your money on this place. The staff is friendly, but a food establishment is in the business of food. I don't understand how this place is in business.
5	Excellent eel. Some of the best I have ever had. The eel sushi is $5.99 for an order (so abit pricey) but excellent flavor and very fresh. Caterpillar roll is an eel roll with avocado on top and it was same story. Fresh, flavorful. Very friendly staff and clean restaurant. Nicest bathrooms. Sake, 2 orders of eel sushi(4 pieces), caterpillar roll came to $32.00. So the tip is to come here when they have happy hour specials (every day) and not at 11:30am like I did. Still it was worth it.
4	They have great food here. The customer service was great at night time and I loved the atmosphere. I didn't care for the atmosphere as much in the day time. They were a little to strict and pushy on the all you can eat rules. But overall this place rocks! Definitely a good find in the southwest area.
5	Awesome service every time I go... Great prices great food
3	AYCE sushi place snd I'm having the burger. It's a Kobe Burger and it's not bad. Here's what's wrong with the AYCE menu: no half tolls, no kama, no sashimi, one salad.
2	I came and ate here a week ago. I am writing this review because I am still upset with the service I received.Last Thursday I finished college. It was supposed to be the happiest day of my life thus far so I decided to go out for sushi with my family to celebrate. When we got to kobe, everything was fine, but the moment we interacted with our server, Adrianna, everything had changed. She had a bad attitude from the beginning and made out entire experience horrible. She did not smile once and has a sour look on her face the whole time. It brought the moral of our table down and it was impossible for me to enjoy myself normally I wouldn't complain about the little things but it was hard to not notice them once we interacted with the server. Me my brother and my mom all ordered sushi. The sushi took extremely long to reach our table which was unexpected because it was not that busy at all. My dad ordered a burger and it didn't come out until we were almost finished with the sushi. After a week I thought I would get over this, but I am just so upset that this ruined a day that should have been so special to me. The only reason i am giving this review 2 stars is because the food tasted great. Other than that I would not recommend this place to anyone.
3	I'd been here before and liked it, but this time things were a bit off. Of course, you can't go wrong with their extensive 50% off Happy Hour menu, so no complaints there! However, we ordered 4 rolls at the same time, and were almost finished with the other 3 before the 4th came out. I believe it was the Grand Canyon roll, and it was really onion-y... More than I recall! The food was fine, and the service nice enough, so I wouldn't actively avoid it, but there are lots of sushi spots in town, so I wouldn't drive across the city to get to it either.
5	Great price, great service ! We are repeat customers, like once a month. We have always had great service and food. Food is always brought out in a timely manner.
5	As usual, Jackie, our server was excellent! We love the food and service at Kobe. Everyone is helpful in prebussing our table. Teamwork makes the dream work!
5	Best sushi place on this side of town! The happy hour is sunday through Thursday after 5pm until close- half priced sushi! Always delicious, always fresh I have nothing bad to say about this place. If you haven't gone, go- you won't be sorry!
5	Absolutely love this place! Jackie is an AMAZING server and we always have a great experience. Recommend this place to anyone looking for a great sushi restaurant :)
4	I live around the corner and just found this gem! The food is excellent alongside an upper scale (casual though) eating atmosphere. I am giving Kobe 4/5 stars only due to the fact that there were too many rules and regulations for the all you can eat. I came here for the first time ever to do all you can eat sushi but decided not to do to it b/c it would have been a lot more expensive than just ordering, plus we wouldn't be allowed to take any unfinished sushi home (or share- If only one person gets the all you can eat, they other person cannot eat any of it). The waitress started immediately telling us about how we will have to pay for food we don't finish and also that they do not do half orders. Eating all you can sushi for my first time should have been a relaxing experience with an open smorgasbord of sushi and money or rules shouldn't have mattered, but instead I felt like I was getting arrested and read my rights! Overall, this is still a great sushi spot with a better staff and selection!
1	Very disappointed with tonight's service, or lack there of.  I understand the place is busy, and I like to see that.  We had to wait 30 mins to get sat, again they are busy and I get that.  Once we finally got sat, we were seated in a back corner and I feared exactly what would happen next.  We waited 15 mins for the server to ask us if we had been helped and she finally took our drink order.  While waiting an additional 10 mins with not even a glass of water, I see people that were seated after us already eating.  I am usually one to sit out bad service and just not come back.  I couldn't take it, I asked another server to cancel our drink order and we walked out.  On the way out the waitress apologized, and blamed it on being busy.  I understand being busy, but serve your customers in order.  What a shame, I really like the place.
4	The service here is really great- the staff is always friendly and attentive. I have been in twice for lunch and both times ordered from the lunch special menu. The food is good- not bad and not great, but good for the price. The first time I went my friend tried to order beef teriyaki and they were out of beef, and the second time his order never made it to our table. Overall these issues will not deter us from going back, it's a good spot for a quick lunch for a reasonable price.
4	Nice selection of rolls.... Service was  quick and friendly..... Great place for a business luncheon... Dinner is a great time to go as well
