1	Had THE MOST HORRIBLE experience at this hotel. We checked in and left for the mall. Came back to shower and get dressed and we noticed a few gnats. Just ignored it thinking they came in with us having the door open because our friends were also staying there and were coming in and out of our room. Next day my friend was in the shower and when she got ready to get out....... the toilet, floor and sink were COVERED with gnats. They had completly covered our toothbrushes and our towels. She screamed and I went in the bathroom and ran back and grabbed my camera. I took a picture and showed the front desk agent Lilian she said she would call someone. 15 min later I walk back to the front desk and she is sitting on the couch in the lounge area talking on her cellphone. UHHH Hello did you not just get a complaint and you're just taking this very lightly. She then says shes calling the maintenance man (whom lives under the room we were in with a dog. Were these gnats or fleas? Whatever it was made my friend itch and scratch to the point where her skin broke out) Lilian came up to the room and when she seen them, it made her skin crawl to where she started scratching. Eventually the maintenance man showed up. While he inspected the room we showed our friends 2 doors down and they also said they had seen a few also but not as many as we had. The front desk agent tried to offer us a new room but if our room had gnats and our friends rooms had gnats....why would we even want to stay there? Who knows what other type of critters may be lurking in the bed sheets. (Im itching as I type this) So we decided to pack our bags and find another hotel. The next morning when we called to speak to them about our experience there we spoke to Andy the manager (who needs a class in customer service) he stated that we should have taken the room they offered us no refund and went back and forth with us and eventually hung up in our face. We called back and he would pick up the phone and hang up.Pictures next.DO NOT STAY HERE AND IF YOU DO SHAKE YOUR BELONGINGS BEFORE YOU GET IN YOUR CAR.
2	The WiFi was spotty and slow at best, and the hotel staff seemed completely uninterested in my requests for assistance. The cont breakfast was adequate at best. The room was comfortable enough. Really only sufficient as a place to sleep...don't count on much more.
4	Can't speak to the hotel, but for $4/day parking (and plenty of discount codes if you browse around online) and a timely tram to the airport I'm not gonna knock it.  I get the idea I'll be seeing more of this place in March...and April...and June.
2	I don't really like to review anything but food.  However, I just had to write about this Hojo.Listen, I didn't expect much from a room under 50 bucks but...come on man!Everything was cheaply okay until the man in the lobby, Andy, who was nice, made a bad excuse for the joint.I questioned my address on the bill to which he explained that it was the address for Expedia, since the reservation was made via Expedia.Andy went on to tell me, "Do you know how much Expedia paid for the room.""Doesn't really matter to me"  I said."$39.  The rest is fees you pat them." He told me anyway.  "This is why I have to give you the room you get."  He went on."Okay."  I said and now wondered what he meant by that.I get to the room which is the first one next to the lobby.  It must have been a storage closet before. LOL.  No, really, I laughed out loud and said really?!The room was just big enough to crush the queen size bed into it with a miscellaneous door on the side wall blocked by a long useless table.  There was also a round table and chair between the bed and the bathroom and a bedside table.  Why all the table is beyond me.  The bathroom was fine with a small shower.  The decor was 20+ years out dated and the smell was musty and that goes for the pillow cases too.BUT...here's the kicker.  It's 2013 and the TV was from 1982 at best.  No lie.  No joke.  I had to bang it to get a picture on the little 20 inch screen.  I'm surprised it wasn't black and white....and Andy.  It's not because of Expedia that the room is as it is.  It simply because someone is too CHEAP to upgrade this establishment to $50 a night worthiness. Howard Johnson would NOT be proud.I gave it 2 stars because Andy was a nice fella and I just needed a bed.  But do not toss blame where it does not belong.  Take responsibility for the cheapness.
2	The Room Smelled bad when we walked in. And even worse you could see Daylight through the door. there is a serious problem with a hotel when the curtains block the light better then the door does. the Breakfast bar food is pretty bad. Eat the fruit.the only reason I gave it a second star was because the bed ws really comfy... of course I just got off a red eye flight and didn't sleep a wink so maybe I was seeing it through rose colored glasses.
1	I went to HJ on Van Buren. I have never stayed at a HJ and simply wanted to be close to the airport. Upon entering my room there were very large roaches the size of my thumb. I was transferred by Amanda to another room only to find more roaches and a window which wouldn't lock. From 15 minutes of making the reservation decided I could not stay in this environment. Amanda assured me that nothing would be charged. I followed up later to find that there was indeed a charge to my account. Sandi, one of the owners offered me 50% off my 15 minute stay, what a deal! He said i should have cancelled 24 hours before; how when the reservation was only 15 minutes old from cancellation. Who wants to be around roaches? I stayed at the Extended Stay America a few minutes away. Rooms were much larger, cleaner, and staff was friendly. The room there was only a few dollars more. (See Photo).
1	Served it's purpose. Literally no frills. A bit of a problem with the park and stay situation.  We reserved a one night stay and parking for 10 days.  We were quoted one price (that we paid in advance) upon check out they changed to rules and said our package only included 7 days and we would have to pay for the extra days at $5 a day.  The problem is the written confirmation doesn't include the price they quoted me over the phone.  Totally felt like a scam.  Also- Ladies, if you like a hot shower, leave the bathroom door open-otherwise the mirror will be foggy for-ever!!
4	Quiet, clean and comfortable!  The show was amazing!  Owners were professional and courteous!  If you need a place by the airport, use this Howard Johnson's!  We ordered dinner from Rosita Italian Restaurant, fabulous sauce!!!
4	Great place. Price could be a little better. Amanda at the front desk has been terrific!
1	Absolutely worst hotel experience ever.  I tried to work out a deal so that I could move to a hotel closer to my business for the week.  The hotel clerk promised me the rooms were clean.  Even though that was not my issue (although I was apprehensive about it after reading the reviews of cockroaches and bedbugs), he persisted that I can't do anything because the rooms were clean.  There were baseboards falling off, behind the toilet was dirty, the room was LOUD  I could here people coming and going all night and early morning.  I decided to suck it up since I already paid for the room and they would not budge.  The first night I could hear the walls crawling, not a good nights sleep.  The second night I came back to the room to find a cockroach the size of my thumb, belly up the in the middle of the room.  I checked out first thing the next morning.  The morning clerk did not seem phased about this at all and joked about the bugs being big enough to carry my luggage to my car.  Now they are proceeding to fight me about a refund, swearing the rooms are clean (how about that customer service).
1	The room was disgusting. It smelled funny and I felt dirty just looking at it.I chose this hotel based on cost since it was my first trip to AZ for business and I only needed a place to stay for a few hours. Bad choice.If you are family or travelling solo and looking for a deal for a hotel, I suggest that you take your $ elsewhere and opt for a safer, cleaner option in AZ.There were people outside my room the entire night walking back and forth and being disruptive. I could hear everything through the walls/doors and the floors were extremely creeky. I was shocked that the man at the front desk was monitoring the activity outside the rooms since it was pretty close to the front entrance.
