5	Great Prices, Great Service, Great SelectionWe purchased a glass table, four chairs, and three matching bar/counter stools. It was such a pleasure to deal with the owners, Robin and Bill. This was like old-time service. We were encouraged to take chairs home, to try them out for height, comfort, etc. Robin, with whom we dealt during the purchase, understood exactly what I was looking for, and zeroed in on the right chairs, fabric, and finish. The counter stools needed special height accommodation. Robin figured out a way to do it without incurring the extra cost of ordering the more expensive, too-tall stool, which then would have required the hassle and expense of having the legs cut down. The prices were as good as, or even better than, the internet. The furniture was ready for delivery in just a couple of weeks, much more quickly than we had anticipated. Robin and Bill delivered and set up the set quickly and perfectly, even though Robin was working with a broken hand in a sling! We couldn't have asked for a more pleasant or more hassle-free transaction. We hope they stay in business for a long, long time.
5	A superior experience. For dinettes, barstools, and tables, this is the best place in Las Vegas to purchase from, in my opinion. There are several reasons why Dinettes & Stools Las Vegas is the best choice:*) Quality*) Price*) Selection*) !!!The Owners!!!Larry and Robin have been in business in this location for over 17 years. Direct, straight-forward, get-it-done attitude with a no-pressure sales environment. If you want to talk, you talk. If you want to browse, you browse. If you want to buy, you buy. If you want to come back another time, you come back another time.I bought two barstools (so far) from Larry and Robin. I found the quality superior to the other big-box stores I've been shopping at including many of the nationally advertised furniture centers.Quality speaks for itself. Price is what it is. The selection and further amplification of selection online accentuates the value of this business. But the bottom line: it's the people that run this business that make it not just a cut above the rest...it's the people that run Dinetttes & Stools Las Vegas the reason why Dinettes & Stools Las Vegas is the superior choice for Dinettes & Stools in Las Vegas.Go see yourself. You'll agree.From I-15, take the Sahara exit, and go west (up) on Sahara, passed Decatur almost to Jones. On the LEFT side of the road you'll be passing a couple car dealerships. Turn left at the Big Red Mob-themed Italian Restaurant, the actual cross-street is "Westwind". If you hit Jones, you've gone too far west. From Summerlin, travel down Sahara just passed Jones on the right hand side.
5	We were having our kitchen remodeled and adding a peninsula and needed 4 counter height stools. After looking online and seeing some cheap deals, we knew we had to see and sit on a stool before buying. The positive reviews on Yelp convinced us to check out Dinettes & Stools.  They have a great selection that you can customize by choosing from numerous fabric samples and metal finishes. I love that one side of the store is Made In the USA and the other side is imported stools. The imported stools were the same ones I had seen online and after sitting on them and the Made in USA stools, it was obvious that we were going to purchase the Made in USA. We weren't sure of the height and if we could fit 4 stools at our new peninsula. After leaving a deposit we took one of the floor samples home for the night to try out.We were so grateful that they gave us the option to take one home. We ordered our stools and got the Pebble tech finish on the metal frames. The stools came in after only 3 weeks. They look great and most importantly they are very comfortable and built to last. If you need barstools, counter stools, dinette sets or pub tables you need to go to Dinette & Stools before buying-you won't be disappointed.
5	Las Vegas Bar Stools - the only place to go if you are looking for bar stools!My wife and I have been looking for bar stools for some time and had visited most of the furniture stores in Las Vegas. Most stores had a few stools, made in China - priced cheap, but looked cheap.Finally I did the smart thing - I searched Google and found Las Vegas Bar Stools on Sahara Ave.WOW - A very organized store with a huge inventory of many different styles. There must be several hundred bar stools in the one large showroom and even more in the warehouse.Larry is my idea of what a perfect salesperson should be!!  He was there to answer our questions, but did not hover over us, just stayed in the back of the show room, but was right there if we had a question. We picked out a lightweight stool and asked him questions about height, types of cushion fabric available. He provided immediate answers, but gave no pressure to purchase. We went home with two bar stools that are high quality and American made.I cannot recommend Larry and Las Vegas Bar Stools enough!
1	Left work early to stop by the store since they are only open until 6pm on Fridays.  Got to the store at 5pm to find doors closed and lights off.
