5	Great local bar. Lots of TVs, Golden Tee, Buck Hunter, two pool tables, Foosball. This place has a full Chinese menu as well as a typical bar menu. Good food and cold beer, can't ask for too much more than that.
1	Bartender Jake greets me with "What do YOU want?" and tells other bartender infront of me "Whats-his-face wants a pizza.". I'm kicking myself for tipping him $4 for a $3 beer and $4 for $11 pizza thinking he just had a bad day but after four meetings and four abrasive experiences he should have a job not interacting with humans let alone customers.
5	Well i guess I found a new hangout spot!  Video gambling, BEER, Chinese food made by chiinese cook/owner, BEER, pool tables, fooseball, shuffleboard, BEER, Golden Tee, BEER..... and more BEER.....The chinese food here rivals some places on spring mountain...! Pizza is good too... Met few of the bartenders, all service friendly.... Jake makes the BEST Long Island I have ever tasted.... a multiple award winner I hear.....machines have paid out decent enuff....I was apprehensive at first, but my curiosity cured that.... I like it here....had lunch twice in a week and stopped plenty for that after work BEER!!!!I like it, I love it, I want some more of it ... !Cheers!
4	Not sure how I missed this one but glad I finally checked it out.Good location to begin with, easy to get in and out of the parking lot. I read that they have pool tables. That's a plus for me. A lot of so called 'sports bars' don't offer the beckoning appeal of soft green, or in this case, red felt of a good pool table AND pool cues that aren't as crooked as a dog's hind leg. $1 a game and $6 pitchers of draft (American) beer, and these are good size pitchers too.The restaurant was closed for some reason, I didn't ask why but there was a sign posted. I didn't come here to eat but was a little strange why closed on a Saturday night.They had a 3 piece band playing in the back room, just back enough as to be more background music...the karaoke started around 9 and that was fun. Some dude there was a ringer for Barry White.Jake the bartender was very cool, he said he was the only one working and was pretty busy but when a bartender pours a fresh pitcher for you without being asked, that's a guy on the ball! I told him we'd be back for sure, and we will.
4	Good food, the spicy shrimp is definitely spicy! Good service, very friendly and accommodating. And very reasonable prices.
4	I'm not sure when this place re-opened, but it is a total departure from the way it used to be. In a GREAT way!! Upon entering you are greeted by a big fish in an aquarium, and that's not where 7777 Bar & Grill proves it's unique! My husband and I wandered in at 930 the other night, out of the rain looking for Chinese food. After ordering a drink we find out the Chinese food is not offered after 9. In light of that, we kind of made a mutual (all be it non-verbal, kind of happily married for a long time Jedi type mind message, that nobody else can see) decision to finish the drink & head out. This is where it becomes exciting. At this point Jake, the bartender, apologizes like crazy. He offers us a happy hour/ football menu, which is a far cry from the extensive Chinese menu we were after. We glance over it, as a courtesy. Sticking to our original decision, (-now actually spoken, to save our Jedi powers.). We make designs to settle up & head back into the rain. When out of nowhere, the chef/cook (not sure of his title) Mike comes from the kitchen to talk to us & offer us amazing non-football food options. Between the bartender, Jake (works swing nearly every night) and the cook, Mike, and their collective efforts, we decided to stay. My husband got the chicken tacos and I got a fabulous Caesar salad. That and a couple more drinks and we had forgotten the missed Chinese we had come in for. On our way out we ran into the owner of the place, Ron. When we explained how nice his staff had been to us, especially under the circumstances, he seemed genuinely pleased & proud to hear they had been the sole reason we had stayed to eat, gamble & drink. This is a must stop, if you haven't already. These guys will restore your faith in the lost art f customer service. They deserve to have a thriving business & will raise the bar (no pun intended, sorry.) for customer service when you do. Local watering holes could take a page from these guys. Until they do, 7777 will have my business.
5	This place may be 7777 but its Aces in my book.I've kind of grown tired of the gaming bar scene, but as soon as I walked into this place I fell in love. In case your are wondering....The path to my heart is a combination of cheap drinks, shuffleboard, and good foodThe other reviews have talked about how good the chinese food is, and I have to agree. They have 2 different menus, chinese and american. The chinese food closes down at 10pm, but when we asked about it right at 10, the bartender went in the back to ask and they said "no problem" and made us the order anyway.They don't have a great beer selection. But what they don't have in selection they make up for with price. $6 pitchers of domestic beer.They have 2 nice pool tables ($1), A foosball table ($0.75), and A shuffleboard table.....FREE!.Throw in 2 dart boards, golden tee, big buck hunter, super friendly staff, $3 well drinks, a lot of open space to get roudy and a cheap jukebox and you have the recipe for one hell of night.How much of a night? We spent 5 hours at the bar and our tab for 6 people was $85...which included food, and a couple of giant shots of Patron Anejo.Seriously, if you are in the area stop in for a quick bite and a drink....then....try to leave. I dare you.
4	This place is awesome! Jake is my new lucky charm. Two royals in two days....oh yeah!! They really know how to take care of their gamblers. :) Plus alot of other things for non-gamblers as well.
3	So I visited this place 2 more times after my first visit and it just went downhill each time, and everything was as I stated before except the service. Last time we had an amazing middle aged woman working the bar. She was beyond friendly and when we wanted to order from the Chinese menu 5 minutes before they stop that service she ran into the back to ask him if he would squeeze in a couple of orders...which he was glad to do.The second time I went in I didn't eat just had drinks with a friend.The bartender seemed to take issue with anything we ordered. As if we were insulting him by even ordering drinks...even though there was only one other guest in the entire bar. I decided maybe I was just imagining this hostile undertone until it got close to 10 pm and his relief showed up.As soon as the next bartender hit the door he looks at us and says "Hey I gotta cash you out."No big deal. I've worked service for over 10 years. I understand.So I simply ask him "Do you need to run my card now?" My purpose for asking was to see if he had the card on tab already or if he needed it back, or if he just wanted my permission.His reply was: "I'd rather you give me cash...don't you have cash?"Working in service all of my adult life there are very few things you can do that will cause me to stiff you. But this guy came close.The next time we go is basically my last night out in Vegas before I moved. I'm trying to have a small celebration with some friends.Same guy.Getting drinks was like pulling teethMy friend asked about the types of dressing options for her salad, and his answer was: "ranch...and some other stuff....why? what ELSE do you want.?"Here's the bottom line...this place is awesome...as long as the one bartender is not working. If i'm ever back in town I'll probably swing in and have a drink...unless he's working...in which case I'll just drop off an application to Dick's last resort for him. He'd do well there.
4	Love this place! Such fun bartenders, Jake is my favorite he's a ball buster!! So funny, good times!  The American food and Chinese food menus are great, one of the few places in Vegas with actually great Chinese food. pizzas are great on the American menu. This place is a staple in our menu of outings/bars/restaurants. Free wifi too! :) enjoy!
5	my wife and i do date night every thursday night.we tried every bar we could find only to find a lot of the same ol same ol.until we found this place.WOW what a good bar just to hang out and not be a trendy.the demographic is great.the service is great and the food very well priced and it seems every where people tell us there place is so great only to tast alot of the same.this place howerver great pizza and  chinese food etc..enter JAKE,seemed a little distant at the time but the more orderd we realized hes one of the best bartenders in town.if you come to this place with a trendy motives or wanna be a princess well this is not the place for you.every one here is real and down to earth and the crowd follows from the bartender to the cooks to the owner.this is the only place we go and never seem to get tired of it.people ar nice and treat you good.give jake a chance and youll see he earns every dollar.hes a great guy.we will always be loyal customers from here out.go try this place before to many people discover it:)
5	Tony and I stopped by for a bite to eat on fight night.  My thinking was eat and flee, but we were very surprised at this down home real bar environment. As we entered we heard "The Voice", that of course being Jake (lol).  What a suprise, he made us feel at home right away, I was even enlisted to pull names for the drawing (yeay) anyway the food is off the chain, drinks very good and the feel of this place is just like ....hummmmmmmm  kinda like "Cheers" that T.V. show.  I must say that we have adopted this place as our new hang out. It takes certain personalities to make or break a place and I must say Jake you are the Best!!  We will see you again!
4	Needed a good spot for an after work beverage and bite, 7777 fit the bill!  We had great service by Jake and enjoyed a variety of options for dinner.  The place was hopping for a Thursday night, with music, poker and sports to keep you entertained.  Glad we popped in.  We'll be back
5	I have been here several times and I must say that I have never been disappointed. Jake, not from State Farm, has always been my adult beverage server and has a great way of interacting with those he is serving. The food is fair in price and always great.
5	Stopped in last night to chat with the owner about being our new home in Las Vegas for the Vegas Charger Bolts (former Michael's Pub Group).  After some sampling of yummy foods, we were in agreement!  We look forward to this being our new Chargers Bar!
5	Great atmosphere, welcoming owner and staff. Gonna be the newest San Diego Chargers bar in Vegas. Food is great, homemade Chinese food in addition to pizza calzones, burgers etc.  Give it a try Charger fans you won't be disappointed.
5	This place is great.  The number one thing is the owners let you know they appreciate you and your business.  As a Charger fan, they embraced us to hang out on sundays for our games.  They created a great menu of well priced and VERY good food (I had a chopped STEAK burger and it was amazing)Everyone I talked to felt at home and the owners were PERSONALLY taking care of everyone.  I'm excited to make this my home bar for all Chargers and all Football events... or any sporting events.They have tons of TVs, a huge big screen in a separate room next to the main area...good gambling...(I hit a four of a kind while i was there - ended up down a few bucks but at least I got some play) and friendly people all around.
1	This place is ok. Have a blast.
5	My wife and I came to check out this place and we were greated by jake  the bartender . Nice guy very freindly. Lots of things to do every night . Very impressed .
5	This place rocks! My boyfriend and I have so much fun each time we go. Between the pool tables, shuffle board, darts and Golden Tee, we are always entertained. Jake is a fantastic bartender with great stories and fast service. The food is good and the drinks are always reasonably priced. Even when it is packed. we have no trouble getting service and other patrons are happy to let us in on a game of pool or shuffle board.
5	Great place , great people, this is the place to hangout. Look out for jake from state farm he will make sure you are happy.
1	This place is horrible! I live right around the corner so I've been there a lot because it's close and I regret it every time. Jake the bartender is a jerk who treats you like you are beneath him in his dress shirt and tie. He makes me uncomfortable every time I'm in because he lingers and he's always got a stink face like you are bothering him. One time I went in with my husband to play a little bit and Jake brings us a picture of beer that we didn't ask for or want because we were not planning on being there long. We both drink a glass and are getting ready to leave and Jake comes over and gives us a guilt trip "You're not going to waste this beer are you?". Another time Jake offers us a free BBQ dinner because we are big tippers. We went back on BBQ night and it was obvious the BBQ had been sitting under the heating lamp because everything was hard and inedible. He hovers over us the entire time and we don't want to be rude and say the food is nasty so we eat as much as we can chew which isn't much and we are about to leave and get the same guilt trip about wasting. This bar is all about gimmicks! They hand out drawing tickets like hotcakes and make a big deal about coming in Monday night for the drawing to win $500. I have like 15 tickets between my husband and me. We fall for this scam a few times and each time the same guy wins who is friends with the bartender and he isn't even excited because he knows he's not actually winning anything. They have a lot of beer on tap but I've noticed over time the beer has been more flat because they aren't spending the money to get their lines cleaned like they are supposed to. The slots are the tightest slots in town! The only good thing I can say is the pizza is good. I will never go back I don't care how close it is.
3	Ordered the burger. Pretty good especially for the price. Didn't look like a frozen patty. Plenty of TV for sports. Looks like a Chargers bar. Not smokey but also not busy. Couple of pool tables, fooseball, darts, and shuffleboard. I would come back.
1	Old person central... I didn't eat here though. Just walked in and right back out a few min later. Just wasn't feeling this place.
5	All of the bartenders here are amazing..from dayshift with Cory newly hired..know him from another bar..and sooo happy he is at the 7s to Jake and Char and Chase on swing to Harry and hmmm.. Art on graves..always an amazing time !!! The owner Ron always has a joke to tell and if he dosent...Jake does!!! The food is always amazing!!! The staff is GREAT!!! always a fun time!!! Thanks guys!!
5	One of the best bar in Vegas! And jake makes the best Long Island!!! Always great service and great food!!!
3	I really like this bar.  Most of the patrons are really nice, the beer is cold, and the food is quite good.  They even have a Chinese menu, and I have to say the Chinese food is significantly better than one would expect at a video poker/sports bar.  Try the pan-fried dumplings, and you'll probably thank me later.Why only three stars?One of the regular bartenders rubs me the wrong way.  The bartender is the type of person who will make a borderline racist or misogynistic comment if he thinks you are a fellow traveler.  I'm not a fellow traveler.Your mileage may vary.
5	Great place to hang out for a few beers and some pool, darts or fooseball. Jake is an awesome bartender making the experience even better. It's great for bigger groups and the owner came around to say hi too, very nice guy. Didn't try the food but the Goose Island IPA is great.
5	This is a great real Vegas spot. Twice a week there is a free poker tournament. The staff is awesome. They even have an euchre night for Midwesterners. The main bartender jake can be a bit brusque, but once you get to know him, he's amazing. The wait staff, char, is amazing. Great Chinese food for a bar.
5	I'm not a bar person, but I was pleasantly surprised with 7's. It's clean, the staff is friendly and helpful, the parking lot is well lit and monitored, and the food is great. I enjoy visiting when I'm on the west side of town.
3	I love the 7777 Bar & Grill! The food is good, large proportions and is reasonably priced. They have TV's everywhere, pool tables, foosball, shuffle board, darts, Texas hold'em poker tables and video poker. Just to give you a warning as far as service. Only deal with the waitress "Char" If you come in between 4:00pm and midnight. She's one of the nicest in the city. The only reason 7777 gets 3 stars instead of 5 is because of that bartender "Jake".I play in a social league that has been meeting at 7777 for over a year and there are members of the league that refuse to go to 7777 because of the bartender Jake's crappy attitude. Just ask him for a drink and watch him roll his eyes like you just asked a 10 year old to take out the trash. That Jake lacks common social skills but maintains employment so he must have something over on the owner.
5	This was out first time here and it was a great time. The bartender Jake is really good and attentive. We just moved down the street so this will be our new hangout
4	Cool bar! Went here to watch the Charger game, was greeted by a few of the locals who treated me and the mrs. like regulars. Felt like home for the game, also won a raffle!. The burger was off the hook good. Hope you guys enjoy that charger helmet!... Take the bronco one down!Timmy
5	5 stars because of the amount of games they have here! Shuffleboard is free, Fooseball is .75 cents, Pool is $1, and Darts were $3.50 for a cricket game of 4 people.  They also have a great beer special: $7 pitchers for domestic, non-craft! All the times I've gone it's been clean, the waitress and bartender are both friendly and I have a great time! The only thing that I'm a little confused about is the hours. It says on yelp that they're 24/7 but last time I went on Thursday, around 1am they turned off half of the lights, looked like they were completing closing procedures and I kept noticing the waitress and bartender looking at my group so I took that as a cue to leave. When we were checking out, they didn't say anything so I don't really know lolBut overall, a great place to hang out with friends. I'll definitely be back soon!
4	This is a great locals bar! They have good bar food, video poker and great service. Watch out for Jake! He's a great bartender and his sarcasm is part of his charm.
3	Pluses for having a shuffleboard table and not charging for it. Otherwise, yikes for how banged up it is. For being a local bar, the prices for drinks are not that inexpensive. A league forms on Saturday nights to play shuffleboard and it takes some time to get some play if you are not a part of it. It is a good thing that the table is not timed because to work around the sand and the grooves set into the table takes time.The fact that they have a fooseball table, dart boards, pool table, golden tee, and a golden tee knockoff of bowling insures there are enough bar games to keep a large group occupied. The offerings for drinks is pretty basic and not very exciting.
5	This is a great Charger Bar.  It is clean for a bar of this style (I could take wife there).  We had the Everything pizza and it was really good.  All of the people are friendly and I will definitely be back next time I am in Vegas and I want to see a Charger game. They have plenty of TV's that all around the bar so there is not a bad seat.  They even have a room with a Huge screen with seating for around 20-25 people.  And to top it off, Ron the owner was a nice guy as well.
