5	Bree Buckle is an agent for State Farm Auto Insurance.Bree Buckle opened up early for me to get in to get my insurance paperwork done.  Bree Buckle called me up the day after my accident with her priority being that I was A) Okay and B) Not to stress over the whole car situation.Bree Buckle's staff rocks and is attentive, friendly, and as my first and only car insurance company I've had, I appreciate the lot of them.  I've gone in, sat down, and chatted with them casually a couple of times and they're always accommodating.   I'm super satisfied with Bree Buckle and the job her staff has done for me!  Even if I found a lower rate, (to a certain extent), I'd stick with her just because.  I'm happy with State Farm, with the job she's done, and I'm still with her after two years.
5	I was lucky enough to find out about this state farm through a generic insurance quote engine and I could not be happier. The staff here are so nice and extremely helpful and I have always felt like I am priority no matter what the issue. I switched by renters insurance, auto insurance, and re-financed my to auto loans with this locations assistance and not only saved money but was able to consolidate everything in one locations. I love my agent Jodi Fisher and she is always checking in on us and maintaining contact to be sure my family is happy. I recently was in a car accident and I could not believe how fast they took care of me and handled the situation. I was rear-ended at 0745 am, on the phone with my agent at 0930 am and had a call from a collision specialist by 1000 am. My care was seen and appraised that same day. i could not ask for faster service or a more caring team than I have at state farm. I would recommend to everyone, you wont be disappointed.
5	I love the atmosphere in this office!!  These are 'realist' business people you'll ever meet!  Jon and Amanda are professional but lots of fun, very informative and always have what's most beneficial to me at heart!  Love, Love, Love these guys!!
