5	Jay has been taking care of my cars for years. He is very detail oriented and does a fantastic job.  The price is great and they come to wherever you are!!!!  I highly recommend this detail and carwash service!  From Bentlys to Beemers, he does them all!!!
5	Big J used to have the car wash on the corner of 44th and Indian school. People loved taking their nice cars to him for a hand wash. He always had high ratings on Yelp. It's even better now that J comes to your place. Highly recommend using him and his service. Good guy too!
5	Big J's is the best most reliable hand carwash in the valley.  I have been a loyal customer for years and his mobile service has proven to be no less than outstanding.  With competitive prices and outstanding service I would highly recommend his service for any car, mobile home or boat.  I have trusted him with all my family cars from our Honda's to our exotic cars.  You won't be disappointed  As a benefit Mr. J always has a smile for his customers.I WOULDN'T TRUST MY CARS TO ANYONE ELSE!!!!!
5	Came to my front door, same day appointment and had my 2014 Audi Q5 looking better than it did pulling off the lot. Amazing job and great price.
5	For the past 2 years, I've noticed Big J and his crew cleaning cars in the back lot at the Atrium.  I office here and enjoy the great natural environment of the koi ponds, open courtyard and views of Camelback Mountain.  After an introduction from of his biggest fans and clients, an Interior Designer in the building, I got Big J's phone number and background.  He had the car wash that was a fixture for years on the intersection of 44th & Indian School Rd in Arcadia.  There is now a brand new Chick fil A at the same location.  Anyway, I noted that he came by every week or two and made it a point to schedule with him in the future.Fast forward to last week, he was there on Tuesday and I left my keys with him while I went up and took care of clients for 5 hours.  After I was done with work, my shiny, brand new looking, Explorer was waiting in the back lot.  He did a great job with both the interior and exterior.  I will definitely use Big J again in the near future.  Sometimes I just a quick $5 wash near home.  When I have an event coming up or after a big road trip, I will be calling Big J's Hand Carwash!
5	I have been looking high and low for Big J and his crew! I've been going to his Arcadia carwash on 44th and Indian School for over a decade and just about cried when he told me he wasn't going to be able to stay there. I've never driven a Tesla or an R8 but they treated my humble vehicles just the same. I couldn't beat the price for the service and I am so happy to have found them again!
