2	The location is nice, with plenty of outdoor seating on the river. The food is not that great.  They have an all you can eat crab leg dinner.  My husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked.  I had a crab cake sandwich in which I could not really taste the crab.  Prices:  Sandwiches ~$10, Entrees, ~$18, Crab legs, $25.
2	Great place to get a drink on the deck and watch the river traffic, but that's the only good point of the place.  Food's okay - nothing to write home about; service is pretty average and a bit unfriendly; decor is a little too "tacky nautical".  Prices are pretty average, but too high for the quality and service levels.
5	Totally underrated by the Yelpers!I freakin' LOVE Redfin Blues.  I'm kind of glad it had a low rating previously to keep y'all away while I was living in Pittsburgh!  The only reason I'm even reviewing it now is because I have moved away and I'm not at risk for losing my table to a Yelp reader.  Also, I feel guilty at not letting people in on this gem.To be clear, I LOVE Redfin Blues for a very SPECIFIC purpose: sitting outside on the patio by the water on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon drinking the bar out of Red Stripe and white wine and eating peel and eat shrimp by the 2 pound bowl with B, Ems, Boyfriend, and whoever else is so lucky.  It is a hidden gorgeous Pittsburgh oasis under the 31st bridge near Washington's Landing (note: the Yelp map is wrong) where you don't feel at all like you're in Pittsburgh, but instead on vacation.Disclaimer: I have heard that at night it is full of strange frat boys (from no actual fraternity), Cougars, tramps, creatures of the night  -- or undesirables.  I don't go at night so my credibility wanes here a little.I basically only ever eat the peel and eat shrimp.  It's just cooked shrimp - sometimes it's big, sometimes it's little.  But it's $17 for TWO pounds which isn't too overpriced especially since it can feed a tableful of friends.  Ask for extra old bay if you like it spicy and salty - yum! I've also had the fried cod sandwich - the fish is crisp and flaky and darn good!  I always take it off the bread to keep it as crispy as possible but those who know me know I have an obsession with fried crispy-ness.  The breading isn't too too heavy so that is a plus too.  I've also had the crab cakes which are meh  but fine for Pittsburgh standards and I would definitely steer clear of the crab legs.  Ok, so really you should go to this place - if you like peel and eat shrimp, cold drinks by the river, and occasionally a keyboardist who plays and sings in the background pretty quietly.  Some of my favorite Pittsburgh moments happened here and that's saying a LOT.  Redfin Blues makes me miss you Pittsburgh!
1	Pittsburgh has a shortage of riverfront dining, so this place wins points for ambience on a nice warm day. Have a drink and enjoy the deck, but save your dining budget for somewhere else.  The menu is blah and the food is also.I recently had lunch here, and the waitress first forgot my meal entirely, bringing food to everyone else at the table.  When I reminded her, she returned with my clam chowder, spilled it, didn't apologize, and didn't clean it up.  All that would have been forgiven if the soup had been any good.
3	Great location! Love biking through here and stopped for drinks a few times. I have to say the service and some of the guests give off snobby vibes. Good wine list, have not tried the food. Live entertainment a plus. Feels like your on a beach vacation when you're here!
3	Better than some reviews.  Guess it depends on the night.  Went late evening after kayaking on the river.  Sat outside and waited....Waitresses both thought it was the other's table.  After that, service was good.  Was crowded.  Had the crab cake sandwich, which was pretty good...better than I expected from this type of establishment and not to much breading.  Pizza was good, the pasta dish was OK.  Beer not draft//why??? Wines were below par//Why???  Was pleasantly surprised!
2	After reading old reviews I figured that some change had to have occurred over the last year and gave it a shot. Went with my boyfriend after biking along the north shore trail, and didn't tell him about the negative reviews since I REALLY wanted to sit along the river. The view/environment is still very pretty, but we both found ourselves displeased with the food and the service. We both got the beer battered cod sandwhich (convinced him to go basic after reading bad things about the food) and although he enjoyed it, I thought the batter was very doughy and uncooked on the fish, and the tartar sauce tasted grainy (any giant eagle brand would have been better). It didn't seem like others were too crazy about the food as I heard the woman behind us complaining that her dish wasn't cooked and would like a refund. The beers were bottled and cold, so couldn't complain there, but the service was still poor as we were rushed to choose our drinks/dishes and given a second to pay. Would have thought after all the reviews that they would have changed employees. Overall, I would come here again only for some beers and nice seating, but would eat dinner beforehand.
1	Awful service, overpriced food. Don't waste your money! On arrival, waitress seemed lost.  Ordered food for 3 adults, one kid, food came for adults, after a couple of minutes my mom asked when my sons food would be coming, waitress said she would check, came back and said his pizza hadnt been cooked yet. Cancelled the pizza, paid $4 for a little bowl of white lettuce with some cheese thrown on it, fried shrimp was expense, but looked like cookie cutter frozen shrimp. Spoke to manager, who had a horrible attitude and found out that the waitress never put the pizza order in for my son and then lied and told the manager he wasnt at the table when we ordered our food. If you give these people your money, it would be foolish!
2	Ate this yesterday and was very impressed with the atmosphere and scenery, but that was about it. The wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor. I figured seafood would be their bread and butter but their Ahi tuna was tasteless. The salads you get with an entree is the size of a dixie cup and the lettuce is cheap iceburgh crap. If I go back again I will def just order beer and appetizers as the Buffalo shrimp were pretty good. If showing someone the city this is a good place for atmosphere but if you're a food critic check your taste buds at the door.
4	the setting of redfin blues is supreme. in just a short drive, you feel like you're not in the city anymore with the water views and breeze. you can watch the more-well-to-do folks on their motorboats and listen to the lounge singer. the food is good, but not superb. but nothing can really compete with the surroundings anyway, so good is good enough in this case. the best part? you can take a walk around the beautiful trail on Washington's Landing after your meal to stretch your legs (and your stomach), and to catch a gorgeous pgh skyline view.
4	Had a very pleasant lunch here on a Sunday. Not busy, service fine, food fine. Nice setting. Great for a nice relaxed time.
2	I love the location, and I keep trying to give Redfin Blues a chance, but the food is always average at best and the service is less than mediocre.  The setting is fabulous, there's a bike trail that runs right through the middle of the restaurant and you can sit right along the river and feel like you are in some exotic location.  I still enjoy eating here on occasion, but I always keep my expectations low about the food and service.  Maybe one day that will change.
4	Good fare, reasonable prices, great atmosphere and probably the best restaurant river view in town. The deck is fabulous. Very casual. Owner is currently dealing with a pest problem, but seems aware and concerned. Will check back regularly.
3	It has all been said before--it's a great place to settle in for a beer.  The night I was there a couple of guys were performing music.  We had the wings--I would not call them memorable.  Again, a great view of the river and the city.
4	We went to Redfin Blues for Lunch from work on a Friday. It has a really nice location right beside the river. I found out that this restaurant was built as a sort of a stopping destination for all the boats out in the river. People would just stop by for lunch and refuel, and soon it became a full fledged restaurant. I ordered the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with Cheddar cheese and a side of fries. The chicken was really juice. I mean "really juicy". I had been eating at the Irish bars in downtown and the food here was different and more fresh. It isn't too bad on the wallet also, 12 bucks for a meal including drink. My co-worker ordered the fish sandwich and he really liked it.  I must add that the lunch menu is kinda small, about 10 items in all I would say. They did have a couple of salads though. Those of you who like to order from huge menus with pages after pages, might be a little disappointed with the choices available. The waitress wasn't the most friendliest we have seen and all of us agreed on that one. She did come in towards the end and said she wasn't having the best of days as a lot of people had decided not to show up for work. All in all a nice place to visit for a meal by the river.
3	The only reason I really go here is when I'm on my boat and get hungry, and this is one of the few boat-up bar/restaurants in the city.  The complete lack of boat+drink+food spots in this city should be the subject of another post.  Although this place has a lot of potential, the beer list is lacking and comparatively expensive.  The food is mediocre generally, though I did get a pretty decent fish sandwich last time I was here.  I've had several of their apps, and none of them were worth writing home about.  Come here if you're looking for a "chill" environment, good patio dining, and a nice view of the river.  If you're only looking for a good meal, I definitely don't recommend it.
3	In the warmer months it's always nice to be by the water so a couple of friends and I checked this place out recently.  The food was so-so.  I got the seafood pizza and while there was a decent amount of crab and shrimp, flavor was missing.  It needed something besides the pizza crust and some crab and shrimp...some sorta sauce to complement the seafood would have been welcomed.  We had the buffalo shrimp as an appetizer and those were really good.  But everything else that I had was mediocre at best.  The service was great, or I should say our waitress was very patient with us considering we were a bit rowdy from drinking earlier in the evening.  If you're in the area or are looking for an outdoor venue, I'd recommend this place.
1	The only reason anyone goes to this restaurant is to sit on the deck and drink.  I want to like this place so badly I keep coming back and hoping that it'll be awesome and it just never is.  Like dating someone who is very very hot but also very very stupid, it's amazing how much patience one can have if there's a really good atmosphere.One year I took my father here for his birthday.  I don't usually call people names but our waitress was just a complete idiot to the point we felt bad for her and that was the ONLY reason we didn't freak out on her completely.  She forgot my dad's food order.  She brought out mine, but then neglected to notice that my dad was sitting there with nothing.  The manager came out and took our drinks off hte tab, btu that didn't help very much bc we'd only been able to order one round in an hour of waiting bc the waitress had only come to our table twice.  Then when they brought my dad's steak out, the waitress dropped it (I felt bad for her), and apparently that was their last steak.  I just paid the bill and we left and went to Eat n Park.The second time I came back the service was equally as terrible, but also it was late summer and our table was literally attacked by wasps.  Seriously, attacked by wasps.  My friend got stung.Another time I'd made a reservation for my friends 30th bday and they said htey didn't do reservations but could put tables together.  When we showed up, it was like I'd never called.The last time I was there it was ok, but after being attacked by wasps my friend and I opted for the patio and only ordered burgers.The service here SUCKS.  Getting attacked by bees and then having to wait for your server to bring you ice sucks (holding a cold beer bottle against the sting helps).  It just sucks here.But the atmosphere is fantastic!  When your waitress comes ot hte table, just order a whole bunch of bottled beers nad you should be ok.
4	Finally, the beer battered fish sandwich I had been looking for (I'm starting quite a few of my reviews off like this lately. Hmm ... )!Somehow, even though I had been living in Heinz Lofts for a year, I had never heard of this place. It's literally a two minute drive from there or a great bike ride, but whatever. That mistake has been rectified. I went for lunch last week with my boyfriend and one of his coworkers. Anyone who knows me knows that I love the outside. Sitting outside and eating and drinking, not really being active outside. So this place is right up my alley.When we were first handed the lunch menu, I thought, "Eh." It's short and seemed really random. I settled on the fish sandwich as it was cheap and I still wasn't 100% sold on this place. They do have Heineken Light, which I am a big fan of, so that was a plus. For me, at least. I think I am alone in this city with my love of Heini Light. My fish sandwich was so, so tasty and what I had been looking for since I went to Penn Ave Fish Company. Perfect breading and the bun did not conflict with the taste. I slather on the tartar sauce because I'm that kind of gal. I had fries as a side and they were tasty.Great lunch and great location for relaxing. I could have stayed there all day.
2	It's hard to beat the atmosphere of this place in the summer. It's outdoor dining is right on the river, hovering above Washington's Landing Marina. However, the service is seriously lacking. With my parent's boat docked right below Redfin's, we frequently dine here before headed out on the water. The service has always been very slow. I understand that on a typical Friday or Saturday night it can get rather busy, but they should anticipate the crowd and be able to plan accordingly to accommodate! Luckily, the view is so nice that most of the time we're left waiting....and waiting....and waiting....it isn't too big of a deal because we're enjoying the outdoor space. The food is average. Nothing I've had there was to die for, but on the same token, nothing was awful either. I'd only suggest this place to marina-goers or those looking for a nice outdoor dining space. Oh, and only come if you have lots of time!
2	average at best. Best view of the city by far though. Go in summer or no point in going. The beer battered fish is good, yet there's much better in the city. It's nice and crispy, served on a fresh roll, tartar, lettuce, all that jazz. However again it's not worth venturing over for unless weather is perfect for an evening outside. Chicken quesidilla, same thing. Average. I've went for 6 years now waiting for it to become something good. It's not going to happen. But I'll keep trying hoping.
1	Dear Redfin Blues,I can't begin to express my disappointment in your establishment. Such high expectations were set when we were greeted at the host stand and sent of for cocktails on a 20 min wait list (which apparently never existed). After 30 mins and seeing literally 4 parties that noticeably came in after us be seated, I reminded the host who directed us to the bar that we were still waiting. After 20 more minutes and 2 more parties getting sat (one who sat themselves) I approached a blonde woman seating and cleaning tables to let her know that we could be removed from the "list". To which she replied "what list?" And didn't even bother to apologize... nothing was offered to assist us in our search for sustenance nor was there anything offered for our inconvenience. Fortunately, for us, the disaster at your restaurant lead us to discover a new place, that we have decided to frequent. So, thank you for f**king up.
1	Just returned from RFBlues, where I usually enjoy myself quite a lot.The bartender gave my sandwich by mistake to another customer. No bigdeal; pink salmon looks a lot like white chicken, assuming she'scolorblind. I waited.And had a 2nd drink.Another group of 3 people came in after that, ordered their meals, andgot served their entrees.I went up to the bartender and asked when my dinner would be coming.She announced that "salmon takes longer to cook" (than what??? a rawsalad? I cook; salmon is one of the fastest things on earth to cook!),and that "I was about to check on that..." It had been over an hour bynow.I got my sandwich promptly after complaining.A few minutes later, when I finished my salmon, I got my side ofvegetables (apparently vegetables take even longer than salmon tocook!).All sarcasm aside: one screw up is tolerable. The second - forgettingto even check on my late order until I complained, an hour after Iordered, is not. And yet, I wasn't given the least consideration inthe bill.
2	A little pricy for food but not too bad. Sitting above the little docks there is nice on a hot day. When they put the boats in the water it's a little noisy but entertaining. I had a fish sandwich and it was a little greasy and bland and the tartar sauce was also bland. Iced tea was good. This is not the place to come to have a good meal, but a nice view and a breeze then it's ok. Next time I think I will just get drinks and an appetizer and enjoy the view.Other people I see complained about the service but our waitress was really good and took care of us without hovering.
4	Completely chill environment. I pretty much always get the chicken quesadilla which is awesome, so I really can't comment on anything else. The prices are good and the service is quick.
3	This is a really nice place to hang out during the summer and while the weather is good.  Coming from a sunny country, with lots of coastline and having lived for many years in California as well, this place gives to me "some" of the same feel.  However, having said that, the restaurant itself it is extremely purely run.  The service seems to be in a hurry (even when there are not many people really in the place).  The menu has different details from what the chef is preparing (e.g., one item we order was supposed to come with potato salad based on the menu but it came with fries).  We also heard people at the nearby tables complaining about their orders being mixed up.  With respect to the food it is nothing spectacular, but it is not bad as well.  I would definitely like to try more things on their menu.  I will certainly give it a try during the summer time for sure, but I think the owner needs to re-consider the management of this location because it could really be a gold mine!
4	A Pittsburgh restaurant that opens "for the season."  I went to Redfin Blues with a family member recently, as she recently moved to Pittsburgh's North Shore.  This establishment is not new, but definitely picks up in business when the weather is nice.Redfin Blues was packed around 7 PM on a Sunday night (it helped that the weather was gorgeous). We only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, relaxing and sipping on Corona's with lime. Upon being seated, we decided to split some appetizers (chicken quesedillas and peel-n-eat shrimp). The cocktail sauce for the shrimp was amazing and shrimp was plentiful. The quesadillas were hot and filled with hearty ingredients of cheese, meet, sour cream and salsa.  If anything, check this place out for the deck.  Was I in Pittsburgh, PA?!  I was proud of my hometown for its uncanny way bringing opportunities of discovery to a hometown resident.
1	It was my Anniversary tonight, a Tuesday. I was so excited to get All You Can Eat Crab  Legs!!! My favorite food of all time!!! But when we arrived at 8:20pm, the very unfriendly waitress said that their kitchen was closed!!!!! BOOOOOOOOOO!!!! Their website, as well as Yelp, states that they are open until 10pm!!! We would've been long gone by then! Very disappointing. Well, we ended up driving a lot farther than we intended, but had a wonderful dinner at Joe's Crab Shack in Station Square. I got my LEGS!!!! And they had $2 Hurricanes to boot!!! Ended up eating a better meal, with cheaper drinks, and we ended up tipping our waiter 30% because he was awesome!!!! Should've just gone there in the first place! I will know better from now on!!!
2	The location of Redfin Blues is great! It overlooks the river, and makes for a lovely place to hang out and have a few drinks... However, the food and service is sub par. Each time that I have been here, whether it be an extremely bustling Saturday evening, or a slow weekday afternoon, the service has been poor. The food is average, and is way overpriced. There are many other great places in Pittsburgh to go if you want a yummy fish sandwich. Redfin Blues has the potential to be such a great restaurant! But with the poor service and average food, it has a lot to yearn for.
2	The food can be ok.. So can the service.. If you come by boat or bike make sure you are fully clothed.. They may look at you like you are nuts if you show up in a bathing suit.. For every 2 good waitresses there is 1 good.. I like the beer battered chicken sandwich.. The shrimp quesadilla had weird textured shrimp.. The peel and eat shrimp are pretty good..
4	4 stars for the atmosphere. There are not many places in Pittsburgh to dine along the water and the outdoor seating at Redfin Blues is fantastic-huge outdoor deck with lots of tables under umbrellas. It was the perfect venture for Sunday Funday and I don't know why I have never been here before-well it is pretty hidden. They have a large parking lot and the outdoor seating was seat yourself.  It wasn't crowded so the service was fine but I could see on a busy Friday or Saturday the service would be less than stellar. We drank a beer (they only have bottled beers) and sat by the river to watch the boats go by.  The beers are pricy as our Curious Traveler Shandy was $6.50 each but it was a perfect drink for a hot day!  The menu is mostly seafood and pricey-the buffalo shrip where you only get 5 was $11.  It was only 3pm so we went with an appetizer of cheese fries with bacon and ranch-delicious and how could you go wrong! The fries had a tasty seasoning on them.
4	I have been to this place many times over the last 6 years(here visiting family) and I think because I'm so distracted with the view, the company, and the people watching I don't really notice that the service is sub par.  They are friendly, they are accurate and they are BUSY.  Food is always amazing! "Yay, I'm a fan"
3	Great location and fun for drinks on a beautiful day. If their food quality was better it would be worth the price, because it's just OK at best. That's the only thing missing from this place which is too bad cuz other than the food I love it.
