5	Multiple wonderful experiences with Rob from Weapons Training Fundamentals! I had a few personal training sessions with Rob to improve my accuracy with my handgun as well as to gain comfort using a shot gun and other large weapons. I found that some local ranges treated me inappropriately because I am a female and came in with many questions. Rob was extremely professional and eagerly answered every question I had in great detail. I never felt embarrassed asking any question I had. I was so impressed with the professionalism, knowledge and training skill Rob had, I hired him to come into my home and do CCW instruction for me and my dad. There is nothing like learning details of self defense in the comfort of your own living room. Rob was even comfortable dealing with my very large dog and didn't mind when she drooled on his computer. After discussing my CCW experience with friends who have taken the class through other companies, I feel my training was in greater depth and covered details other instructors omit. I feel Rob is genuinely concerned with my personal safety and is passionate to help educate. I recommend Weapons Training Fundamentals without hesitation and am looking forward to further improving my firearm skills with Rob. I will use them for all my future firearm education and instruction needs.
5	Rob is a top notch instructor dealing with the proper handling, maintenance, storage, and usage of firearms of all kinds. I had a CCW course with him recently and it was a wonderful experience.First of all, I grew up around firearms. I think I was about 7 or 8 when my Dad first took me to the range. I've shot pretty regularly since then (30+ years) and was always a decent shot and I thought I knew a lot about pistol firing. Then I took Rob's CCW course which was a gift from my father. It covered the history, mechanics, and physics of pistol handling as well some of the legal considerations (Rob is quick to point out that he is not a lawyer) regarding the current state of concealed carry. After a one day course, I made a few simple changes to my stance and pistol grip and greatly improved my shot groupings.The best part is that Rob is a very down-to-earth, practical instructor. Before I met him I was expecting a gun instrutor to be some hard ass, you-must-do-it-this-way sort of guy. But Rob is far from that. He acknowledges that people and guns come in all shapes and sizes and that what may work for one person may not work for another. The course I took with 5 other family members and Rob took time to personally advise and adjust each one of our grips and stances before and during our time at the range. What is even more impressive is that Rob has not only participated in law enforcement at the local, federal, and international levels, he was a TRAINER at the local, federal, and international levels. Highly recommended and will return for more tactical instruction when time permits.
5	Progressive diplomatic mediator urban lawyer, sick of city violence + visiting retired parents in Las Vegas for the holidays + gift of a gun class?!? =  Potential disaster!Thankfully, Rob was the instructor, and he somehow bundled together a ton of information about this dangerous, controversial thing and presented it in such a way that even I, with my misgivings, walked away feeling educated and empowered.A lesser gun class instructor could've come across as gun-crazy, reactionary, jaded or ignorant -- especially to my already skeptical ears.  But Rob really surprised me.  Because of the way he spoke, with respect, urging temperance, and shooting only as a last resort, my slight reluctance shifted into neutrality, then interest.  He taught the class in an impartial way, which can make a class really boring and dry.  But not Rob...he told so many personal anecdotes that it was impossible not to listen and wait for the next story.  Also, he emphasized safety, caution and discretion -- there was no rally cry to create an army of vigilantes.  Rob was also a great instructor at the range.  He never rushed through any questions we had and made sure to give one-on-one pointers regarding stance, posture, grip, etc.I'm so happy I took the class -- it's a good feeling, knowing that I could handle a gun if I needed to, or disarm a gun if I found one.  And I couldn't have learned it so well without Rob.  I would highly, highly recommend this class to anyone, even the gun-shy (haha!).
