2	I went there for lunch with a friend. We have tried most all-you-can eat sushi places in Waterloo so our judgement is pretty accurate.The sushi rolls had too much rice on them. This made every roll taste the same and you end up getting full on rice! The tempura and fried foods (dumplings, spring roll) were all pretty oily. The teriyaki dishes were okay, but nothing too special to order more. Lastly, the buffet didn't seem to be very fresh although it had a good variety (we went at around 1pm).As for price, it is pretty standard for any AYCE sushi place, and though this place is convenient for UW students I would much rather bus to Ye's.
2	Food tastes premade and stored in a fridge. Have eaten at many restaurants in the area and this has got to be one of the few ones I'd never go back to. The service is worth the two stars, the food? None.
4	Much better than I expected after reading these reviews.I went at around 8:30pm with a friend.  There were a good variety of foods, all of decent to great taste; the quality of the foods is slightly below that of Sushi99 (AKA still pretty good.)  There's free sodas if you're into that sort of stuff, and the central buffet includes some food seafood (shrimp/mussels/...lobster!!!)Service was good too, nice waitress, nice cooks who brought out our food.
4	I live around campus, and I don't like bussing all the way to Sushi 99, or other sushi places, so I was really happy that this place opened up nearby. I thought the food was mediocre, but for the location and price, it's a pretty nice place. And for a $14 lunch, I thought it was worth it. The sushi is not up to par with other places like Sushi 99,  but it's not bad either. The salmon was sushi was decent, and they put lots of fish in the hand rolls. Though, if you're really picky about good quality sushi, this probably isn't the place for you.They also have a buffet bar in the middle, where you can go up and get rice, noodles, ice cream, dessert, etc. I personally liked this a lot because when I order a rice dish, the portion's usually too big for me to finish.The service was also pretty friendly and the food came out pretty fast. Would come again if I'm around the plaza and feeling hungry.
2	Quality isn't really good and it takes a while for them to bring the food to us. There's a buffet bar downstairs to fill you up before the sushi orders arrive lol. The only plus for this place is it's close to UW and has unlimited refill of soft drinks. Other than that I would rather bus to Itamae.
1	Worst sushi place I have ever been to, do not go.
2	Food quality wasn't very good, the pricing is similar to any other all you can eat maybe even a bit cheaper. Not that it matters much but decorating and food presentation was also lower than sushi restaurants around. Take home message food quality was below average. I won't be returning to eat here.
2	Not sure what I expected, its an ayce sushi place at a extremely low price. And although normally I'm all for a great deal, I left here indifferent. The quality of the sushi is passable. Quality of items vary dish to dish, from 'yeah that totally tastes like what I expected' to 'poop scented tentacles'. Your are sure to find an item you like and more that you don't. But somewhere in between the sketchy budget decor, mushy udon, or rainbow ice cream something felt very wrong. But I am rather biased. I have grown less and less fond of ayce sushi for many of the reasons which are core to Green Sushi. Stuff your face with budget sushi, leave with a lifetime of regret.
3	This is a combination of Chinese steam table with ayce sushi, and you get access to both. Some dishes are exactly what you'd expect from an ayce sushi, and that's as good as it gets. Nothing spectacular and some miserable dishes. I say for the lunch price, it is worth it if you want a lot of Green dragon rolls but are on a budget. The steam table is decent as well. And like any other buffet, there is always ice cream. :)Avoid this place for dinner.
