4	The restaurants at the Red Rocks food court offer vegetarian options, but Capriotti's is the only place that offers four mock meats (turkey, steak, salami and burger). I did a doubletake at the menu on the wall, because although they had a vegetarian section, I thought it was a mistake. Looking closely I saw the "Vegetarian Meats are 100% Meatless." Bingo!!I initially ordered the Cheese Steak (which I was really looking forward to) - but was told that it was still frozen and not ready (I got there at 11am). So I opted for the Turkey sandwich. Mmmmmm! The mock turkey portions were generous on a sub roll, with lettuce, tomato, lettuce and italian seasonings. It reminded me of the days of growing up in New Jersey and eating hoagies from Wawa. I would give them five stars if they had vegan mayonnaise (like the excellent Wildwood Garlic Aioli).I hope I get a chance to try their vegetarian cheese steak (btw, if you're ever in San Francisco, check out Jay's Cheesesteaks for their seitan offerings).
4	Some good stuff. We were visiting Red Rock and decided to try this place. I remember the bread was soft and good flavors.
5	I have to review this spot just because this is my favorite Capriotti's around.I normally place larger, complicated orders (Capriotti's is excellent for motivating!) and they are always super fast and accurate which is cool for a location inside a casino food court.The Bobbie's always delicious...as is everything else on the menu.If you want something more warm the Cheese steak sandwich is killer.
5	Capriotti's is a chain, but don't let that stop you if you want one of the best Italian subs in town, as well as cheesesteaks that rival what you'd find in my hometown Philadelphia.  AND they sell Tastykakes!I live in the neighborhood and often pop into this location (in Red Rock Resort's food court) to pick up a sandwich for lunch (tip: park in the parking structure or parking lot closest to the highway so you don't have to walk clear across the casino floor to get to the food court).Unfortunately, Capriotti's doesn't serve french fries, so they are unable to complete the Holy Trinity of Unhealthy Philadelphia Fast Food which I love so much - 1) cheesesteaks, 2) cheese fries, and then 3) Tastykakes for dessert.  But I can't knock them for what they do serve at all, so thumbs up.
4	I've been to Capriotti's twice and both times Ive had a tasty sandwich.  They have a nice selection of cold and warm sandwiches plus some signature items.  The key to any good sandwich however is the bread and lets just say Capriotti's is no Subway....and that's a good thing.   You have a choice of small or large but to be honest I thought the small was pretty darn big, so if you order a large it better be for 2 people or because you just helped a friend move into his third floor apartment without an elevator.  The first time I went in there, I grabbed a Capicola sandwich which is always one of my favorite.  They were generous with the meat and the veggies that accompanie it were fresh.   The second time decided to throw caution into the wind and I got one of their signature sandwiches, The Capistrammi.  Talk about a heart attack in wrapping!  Thats not to say it wasn't good, because it was delicious but considering it was stacked with warm, buttery pastrami, coleslaw, mayo and russian dressing, you better not be on Cholesterol meds when you try it!  Next time I go there I want to try their other famous signature sandwich, the Bobby.  It looks like a  full thanksgiving meal in sandwich form.  I should start clearing room in my stomach now and I'll probably be ready for it sometime early next month!Prices are a tad on the higher side, but nothing outrageous.  You're getting  a higher quality sandwich than at a lot of other joints, so its totally reasonable.  This particular location is at the Red Rock Casino but it still has the same full menu as you would find at any of their other locations.  Great spot to grab a bite before the movies right next door...unless its a movie you really want to see because you might lapse into a food coma!
4	The cheese steak is pretty amazing. I didn't know it was a chain until I moved to Las Vegas. Thankfully there is one near my house and I don't have to drive to Red Rock for a great sandwich. But I would if I had to.
4	Capastrami sandwich with the cole slaw is unique and good. Definitely be going back for this one. Convenient location in the Red Rock casino.
5	GOBBLE gobble GOBBLE...Whenever I get that craving for leftover Thanksgiving dinner, my go to spot is Capriotti's!I should probably preface this with:I'm a COLD, leftover food kinda girl!COLD pizza, COLD spaghetti, COLD anything really.......and the BOBBIE at Capriotti's tickles my fancy!Thick slices of COLD roasted turkey, scoops of COLD stuffing, cranberry sauce, mayo, fresh bread........MMMmmmMMM, the freakin' goodness!=)Yeah, I've tried other sandwiches they make (and they're GREAT too), but my motto is:"If it ain't broke, don't f**k with it!"
4	While waiting for my movie to start, I stopped here for a bite to eat. I'm a first timer at Capriotti's and not much of a sandwich person at that.I ordered the most familiar thing on the menu --- cheese steak sandwich, plain. It came warm, cheesy, and oh so gooey. The quality of the meat and cheese were top notch. It was probably the best cheese steak sandwich I've had; I think it is a lot better than Subway's version. I thought it was kind of pricey though --- $11 for a small drink and a 9" sub. This was in a casino though, so I'm not sure how the prices compare to a standalone shop. I'm not a sandwich person, but I'll probably stop by on another occasion.
3	Stopped by the Capriotti's (for the first time) before catching the movies in the Red Rock Casino. This place sells cold, hot, and  cap special  sandwiches. I ordered one of their specials--Capastrami (cold slaw, hot pastrami, melted Swiss cheese, with Russian dressing.)REVIEW FOR THE CAPASTRAMI:i thought it was ok. The bread was soft--like slightly microwaved-soft (not sure if that is a good thing or a bad thing.) The proportion was half cold slaw and half hot pastrami (with melted cheese and dressing in between). I was expecting the proportion to be more like 2/3 pastrami and 1/3 cold slaw, with the pastrami over-flowing and hanging over the sandwich--but it wasn't.  Because of the proportion, the sandwich didn't scream out "pastrami" in my mouth. In addition, i felt like the meat was way under-seasoned, which made it seemed like i was eating any other sandwiches with lunch meat inside. In conclusion, the sandwich did not lived up to its name.The only aspect i liked about the sandwich was the hot and cold textures. I probably wouldn't come back for their Capastrami. If i want a good pastrami sandwich, I would go over to Towers Deli (@ Venetian) and get their "New York Sky High." Boombb!!!**overall, the sandwich didn't impress me, but it wasn't bad either. I would come back and try their other sandwiches. Possibly  "the Bobbi's" (heard its their most famous sandwich.)
1	I went here with my heart set on a veggie cheesesteak and you were out.  I was told by the sandwich jockey that it is "a very popular sandwich."  Well, if you are aware of this, then why not order/stock more?  It is either in refrigerated or frozen vacuum-sealed packs (yes, I have seen you prepare it before), so that tells me that it has a decent shelf life... so keep it in stock!My second choice was an eggplant parm sandwich, until you told me the marinara sauce has meatballs in it... what?  Please consider the vegetarians and don't have the meat in the red sauce.  It is extremely easy to keep meatballs separate from marinara sauce, and just sauce the meatballs as needed.I am so disappointed in Capriotti's Red Rock!!!!
3	My friends came to Las Vegas and wanted to eat here for lunch. She said that there is only 1 CAPRIOTTI'S in CA (where shes from), which is located in Beverly Hills. Luckily, theres Caps all over town in LV. This gave me the perfect opportunity to try out their Bobbie.I never had a traditional " Thanksgiving..in your mouth.." type of sandwich before, so I didn't know what to expect. This cold sub had layers of home-made turkey meat, sweet cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayo spread. -I'm never a big fan of cold subs.-My family doesn't have turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce during Thanksgiving. So I guess I didn't know how to appreciate the sub.-The combination of cold turkey, sweet cranberry sauce, cold soft/soggy stuffing..was just okay. I wasn't wowed or felt like I tasted a bit of heaven or anything.I think this sub is suited for someone else that knows how to appreciate traditional American Thanksgiving. Everyone I know says this sub is really good. Its just too bad it wasn't for me.
4	Absolutely in love with Capriotti's. Although, the prices can be a bit pricey, but most of the time it's definitely worth it.The Bobby is absolutely amazing if you love having turkey sandwiches. Turkey, gravy, & stuffing in a delicious roll [it comes with cranberry sauce, but I'm not a big fan of any cranberry sauce on my turkey]. But while the Bobby is amazing, their Cheese steak is by far my favorite. You definitely have to get both sweet and hot peppers to make it extra delicious.The one thing I dislike about this specific location is that they only offer two sizes, while most other Capriottis offers three different sizes. The Red Rock location, for some reason, does not offer large sandwiches. Other than that, go and enjoy. Eat a sandwich while gambling, or even sneak it into the movie theater to enjoy during your current movie choice.
4	The best meal I had after four days at Red Rock. Had the Bobby with sliced turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and mayo. Fantastic and huge. The meat was flavorful and the stuffing moist and salty, the way I like it. Huge sandwich on a good roll and a great value.
3	I always seem to join the party a little late.  I've passed by Capriotti's dozens of times, but thought they were just another sandwich shop.  All this time I was clueless, wishing there was a place that offered faux-meat options (other than just a Boca patty), and all along there was such a place!  So I finally went to Capriotti's last week and ordered the Vegetarian Turkey Sub, made with meatless "turkey".  I got a 12" sub -- good for two meals -- and the flavors were very good.  I'm really happy to have discovered another place where I can go for a quick, healthy, vegetarian meal. The other place I've been going, Chipotle, doesn't have faux-meat options like Capriotti's, but you can still order a quick, delicious, nutritious meal there without meat.  Anyway, it's great to have another option.  I'll make Capriotti's an occasional stop from now on, and I look forward to trying some of the other sandwiches, like the vegetarian cheesesteak, or the vegetarian cheeseburger.
4	I was first introduced to this sandwich place in 2009. A friend had urged us to go here before the end of our Las Vegas trip. I ordered the SlawBeJo: roast beef, provolone cheese, russian dressing, cole slaw and mayo...Yes, you read it, cole slaw. I think its the cole slaw that made this sandwich soooo good. Their bread is fresh too. I think the key to any good sandwich is the bread. I don't care how much stuff you put into a sandwich. If the bread sucks, you can best believe that the sandwich will too!The other sandwiches that I've tried are the Cole Turkey and their Cheesteak. The Cole Turkey is just like the SlawBeJo, but with turkey instead. The cheesteak was forgettable.
5	Their turkey and stuffing sandwich is absolutely yummy... It is like the day after Thanksgiving any day you want:)  Also their Roast Beef with coleslaw is a great choice.  Pastrami is really good.  My husband love the steak and cheese with mushrooms.
5	This is definitely the best Capriottis I've been to in Vegas thus far. Maybe because its in a casino environment so you can grab a brew or take your sandwich on the go to the blackjack tables. The staff was very friendly to my guest and I when taking our orders. Everyone had a jolly smile and seemed like they were enjoying their work. I had the Bobbie and it was heaven! Cranberry sauce, stuffing, turkey, and Mayo on a hoagie roll. My second favorite is the Capastrami. Pastrami, coleslaw, and Russian dressing on a hoagie roll. They have small, medium, and large (9in., 12in., and 20in.) sized sandwiches. Capriottis is a bit on the pricey side but its worth every penny.
1	Well I love capriottis but this was not the best experience I've had by far. First off i do like the caps on Sahara and my hubby asked if it was the same owner ...the girl told us no and we explained how we go there cuz its close to work ...her response? "im sorry" and then went on to bash the owner of the other place...i understand competition but that was just not professional. I was actually going to give this place a better rating but then i found myself getting stabbed in the gums by a turkey bone from my Bobbie...i have a picture but unfortunately i don't know how to post it :( im by no means bashing this place but hope the staff will learn to have some class.
5	Great prices (considering that this Capriotti's is located within Red Rock Casino!) excellent customer service and delicious food! Free refills too! Lots of seating. 5 Stars!
5	Having just sampled Capriotti's again, this time at Night of the Living Neon, where they were very generous sponsors, I took my break from the slots at Red Rock for my Wednesday night Food Court Feast.  :)   Their Bobby was calling to me, but I decided to lower the carb quotient by going for their Cole Turkey sandwich.  I guess I didn't realize that, unlike all the other sub joints, Capriotti's uses REAL, FRESH turkey!!, and that helps explain why their prices are a bit higher than the competition.  The sandwich was super.  I asked for the Russian dressing on the side, and I was given a container big enough to dress my next four salads.  The turkey was moist, the provolone really good, and the cole slaw just the way I like it.  My only complaint is that their Small sandwich, at 9", is just too big for me.  I'd love to see a smaller one at a smaller price, but I bet not too many people would share this nit.  I'm a fan!
4	Hmm. Capistrami. The Bobbie. Excellent choices.
4	Capriotti's is awesome... my favorite sub is the Cole Turkey.  It combines cole slaw and turkey with russian dressing.  Great bread.  They also are famous for their "Bobby" sandwich which is a sub with turkey, stuffing, cranberries, etc.  Just like a thanksgiving leftover sandwich.  They also have these great bundt cakes that are moist beyond belief!  They'll refill your soda if you ask too.
3	I wasn't all that surprised how my food turned out. Overall it was a decent sandwich spot. I really recommend other spots to have a sandwich, but this place didn't disappoint because my expectations weren't all that high to begin with.I ordered the capastrami sandwich. Which was kind of good. Not much to talk about as I said, there's really nothing special about eating at this place.
5	Hit the Red Rock food court for a late night munchie fest after the Rock N Roll wine event and had to have a philly cheese steak.Capriotti's has THE best Philly cheese steaks in all of Vegas!Oh yea!
3	A great selection of sandwiches to choose from.  They are well made, fresh, tastey and filling.  I only eat here if I'm really hungry.
4	Capriotti's is my favorite sub place to go in Vegas. Even though most people like the "bobbie" my favorite is the turkey. I get it with mayo or oil depending on my mood with cheese tomato and lettuce. I also have to get pickles and their peppers. Their peppers are amazing and spicy. My mouth is watering thinking about their pepper mix. It definitely makes the sandwich. If you're looking for a meal on the go I reccommend these subs.
5	Love this place! It's not far from where I work and that's a small problem.  The Capastromi and Grilled Italian are delicious.
5	I love Capriotti's vegetarian food. :) Their vegetarian cheese 'steak' sub is great. I had their vegetarian 'turkey' sub in the past and their veggie burger. They are good as well.
5	I dream about the Capastrami's; they are one of the best sandwiches ever invented.My kids like to go to the Red Rock food court before a game of bowling and they get Fat Burger; I enjoy a tasty Capastrami.
4	Get the Bobbie... every inch is like Thanksgiving again! One of the best sandwiches I've eaten ever in life. Only reason it takes a hit is because ordering over the phone is nearly impossible. I hate having to wait a while when I'm hungry already.
5	Love the turkey dinner on a roll! Always friendly staff, very clean and the subs are huge! A++++
5	This is THE best Capriotti's location!  Friendly staff, and the subs are just amazing here.  The best cheesesteak subs and the meatball subs are my other favorite.  Homemade meatballs!  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place and great prices!
4	12inches of Bobbie goodness! The sandwich cost $8.65. This place is a bit more expensive than other Capriotti's because of the location inside of the Red Rock Hotel.  The Bobby is Thanksgiving on a hoagie! Roast turkey, mayo, stuffing, and cranberry sauce. My go to sandwich. Naps are optional but encouraged.
4	I have to say that my first experience with capriottis was not a good one. Not necessarily a bad one either but it didn't make me want to come back again. I have to say I am glad I gave it another try. My first visit was just not impressive. The food was ok but I could have made a better sandwich at home is honestly what I was thinking. But this last time I went. I had a philly cheese steak sandwich. Yum! Gotta say I liked it. And I am super picky about my steak sandwiches. Prolly because they first time I had a Philly was when my bf's grandpa made them with some really expensive steak. I was spoiled and ruined for any other philly I ate there after lol anyways although it was not even comparable to the philly my bf's grandpa made it was still quite good :)
1	I will not be going back to this Capriotti's Shop!! First, I made a credit card purchase and one of their employees used my card and charged $140.00. The owner called me and told me how did I know it was his store and I told him that I had not used my card before then or after then. He told me that someone could have written my number down months ago and used it the same day that I came into his store. He then told me why was I upset since I did not make the charges the bank was going to credit my money. I told him it was the principle and then he called me "sweetheart" and I told him not to call me that. Then he said what did I want him to do? I told him nothing. I wanted him to know and now that he knew and since he got nasty he could do absolutely nothing and I told him to have a nice day and I hung up. I do not know why people think you are always out to get something. Maybe owners need to understand that if their employees take peoples credit card numbers and charge $140.00 worth of merchandise on someone else maybe they need to call you with sincerity in their voice versus attitude and disgust. Instead of acting like it could not have happened or it was your fault for purchasing with your debit card maybe an apology would have been better. But let me be clear I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK TO THIS CAPRIOTTI'S BECAUSE OF THE OWNER!!!!
3	This is the Capriotti's I frequent most often, so imagine my surprise when I went to a different location and they had wheat bread. Hands down, no questions asked, I always prefer wheat to white. I just thought Cap's didn't offer that option. Nope, THIS Cap's doesn't offer that option. Besides that, this a good location. The service here is always both fast and courteous. For a sandwich shop they actually have quite a few vegetarian options other than the usual "veggie sub." You just have to be willing to eat faux meat in the form of soy products. Which, I am not willing to do, but thought it was an interesting option all the same.
4	Delicious & very filling sandwiches. The small was hardly small.... The Bobbie fulfilled a Thanksgiving craving of mine. Will definitely be back!
3	So, I like eating something cheap before going to the movies.  The Regal Cinema is right next door, so I thought I would have a Pink's hot dog, but to my surprise, Pinks is closed.  So I headed over here and ordered an Italian sub.  I was pleased that the small sub was large, filled with good lunch meats and tasted pretty good.  I didn't think a walk up counter would do a good job.  I would come back.
5	Same great sandwiches, but the prices are slightly higher at this location.
5	I love this place so much!!! Excellent service every time and the sandwiches are amazing!!! Love the tuna... Which is amazing because I normally cannot stand Tuna. They have so many yummy choices can't wait to try them all!!!
4	The girls that work are so nice! Service is always quick! I love me a good Bobbie and Capistrami but they are high in the calories so I went for the Chic ken Cheesesteak. Don't judge. It's a better alternative, I'm not starving myself in the name of food. LOL! Yum! I was sad and hesitant to go beyond what I love at Cap's but now I have a new favorite. Order this...do it! And do it with both hot and sweet peppers! The hot ones add just a bit of a kick!
4	I went here after a short trip to Las Vegas...the restaurant is located in the Red Rock Hotel and Casino in Summerlin. I didn't know that this was a large sandwich chain like Subway or Jersey Mike's. I ordered a foot long meatball sub and I have to admit that it was really good. The sauce was excellent and had spices that I really couldn't identify. Overall a great experience.
4	Brownie points for this location specifically for being open until 1:00 AM - later than all the others. This is Vegas, why does every other Capriotti's close at 8:00 or 9:00 PM? Anyways, this one is also closest to my house.It is inside of the Red Rock Hotel so you have to walk through the casino to get to the food court but that is no big deal. I placed an online order and drove to pick it up. Everything went smooth without a hitch.
5	service was just as good as the food!!!
2	This place always finds an excuse to not cook anything the last 30 minutes it is open. I've gotten "my cook quit", "the grill broke" and "we ran out of bread (this one was last night, Oct 7)" the last three times I have tried to order something between 10:30p and 10:45p in the past few months. Their sign says they close at 11pm on weeknights. Start closing at 10:30 if that is when you are going to stop taking orders.When they actually take my order, the food is good, just as it is at other locations.
4	The buffet was rediculously busy in the casino, so we sought an alternative. The sandwiches were quite good, especially for the price. It's in the food court, so don't expect pleasant ambiance, bit a relaxing lunch nonetheless.
