3	Popeye's really is the best fast food restaurant in Madison. They are surely better than 3 stars but I don't give those out very easily. Their chicken is typically served hot. While there have been times I've gotten take out from them and was given dry pieces of chicken, I have always been able to call of the GM (who's been here since they first opened years ago), tell him my problem with my meal and would be ask to return to get a fresh batch without charge. They would even throw in extra biscuits for our troubles, however, I do not want to say that is the norm. This has only been a problem 2-3 times in my years of experiences dining with them. Recently, they redecorated the interior. It looks fantastic. Very modern day feel that is inviting. Plenty of seating area, very clean including the bathrooms, and good young staff ( from what I can tell). Because I am a very picky eater, I only order their chicken strips. I don't like chicken with the skin and bone still attached. My strips are 100% white meat ( bonus, don't eat dark meat) and are extremely crispy. When you bite into them, you can hear the crunch! Whatever batter they use is excellent! Unlike their competitor who's chicken is often very greasy and fatty, you can tell Popeye's uses quality chicken and batter. You're offered a variety of side dishes such as their signature red beans and rice ( be warned, it contains pork), mash potatoes and gravy ( also has pork in the gravy), mac n cheese, cole slaw and seasoned fries. You also served a fresh warm biscuit. My goodness, their biscuits are so addicting! I have to contain myself whenever I dine at Popeyes because I could at a good 2-3 biscuits. There is not questions that they use a  buttermilk dough. It makes the biscuits soft. They add butter on top of the biscuits once taken out of the oven. Perfection.They stay busy which means, you're going to get freshly made food since they must keep up with demand. I love this place. Also, Tuesday's is half price chicken! Dark meat only ( bummer).
5	Popeye's is always legit. All you need to know is the 2-piece dinner, spicy, dark meat, with either mashed potatoes or cajun fries. Way better than KFC, slightly better than Church's. It's particularly good after a few drinks.
3	With the recent demise of Melly Mel's, I was on the prowl for a fried chicken option on Madison's south side.  Short of time, I decided to check out the Popeye's on Fish Hatchery Road after glancing over Miss Joyce's favorable review.  While it won't ever supplant Harold's as my fave fried chicken joint, Popeye's delivered a decent meal at a reasonable price.I opted for the Blackened Chicken Box (chicken tenders, fries and a biscuit), which set me back a mere $3.99.  I received nine tenders, with six being about the size of a quarter and three normal sized pieces.  I enjoyed the seasoning, which supplied a hint of spiciness, but was not a fan of the overly chewy texture.  While not freshly made, the fries offered a terrific exterior crunch and decent seasoning.  The biscuit was small, salty and a little doughy - it could have used a condiment to spruce up the flavor.Other observations and ramblings:* The restaurant appears fairly well maintained with freshly painted walls.  The tabletops were generally clean, but there was some debris on the floor.  To the credit of the staff, they later came through the dining are and swept up the floors. * The flat screen TV in the dining area beamed NFL Network programming to the patrons at a louder than usual volume level.* The staff efficiently handled the steady stream of lunchtime customers.  While the staff was not overly friendly, I felt they were courteous and kept wait times to a minimum.* For completing their on-line survey, Popeye's offers a free two-piece meal with a biscuit with the purchase of a soda.
