1	Fedex SUCKS!  I worked for an internet company years ago who shipped fedex.  After years of crappy shipping service we switched to UPS.  Best choice that company ever made.9 times out of 10 when I use fedex for personal use, the package doesnt get there on time.  And when you use express shipment they will hold the pkg in their sorting facility until the due date (even if it gets to the facility  days earlier.)Have I mentioned Fedex sucks!  Use UPS instead.
5	FedEx has always delivered. I use frequently and highly trust. I can spot the amateurs who are trying to ship. Yes, the clerk does need the correct address, someone does have to read your handwriting. For the pros, we can use on-line and print out forms. I normally try to drop off in the early morning or early afternoon. They close at 6 and the lines are long. They have a plane on the runway at 7, so if you are procrastinator and think you can get in at 6:15, you are out of luck. I don't want you to delay my package, so get your act together.  Also, save some money and pack it yourself. Don't think UPS is any better, both FedEx and UPS use high speed belts, so get bubble wrap and pack it good.
2	Went to this FedEx and received horrible customer service. I realize my packing job wasn't perfect but the tone of voice and attitude of the employee was very condescending. She made me feel like an idiot for packing my own products. I am huge believer in good customer service with a smile. There was even an older gentleman in line before me and I could tell she made him feel very uncomfortable. The only reason I give this location 2 stars is because the other employee there was nice to me. If you're looking to ship something by FedEx you might want to go to another location.
1	I apologize if I've got the wrong location, but maybe that's part of the problem. All I know is that this is the place where the deliveries for S Scottsdale residential originate And that the supervisor for the deliverymen is "Art." I was expecting a next-day delivery to an easily-located spot and waited with my door open all day to receive the pkg. When it hadn't arrived by 7:00 p.m., I called customer service and was told they had until 8:00 pm to complete the delivery. I tracked the pkg online, and as I sat there, still waiting, online update said they were unable to deliver--no one home or business closed, and had returned the pkg to the station.This was a blatant lie, as the driver clearly made no attempt to deliver the pkg. I later learned others in this area had the same experience that day. Next day, after many calls to customer service, my package was delivered by a very nice delivery woman--she had encountered angry customers all along her route that morning because of the poor service by a different deliveryman the previous day. The problem is that no one locally will take responsibility for the behavior of the drivers. Customer service try to help but they are located in another state. I asked to be connected to the location where the local driver originates, but when I asked for "Art," the supervisor,  he of course, was not available, and a message for him to call me was never returned.This is the worst delivery service I've encountered in quite some time. The previous Sunday afternoon, the US Postal Service delivered another package, and the day before, UPS was promptly at my door to pick up a package. Years ago, FedEx was the premier delivery service, but they have clearly lowered their standards for driver conduct to the point that they have no standard at all--and clearly drivers know there will be no consequences when they "blow off" a customer or several customers, because even their supervisor doesn't return customer calls. Why should drivers care?
4	I have had issues with FedEx in the distant past but never with this location. As to service FedEx has always been 5*s.
