3	This restaurant is in the location of the old Loco Lime.  We decided to give it a try on a Friday night.  The staff couldn't have been any nicer or more welcoming.  In fact, they were nearly tripping all over each other to serve us.  Two women attempted to take our drink and dinner order.  A nice man  came by to ask if everything was good.  We also liked that the restaurant was playing authentic Mexican music in the background.  It doesn't have the same effect when an ethnic establishment plays American pop music.  Tortilla chips and salsa was brought to our table.  We were given two salsas, one which was described as mild and the other labeled hot.  I immediately went fir the hot one and found it to be mildly spicy.  The mild salsa tasted like canned tomato sauce,We both ordered the number two vegetarian.  It came with a bean burrito, chalupa and quesadilla.  The quesadilla was like the best Mexican grilled cheese ever, and I appreciated the crunch and flavor of the chalupa.  The burrito left me flat.  The sauce tasted like an Italian topping, and the cheese was minimal.The prices were great,  it was nice to get two meals and two drinks for under $30.00.  And I definitely will return for more chalupas and quesadillas!
5	Had a early dinner with my daughters, and the food and service were perfect for a Mexican restaurant. A great addition to the neighborhood, and should thrive.. Great price point, and very clean dinning area..
3	The margarita tasted like lime juice and sugar. It was terrible. Our server was very nice but seemed to get flustered very quickly when asked any questions. We kept trying to get someone's attention to get our check and when we finally did we had our money out to pay she just dropped the check and didn't come back for ten minutes.  It was about 8:30 on a Tuesday and it didn't seem like they were very busy so I'm not sure why it took so long. The food was pretty good. Aside from the fact one menu item was described as 'spicy' and wasn't even mildly spicy. I know that they are still in their early stages of opening so I may give them another chance in a few months but I won't be returning any time soon.
1	I hate to give a one star review. The servers were very nice; unfortunately they were very inattentive. They got an order wrong and barely checked on us; I was parched all through our Wednesday night dinner. I got the arroz con pollo, and it was more than disappointing. After searching for the chicken and rice in my meal, I was left with an actual half a plate of just onion. I won't be going back.
1	The smallest lunch chimichanga portion I've ever come across in my life. The price was in-line with other places but the size was ridiculous.  I actually ate more chips at the end just to fill up.My chimi was understuffed, came with almost no toppings except the bottom quarter-sized tomato slice that most people throw out, a laughable amount of beans, and some  lettuce shreds on the side that had a distinct chemical-flavor ...maybe cleaning solution from a counter? and no rice. My co-workers Lunch-sized Quesadilla did come with rice...and was a normal portion-size. I was just the lucky one who ordered poorly.Service was very quiet. We did receive our meals quickly however there wasn't a whole lot of follow up on how anything was.I did like the salsa and I thought the place itself seemed clean/comfortable.
5	Great location, the restaurant looks new and neat clean. the price is right, the food is awesome and the staff is very friendly. We are definitely coming back
3	I really want to love this place. But in all honesty, the only reason I ever go here is because it's five minutes from my house.Maybe it's me. I had heard all kinds of great things about La Unica. Maybe I set the bar too high in my head. I've been here a handful of times now and nothing has been overly impressive. Nothing has been bad... it's just all okay. One thing I will not recommend is the ceviche. Probably should've known better than to order that in a place like this, but we really wanted to try it.I like that they bring you two different kinds of salsa. One hot, one mild. I like the cheese dip, too. They usually have drink specials of some sort. Nice spot to get down on some chips and cheap drinks. The lunch menu is reasonably priced. Tuesdays they have dollar tacos. Not terrible, not fantastic. A-OK. I just think there are much better Mexican spots near/around the Plaza Midwood area.
2	Tried out the new La Unica as a taco tuesday replacement since it is in the former Loco Lime location. Bland, tasteless, is the only way I can describe it. Maybe you can get more from something other than $1 tacos, but it seems a step down from the restaurant it replaces.
