2	I can't believe I'm reviewing a McDonald's - but it had to happen.  Not just because I'm a freaking fast food junkie so it was going to happen one of these days anyhow - but because of today's experience.I've been to this one, well, let's just say more than several times.  The food is always.... uneventful.  It's not one of those specifically great or specifically bad ones.  It's just..... fine?  The only really good thing I got there once was their big breakfast.  It was only McDonald's good, but man it tasted good that day.Anyhow, so I was grabbing a breakfast burrito (that stupid healthy yogurt was not going to calm the grumbling monster that was my tummy that morning).  For breakfast, I'll normally either get my item solo, or as the meal w/ OJ.  But I remembered seeing last week that in a blind taste test, the McDonald's coffee actually scored higher on a taste test than Starbucks.  So I figured I'd give it a shot.  ACKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!  PLECCCHHHHH!!!  Ick!  Ug!  Gross!  Spit, spit, spit....   I wanted to wipe my tongue down w/ the wood tasting napkin to scrape it all off.  They had thrown in some sugar and cream.  I'll normally do a cream and a sugar for one this sized.  I initially tried it black. I thought maybe it was better w/ the stuff added.  This was a SMALL cup, and I added both creamers and all 6 sugars they gave me and I could barely taste any sweetness.  It was like the black hole of coffee condiments.  What is totally sad - I ended up drinking about 1/2-3/4 the cup just trying it after adding each condiment.  I really wanted it to be better.  Kept waiting for that magic ingredient.  It didn't come.  Nasty, nasty, nasty.  Mediocre fast food, fine.  But the extra 15 min drive to Starbucks suddenly looks much more reasonable.
3	I dropped into this small McDonald's for a bite today & enjoyed it enough that I thought it was a little bit special.  They have comfortable booths, & my friendly counter gal gave me an extra dressing for my salad without charging me for it (as some McDonald's do).  It was also thoughtful of her to offer me a water cup when she saw that I didn't order a drink.  I'll get her name next time.I don't have the nerve to give a McDonald's 4 Stars, but it was nice & I'm very likely to return!     :-)
2	I have visited this location on many occasions and have been disappointed one too many times. I'd say that going through the drive-thru has caused me more misery than necessary. I'm sure they've gotten my order wrong a minimum of 75% of the time and today's order included pickle stacked on the top (meaning outside) of the sandwich. Also, while waiting at the drive-thru window one time I even had the employee chat me up a bit during a long wait for food. He had the nerve to complain that McDonald's required that he take a test and that he failed it. (Shocking!) Do yourself a favor and avoid this location at all costs.
2	The coke still has a funny taste. I was hoping after they remodeled that that would be fixed.
4	06/04/13It's McDonalds,not much to say. I just wanted to point out the cool interior.
3	Generally I don't review fast food places unless the customer service is outstanding or severely lacking. Unfortunately this review falls in the latter category. First the positive. This location is easy to access from the street, has sufficient parking, and the interior was clean although I did not see what state the bathrooms were in. My food was ready quickly and the employee who was calling out order numbers was friendly and ensured I received everything I ordered.As for the customer service, my order was taken by a clearly inexperienced manager who walked away from the register no less than 4 times after asking "What can I get for you?" but before I could get a word out. When I finally had her attention again, I ordered my meal and took my receipt and she walked away again before giving me a cup for my drink. I was not impressed with the owners choice in management.This location does not have a play area aside from a couple electronic games on the wall. Despite the distracted manager, the food was not below par for what it is and there were no safety or health concerns so I think 3 stars is fair for this visit.
2	Normally I try to stay away from McDonalds because they are everywhere so they are where I go when there is nothing else.  I still end up eating there every year or so with travel.  This time though I was just tired and it was the closest place to eat.I went through the drive through and got one of the chicken wraps with fries and a drink.  When I got my bag there was no ketchup!  They didn't even ask if I wanted any.  Despite no ketchup the french fries tasted better than the wrap thing I had.I don't normally eat here so I can't comment if the blah taste of my food was typical or not, but it wasn't worth the calories.  Plus I was peeved to be without ketchup.
1	Fast food must not be fast anymore...?After a 15 minute drive through wait, I drove up, smiled and said hello. I received a curt glance and a price for my food. I said thank you when I received my food, and the chick turned around and walked away.  Thanks for reminding me why I haven't gone to McDonald's in years.
