4	We live near Mountain Side so were very excited to watch it being constructed.  There isn't much out on Lake Mead yet (a Little Carmines across the street, yech) and it saves us a drive in to Lake Las Vegas.  They have a bunch of good beers on tap and the food is interesting (above and beyond your standard bar food) and consistantly good (not outta this world wonderful, but solidly good).   They have a great patio that affords a view of the entire valley.  We sat out there on July 4th (the line into LLV was ridiculous) and could see every fireworks show in the valley.  Inside dining is nice and quiet and separated from the smoky bar by glass windows.  Great spot!!
4	There never was all that much out this far East, and with some recent closures there is even less these days. MountainSide is a great option for us Hendertucky residents. The ambiance here is fabulous. Awesome views of the city at sunset. Big tvs, separate bar areas and eating areas (both of which have good sized flat screens for game watching). Service isn't the best ever but not horrible either. Some waitresses are a little quicker then others, but they have all been friendly and helpful the multiple times I have been there. The food is pretty standard in my opinion. Decently sized, could be a little cheaper but won't break the bank either. Salads are nothing I'd write home about, burgers are pretty good. We got the the fried mac and cheese appetizer for the first time on our last visit and I was pleased. Best part of the MountainSide for me is the beer selection. They have some great beers on tap here.
4	This is a nice place that seldom had anyone in it.  Very large, and the food is pretty good.
4	This was our Superbowl choice since it was close to our new place that we just moved in to. The football game special was $1 beers and deals on food as well. Pretty quiet for Superbowl Sunday, but that is how I like bars anyways.The regular food menu sounds really good, and I will be stopping in here for a full meal at some point. The staff was great and welcoming and even gave away free gifts.Our second experience in here was just as good. Our tab had three beers, an order of fries and a martini and the bill was $12.The interior is very nice, and has a completely separate bar area from the dining area which works well for games if you are trying to just have a quiet meal in the other room.
4	Hidden gem! Great location, ambiance and food. Prices are very reasonable. I was disappointed to find not very many guests there this Sunday afternoon. Folks must not realize what they are missing...but we will be back , perhaps to enjoy a view of the Strip at night :)
5	Fantastic food. Great service. Wonderful deals. If you come here know that the experience will be exemplary!!!
1	It smells very strongly of sewer both inside and outside of the building. The service is always totally horrible, There is one good/great bartender on swing shift, a heavy-set blonde. Ive been there many times even though I hate it, because it's literally the only bar in my neighborhood. I have never ever received a cocktail here without something black floating in it, ever.  I'm not picky or hard to please either, ...obviously, or I would drive out of my neighborhood to drink.
4	As many of the yelpers have noted, Mountain Side is usually not crowded.  I like this.  The servers are very friendly, but can be slow in the dining room.  The waitress assigned to the dining room at night usually has to work in the bar too, so that divides her attention.  I will see our most recent time eating there, neither one of our glasses was empty, so that's a good sign.  And, the bar was decently crowded.The wings are large and the wing sauce is good as well.  They appear to make their own bleu cheese dressing, very good.  If you are a cheese fry person, try the filet chili cheese fries with the cheesy tots or "barrels" as they call them.  Excellent.We eat here for breakfast too.  Huge breakfast burrito, very large portions.  I feel like you get more bang for your buck at breakfast, but the food is very good all day. My wife loves the biscuits and gravy, the gravy has a nice "herbiness" and the biscuits are nicely toasted without being burnt.Overall, great neighborhood bar and place to get any meal.  Recommended.
5	My husband and I have been here many times. Food is always excellent along with the service. I would recommend it highly.
4	Great place to relax and have a drink.
4	I mean not the best place in the world, but I KNOW it's the best place for a hangover.  A couple of friends and I came to this place after our company Holiday Party the night before.  Talk about a MAJOR hangover!!The place is big.  There's an area for dining and a bar area where you can smoke.  This place is out in the middle of nowhere which means it's never busy.  That Sunday was no different.  There's a lot of windows which offer lots of natural lighting.  Lastly, there's huge screen TVs in the dining and bar areas for the game.For our hangover meal, I got the Breakfast Sandwich for only $5.99!  Steal.  Two eggs cooked your way, served with your choice of bacon, sausage or ham, piled onto your choice of Rye, Wheat, White, Sourdough, Texas Toast, or English Muffin. Served with a side of hash browns.  I chose the sausage and on wheat bread.  Lots of eggs piled in.  The sausage were links cut in half and fanned on the sandwich.  The hash browns were crispy and nicely cooked.  Since the meal was so cheap, I also got the short stack side for $2.99.  Two huge pancakes with whipped butter, warmed up syrup and an orange wedge.  This place is super close to me and really helps me get my fix on pub food.  I think the prices really work for my wallet and my stomach really thanked Mountain Side for the great hangover meal.  Go check them out if you're on the way to Lake Las Vegas!
1	We visited this place a few months ago and the service was very slow, we were the only ones in the restaurant so it didn't make much sense to me. Anyways, we decided to give it another shot for dinner hoping that would go over better. It did not. This is seriously the worst service we have ever received. We got in and were told to "sit where ever" since there were only two other tables. We ordered our drinks and they took a while but that was still okay. We ordered our dinners and both got steak with a salad. We ordered our food at 6:05 PM and didn't receive our salads until 6:45, and when I asked if we could have them out waitress said they were still "working on them." The salads came and within two minutes our main course came. The only thing hot on my plate was my baked potato. The vegetables were cold, and my steak was completely cold. We finished eating and waited another 20 or so minuets for a bill, paid and left the money on the table because I didn't want to wait any longer for our change. They are severely understaffed and our waitress didn't seem like she knew how to handle any sort of "rush" (4 tables). We will not be returning ever again.
4	I come here with my parents from time to time. The menu is huge--everything from tilapia to taco salads to burgers and more. I appreciate having the variety so close by, and my dad appreciates being able to smoke while he watches a sports game and eats a meal. I will say that the food is a touch on the pricey side for arriving off a truck and being heated up and assembled. Whatever though. It's alright to eat a $15 meal out of the freezer every now and again, huh?
1	Yes, prices are TOO high for poor food quality... this is a slot joint with cheap high priced food.
2	This restaurant is like a beautiful woman with no personality. When I stepped in I was quite frankly shocked at how expensive the decor appeared. It reminded me of a high-end cabin in Aspen. Even the bathroom was ridiculously over abundant. There seems to be an irritated air about the decor that just rubbed me the wrong way. I would prefer something a little more cozy - a little less over the top.Either way I had time to kill as my car was being washed next door so I was directed to a large booth "party of one" by the host/waitress. As I was eating for just myself and I wasn't starving I decided to order nachos and a side salad with ranch dressing. The salad was delicious. They did something "Ingenious" that most restaurants don't seem to think of...they actually cut up the red onions so that I didn't have to eat the whole ring at once. The dressing was great and I was excited to receive my nachos. When the nachos came out I was stunned. Someone was trying really hard to be creative, and it didn't quite pay out. On my plate there were several chips piled high with cheese, onions, diced tomatos and a chunk of beef. I would have preferred to have the ability to put what I wanted and how much of what I wanted on a chip than to have someone do it for me. They were overloaded and it was hard to eat. On top of it there was one giant chunk of beef on each chip. What is that for? How am I supposed to eat that? The flavors were consistent but there was 1. Too much cheese 2. the diced tomatoes had no business being there 3. shred the beef don't just give me a giant chunk 4. allow one to serve the nachos the way they would like - because of the toppings not only was it hard to eat but the chip was soggy. Overall I really don't think I'll be coming back. It was VERY overpriced. $3.00 for a raspberry iced tea that was ONE glass, $5 for a small plate of regular salad $10 for 7 soggy ill-prepared nachos. For one person my bill was over $20. There are way too many eateries in Henderson/Las Vegas that have better food for less price. My opinion - skip this one.
1	We just ordered take-out because this restaurant is close to where we live. We ordered chicken tenders as well as chips and salsa. Three tenders came with the appetizer and the chips and salsa had barely any salsa as wellas chips. The tenders are paper thin and cost 10 bucks and only come with 3 tenders! There were barely any chips and barely any salsa...yet these were 6 bucks! We will never eat here again as there are other places even closer in Lake Las Vegas that are actually a bargain and youget your moneys worth! Very disappointed!
4	This establishment is very close to my residence so for the past 7 years, I have made it my regular place for business and social dining. The view is the same view that inspired the purchase of my home and I certainly enjoy that. Therefore, I am quite at home in this restaurant for the location, the ambiance and view. The rustic elegance features an impressive fireplace which is a pleasure in the colder months to enjoy cocktails. The sports bar is enclosed by a glass wall that ensures a smoke-free dining experience in the restaurant. The menu has plenty of variety, prices reasonable, staff is always friendly and courteous and they are open until 11PM. Apparently the Mountainside has been doing things right because it is the only restaurant in this area that has survived over the years.
5	Found MountainSide on Yelp.  Service was awesome and hats off to the chef who prepared one of the best breakfast burritos we have ever eaten!  So big we should have ordered only one as we ended up taking half of each burrito with us!  Amazing!  Coffee was delicious!  We will be back. Yum!
5	Excellent and friendly service and best breakfast burrito and salsa ever. Humongous. Nice atmosphere too. Love this place.
5	Love this place!  Food is always great and the service top notch!
4	My family and I were looking for a reasonable place to eat, while staying at the Westin Lake Las Vegas and this was it.  Prices were reasonable, clean, food was good, out of the sun.  I took off a star for a little slow service, but it was nothing that would keep me from going there again.
1	If I could put zero I would. I've been coming here since it opened and it has went down hill for sure. Drinks are half azs and service is just as bad. At least nights are terrible. If you are looking for a place to play and get a drink I would recommend to look at other bars. The night shift bartender does not take care of the players but he does take care of his friends that hang out there. My drink taste fine but alittle warm for it being wine. I promise one thing as long as the bartender I had tonight is there we will not be going back. So many other choices in this town than a place that caters to bartenders friends and not people that can bring this place other paying customers!!
1	Stop in every once in awhile to gamble and have a beer or two. Won't be coming back after last night. This place doesn't take care of those who are playing the machines like other bars will do. Gambled $40 plus on the keno machine non stop playing for over an hour still charged us for a beer and glass of wine. Every other time I've been in here gambling my beer is taken care of at the very least. Bartender seemed more concerned with gossiping and hanging out with his friends at the other end of the bar who weren't gambling at all and didn't look to me like they paid for a thing the whole time I was there. No thanks will go elsewhere.
2	The food is not up to par, nothing seems fresh. Something tells me the microwave is working overtime in the back. Went to just drink one night with my husband and the bartender was less than attentive. Would really recommend a whole menu overhaul.
