5	So glad that I was able to find this store, just outside the mall on camelback next to Wildfish and Nordstroms.
1	Nice people, pretty store.  None of that matters when even the manager is apparently unable to remedy problems caused by a lack of full disclosure by one of their employees.  Went to swap phones, that went well.  Offered a "free"tablet (so long as added $10/month to contract), which I said didn't want or need, but was convinced to take it home and see how family liked it.  I was assured more than once: "no problem to bring it back, just be sure to do it within two weeks."  Family prefers to wait for ipad purchase, so returned it.  Guess what? No problem to return it so long as one pay $70 for restocking fee -- and, mind you, this is for a *giveaway* product! Store acts as though the sales guy would not have failed to disclose the restocking fee but, even if he had, the store has "no power" to waive the fee (according to what the sales guy said - the manager never had the courtesy even to come out to discuss the problem). It was also made clear that the rep who gave me the "free" tablet could be fired for his mistake if I insisted on saying he made one (even though I would still be stuck).  The charges for returns do appear on the receipt -- but one does not see the receipt because it is sent electronically to your "My Verizon" account -- and, in all events, the contact is by then completed, so one is still stuck with the charges.  I feel totally scammed.  I have been a VW customer for many years, but this experience has been sufficiently distasteful to warrant a change.  ATT service has really improved and it seems time to give them a try.
2	After posting my unhappy experience with this Verizon store, I was contacted by someone who, in turn, put me in touch with a store manager - a process that took weeks and some persistence on my part - but did end up well.  The manager was gracious and the tablet was returned with promises that all charges will be reversed by the next billing cycle.  Had the response been quicker and less burdensome, the store would deserve at least another star.  It is well laid out and covered parking is close by - both pluses in my book.
1	Sorry can't be ignored by 6 employees with 2 customers in the store 1 being myself and wait 15 minutes to talk to someone. Offer me a water or say "thanks for waiting we'll be right with you". Do something, your in the customer service industry for crying out loud.
1	Went in to upgrade to the IPhone 6 and they were out of stock.  They said they had no idea when they would be getting a shipment in.  Wouldn't you want to be able to give customers info on when they could come back to purchase (ie give them business)?  So basically I have to call every Verizon store every day to see if they received a shipment, since they don't know when they will receive them?
