4	Here's a new Chinese Buffet in town!  I just learned about it today from Alexander C. today, & whipped up there joined by Lynn W. & Mike C. to give it a try.This is a nice place, & they had 90 food choices out, plus sauces & dressings.  It was pretty much the usual fare for a buffet this size, & my favorite individual item was probably the stuffed shrimp, like you find at Fuji.  They forgot to put out gravy to go with the Egg Foo Young, but with that said, it's a good place!Lunch Buffet $7.29/Sr $6.56
4	Had lunch here today with Lynn W. and Rand H. Well the the place is new and the decor is well done and comfy . They have enough food selections to classify them as a super buffet. As far as the food goes it was all pretty good with most of your typical Chinese buffet selections . Some of the extra items were steamed clams , double baked potatoes ,fresh strawberries and Vienna sausage. The macaroni salad I had was very good and i went back for more as was the stuffed shrimp. There is also a sushi bar but I did not try any on this trip. The food here makes them a 4 star eatery and as far as the staff goes they need to be a lot more happier with a name like happy buffet.
4	Rand has pulled me into his buffet madness!  I plugged in the address on my GPS and off I went.  I have been on this side of town before but it had been a while.  I don't know about everyone's GPS system but mine told me I had arrived at my destination about .5 miles before I actually had and there was a house there.  I kept going and pulled into the first strip mall I saw on my left.  Viola!  There was Happy Buffet!  It is located near a Native New Yorker, a Fresh and Easy, and a 99 Cents Store.  I walked in and found Rand and Mike C. chowing down.  Our server came right over and took my drink order and I went to check out the buffet.  The first thing that struck me was that the buffett dishes did not have tons of food in them.  There was plenty, don't get me wrong, but nicely presented and very fresh.  They had all the standard fare, fried rice, chow mein, BBQ chicken, spring rolls and won tons. The spring rolls were a bit greasy but everything else was good. Nicely cooked string beans and Egg Foo Young were probably my favorites as well as the fried rice.  They also had a lovely fruit buffet with fresh strawberries and watermelon.  A nice array of sweet treats was also layed out.  My particular favorite was a tiny cream puff that was fresh and soft with a hint of lemon.  There were only a handful of diners when we were there.  The buffet area was kept neat and clean.  The dining room is large with beautiful chandaliers and the ceiling is very interesting.  I'm not sure how to describe it but I thought it was nice and a notch above most buffet places.  If I am ever out in this neck of the woods and have a craving for buffet, Happy Buffet will be my stop.
4	This buffet had very quick, friendly service and they took extra time to make sure my nieces liked their food.  It has the standard buffet choices and the food was good.  My favorite was the green beans and the orange chicken.
5	Yesterday I ventured out to the new buffet off of Northern and 12th Street.  I took my son with me before our near ritual of Sunday shopping at the 99 Cent Store and Fresh and Easy.  We were the first ones in the restaurant that day.  The place is relatively large and has an amazing selection of food.  My son who is 4 years old found all of his favorites including pizza, noodles, rice, egg drop soup and watermelon - he was in heaven!  It is simply the best place to take a four year old if you want him/her to eat!  It was only $2.99 or $3.99 for him.I was extremely happy with the selection of seafood.   They had two types of crab - one steamed and one baked; numerous types of shrimp, kimchee, octopus, chicken/beef broccoli, miso soup, chicken, duck and quite a bit more.................Even the deserts were excellent.   I believe that the adult price is $8.99 (a bit lower if you are over 65 - I am not there yet).I have to say it was the ideal Sunday brunch.
4	Happy Buffet should change their name to happy 420 buffet, cause they are a stoner's paradise.a gajillion different options, and all of which were delicious and not greasy in the least!I walked in the door with my best friend, who resembles the most accurate real life depiction of james franco's character in Pineapple Express, and we were shocked to see almost no one inside! It was a buffet ghost town! sad news for the owners, great news for my belly!I shoveled lbs of tasty grub into my craw! plate after plate, the few people working there smiled uneasily as I'd gotten up and waddled to the buffet for my third go round. coconut shrimp, pork shumai, drunken chicken and mushrooms, garlic string beans, crab legs, you name it, it was probably there. As I finally reached my breaking point, I thought of Adam Richman, and my loathing for him turned to a begrudging understanding, I'd fought that buffet with a relentless intensity that only his fat sweaty brow could fathom, and I'd won. A quick victory lap to the soft serve machine and we left conquerors like two young mongols after the sacking of some prosperous northern chinese village. When I got home I looked in the mirror to survey the damage done, I resembled a starving ugandan child with skinny limbs and bloated stomache, only I wasnt starving I was sickeningly full! Come to Happy Buffet and be prepared to make a cow of yourself!USA!!USA!!USA!!godblessamericalandthatilovestandbesideherandguideherwithahmmsomethingsomethingfromabove!!
1	I wouldn't even give this place a star dis freaking scusssting!!!!!! We went in at 7pm and the food was cold and stiff. They didn't put anything new out and we didn't get one refill. We were the only ones in there. My friend said it's horrible as well. I should've listened.. Un professional staff. Let their kids run around wild screaming while we ate and  they were picking at the buffet...... Never again. I doubt happy buffet will be there long I've grown up in the slope and nothing lasts in that spot any ways thank god!
4	= = = = = = Happy Buffet has closed.     :-o  = = = = = =
