3	Grade: CDopey staff. Okay food. Good prices. Even McDonald's updates their menu.
5	YAY! Pasqual's is back in Verona, right where it used to be on Cross Country.  We were so disappointed when they closed that location a few years ago.  We stopped in on a Friday night, and the place has been completely renovated and was packed.   It is much more like the Hilldale location, with a beautiful bar.  We were only there for margaritas and nachos, but both were just as good as always.  Their margaritas are one of the best in town, no skimping on the booze.  (They are pricey, but you can get them 1/2 price on Monday and Tuesday.)  The nachos are great, we got the shredded chicken.  You can definitely make a meal from the large order.  Our server was attentive without being bothersome.  The menu is a bit different than the other locations.  There are burgers on this one and not all of the other offerings that the other locations have.  I am anxious to try some of the new items now that they are back in our neighborhood.  We have been eating at Pasqual's since there was only one location on Monroe St. and cannot think of a time we have been disappointed.  The only thing I wish they hadn't changed is they no longer have their menu on that colorful chalkboard.  Who's idea was that to get rid of it???
3	Just reopened.I'm told the recently reopened Pasqual's has the exact same interior as it previously did - right down to the wall decorations, seating, dividers, and bar.  I'd never been to this location prior to tonight, so I can't confirm or verify.We were seated promptly and were presented with two thimble-sized glasses of water. The interior of this place is L-O-U-D, loud.  My friend and I had to shout/spittle all over each other while trying to talk across our table.  If you're looking for an intimate setting in which to catch-up with someone, look elsewhere.Our waiter arrived and asked if we'd like to order chips and salsa.  We did, and we also placed an order for two brews - a Spotted Cow and a Lake Louie Porter.  The tap selection is limited; just five brews.The menu is smaller than what you'll find at a typical Pasqual's.  This is, afterall, the "cantina" version of Pasqual's.  We ordered the enchiladas and the carne asada tacos.The food arrived after about 20 minutes or so, and it was tasty.  I didn't sample the enchiladas, but I'm told they were excellent.  My carne asada tacos came on soft corn tortillas, which were really flavorful.  I skipped the rice and went with black beans, which were also excellent, but were covered in a light layer of cheese.  The cheese was/is completely unnecessary, in my humble opinion.Our server refilled our brews, but was otherwise absent.  He asked if we wanted to split the check (we did), and then promptly disappeared.  My part of the check was $25... a bit steep for what I received.The noise level never diminished; it was tiring to be in the restaurant and almost having to shout for the entire meal... as we were readying to leave, we noticed the restaurant had cleared out, yet is was still quite noisy.  Pasqual's = OKFood = 3.75 stars (better than your typical sleazican offerings)Value = 2.5 stars Service = 2.5 starsMISC = 1.5 stars (very loud)Would probably be a good place for a drink and some appetizers with a larger group of friends; not so great for a quiet or inexpensive night out.
5	I am really happy Pasqual's is back in Verona!  They've got the same great food and margaritas with an upscaled interior and really attractive bar area.
2	Pasquals looks great after it reopened. The food there I don't think meets the awesome decor. You can go a block up and go to Cuco's and have better food. The interior is great tho.
1	Re-visited Pasqual's tonight for dinner with a co-worker, and we were seated next to the kitchen, where we had a full, un-fettered view of the kitchen works.Our server was friendly and prompt; chips and salsa were good, as usual.  A Dos Equis Amber (from the tap) was crisp and fresh.What bothered me was watching the food preparation process. Nothing is made fresh.  They have chafing dishes and refrigerated containers that contain all of the "pieces" of your meal.  Depending on your order, they scoop from various containers, assemble, plate, and then cover with a plastic lid.  From there, it's into a microwave - they have a bank of them - where your food is nuked until warm.  Or, in my case, until it's still refrigerator cold in the middle...I'm sorry, but I don't feel it's fair to pay $10 for 2 tacos that are improperly microwaved... I watched as *every single* entree was processed through the assembly line like this.  I could describe to you in perfect detail the steel-grey microwaves, the greyish-colored lids, and the workers that were cranking out the reheated food plate after plate... I saw several entrees that had sat too long after being nuked go back into the microwave for a second reheating before being presented to diners.I won't be back.  Hell, Chipotle prepares its food in-mass prior to serving, but at least it's kept warm/hot and served relatively fresh.  And, it costs about 2/3 as much.
4	The food is great - Pasquals easily does the best southwest fare in the Verona area.  It got better with the recent addition of lunch portions and the welcome return of their weekend brunch menu.Unfortunately, their parking lot is an absolute combat zone.  They'd benefit from some additional parking and an exit to Cross Country Rd.
3	Torn between three and four stars for Pasqual's. Service was polite and prompt but not overly caring  The food is good quality but a little overpriced.  A big problem with this location is that they don't have enough parking and I wouldn't park on the street to eat here.
2	What Mexican Restaurant charges you for chips and salsa? That's just ridiculous. The food was ok, but after 2 beers and 2 margaritas, the bill was quite high and I felt like I'd have gotten more for my money had I gone for prime rib over enchiladas. There are definitely better Mexican Restaurants to visit on the West Side of Madison.
2	Overrated.
3	I grew up in a small, Central Wisconsin city where for years the battle for the top Mexican restaurant in town was waged between Taco John's and Taco Bell. In 1991, I left for college in Madison with the opinion that Taco John's had the best Mexican food, ever. Then I stepped into Pasqual's for the first time. The tacos, burritos and especially the enchiladas, were a true awakening. They helped turn this small-town boy into a cosmopolitan man. I changed that day, but unfortunately Pasqual's, too, has changed over the years. Maybe it's because so many authentic restaurants, owned by real Mexicans, have opened over the years and changed my expectations (probably). Maybe it's because Paqual's isn't what it once was (perhaps). Maybe it's because I'm more cosmopolitan than ever (hell no). Whatever it is, I now find Pasqual's to be good, not great. It's close. It's clean. It's convenient. The atmo is authentic; I feel like I'm just a few blocks from Santa Fe. The chili cheese dip is the best thing ever and their salsa is rad. The burgers are better than the Southwestern entrees. I love the sauce on the chorizo burger. The brunch is better than the Southwestern entrees. The huevos rancheros kick ass and the blue corn pancakes make me happy. The chili verde is great on a cool, damp day. The salads are fresh. The beans and rice are too salty. I don't like the pulled chicken filling for a reason I can't quite pinpoint; not a huge fan of the beef either but it beats the chicken. My wife loves the quesadilla. I don't. I blame the chicken. Overall, there's enough that's good to eat. I'm glad Pasqual's is back in Verona and we go there quite often.
1	My experience was an absolute disaster.My group and I were seated outside, which felt nice and cool at the time. We ordered our food, which were all just simple tacos because we had plans for later in the evening. Well, an hour passed and we still haven't gotten our food. During our third pitcher of beer, it started to rain on us. We wanted to relocate back inside where there were still many tables left, but no one even bothered to check up on everyone outside. All the other tables were rained on too. Finally our food had arrived, all in its microwaved glory. How it took over an hour was beyond me. It wasn't even that busy.
4	I prefer this location over Hilldale. Great place for blue corn tortilla cheese enchiladas with green chili sauce. Ok, it's not Santa Fe or Houston, but it is pretty good for transplanted Texan living in beer and brat country. Great guacamole. Admirable service.
2	The most awesome part of Pasqual's is their salsa -- mild, medium, hot, love it all. I think at one point in history they even called themselves a "salsaria." The salsa makes me want to salsa dance even though I know I can't dance and I'm not even sure what salsa dancing is. That is how good it is, which is precisely why I'm so disappointed in Pasqual's today. With a large plate of nachos, they serve about a tablespoon of salsa in a tiny little cup. This happened last time, too, so we ordered extra salsa, but we got the same tiny little tablespoon cup. The chicken, the beef, the nachos, the tacos here are 3-star stuff, but I truly believe it's the salsa that makes it so. Gimme more!
3	Nope, the food isn't amazing. It's not bad--but I haven't had anything that thrills me. We still find ourselves here maybe once a month when we want something quick(it's easy to tell from the menu that a lot of it is pre made and just assembled to order), some chips and salsa(yeah, it's kind of a bummer that they charge--but I'm seeing that at a lot of places now), and my guy wants a beer. This is where we dash into for quickie lunch breaks, mid-errand dinners, and casual guacamole dates on the deck. I recommend the chile verde, it's cheap(maybe $7), tasty--and filling. I think they've tweaked the blue cornbread a bit, tonight  it was more moist and had just a dash of sweetness that I didn't remember from previous meals.
2	This was my first time eating at this restaurant. I ordered the shrimp taco and it was ABSOLUTELY horrible!! The shrimp were soooo small, I couldn't even taste them. There was so much cabbage, I thought I was eating a cabbage taco instead of a shrimp taco.
4	The food here is delicious!  I had the veggie enchiladas, and they were second to none!  Pasqual's also has a back patio that overlooks a small water area, which is a very nice place to sit.  They also have some great happy hour specials, like $2 Coronas.  My only complaint is that the menu is somewhat limited.  For example, they do not offer chile rellenos, which I happen to love.  Overall, though, I would highly recommend eating here!
1	Worst service Ever!!! Always! This place really is a joke, I have no idea how it stays in business. We use to come here all the time but the service is just so terrible not sure why we came again. Servers are rude and the young manager is awful!!! It takes 5 minutes for someone to even come to your table.. Plus if you come in the evening they will practically kick you out because they don't want you sitting around and drinking here. If you sit here too long at night they will shut the parking lot lights off on you! Then you can walk out to your car in the pitch dark!! Great customer service. If you live in Verona everyone knows what awful service this place has, it is too bad because the good is good.
2	Not worth it. Way over priced small drinks. One that was undrinkable. Bad bland food. Orders the carnitas burrito and all I could taste was the beans in the burrito. I think the crunchy part was the carnitas. The rest of the people I dinned with had similar experiences. Skip this one
2	The policies of this establishment are very poor.  My colleagues and I agreed to meet here after work, within a 30-minute time frame.  There was no one in the restaurant and they still refused to seat us until "everyone in a party was there."  We were not even sure how many were going to show...it was quite frustrating... The chips (which you must pay for) are tasty, but I only give the margaritas 2 limes.
