5	This review is for the location in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. =)Right across from Earl of Sandwich, you can't miss it! The store itself isn't huge, so I can imagine it getting a little crowded in there, but it's stuffed with every type of candy you could ever want! On my recent visit I was greeted at the door by a smiley, happy employee named Lindsay. She asked what brought me to Sugar Factory and if there was anything she could help me with. I was there for a couture pop for my sister-in-law's bridal shower so she led me to the back of the store and introduced me to the wall of couture pops. She explained the different celebrity and signature handles and the differences in the refill flavors. We found the perfect combination of handle and lollipop flavor for my sister-in-law, I know she'll love it! $25, but it's a special event so i'll let it slide. My husband bought one for me while we were in there, even if he secretly thought it was a bit ridiculous. Best husband ever! I got the pina colada flavored lollipop and the Silver Rainbow (Kim Kardashian) handle. The lollipop was so yummy and lasted me a few weeks! Thankfully they come with plastic snap covers!Lindsay gave us a short tour around the store (short b/c as I said the store isn't huge) and answered some questions we had about a few products. She even gave us some samples. =) She held onto all of my purchases and asked us where we were from. Found out later she went to college in my homestate, she was the 3rd person we met that trip in Vegas that was from OK lol. Anyway, getting off topic. Lots of dispensers in the middle of the room eagerly waiting for you to put a bag or a bucket under it's spout. They sell t-shirts but none of them are physically larger than an adult small, and that's the adult sizes. Lindsay was wearing a shirt marked XL and she was very tiny - sorry normal size people, no shirts for us. =(  Several yummy non-clothing items line the walls: rice krispie treats in the shape of a cupcake topped with chocolate (I bought 2), little cookies in different shapes, chocolate bunnies, larger-than-your-face old fashioned lollipops, adult candy necklace items, cupcakes, fudge, chocolate bars, unicorn pops, shot glasses (bought this too), drinks, you name it! I didn't get to sample their gelato or crepes but I hear they are delicious. Made it out of the store a little poorer, but it was worth it. Brought my mother-in-law back a few hours later and Lindsay was still working so she helped my mother-in-law out. VISIT LINDSAY, SHE IS ONE OF THE BEST EMPLOYEES THERE! =)
3	We recently were in the area, and were looking for Ice cream to cool down. There were a lot of Sweet goodies here. The place sits in a Trendy Miracle Mile Mall and also has tables and chairs inside in the Mall. Candy all over the place, Big Ol' C-Cakes and regular size, Gelato, and of course Ice Cream and Cookies. The people are really friendly here and are very helpful. We sampled a couple of flavors and decided on Cookies and Cream, Strawberry, and Coffee Ice Cream. I also ordered a Red Velvet C-Cake. and everything cost about $20.00. Everything was great except for the C-Cake. A little overdone and the Cream Cheese Frosting was too sweet and Sugary. I will definitely go back and try some Gelato and grab some Candy for my Sweet Tooth cravings.
4	I don't really understand the concept of jewelled lollipops although I can see why the celebrities think it is all high and glam..... I didn't even want to look at the price, or ask about whether there was anything special about the lollipop flavours because it just wasn't my cup of tea.What was my cup of tea was their gelato :). On a hot hot 40+ degrees day in Vegas - all I can think about it Ice cream!Looking at their case of flavours, I always try to find something that I've never tried.. and then the mojito flavour caught my eye. Having a quick taste - it was identical to the drink.. i was hoping there was alcohol in it! The mintiness of it was so refreshing and just what I needed on such a hot day!If only it didn't melt so quickly in the hot hot heat.............. I wanted to enjoy it for as long as possible!
4	DON'T EVER GO HERE....without leaving with a red velvet cupcake! =)  The red velvet cupcake frosting is bomb! It's smooth, creamy and not too sweet (like most frostings). This is the ideal frosting!!! Enough to make this a "must-go" place every time I visit Vegas. If you're in the Miracle Mile shops or in and around the Planet Hollywood hotel...you must go here. I didn't try any of the others, but they looked just as good. To explain how much the wifey and I like it, we bought two more to-go just before we left for our flight home! The big thing here is the dazzled up lollipops that are celebritized by the likes of Kim Kardashian, Britney Spears, Holly Madison and Kendra. Thing is...do you want to fork up $25 for a dang lollipop in a decorated box!? It better be a dang souvenir for that price! The gelato looked real good as well...so I'll try it out on the next visit.
5	The first pretty good ice cream I saw in Las Vegas. I just love the ice cream flavors they offer. They aren't the crappy same flavors every other ice cream places offer. The wonderful flavors include Creme Brulee, Pistachio, Mango, Pineapple, etc. They all taste wonderful and are very soft and creamy. The only drawback to this place is the extremely high prices for just 2 scoops. About 7.50 for 2 is just quite expensive, but it's worth it.
4	Wow, this was the sweetest chocolate brownie I have ever had.  I wanted to try the red velvet brownie but I was soooo gacked out I just couldn't do it.  One is enough to split with someone even if your a chocoholic!  Small store but it's worth it if your a sugar addict.
4	On the Strip so its expensive but the Fluffer Nutter shake was very good. Great option if you want a good dessert.
4	bought me a bling bling couture lollipop!! hehehe...soooo adorable!! The staff there was soooo patient and nice. I spent FOREVER trying to decide on which one I want to purchase and they answered all my questions nicely and with lots of patience....I will deffinately be going back!! by the way, even over the phone at their customer service line, they have great attitude and service!!
5	Try the cinnamon gelato! You will not be disappointed. It's a flavor that I don't see in many place, but it was delicious. As I was leaving I also saw that they had legit macrons. I cannot wait to try those next time!
3	Just like it's Vegas home, this store front is glammed up and blinged out! It's a candy, chocolate, gelato, and bakery store all in one. Their claim to fame is the Couture Pop...a lollipop (a tad bigger than a tootsie pop) that has it's own bedazzled and bejeweled reusable stick designed by celebrities such Britney Spears, Kim Kardashian, Nicole Scherzinger (Pussycat Dolls), etc. The reusable stick also has a round plastic holder for the pop in case you don't finish it at one sitting. A Couture Pop retails at about $25 and lollipop refills for a set of 3 is $12. I don't know about everyone else, but whenever I indulge in a lollipop, saliva typically runs down the stick...the thought of reusing a stick, even a couture stick sounds unsanitary!!! And seriously, who wants to save a licked up, sticky lollipop anyways...gross!!!!!!! The candy selection was no big deal...most of them you can find in your local CVS, Rite Aid, or Duane Ready for you East Coasters. Otherwise, go to any mall and visit your nearest Sweet Factory for cheaper. Not sure if they make their own chocolates, but I do have to say they looked pretty delish. But what chocolate wouldn't if it's behind a glass case out of reach to you???!!!!!! Right???? The same also goes for the gelato! They did have a good and pretty selection of baked goods, which included cupcakes, cookies, cakes, muffins, and brownies. But the one item that stood out to me was the Red Velvet Brownie...a big chunk of fudge brownie topped with a red velvet cake layer with cream cheese filling in the middle and cream cheese frosting on top. It was only $5 and big enough to split between four because of it's density...it was definitely decadent and heavenly! Overall, this place is just fun and appealing to the eye. I do love their signature duck that is represented all over the store and on their cute lil bags! :)  This place knows how to market their stuff!!!
1	This review is purely for their cupcakes.  OMG, these have to be the worst ones I have had from a retail store.  I would get a store bought one any day.  After reading about the reviews, I was really intrigued.  I love cupcakes!  I was so excited to find the Yelp listing while watching a show at Planet Hollywood.  While we waited for a table at P.F. Chang's and my partner killing time at the slots, I decided to kill time by going to the Sugar Factory.  I was met with very courteous sales people and was given help  when I had questions.  They were very attentive.  I found out the reason why they were attentive when I brought my partner after dinner.  Nothing has a price tag or label!  You have to ask the sales people for the price.  Who does that?  I was appalled.  Customers should know how much an item is without asking anyone.  OK, I got distracted there for a bit.  Let me get back to my rating of their cupcakes.  I was really looking forward to getting them.  When I saw them, I was happy to see very visually beautiful cupcakes.  They're also BIG.  Not your typical size at all.  I decided to get the Mel B. Sugar Free Red Velvet and got the partner the Lemon.  We waited to eat this until we got home for dessert after a nice late night dinner.  When we finally took the first bite, we were met with stale, flavorless, and I think they used sugar frosting for their sugar free cupcake.  The red velvet frosting was so sweet.  Also, they were very stale and lacked any flavor.  Red velvet is my go to cupcake and after having this, I will NEVER get a cupcake from here.  The lemon didn't have enough lemon for my taste.  When you say lemon flavored, it is supposed to give a bang of flavor.  I have to say, we did come here very late so I would safely assume that they were not the freshest, but they seemed like more than a day old.  That is just unacceptable.  Another contention I have is the absurdity of their pricing.  The cupcakes were $5.50!  As big as they were and beautifully packaged, this price point doesn't justify the product.  In closing, this is just for their cupcakes and not for their other products and customer service.  I rarely give out 1 star ratings or selectively just choose 1 product to base a store it's rating.  But these cupcakes were the worst thing i have ever had.  I would gladly go to the Cupcakery any day!
4	I would definately have to agree on their red velvet cupcake.  It's to die for!!!  SOOOOO GOOOOOD!!!!  Seriously, it's not like any other red velvet cake I've ever had in my life!!!   SO YUMMY!!!
3	I thought that this was just a small, but very brightly lit, candy shop endorsed by celebs like Kim Kardashian and Holly Madison, but when we went inside, we found out that it's more than that. They also serve gelato, cupcakes (red velvet advertised outside- it's intriguing as I am a red velvet cake fan), truffles, and reusable lollipops (the busty blonde explained to me the logistics- interesting, didn't know that such a product existed- but I am not a lollipop fan...just saying- and she seemed to pop up around the corner with more info on their candy, haha). The price for the bulk candy is $12.99 per pound- which is about right, on average. There were about five people working there- all smiling happy faces, ready to assist you with your candy needs. Seating outside (few tables), so you can enjoy your sweet treats at a little table located just outside the store, in the middle of the aisle. We didn't buy anything, as we already had a good dinner (at Bahama Breeze) and a house full of treats (Christmas gifts). Lots of candy for the candy lover. I had never been, but I still think that the It's Sugar store at Universal Walk is wayyyy better.
4	They got the cute lollipop thingy, but I decided to get their brownies-red velvet cake.It was either that or the super-sized red velvet cupcakes.I LIKE IT!The frosting is greaaaat!
3	This place is located at the Miracle Mile shop in Planet Hollywood.Its a small place where people can get their cupcake, gelato and candy fix. It reminds me of the sweet shoppe but smaller!! LOL. But it does make you feel like a little kid because they have all the novelty items and souvenirs to give to friends and family.The gelato is kind of pricey for 3 flavors it cost me a whopping 7 bucks!! The cupcakes looks good and they're huge too!!
4	They've got some ginormous candy in here. You can get your "penny" candy, but you can also get the "worlds largest gummy bear" which felt like it weighed about ten pounds.Overall, it's got a great sugar candy selection and also a giant CUPCAKE selection so it's a good stop if you have a sweet tooth.
3	Sugar Factory has a few locations now, but the best is this one in the Miracle Mile inside Planet Hollywood. This location has the best selection of their signature lollipops. The staff here are super helpful, they put together nice little boxes of all the different lollipop flavors I was purchasing for gifts, in addition to preparing the correct flavors with the individual reusable blinged out lollipop sticks I was also purchasing.This is a great place to pick up novelty items to bring back as souvenirs/gifts for people. But it isn't cheap. Think of it as a higher end candy boutique.Pretty good variety of candy - they also sell gelato, chocolate goods, and a few baked goods. Great place to stop by if you need gifts or have a giant sweet tooth like me!
4	Yummy, yummy, rich tasting ice cream.  The pumpkin really tasted like a ice cream-ified pumpkin pie!
3	Okay, so I made another Vegas trip and this had to be on the checklist of places to visit...was it a bad day here or a change of staff making the cupcakes!?  Last time I was here the cream cheese frosting was nice and gooey, but this time it tasted more like butter cream frosting and WAY to sugary! To make it worse...the cake was near stale!? I tried two new things which were the red velvet brownie and the carrotcake cupcake...they were just as bad and also too sweet! I want to drop this to two stars, but considering the first experience was very positive, I averaged out my two ratings. Sugar Factory....please fix this!!!
5	The best milkshake I've ever had was from here. I don't remember exactly what it was called - the lady working there recommended it. It was some type of vanilla ice cream with crushed oreos and caramel & chocolate and it was just amazing.
5	Yummy! Yummy! Yummy!I don't know about their over priced celebrity lollipops but I do know about their 9 to 5 $7 milkshake!Loaded with vanilla ice cream, espresso double shot, a fresh made glazed donut with whip cream and carmel drizzle on top this shake was SICK!Spend your money here not on a loose slot!
4	We were drawn into Sugar Factory by all the ads up and down the strip.  Lollipops with tons of adoring celebrity fans?  Just what we need, right?  Upon entering, we were assisted by a very helpful employee.  He showed us to the lollipops, and explained the flavors.  My daughter had to have one, and she suggested we get one each for her two cousins. We did.  OK, three lollipops.  Can't be too bad.  I step up to the counter ready to pay for my big purchase of three lollipops.  "That'll be $75," says the clerk.  I wish I could see the security camera footage of my face at that moment.  Shock and awe.  WTF, we're in Vegas.  So, I went without a few yards of fruity drinks and gambled less.  I suppose it was worth it.  Vegas is all about excess, and the Sugar Factory gives you just that.
4	They have lots of candies, but are pretty pricey.What I like best from sugar is their gelato.For $5 you can get a tiny cup of gelato, I chose the strawberry one which is really good. Its light & refreshing, you can taste the quality of it, and all the strawberries as well, it's also sweet but not toosweet & has a sorbet texture. Perfect for a hot day in vegas!
3	I'm prefacing this review by stating that I didn't try the gelatos or ice creams that everyone has raved about, so my opinion may change once I try one of these out.I'm mixed about this place.  You've seen the ads all over the Strip: Various music stars, actors, and people who are famous for simply being famous hawk these jeweled lollipops like the only status symbol one will ever need to have to finally make their lives fulfilled and complete.  I doubt these people know anything about confectionery other than how to pose with it for the camera.I don't buy the whole philosophy of it.And yet, I was almost compelled to see what one was all about.  Apparently these transcendent lollipops have magical healing powers, and after reading someone else's review that three of these things apparently cost $75, they better damn well cure all worldly ills. And yet, how could I possibly have known this?  Nothing in the store has a price tag.  Nothing.  I think this is one of those forced philosophies of "If you have to ask, then you obviously can't afford it".  Come on, how ridiculously pretentious do you have to be?  It's candy.But I had a 20% off coupon.  I bought a Coke, a small bag of gummi colas and one packet of Pop Rocks.  I want in blindly, and ended up paying about $9 with discount.  Not that bad, all things considered.  Gut feeling told me the signature lollipops were going to be out of control.  It's a lollipop, for crying out loud, and I doubt that it's made with sugar from bees in Heaven.Still, the staff was nice and helpful, and the prices for the ice cream/gelato fare doesn't sound bad.  Apparently, this is the real value and point of worthwhile attention.I do wish they'd get rid of that picture of Britney Spears in her circus outfit, though.  It was clearly taken during her "crazy train meltdown" a few years back, and that image makes her look absolutely ghoulish.
4	The idea of "couture dessert" is totally ridiculous to me. It's a candy store with B-list celebrities backing it. Big deal. However, their overpriced hoity toity coffee is yummy when you don't want to stand in line for regular coffee with the people who aren't dumb enough to get couture coffee.
5	The name says it all. This is a Sugar Factory!!! They have everything sugary you could ever imagine. They have everything from candy, cookies, muffins, scones, gelato and more!!! I had the 9 to 5 milkshake which is made with donuts, chocolate covered espresso beans, ice cream and some other sugary goodness. As I like to say it was disgustingly good. (Tastes so good yet so bad for you) For my next sugar fix, I'm coming here.
3	Why is everything in vegas so overpriced? I spent $6 on a bag of candy i could have purchased at the gas station for about $2. It was fresh and delicious yes you are right but it's just candy, you pay for their insane over head to be in this location and the fact they sponsor celebrities, yeah you pay for that too.
5	It was my last night in Vegas, and after goring myself on buffet after buffet, I was craving a solid a la carte menu. Perusing the strip, I was unimpressed by many of the offerings, and having a group of 5 made getting into many of the places rather difficult.Then while walking by Paris, we see workers holding out menus in front of the Sugar Factory, and while not usually a big fan of staff peddling on the street trying to lure me in, I kept walking, after the 1st...2nd...3rd...4th.After this, I walked into Paris with the group and ended up looking at the menu on the inside of the casino and we all agreed that this place sounded pretty amazing.So we went in to a fairly empty house. After being seated, our wonderful waiter Jake came over and welcomed us to the soft opening. At this point, all of us were pretty starved, so in a bit of a daze we looked at the drink menu for a nice start to the meal.Their signature cocktails are a bit pricey, but average for Vegas standards. Since the company's roots are in candy sales, all of the drinks are set to resemble candy favorites like blow-pops, root beer barrels, swedish fish among others. I went for the swedish fish and the rest of the group opted for the root beer barrels. Intense flavor here across the board, and we were all very pleased.As far as food goes, we were also far from disappointed. A manager came out shortly after we ordered and offered a tasting of their turkey sliders appetizer. Such a great way to start!After appetizing, we got our main dishes that were all also fabulously prepared, with no complaints from the group. We had items ranging from alfredo pasta, veggie burger, crepes and the chicken wrap. All were top notch dishes, seriously. While most of the time with a group someone will be disappointed with something, there were zero complaints across the table.For a restaurant's first day, you typically expect some big flaws, or at least delayed service-- Think again! The Sugar Factory staff was some of the best I have had. Jake out waiter, and Katie another waiter both befriended us and offered us unrivaled service and friendliness.Hands down folks, give this place a try. While I imagine things will change slightly as popularity increases, I could not have been more pleased and strongly recommend going.
1	Embarrassingly over-priced for what it is. It's candy, fer cryin' out loud. $12.99/lb for Hot Tamales or Jelly Belly's? Really? I can't believe so many of these places are opening up along the strip. Is there really a need for a shop in the Miracle Mile shops AND Paris right next door? Really? REALLY?
4	I just came back from there and I'm already planning for the next trip. Very chic and pop restaurant... black and white interior, big window over looking bellagio fountain, and sexy servers. We ordered Chocolate Fondue (Hazelnuts) for two and it was more than 3 of us can finish. Bubble gum unsweetened tea was a bit artificial, but still fun to experience. Overpriced? Maybe a bit. But this is Vegas.
4	The drinks and desserts are the thing here. Wish I had the opportunity to try more of their sweets, but my dining companions had little appetites, lame. This leaves me with more incentive to come back and try all the yummyness. We three girls shared the Tropical Goblet, which was absolutely delicious. Their drink menu alone left me wanting more. Our waitress promised that all the drinks actually tasted like the candies they represented. I'll be back to try the Lollipop Goblet as well as the Blow Pop martini.For dinner I had the brie and ham crepe. Not the best crepe I've had, but it was pretty good for what this place was. The bits of pear and arugula were fresh and the ham and brie were plentiful, so I wasn't disappointed.The restaurant overlooks the strip and the windows are wide open to enjoy the view of the strip as well as the Bellagio fountains, day and night. I was dying to try one of the sweet pizzas or a sundae. Even the fondues were intriguing. It wasn't meant to be on this occasion, but the dessert menu was extensive and my will is strong. I'll be back! Open late, just like I like.
4	Staff members were showing the menu by the door.  We took a look and decided to give it a try for lunch.  We were very happy that we did.  The American pizza was delicious and the waffle smothered in chocolate chunks, strawberries and chocolate sauce was decadently exquisite. The only down side was that the grand opening was the next day and there were alot of employees shuffling around...even a bit of confusion.  Our milk chocolate sauce was dropped on the floor by one server, the next one brought us syrup instead of chocolate, then they brought white instead of milk chocolate...We were not too bothered by it all because we went back the next day for breakfast!..
2	What a waste of $11! We were walking back from a club, and needed a midnight snack. FAIL! Chicken Sandwich was dry and bland, and chocolate strawberry was not sweet. If we go back, we'd have to stick to their sweets.
4	Good food, great service, overpriced drinks. The food we had here was amazing and everyone who worked here was so polite and nice but literally every single person that worked there told us we had to get the goblet drink which is INSANELY overpriced for what it is. There is literally no alcohol in it, tons of ice and is basically a glorified fruit punch. After we were half way done with the drink every employee continued to walk by and say we needed another drink. I'm sorry, I will not spend another $36 on a fancy fruit punch. I would have given this place a 5-star if it hadn't have been for the overpriced drink and every single employee pushing us to buy it plus another one.
4	I went to Paris Las Vegas for the Grand Opening of the Sugar Factory Chocolate Brasserie. I came in through the hotel lobby. To make it to the Sugar Factory American Brasserie, I entered via the Sugar Factory Chocolate Lounge. The hostess was ever glad to see me as I walked in. I was handed the menu. A quick browse through it peaked my interest as an appetizing menu. Oh my, oh my, it is quite luxurious at moderate prices. If you do care to indulgence more, go for the $1,000 "Chocolate Gold". That caught my eyes as I whipped open the menu. Wow! that includes a 2002 Dom Perignon Champagne bottle with many chocolate confections. This sure is a great classy elegant venue. Everything is about chocolate indulgence here. Awesome for chocolate fondue! A hot plate on the bar for the fondue pleasure. Chocolatiers aid in making choices, and are personable. A variety of chocolate confections. My chocolatier had me taste on pink macaroons, chocolate bonbons, chocolate brittles, to name just some I had to sample from which were all heavenly tasting. The chocolate hazelnut bonbon I now count as my favorite. It is flecked with gold! Lounge cozy by low-lighting over the bar or in dark-hued modern furnished table settings. The decor is reminiscent of a romantic Parisian lounge. I sure would love to dine here again for a romantic night and have that chocolate fondue experience. This impeccable new lounge stay open from 10 a.m. to 2 a.m., except Fridays from 10 a.m. to 4 a.m.
4	I am not one for hyped-up restaurants, but i had a friend in town that really wanted to go check out everything the Sugar Factory had to offer.  We went around 8pm on Friday night and got sat immediately.  We were greeted by our server Matt right away and he showed us the "specialty" drink menu and then gave us a few minutes to decide what we wanted.  The drinks all sounded good but considering my sister and I don't eat sugar, we couldn't have any and they were VERY expensive.  The menu is comparable to the Cheesecake Factory, with all the different choices, so it was hard to decide.  We finally decided on a steak sandwich, which my friend said was awesome.  My sister got the bacon and blue cheese burger, she enjoyed it and I got the open faced tuna sandwich.  Mine was good but very overpriced, $14, for one small scoop of tuna, but whatever, it's a restaurant on the strip, what can you do?!  The service from Matt was GREAT!!  Never pushy, very funny and honest about everything on the menu that we asked about.  The music was loud but other than that our experience was great.  We also didn't try any desserts, because of the whole sugar issue but one day we will!    We also were introduced to another server, Jake, because we were saying we saw his name in another Yelp review, he was very nice and funny.  The hostesses seemed kinda of lost and we had 3 different managers come up to "table touch" to make sure everything was OK.  (that was kinda of weird) But it is a new restaurant.  I would go back if I have company in town that wants to go down there and I also recommend it for tourists.  All in all it was a fun night out.
5	Went to dinner here, and everything from foods to drinks to desserts were super super delicious! Love the setting also, and the decoration! Went to the club up stairs after and that was really fun as well! We stayed outside for most of the night. I def recommend this place for dinner!
3	As a local, only occassionally do I feel like playing tourist and going down to the strip. After finding a great locals deal on a show, my daughter talked me into checking out the Sugar factory. It was actually easy to get in there and we had fun just walking around. One employee was especially friendly and fun and she told us all of the "stars" who had already been there. We tried the ice cream and gelato. While the mojito ice cream was what I rally desired, after tasting it, I was disappointed. So, I opted for the pineapple. It was decent, but not anything "special". My daughters had and enjoyed their lemon and strawberry. They both want to go back and try other items and we would all like to return to try the restaurant....we also enjoyed sitting out front of the store and watching the Bellagio fountains...just don't sit on the wall, they don't allow that!
1	Just came back from this place. It's just a big hype with nothing special. I knew the food would be mediocre and over priced so we just went for desserts. The place is really dim and un welcoming. Hostesses werent nice neither. We ordered banana split for $14 and cupcake for $5. When it came out, it looked really melted and so not pretty nor yummy. Ice cream tasted no better than any pre packaged market ice cream.  Soooo overrated. Cupcake is totally wack too. I can buy a better banana split for $5 anywhere else. Avoid this place n goto serendipity.
4	Of the six days when it first opened, we went to dine there at least 5 times and walked the store twice and hit the ice cream bar/coffee twice. Proximity lent to the amount of visits but it was pretty good.  The service was very good and a few items were key.One thing, the crepes aren't that great - you can get a better crepe in side Paris than at the Sugar factory. The two things to definitely get - a Nutter butter milkshake and the open faced breakfast sandwich!We ate there often for different meals and tried different things from crepes, eggs benedict (good but not overly filling), french dip, club sandwiches etc... It's a cute place with an extensive cocktail menu list (kinda pricey, starting at 14, 16 or 36 for the Goblet). The Goin' Banana's Goblet was fun and delicious but kinda pricey. Definitely  share for two!When back in Vegas, i'm definitely going back... Open faced breakfast sandwich and the Fluffer Nutter Milkshake!
2	It was our 1st day in Vegas for vacation and I wanted to go to Sugar Factory to see what all the hype was about. Well what a disappointment. Our server was really nice but the food left something to be desired. I ordered the banana hot chocolate. It had fresh banana chips and it was amazing. Too bad I can't say the same for their chicken and waffles. I'm from the east and haven't had chicken and waffles since I moved to Texas. So I was really looking forward to eating them while on vacation. The waffles were pretty good. But the chicken wasn't cooked evenly. I had some pieces that were cooked and others that just felt sorta slimy. My husband ordered the Mediterranean salad and he was impressed. All in all I'm a little more forgiving since it was only their third day open.
2	This has to be the worst cupcake I've ever tasted. I've had better cupcakes from the grocery store. every thing is over priced (even for Vegas). But I will say that the shakes are good.
4	It's hard to actually rate this place as the reality is that I have tried very little here. But based on what I've tried, the staff, and my desire to want to return, I'll give it 4 stars for now.The reality is that this place is an over-priced candy store with a lot of celebrity hub-bub. And the restaurant portion screams "we're just like Serendipity".But I liked the fact that there is a bar area - both outside, pretty much in the casino, and inside, separate from the restaurant and store. It seems like a great place for a post-dinner dessert cocktail. The cocktail menu definitely had us wanting to schedule a return visit ASAP. The various concoctions sounded amazing.Next to the bar, as part of the bar area, are two large semi-circle booths with fondue table-tops. There are also a couple of small lounge tables with high-back chairs in the middle of the room. Definitely could be a great spot for some post-dinner chocolate fondue. This also had us excited as we are constantly complaining about there not being enough dessert places in Vegas (particularly on the Strip).The restaurant itself was sleek and nice looking. I definitely liked that it is 24/7 (info I am filing away for future use when having a late night on the Strip).The store is fairly large and practically sends you into sugar shock just looking at it. Lots of clothing items, a cold section with a bunch of fun soda selections, a coffee and gelato bar, etc.What I appreciated most was the helpfulness of the staff and their willingness to offer and give samples - from samples of the bin candies to the gelato. And I am not ashamed to admit that we probably tried about 5 of the different gelato flavors - and all were great.As I wasn't feeling chocolate-y (a rare thing for me), I opted for a scoop of the mojito sorbet (after all that free sampling, I felt compelled to purchase something). Unlike others I have had, this one actually had fresh bits of mint in it, which I liked.All in all, it was a good experience - and it was an experience that made me aching to come back and try all of the different things. So we'll see how it all holds up on future visits.
5	We had just finished watching Jersey Boys, had dinner, and decided we  all  wanted a nice dessert...off we went through Paris and low and behold we discovered the Chocolate Factory.  We all liked the fact that there is a bar area, separate from the restaurant and store. It seemed like a great place for a post-dinner dessert. The cocktail menu definitely had us wanting to schedule a return visit ASAP. The various concoctions sounded amazing.Our host seated us next to the bar area, at a large semi-circle booth with fondue table-tops. There are also a couple of small lounge tables with high-back chairs in the middle of the room. This is definetely the spot for some post-dinner chocolate fondue. This also had us excited as we were complaining about there not being enough dessert places in Vegas (particularly on the Strip).What I appreciated most was the helpfulness of our server and Adam Garica.  He manages the Sugar Factory and he went out of his way to make sure we had a good time.    We ordered the Fondue for 2 and although there were 5 of us it was more then enough.  It comes with slices of banana, marshmellow (made on the premises), pound cake, browinies, gummy bears,  rice krispie treats (they have lots, and lots of options to choose from) and 3 different kinds of chocolate to dip the goodies into.  OMG...we were all in chocolate heaven.   We also tried the lollipop and banana martini's.  These drinks are to die for!  We had finished our drinks eaten all the fondue and  Adam came by to thank us for dropping by and surprised us all with a shot of something (we really aren't too sure what it was but it was delicious) that he called liquid marijuana.  It was such a great experience, we felt really special! It was an experience that made me excited to come back and try all of the different things. So we'll see how it all holds up on future visits.
4	i LOVE candy. so of course I LOVED sugar factory. Free samples, throwback candy from my childhood (pop rocks & rock candy!!), rubber duckies, cupcakes, ice cream, cookies, lollies....cue sugar induced diabetes coma. If you only buy/try ONE thing, make it a red velvet cupcake. Seriously.
2	I guess with such a huge store opening on the Vegas strip, you'd imagine decadent, inventive desserts at the Sugar Factory, but not so much.  I only went to the store, and was surprised to find that it was essentially a glorified penny candy shop but with designer prices.  Maybe I was expecting something more unique, but with the exception of a couple creative cupcakes, I wasn't wowed by anything there.  Had a red velvet brownie that was cold and hard and could have been so much better.  Such a shame, because I had been excited to finally check the place out!
4	Great couture pop selection. I have been wanting to be able to pick up a HUGE oversized neopolitan lollipop but I haven't had a chance after each trip out to Las Vegas. They always have a few on hand and I somehow always forget to grab one for the road. Oh man oh man. Prices for bulk candy are pretty high but that's to be expected on the strip. When you think about it though, nobody told you to buy a pound of candy. You can satisfy any sweet tooth for a few dollars here. I have three of their couture pops now. I love that I have had some of them for a few years now and that none of the crystals have come off. Yay. I love that I can always get my refill lollipos here without fail. I think that they even have a few new flavors. They are always so delicious. I love their gelato flavors too but they are just too much after you've shared the most delicious shake with your hubby. Oh man oh man. I just can't ever get enough of this place when I'm in Vegas. I always buy treats from here for my godson and the family. THey always enjoy the hello kitty chocolate bars, ribbon candy, huge gummy bears, etc. One day one day, I WILL buy that HUGE astro pop!
2	Candy Coated Recipe Sugar Factory, please add...*3 large sized "Cross-Trained" Employees*2 happy Attitude Adjustments *1 medium sized Refrigerated Display CaseTo your already...*Delicious selection of candies, baked goods, & cold treats  *Bright & colorful establishmentYes, there was only one person helping with order taking and making of the labor intensive products they have on the menu even though there were 4 people. I guess no one can help that person out. In addition to the velvet brownie & chocolate milkshake, we ordered 4 macarons that were $1.50 a pop for the half-dollar sized yum-yums. Unfortunately, they aren't kept cool in a refrigerated section so they just get hard and downright nasty sitting there. The girl behind the counter said they make them fresh everyday and that they were popular. It's a shame I paid 6 bucks for nasty wafer like cookies. I could have bought myself 2 boxes of OREOS with that money. The only thing going for this over-priced place is the Couture Pops! Sure their pricey but it's all about being seen with those bling-blingin' trendy lollipops. I bought one with a box of refills ($40).
2	Yummy food and fantastic ice cream but waaaaaay too overpriced!$7 for ONE scoop of ice cream? I mean sure its good but it wasn't great.The atmosphere was nice and our server was very knowledgeable of the menu but it's nothing out of this world.Very good location for customers to walk in but after trying it, I can find the same quality elsewhere for cheaper
3	I got the snicker cupcake and the coconut macaroon. The cupcake was gross and dry but the truffled chocolate topping was good. I wish there was a little more snicker taste to the cupcake. The coconut macaroon was pretty good it was caramelized and grilled or fried. My friends deliberated for 30 minutes on buying a hello kitty lollipop for 25 bucks .. way overpriced ...
3	pizza was delish! the frozen peanut butter hot chocolate could've been better, serendipity 3's is better.  chocolate fondue was yummy but when does that ever go wrong?  all in all.... it was ok.... i'd come back esp because i didn't get a chance to see their dessert ... yes i know... how was i able to be at the sugar factory and not go see their dessert.??? idk ... hence... I will be back... maybe next year.
4	My girlfriend and I were just foot-cruising the strip and decided on a whim that we were going to give the Sugar Factory a go.  Pros: * awesome decor... totally different and has a chill vibe.* connected to the store so you can shop, eat, and enjoy a drink all in one.* conveniently (or inconveniently located to some) on the strip* complimentary popcornCons:* more $$$ at the bar (read below)* stale popcorn* not a big fan of the gummy bears * A bit pricey (but being on the strip, it's almost a given)* very attentive service.Tips:* fondue is cheaper in the restaurant than sitting at the bar!* I'm not sure if they allow you to sub, but skip the gummy bears * try a mixture of the milk chocolate and white chocloate.. yummy! Final Verdict:  *  You gotta try the fondue milk chocolate / white chocolate mix  I'd definitely recommend this place.  I'm a fan of fondue and this place did not disappoint.  They have amazing service and very good fondue.  The reason they did not get a 5 star from me is that they had a menu in the bar (which they handed to us) where the prices were a little bit cheaper than the prices on the menu designed specifically for the bar.  I tried ordering the cheaper one to save a few bucks since it was a mirror image of what was offered at the bar, but I was turned down and was told that the price only was applicable if we were dining in the restaurant.  My question is, then why did you give me this menu to look at?  Nonetheless, we decided to stay and have the fondue.  The price is a little steep, but that's the Las Vegas Strip for you.  Service though was really attentive.  I'm pretty sure that all the employees from behind the bar approached us at least one time during our dipping extravaganza to comment or make small talk.  I also wasn't a fan of the gummy bears with the fondue.  I like gummy bears and I like chocolate, but I guess I don't like the two mixed together (perhaps its just me though).  The complimentary popcorn was a treat, but after ingesting a few, I realized it was more a disappointment due to its stale nature and lack of freshness.
5	My new fav vegas place! Creative and unique, amazing Martinis based on sweets!
1	We stopped in here for some drinks and dessert on a Sunday night. The place was packed, so we assumed it must be good. In a group of six, two of us got the cocktails we ordered correctly. One of the novelty cocktails comes dressed with a decorative gum, however it was delivered missing this key piece of dressing. When we pointed it out to the waitress she was unconcerned and said "Oh, uh, we're out of gum" then walked away. The problem was brought to the manager who stared at us blankly. We then explained that if they were out of something they should have let us know before bringing it out so we could order something else. He didn't get it because he just continued to stare at us blankly. Then we explained that we would like to order something else to replace the incomplete product. My friend ordered the 'blow-pop' novelty drink instead. When the manager brought it out (it had the sucker in it and was made properly) he said "Here, theres gum in the sucker." then walked away.The waitress never came back to the table and had to be flagged several times just to get the check. We were so disgusted with the level of service here that we nearly got up and left without paying (we paid, but left no tip).
4	Not your ordinary candy store.. Add this place to your swanky eateries on the strip.. They are a full service restaurant & they do have a full bar... It's gonna cost you though.. For a crown & seven- $11.00 & a heineken is $8.00.  I like the decor though.. It is Vegas after all:) Cheers!!!
4	I died and went to Sugar Heaven, surrounded by clouds of chocolate, gelato, candy and colors.  The $22 celeb-endorsed "couture lollipops" are kind of kitschy but there plenty of other tempting treats. I ended up with the Barbie milkshake: vanilla soft serve, strawberry gelato and marshmallow fluff topped with whipped cream and pink rock candy. Yes. I stuck to the shop and passed on the adjoining restaurant to avoid an inevitable sugar overdose, but I'm sure any drinks and desserts you ordered there would be delectable.
1	If you are the type of person who buys salads from Carls Jr. because of the ads with Kim Kardashian, then this trendy candy shop is for you.This is all style and zero substance.  If you want gummy candy for ten to twenty times the price that you'd pay compared to any 7-11 in the country, then this is your store.They have gelato here too and I haven't tried it, but I was so put off by $20 lollipops and the expensive bulk candies that I passed on it.If you want gummi candy, then go to 7-11.  If you want gelato, check out Jean Phillipe Patisserie in Aria or Bellagio.  If you want chocolate, then Max Brenner and Jean Phillipe are worth checking out.  There are much better options on the strip.  This is a sweets shop that is so large that it is hard to avoid.  By all means, check it out when you're walking by Paris.  Just don't get suckered in because of the marketing and style.
2	The success of this place is based primarily on the hype and celebrity endorsements and not on the actual product. I ordered a vanilla cupcake($6.50!) and it was stale. This place is a glorified Sweet Factory. Save your cash for Jean Philipe at the Bellagio.
2	I could not believe the prices I guess they assume tourists will pay about anything if its located on the strip I mean $6 for a cupcake and $5 for a scoop of gelato? At least if you pay that much at a patisserie in one of the Hotels its actually worth it.
3	So i'll admit i only got 15 measly gummies here so i can have a cute bag: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/c_iQzwsTDYraPvHSKz88QA?select=4QrNUe756MQpnLaJq2v5Sg. It cost me a whopping $3.00. haha, but hey, i was in vegas, i wanted to splurge and to be honest, nothing else really looked tasty here. They were pretty tho. They had cute Giant gummy bears, which i'm sure costed a small fortune. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/c_iQzwsTDYraPvHSKz88QA?select=9OpwUE6-a7FTxVzj6MpmsQ One of their displays kind of irked me tho.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/c_iQzwsTDYraPvHSKz88QA?select=PJTu7n1bVHEkKMoVqlRi-Q
5	It's like a mini willy wonka or sweet factory, higher class though! The strawberry cheesecake gelato was amazing!
3	Came here after the club to eat.  The music coming from Chateau was bumpin as we walked by it.  While my friends and I waited to be seated, we paid a visit at the sweet factory shop.  Everything was mouth watering.  Good thing we were called to be seated before we bought something lol.  I shared a crepe with a friend.  It was not that great; I've tasted better.  It was a bit dry, but the hot sauce made it better.
3	We were in search of crepes for breakfast and decided to stop in. While we didn't end up getting crepes we did enjoy our breakfasts. I had the ham and cheese croissant and mom had a fritatta. The potatoes that came with it were not uniformly cooked so some were pretty raw and others were well cooked. But I loved the tables outside, made for some great people watching. Prices were a bit much for what it was but its Vegas...what do you expect.
4	This review is only for their restaurant. **The restaurant was one of the few shops opened past 3:00 am.  My friends and I were hungry and the locals told us that due to the economy, many restaurants have been closing early.  Thanks to Sugar Factory, we were able to eat!I ordered the Ratatouille Crepe ($12) - warm crepe stuffed with zucchini, eggplant, rosemary, toasted garlic, roasted red peppers, feta cheese, kalamata olives, fresh basil served with mixed greens and balsamic vinaigrette.  Everything about this was good.  The salad on top was amazing and the crepe tasted exactly like a lasagna.  It was so good that I at the whole thing in less than 15 minutes.  :) My friend order an omelette... it was okay.. (sorry don't remember which one she ordered)The interior decor is nice and elegant.  There are a lot of room.  The service was great.  I highly recommend this place.
2	It might have been a three star review if our waitress wasn't both terrible and rude.  We came for dessert which was average, disappointing for a place named the Sugar Factory.  They were out of nearly half their cakes and pastries, so I ordered a belgian waffle sundae.  The waffle was not crisp or terribly warm, so I was very disappointed.  To be fair, my friend had a strawberry shake that was awesome.
4	Best described as a Cheesecake Factory on the strip with a fancier dessert menu and built in candy store, you need to find the right things on the menu to truly enjoy the place. I've been here a couple of times and it is true that somethings on the menu are definitely better than others. Their shakes are fantastic and the fries and deep fried macaroni are superior. Anything burger joint~esque is a safe and satisfying bet, but the day that I had pasta bolognese I was left desiring more. Every dessert that I've had here has been top tier, and the fact that it's right across the Bellagio gives you a wonderful view of the water show if you're sitting outside or by the window. This place is worth a visit, and for those who are paranoid, look for suggestions for good dishes. Enjoy the ambiance, and let the calories roll in.
2	Good idea, nice concept, probably not a bad business.Review on the restaurant part:TERRIBLE SERVICEKitchen cannot keep up, and the servers have too much to handle.Plan on being there for a long time and be ready to send back food and hot drinks for being cold -not even lukewarm.Food is a big meh, but the whole experience is not bad, especially the sugar high.It basically caters to the simple sweet tooths in a creative way.
4	got to try their macaroons! very scrumptious! loved their chocolate & vanilla flavors! :)
3	Located in the Mircle Mile Mall across from the Earl of Sandwiches is this place. It's hard to just walk by and not get thick milk shake for $6. Thick, and creamy, and creamy, and yummy and creamy. I got the very berry blast shake it was a very berry blast-like shake and creamy. But that's not all. They have macarons too. Yah, I was still in awe in front off their gelato freezer and didn't even bother to go around and notice that there were some macarons on sale here. Luckily my friends know that I'm a macaronphile and alerted me to such macarons.They do have 3 flavors out there: Chocolate, Raspberry and Vanilla. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/c_iQzwsTDYraPvHSKz88QA?select=6my4VxfCGHhRIOkSjkOpAgNot bad actually. It seems kind of odd for this sugar and candy store to sell some macarons that are usually found in bakeries. But hey, it's only a $1.50 per macaron and I enjoyed all three of them. I got my macaron fix. Well I continuously had several fixes during this Vegas trip. But you never know if you just need more and now I know there is another place I can get some macarons on my next trip here.
4	My friend and I went to SF last Sunday night cause Mon Amis Gabis had a huge wait. We quickly got a table outside overlooking the Bellaggio fountains. The menu is very extensive so it was a tough choice. We had the fried Macaroni appetizer, which was nice, the sauce was excellent, then he had a great salmon and I had french onion. The only minus of the experience was the entrees came out way too soon. When i was a waitress we'd "fire" the second course when patrons were on their last bite of appetizers. My friend's salmon was fine when the kitchen had to hold the food awhile, but my soup wasn't nice and piping hot. The waitress, Heather, was great and so was the busser (didn't get his name) The cocktails look very fun and creative, but I ultimately skipped the liquid desert. Service is great, but they need to be careful about entrees arriving too soon. Our table top was teeny, so we didn't have room for the entrees til our app plates were cleared. So, bottom line is extensive menu, great views, great backup option to Mon Amis, high quality service, but maybe a wrinkle or two in the "back of house" kitchen area. Again, Heather was great and I recc her, she told me her nights off are Wed and Thur.
2	I wanted to get a Kim kardashian lollipop but it costs freaken $25 Wtf!!! I would pay 5 dollars for that. So sad I couldn't get the lollipop wahhh that's all.
2	This place is eye candy.....but that's where it stopped. Tried to dine here after a show and unfortunately the snarky hostess pi$$ed me off so much,we just moved along. Where do they get these juvenile acting brats when there are so many great people looking for employment? Time for a tude change and it won't be on my dime.
2	Nice atmosphere but food was average at best. Took the sever 20 minutes to bring coffee. When she finally did it was with milk that curdled...i had the western omelette that left much to be desired. Great place to people watch but consider eating elsewhere if you're looking for good service.
5	Such a unique and cute place. We had dinner at the Restaurant next door which was delicious, we sat on the patio and could see the water fountain show in front of the bellagio. Then after we hit the candy store and got a bunch of treats!
2	Staff was some of most helpful and nicest around. The cupcakes were very disappointing though. There was too much frosting (and i love frosting), the frosting was solid for some reason and it had a weird taste. The chocolate covered items were ok, but the chocolate is low quality. The restaurant has good food, but the wait staff was some of the worst i've ever encountered. They were very young, didn't have knowledge of the menu and were very slow even when they only had 3-4 tables next to each other. They stood off to the side and talked for 15 minutes while we were done eating and sitting with our napkins on the table just looking at them, waiting to come over.
4	Yayyy =) I'm a fan.Not only of the desserts (sugar) but, THE FOOD!!!The menu is extensive and is, literally, a book. Kinda reminds me of the menu/book at Cheesecake Factory. YES; THAT much food!Had the crepes with chicken, feta, and spinach. And nooooOOoo, I wasn't on a diet kick, I just like those ingredients.Friend had the turkey club crepe; and another friend had the chicken and waffles.The crepes were good but, after having tried the chicken and waffles; I wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiish, I had gotten something more substantial like their pastas or their bigger entrees.I know one of the chef's there so, he comped us our dessert(s). Plural =)Had the banana split sundae and the...get this: "everything chocolate pizza," which was dark choco syrup, chips, brownies....ughhhhh, it was delicious.The service was spectacular. Our server was soooooo nice. And when he didn't bring my drink in a timely manner because he forgot; he bought my next drink. Amazing =)BLOWS SERENDIPITY AWAY!!!!!p.s. It's open 24/7. Thank me later.
5	I came here on an event with a bunch of AMAZING bloggers and I have to say, the chocolate fondue and delicious dessert drinks were amazing.We sipped samples of the Red Velvet (which was complete with a cream cheese frosted rim) and chocolate martinis - which were both incredible. We also sampled the white chocolate, milk chocolate and dark chocolate fondues. All were incredible.The service was awesome. We were absolutely taken care of. We ventured into the bar to watch them make some of their crazy drinks - you know, like the ones that come with lollipops?Will definitely be back.
4	I finally got my grubby hands on a Couture Pop :) I picked up the Hello Kitty watermelon one and bought refills too. It's sooo expensive for a lollipop ($25, +$15 for a pack of 3 refills) but alllll the stars seem to love (promote) them, so I knew I HAD to have one. There are a BUNCH of cute things in the store, not just overpriced candy. They sell cute apparel; I was close to buying a tank top with a ducky shaped with rhinestones, but I thought better of it. Where would I even wear that out to anyway? But omg..the CANDY!! Huge lollies that are wider than my face. 10-lb (or around that) gummy bears! Such a cute, cute store with loads of sweet goods, such as cupcakes, gelato, and a bunch of baked goods. Be prepared to spend a lot more than you'd normally be willing to.
3	My friends and I were shopping around Miracle Miles and we saw Sugar Factory. We all wanted to check it out since its celebrity endorsed. When I first walked in the store, I noticed the couture pops. I knew I had to get my hands on one of those. The guy in the front was pretty persistent on selling them and he definitely sold me. He even told me the deals on these lollipops. If you buy 3 couture pops, you get a box of free refills. So, I manage to convince 2 of my other girlfriends to buy a couture pop. We also split the box of refill between the 3 of us.  (BTW, hands down...pina colada is the best flavor!)The pricing for the couture pops vary. The sugar factory ones are $22. For $3 more you can get a Hello Kitty, Kim Kardashian, or Britney Spears one. I had the hardest time deciding between the 3. My other friends had on grumpy faces because I took about 30 minutes to figure out which on I wanted. Sheesh, well excuse me for being indecisive. Anyway, I ended up picking the HK one. I'm so glad I purchased it bc I literally bring this lollipop with me whenever I'm in Vegas. Also, a few of my other gfs got pastries from here...to say the least...they didn't like what they got. So, I think the couture pops/refills are the only things I would ever come here for.
2	These two stars go to the girls that bust their butts working at the Sugar Factory.We had a midnight craving after watching the Bellagio Fountain and decided to see  what the craze was at this place.  Service was horrible. But I couldn't really get upset at the girls working there...they were busting their butts serving very demanding drunks ice cream and treats.  No one knew exactly where the line started so we all stood around till someone got our attention.  I had a craving for gelato, but once I got a taste of it...it was wayyy too sweet for my sweet tooth.  Instead I shared the orangesicle milkshake with the bf.  Poor girl had to look up the recipe in her book and it took her a good 5 min to make the shake.  The overpriced, tasting of just CREAM shake made me feel like sick after a few sips.  I'd rather spend my $8 on a shake  at the nearest In & Out--would've been able to buy a few shakes plus French fries.
5	A few years ago, I went to the M&M's factory and thought, "how could someone be so into candy?"  Later that year, I developed a sweet tooth that now leads me to places with names like "Sugar Factory."As soon as I walked in, I was in heaven.  It looked like something out of a Christmas movie or Willy Wonka.  Plus there was lots of pink, glitter and Hello Kitty- so totally my thing.The shirts, clothes and non-food items were oh-so-cute. Believe it or not, I'm not a HUGE candy person.  I love sweets, but I'm more of the dessert type. This place had the BIGGEST cupcakes, brownies and meringue I have ever seen.  The problem is, I was kind of overwhelmed the first day.  We said we would come back the next day, but I got too sick.  I had my friend pick up the cutest shot glass for me there. It was a more reasonable $7 as opposed to those ridiculous $25 lollipops.  My friends got a few different types of candy.I had so much fun just walking around here picking up the 50ish pound teddy bear and looking at all the desserts.I feel like I shouldn't give this place 5 stars because I didn't get to eat the stuff.  But then, its not their fault I got too sick to walk there right...? :/ As far as selection for a edible museum of candy, sweets and just cute things in general goes, Sugar Factory wins if you are the sweets, pink, fluffy, puppies, Hello Kitty and rainbow kinda girl. :)
1	No for service. No for Dinner. Yes for giant sweets and desserts.Lucky for Sugar Factory, they do not rely on loyal repeat customers but rather the one time Las Vegas visiter whom they will never see again and it is quite apparent in their service...or lack of.  The first and last time I dined at the Sugar Factory was for a large birthday party of 20+. The server seemed unexperienced and unable to sufficiently take care of such a large party. On top of the countless mistakes on our meals, the birthday girl never even received her order. My meal-sliders did not come with the cheese and mushrooms as described on the menu. When I mentioned this to the waitress she was rude and stated that she would bring out mushrooms and cheese to me. Excuse me? I am paying $15 for sliders and you are expecting me to make my own? Then once she realized that was unacceptable she took my food back. The cooks obviously just slapped a cold slice of cheese and some mushrooms on my turkey sliders and returned the meal to me. Disgusting!  In addition to this lovely experience at the end of the meal there was so much confusion over splitting checks I was charged for the wrong meal and had to deal with that issue. Unfortunately for Sugar Factory it was not just the terrible service but the food was a disappointment as well. For the prices they charge, I expect much better quality and taste. I guess I was paying to sit and dine on glamorous Las Vegas Blvd.  I will give Sugar Factory one thing-Their desserts and shakes lived up to their name.
1	While on a Vegas adventure with the fam, four of us stopped in for some dessert. Out of the four of us, only two people got what they actually ordered and out of those two, one had to wait for their milkshake for almost 20 minutes. It was poorly explained to us that due to an overwhelming amount of birthdays at 1030pm, the "milkshake station" was overloaded and backed up. We had asked the server to cancell the order due to the wait time and take it off the bill. He said it would be coming right up and 5 minutes later brought the milkshake out and asked if we still wanted it off the tab?!? Of course we replied! This place is extremely loud and poorly staffed. I would suggest saving your money and going elsewhere. They do however have a happy hour (2 for 1) cocktails at the bar area which faces the casino floor.
3	Boo.  I had high expectations of this place because of all the celebrity hype.  My review is mostly directly to the restaurant side.  The food here is short of anything yummy.  The only thing I enjoyed here was the french fries.  I ordered the tuna melt which was a huge mistake.  My friend had a burger which seemed good at the time but led to a stomach infection the next day.  The shakes are too sweet, and the mac and cheese pops comes in a very shady helping.  Although, I give the place 3 stars for having awesome chocolate sensations to choose from in their chocolate bar, as well as the candy you can take out as a treat to go.  The chocolate covered graham cracker crumbs are the best!  If you pass by, come in for chocolate only.  You will not be satisfied with the food.
4	Excellent Sweets! We had a super wonderful and bubbly waitress and really attentive service from everyone. My boyfriend had the malt shake with extra malt and I thought he was going to cry because he was so happy it was SO good. I had the Lemon raspberry sorbet crepes and they were refreshing and tart. It's not super cheap - but hey it Vegas - and I at least felt like it was worth my money.
4	I really love this place! The first time I went in was for candy, but then we saw all the other treats and had to come back again! At happy hour we got 2 for 1 drinks! The Swedish Fish drink was awesome! They also had huuuge cupcakes that looked incredible and yummy looking apples too- covered in S'mores, Oreo, Reese's, and other kinds. So many fun treats!
3	3.5 stars for this place.I went here during my trip to vegas because i was intrigued by their candy cocktails!  We came here during happy hour (from 4-6 i believe) and were able to get BOGO drinks.  If you're not willing to dish out the $18-$36 for a drink..come here during this time.  We got two of the huge goblet ones..it contained passion fruit and pineapple and another contained a mixture of berry juices.  both of these were GER-Rate!  They even came with dry ice..so the drinks had fog coming out of it!  We also tried the almond joy martini and cinnamon toast crunch! Both were also great.  I wouldn't say they're super strong, so if you're looking for a sweet, unique cocktail with a hint of alcohol..get your tushy over to this joint!
3	I went in here for the 1st time, since it stood out and I am a big sweets fan. I was very impressed with all the selection of lollipops, and the flavors. but what i didn't care for was, there are no price tags or signs on anything!  how am i suppose to know what i am paying for if you don't have the price on the item?! then to make it worse, there are no associates to assist you. you will only see a security watching your every move. their sweets are all overpriced, especially their cupcakes, milkshakes, gelatos, sundaes ranging from $7-$10.  I did buy myself a sundae, chapstick, and a pen, just to take back with me to LA as souvenirs...way cute but way overpriced.
2	It's a candy store, so there really isn't much to say on that topic. Candy is candy, but Sugar Factory makes it more of an experience. The good thing is that you can try the candy from the dispensers - no other place lets you do that! The bad? CUSTOMER SERVICE. I was in line for awhile to purchase a cupcake jewelry box thing, and the cashier blatantly ignored my boyfriend and I and rang up some girl first. Like she was picking and choosing! I couldn't believe it. I would have bought more if she wasn't so rude to someone that was waiting in line for SO long.
5	This review is for the location at the Paris hotel. This is the largest sugar factory and the only one I know of where you can be seated for a meal. They have real food but come on let them do what they do bring on the desserts! I had the chocolate pizza which was insane! My gf had the smores crepe which was still very good but my chocolate pizza still rules all. The frozen hot chocolate there was not as sweet as it should have been so it won't save you a trip to Serendipity at Ceasars. The staff there could not have been nicer. They even have a chocolate lounge for fondue if you go at night. This will certainly be a regular haunt for us whenever we are in Vegas.
4	I love fun places and this store is very fun. The employees were REALLY nice and helpful without even having to ask, but I suppose when you are trying to sell $70 dollar lollipop pens it would help to be nice right? They continually offered samples of the bulk candy but having worked at a candy store similar to this one in NYC I politely declined knowing even the best employees cant keep EVERY dirty little child's hand out of the bins. Try to come here when you are hungry so you can try some of their decedent dessert concoctions.
3	Restaurant Review:Ordered a steak sandwich which was pretty bland; not a good follow-up to the also bland BBQ chicken pizza we ordered as an appetizer. This restaurant's saving grace was the nice atmosphere. Also enjoyed the random 80's and 90's songs instead of top 40 you expect to hear on the strip.As a side note (this didn't affect my rating), our server was a snide little douche. Our party consisted of 19 people and this clown gave us crap for wanting the check split. But you're right dude, it totally makes sense for one of us to eat the $400 bill.
5	Best sundaes ever!!!!!!  I was in Vegas for 3 days- I went to Sugar Factory three times!Yes, these sundaes rank as some of the most expensive- about $9.  But, they are huge!  One is more than enough for two people.  Worth every penny.Here are the three sundaes I tried in order from best to just slightly less amazing:1.  Cookie Jar Sundae2.  Mint Chocolate Chip (Not official name, can't remember)3.  Dulce Delicious What I loved best is that it is open late.  The reason why I enjoyed the cookie jar sundae the best may be because we enjoyed it at 1am after a night of dancing.  No trip to Vegas is complete without a trip to the Sugar Factory or three.
4	Big deserts in a really fun atmosphere. In typical "on-the-strip" fashion, the prices are exaggerated, but in this case, so was the portion size of the sundae that I ordered. This is a fun place to go with friends. Not the best desert flavor wise, but it was not bad. I am not sure why the Sugar Factory has this fascination with gummy products as if they are some kind of attractive "sweet." But they use them more than I would have expected a classy place like this to have.
5	My husband and I stopped by this place close to midnight to get our sundaes.  After seeing the line and people ordering double scoops, and seeing the flavors, we buckled and had a double scoops.  We were not disappointed...  well, maybe he was.. he got the mojita which didnt go well with the cone I dont think.  I was extremely happy with mine, the hazlenut latte.... mmmmmm.... Service was excellent, everyone was friendly and offered this advice and that advice.  We got some parting gifts as well.  I would definitely recommend stopping by here.
4	Came to Vegas for my 21st birthday (who doesn't? Haha!) and decided to give this place a try when I saw they had Hello Kitty lollipops. We got the frozen hot chocolate and frozen espresso to start our table. They were delicious, but a tad too sweet to start my morning after partying. Haha! I had the Ratatouille crepe. It was okay. Tasted like vegetarian lasagna in  thin pancake. It said there were eggplants in it, but I couldn't taste/see any eggplants. My cousin got the Open-faced tuna melt. That was delicious! I ended up eating more of her food than mine. Haha! The rest of the party ordered the Monte cristo sandwich, a mixture of different crepes, and sandwiches. I didn't get to taste them all, but the Monte cristo was really good. The bread that the sandwich came in was like French toast bread. It really added an extra yumminess to the sandwich. I bought a bunch of goodies at the gift store. Definitely gotta check that out when you go there. Oh, and our server, Todd, was cute. Hahaha!
4	To my knowledge this is the biggest Sugar Factory venue in Las Vegas (please correct me if I'm wrong).  It is located inside the Paris Hotel, and it is accessible from the street if you're walking.  I know there are some in other hotels, but they have only candy stands and do not have a full operational bar and restaurant.The candy cocktails were good and I'm a proud guy admitting that.  It's probably one of the first fancy cocktails I've ever tried (and honestly, it will probably be my last).  Fancy drinks usually aren't my thing, and I can settle with just a cold beer like any other guy.  Still, this was tasty and I can see a lot of girls fall in love with it.The appetizers were heavenly.  I tried the fried macaroni n' cheese balls and the garlic bread with tomatoes and onions.  They were small finger food, but they were perfectly made.Your eyes will also be treated.  I've been to several restaurants on the Strip and this is definitely up to par in terms of decor.  The walls are decorated with chocolatey goodness and candy bars.  The little colors of the candy packaging adds up to a collection of great eye candy (how fitting!).The menu is pricy, so it's not a place I would go everyday, or even every weekend.  However, when a visitor is in town this is definitely a venue I would recommend.  I probably won't be going with my guy buddies, though.  Something about going to the Candy Factory doesn't seem fitting for an all-guy hangout."Where you guys going?"Me: "I'm going to go to the Candy Factory with Paul.""...OK."Sounds like a date or something.  However, it would be a great place to bring your girlfriend or out of town friends and families.  If it wasn't so pricy I would definitely come here more often, but sometimes you get what you pay for. And I feel like this venue is worth every penny.
3	Last day in Vegas and I was craving a French Dip sandwich. Stumbled on this place on our way out the night before and decided to give it a try. The decor is adorable. It has a sweet appeal to it, right down to it's name. The service was a little slow and scattered, but if there's good food, I don't really care. My friend and I both ordered the French Dip and it was very, very good. The meat was so tasty and their au jous was perfect. The french baguette it was served on was a little on the hard side, which was the only bad thing I have to say about it. We ordered milk chocolate fondue which came complete with marshmallows, gummy bears, strawberries, banana, white chocolate bread, shortbread and brownie bites. The chocolate was a little cold, but that didn't stop us. We also got to watch the Bellagio fountains from where we were seated, which was beautiful even in the daylight.They also serve these amazing sundaes and drinks in martini glasses. Unfortunately, we never ordered one, but they looked so yummy! Definitely have to try one next time.
3	Nice but loud atmosphere right on the strip at the Paris Casino. The "funky" room in the back was much quieter and had a lot more soul. Unique and interesting furniture right out of the "Munsters" or "Adam's Family". This restaurant serves meals but we were there for dessert. The strawberry shake was excellent and the sundae was "okay". Too much cream and sprinkles for my liking. And the portions were humungous! Service was quite good. Long wait times to get in. Nice selection of candy in the attached store.Exc - Decor!Good - DessertsAve - NonePoor - Loud, busy, long wait times.WOULD I GO BACK?  Yes, maybe for a meal the next time.
4	This place was fun! A total tourist trap but really cute idea. Honestly, I didn't understand the bedazzled lollipops that the Kardashian sisters were seen sucking, but the ice cream is AMAZING. I got something white chocolate and it was SO SO good but so rich. I shared my small with a friend and we had a hard time finishing.I got a large red velvet cupcake for later...We also couldn't finish that. I spent a crap load of money in this place on a few items, but it's definitely a fun treat. So adorable inside and lots of options. I would definitely go back for the ice cream. Just be prepared to spend, spend, $$$pend.
1	Alright, so here we go:First time I went there, I took about 5 friends with me. These are the things I ordered and the ratings:French Onion Soup - 2 starPizza- 4 starSpaghetti- 1 starWaffle- 4 starSecond time, I raved about the waffles to my friends (took 3 new people/foodies/serious yelpers) and so we went back.My Waffle-  was rubbery, gross, tasted like crap. I truly thought it was a frozen waffle that got microwaved. Not to mention I got the same waiter AGAIN, and he forgot my chocolate sauces. They brought me a new one, and one was slightly crispy, and the other was rubbery. My fellow cousin (foodie and serious yelper) ordered the Crepe.  When it arived it looked like OMELET w/ NO JOKE, PROCESSED CHEESE THAT YOU GET FROM DEL TACO POURED ON TOP.I felt TRULY bad for my cousin for even bringing her here. Other friend had TUNA MELT- said it was overly saltyOther friend ordered SANDWICH---was missing an avocado and he had to ask. Waffle-  -10 stars.Omelet w/ Velveeta or whatever that stuff was-  -5 starCroissant-  5 star the first time that i was raving to go back. 2nd time it was 2 star (OVERLY dense and not fluffy, and a bit burnt)AND HOW IS IT THAT A PLACE THAT SELLS DESSERTS CANNOT EVEN SPELL MACARONS CORRECTLY???   MACAROONS?? REALLY? Management needs help.
5	Um yeah... this place is insane. You walk in and yeah there's a huge sweet shop with $30 lollipops and crazy cupcakes and everything in-between. But connected to that is a bar, yes a bar with alcohol and next to that a restaurant. It's a bit overpriced but you going in expecting that, it's Vegas baby. Cool place, especially if you have a crazy sweet tooth, need a shot of tequila and then chase that all down with some prime rib.Robert Pfeifer
4	pizza is good......i love the fun place which like sugar factory, the chocolate hotpot was good........we order:1 PIZZA1 salad3 drinks1 hotpot chocolate1 rasberry sandwiches6 pics macaroonTotal :$131not bad
5	I think this store is so adorable...the celebrity photos that line the wall is sure to draw a good crowd in and the associates are friendly...nothing unique but a lot of diff designs for the bling lollipop holders
3	3.5 stars. Like, wow. How much weight did I gain just by stepping foot in this adult candyland? We'd passed this place multiple times and decided to make it into a breakfast excursion. I'd read the reviews, and was determined to try the red velvet pancakes - as well as the dessert pizzas.My only regret is that my stomach is wayyyyy too small. I ordered the pancakes AND a cheese omelette, but couldn't take more than a few bites of each. The pancakes were a little disappointing, I found nothing exceptional about the taste. The omelette was amazing, however (chock full of melty cheese), as were their home fries. I know my partner in crime totally dug her egg white frittata.Service was excellent, all the way around, and we had a prime view of the strip from our little table.I was seriously bummed that I was too full to try one of their ridiculous milkshakes, cocktails or the dessert pizza, but alas - one can only consume so much. I'll have to head back next time I'm in Vegas.
3	This is the Sugar Factory flagship store and has just about every Sugar Factory product there is (including jeans and swimwear which I thought was a bit odd). They even have a few amazing (and addictive) edible items that you can't get at the other stores. Beware though, this place gets CROWDED especially at nights and on weekends and while the counter staff is good, it gets overwhelming just being in there. If you're from out of town (or not), my advice if you just need a souvenir or a milkshake... Go to Planet Hollywood and get a coupon book from the Miracle Mile customer service desk. For the last couple of months, there's been a 20% coupon in there that is valid for the Sugar Factory store at Planet Hollywood (not valid at the Paris location). It's good for the shakes/cakes/couture pops/etc. Hey, if you're gonna spend $25 on a lollipop, at least get some kind of discount, right?
3	I tried the frozen chocolate...mmm whipped cream i think was white chocolate flavor and there was caramel and oreo in there too...mmmI think I would have splurged if my boyfriend wasn't there, didn't want him to think I was a fatty, but they have so much candy and chocolate. A lot of caramel apples and desserts!!! I want to eat lunch or dinner there when I go back just to try but I heard it was really expensive. They have the Kim Kardashian, Britney Spears....famous lollipops with the sticks that have different designs and can be re-used (only with the sugar factory lollipops) and it comes with a plastic sphere that closes around and saves your lolli if you haven't finished it. Downside, these things are $25, the hell? But I bought one anyway, hey-it's Vegas, it's for an experience!
2	I've heard about the Sugar Factory from Kim Kardashian's blog so I wanted to check the place out. The place is decorated well with photographs of the celebrities that have visited the store. The candy is very expensive. The candy cans start at $8 just for the can and additional charge to fill it in with goodies. The couture lollipops that the celebrities endorse and have blinged sticks are $25, which is not worth it because after you eat the lollipop you're left with only a stick. I tried the cupcakes they have there. My sister bought me the giant reese's pieces cupcake for $6 and it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. Although I think it's better and cheaper to try a cupcake rather than the candy at the Sugar Factory. The have the average size cupcakes for $4.50. The restaurant connected to the candy store looked amazing though, but I did not have a chance to dine there. Mainly people go to the Sugar Factory because of the celebrity endorsements and great location, it's right in front of the Paris Hotel and you have a great view of the Bellagio fountains if you eat at the restaurant. It's an expensive price to pay for average quality goods.
4	If you are a candy lover, this place is out of this world. There is everything that you can possibly imagine.  As I meandered through the store, I was overwhelmed by all the sugary confections to try.  I was sold on the counter with all the chocolate goodies.  Peering through the glass, I spotted chocolate covered potato chips.  What an odd concoction!  However, I was blown away by the harmony of flavors or sweet and salty.  I even came back for more.I think we spent a good hour in the store just playing.  It was really fun looking at all they had to offer.  They obviously are known for their spinning, bedazzled lollipops endorsed by the likes of the Kardashians, Holly Madison, and the Pussycat Dolls.  Be prepared to pay $22- 30 for those.  I enjoyed the goodies as much as the entertainment factor the store had to offer.  And service is impeccable.
2	My daughter and husband were soo excited about going to the Sugar Factory. They love their candy! We walked in and the decor was soo cute! The music was great and you felt almost like you were in a club. I must warn you to be prepared to pay $20 dollars for a lollipop.The place is expensive. We purchased a couple of red velvet cupcakes and they tasted like cornbread with color. The only thing good was the frosting. We were really disappointed! My daughter was happy with the Rainbow Lip Tattoos. The candy is okay but nothing special and stay away from the gelato. It's not that great!
4	my man n i went during lunch time and ordered the all american pizza and the full monty sandwich, and they came out hot, fresh, and tasted way better than expected!asides from good quality toppings, the pizza crust is thin and crispy with the right amount of chewiness.the usual monte cristo sandwich is deep fried, but their's is done french toast style. as soon as i bite into the wooey gooey buttery goodness of that unassuming classic, i was in love! it also came with a side of sweet spicy ralish, which complimented the sandwich perfectly. we left the place satisfied and thoroughly impressed.can't wait to go back again!!and we did...we went and tried out the new menu last night, and we sat at the patio which wasn't there when we were there last time.we got us a big goblet of the Twinkie cocktail.  the goblet came filled with ice and two Twinkies sitting on top, and the cocktail was poured table-side.  it was delicious, yellow, sweet and milky, tasted just like Twinkie, but better!we also ordered the buttermilk onion rings and a build your own pizza.  the onion rings came with four different sauces from tangy to sweet to creamy to spicy.  the rings were fresh and crunchy, very satisfying.  pizza was as good as we remembered.we also got a milk chocolate tart off the dessert menu.  the tart was filled with milk chocolate ganache and caramel, my favorite kind of combination! it came with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream and caramelized bananas. the plating was beautiful, definitely good eats!the vibe of the restaurant is always hopping.  the view of the bellagio fountain makes the experience all the better!
3	This was our first visit to The Sugar Factory. Now we had a huge party of 17 so we expected to wait a long time, however the wait was about 30 minutes. We browsed the candy store portion while we waited. Now the candy part was super cute and trendy. And like all trendy things expensive! We did receive a fair amount of free samples of the gelato. My kids instantly found the Couture Pops surrounded by pictures of all the famous people who love them as well. So thanks Sugar Factory for the 3 $25 lollipops I was talked into buying. Luckily we received a refill pack for free. We were seated and the decor was nice. Our waitress was friendly. The food: my husband and I shared a Rosemary Chicken Caesar Salad and a Bleu Cheese Burger. The burger was fabulous! The salad not so much. The chicken was dry and the lettuce pieces were whole not chopped. My kids had chicken fettecini. The chicken tasted like it was boiled and the sauce was bland. The bar b q pizza was good. But it's just that. Nothing fancy. The tea was $4 and soft drinks were $3.50. My daughter and nephew received a chocolate cupcake for their birthday. The frosting was good but the cake itself was dry. I also purchased a small red velvet cupcake for $5. Way over priced. It was pretty good, a tad dry which is easy for red velvet. We took the kids back for the gelato. The smallest cups were $5 too. So overall it was more of a fun ambiance rather than exceptional dining. For me, my husband and 3 kids(not counting the baby) $100 for lunch and another $100 for ice cream and Courure Pops. Ouch! It definitely was comparable to any other restaurant on the strip price wise so just be prepared.
3	Stopped by the store with some friends while walking the strip. It's very attractive with all the colors that you're drawn to go inside. $25 for a lollipop?! That's so crazy to me, but I guess so, haha. My friend bought one. They're bling'd out & have a plastic covering so you can save your lollipop. I personally like the Kim Kardashian one, but the other ones are cool too. There's a lot of cute things in the store. I especially liked the caramel apple decorations, but it looks too pretty to eat, haha.Customer service was okay. Employees weren't as nice as you'd think they'd be in a candy store. Not sure if I'll ever really end up buying something from here, but it's a cool place.
2	We sat on the patio for dinner, the view is the main reason this place gets two stars. There is a gorgeous view of the strip. This is mainly a review of the food. I had a burger, it was ok. It was a burger, like one I could have gotten from in n out for 1/4 the price.I cant even remember what my friend got, I even tried it, but I cant remember for the life of me what it was.We split a Nutella crepe for dessert- pass. The crepe was soggy.The waitress lost my credit card and did not tell me, she had the hostess distracting me while she looked around our table for the card. This went on for about 10 minutes before I pointed it out on the floor. I would never go back to this place, there are 100s of amazing restaurants in Vegas, dont settle.
4	I really loved this place! The service was pleasant! We had a lovely view outside and the sundae (the cookie jar)  was fantastically fabulous! A very sweet date spot for a nice dessert after dinner!
4	I loved all of the candy assortments and cupcakes too! Chocolate covered gummies are a must to try. The prices were a bit higher than I would pay but great for the novelty.
3	They had some cute stuff in there. I saw some cute ducky items that I liked, but you know it's overpriced.Cute store, but overpriced.
5	Order the "Make A Wish" milkshake.  You have to.My boyfriend and I went there to get them 3 times during our week long trip.  He even mentioned at one point being willing to fly out to Vegas just for that milkshake!Also bought some french macaroons and meringue.The Key Lime Chipwich was awesome too!
4	was very impressed with this place. Gave away a lot of free samples to the kids and I. They have anything you can imagine. A bit pricey for candy and cupcakes but it vegas right.
4	It was the first meal I ate when I arrived in Las Vegas, and it was absolutely delicious.  I ordered a chocolate martini which was really good and the eggs benadict.  I absolutely loved the eggs bendict because it was not traditional.  They served the eggs over a bed of potatoes instead of the traditional english muffin.  Fun atmosphere, I would definitely go there again!
4	Cute little place. There's 3 on the strip...  The Mirage Hotel, Planet Hollywood's shopping forum and their NEW Flagship store AND restaurant at The Paris Hotel. The place overall is cute BUT the prices are outrageous. $20+ for a lollipop?  I know they're couture lollipops but geez...  It's not like the stick has DIAMONDS in it. BUT people give in to it. Me, I prefer the clothes. Tees and Hoodies if I can find what I like. Although, I did get a cute commuter mug that was reasonable. So, all in all, it wasn't that bad.  But I think if the lollipops were a little more reasonable, I'd probably get one
4	Here's an example of where advertising works. I was just minding my own business walking around in the Paris Hotel and the billboard caught my attention. I wasn't even craving something sweet, but for some reason the color scheme made me want to try it.I was super thirsty and thought the restaurant was the only place to get something to drink. When we asked the bartender where we can order a shake to go, he told us to go inside to the store. Little did I know the shop was just on the other side of the door! Inside there was tons of options to choose from, but I had my mind set on a shake. I ended up getting a raspberry fruit one because of the description. I won't say it quenched my thirst, but I will say it was a nice thick shake.
4	Happy hour!  Ladies the martinis here are to die for and are a great deal at happy hour.  This place is a must for dessert and a great place to meet up with girlfriends for a couple of early drinks!   Had lunch there 1X - it was pretty good and had a shake from the ice cream counter which was also very good. I can't wait to return.  Wish they'd open in Chicago!
2	The only thing I enjoyed was sitting outside and people watching. My husband and I came for dessert and drinks and it definitely wasn't worth what we paid (like many places on the strip). The martinis were tasty, but not $16 tasty...worth about $10 in my book. I had high expectations for the desserts (it's called the Sugar Factory after all...) and they fell short. I feel like I could have made my fruit tart at home with a flakier, less "hope this fork doesn't bend when I cut this" crust. My husband's chocolate cake thing had beautiful presentation but was way too rich. I get that that was the point, but it was more ganache-like than I would have liked. Probably wont go here again, nor would I recommend to friends.
5	Omg!! My new favorite place on the face of the earth!!! Happy hour is 2 for 1 drinks. Drinks all inspired by candy! The food was also great! I wish I could open one in my hometown just so I can hang out there all day :) :)
2	So disappointed, second time I've been here and the service was horrible. We sat for 10 minutes before anyone even came by. The table was so wobbly our water spilled and when we asked to move, our waiter acted like it was such a problem, seriously the place was not even a fourth full. The chocolate pizza was like rubber, when we told the waiter he said what do you want? I told them we were locals and we had been there before and this was the most disappointing outing I had there. Sorry Sugar Factory but I'll be referring my guest to other restaurants on the strip.
2	Dined there this past Saturday for late lunch/early dinner to beat the crowds.  Sure enough they weren't busy.  Once seated  minutes passed and no server which already set my impression of the service.  It must of been at least 5 minutes after we decided what to eat that I had to flag down a waiter.  He was apologetic and said he would get our server.  Finally, one came and I was impressed with the service Daniel had given.The food was nothing to remember.  Dessert were a okay.  Definitely think this place is overrated and does not live up to the hype.
2	TERRIBLE service. Music was way too loud. We were going to have dessert in the cafe, but after 15 mins of listening to the drunk guy sitting inches from me and no sign of service, we left. We got some treats to-go from the shop, which was no easy task either. Service was terrible on that side too. Unfortunate!
4	Keeping true to our newfound tradition, my friend and I headed to the Sugar Factory after seeing the Naked and Famous at the Cosmopolitan. I'm not sure what it is about indie music, but it calls for sugar afterwards. Upon entering the Sugar Factory, we were greeted at least three times by the hosts/hostesses. We were immediately seated, and attended to by multiple waitstaff. Jesus, I felt like some sort of rock star with all the attention were getting. Eventually, we decided upon the Strawberry Brioche French Toast. When it came out, we instantly rejoiced in the excellence of our decision. Two pieces of brioche, battered, fried up with not only regular cream cheese but a strawberry cream cheese. All sorts of berries adorned the top (including a mysterious grape-like pearl), not to mention the dark chocolate sauce and whipped cream. The hour and half walking the Strip was clearly in order to justify this dessert - to say it was delicious would be an understatement. It was decadent, somewhat healthy, and worth the 13 bucks. Now if you enjoy over-the-top desserts masquerading as "breakfast", Sugar Factory is definitely the perfect spot for you.
4	Even though I'm no longer in full training mode, I'm still hungry every 2 hours.  At least here in Vegas, I feel somewhat less guilty actually eating so often.  So in the middle of the afternoon, we stopped in for a rest ... I started in the coffee section of the menu, but ended up ordering a $36 36oz drink.  It was delicious. The sunshine tea was like a long island iced tea, only it tasted awesome.  We also shared some fries which helped soak up some of the alcohol.
3	Pretty fun. If I had kids and I was in Vegas (which I never would do; the smoke there is awful), I would take them to Sugar Factory, Circus, Circus, and maybe Madame Tussands. It's got a pretty awesome selection of candy and the food there is pretty good (not what I ordered which was a cheese crepe or something but the turkey and pear crepe, which I tasted, was good). THE HOT CHOCOLATE WAS THE BEST. The cupcakes were meh.
3	Candy crack house! Gelato was good, but cupcakes were not...
2	The only thing I truly enjoyed was sitting outside and people watching (and our waitress, who was very nice). My wife and I came for dessert and drinks and it definitely wasn't worth what we paid (like many places on the strip). My wife said the martinis were tasty, but not $16 tasty...worth about $10 in her book. I had high expectations for the desserts (it's called the Sugar Factory after all...) and they fell short. I feel like my wife could have made my fruit tart at home with a flakier, less "hope this fork doesn't bend when I cut this" crust. My chocolate cake thing had beautiful presentation and was really rich. I actully like it that way, but my wife wasn't a fan.Probably wont go here again, nor would I recommend to friends.
4	Good place to pick up touristy, high end sweets. Pricey and branded for people who are into star-studded candies such as Britney Spears and Kim Kardashian lollipops. Why is your Dear Super Cool Yelper in such an establishment? My friend loves Britney. And now she has a lollipop to prove it.They do sell candy cigarettes... illegal to sell in all states except Nevada. :)
3	During a night of strolling on the strip, my friends and I decided to make a scheduled stop here for desserts.  I've been here several times with a couple more friends, but the review is the same.  The food isn't all that impressive, not even their desserts.The candy store is fully stocked, however.  From popular candies like skittles to more obscure confections like a marshmallow the size of a small UPS box, the candy store won't fail to please.Their desserts aren't all that good.  Their macaroons aren't made the way that they're supposed to- the inside has some very chunky filling inside.  Their other desserts are just alright.The only thing I would come back to this place for is their drink which they put dry ice in.  The smoke from the ice will over flow the gigantic goblet (enough to share between 5 people), and the different colored juices and candies inside the drink is also pretty impressive.The MOST impressive thing at the place is the chocolate lounge they have, serving fondues with super premium chocolates that range up to $1000 person (mainly because of the gold flakes they use and the types of alcohol mixed into the chocolate).  Yup.  We go hard here :)Sugar Candy is open 24/7, as with most things in Vegas, but save a buck or two by going elsewhere for dinner.
3	This place is packed, but they have an amusing gift shop you can waste time in while waiting.  There is not much seating room in the waiting area so you either need to wear comfortable shoes (something I did not do) or take a seat at the bar.  They have those big fishbowl drinks... tempting but I did not have one.  My meal was fish and steak with green beans and mashed potatoes.  It was very good.  I sat outside and that was slightly more quiet than indoors.  I wanted to have dessert but I was too full.  They have a huge assortment of pastries (well duh, it's called sugar factory) but I did not try a single one.  All in all, I had a nice meal here with good service, but considering the price and the wait I would probably only come back here if there was a discount offer or something like that.
4	Really good food at the restaurant and way better desserts at the candy store. At the restaurant I just had their Sugar Factory burger. THe burgers are thick and juicy and their special sauce goes well with the overall flavor. Both the fries and sweet potato fries are cooked well.The cupcakes and other desserts are great. I've had their brownie cookies and they are amazing. I also recommend their red velvet brownie and cupcake, oreo cupcake and other cupcakes. Try sharing though because it is heavyupdate 11/18/11I had their turkey and brie crepe. It was really good. It kinda tasted like the chicken bake from Costco but fancier. The inside was pretty smooth like the turkey was grounded to a spread. It had a apples in very little pieces. I would have liked a bit more texture inside but the flavor was good either way. We also ordered one of their sundaes. This is HUGE. There was 5 of us who shared it. Granted there was a lot of fluff from the whip cream that made it look bigger than it is, it was still filling. If you're going to splurge, I'd recommend it as the cherry on top of a fabulous meal
2	We were here last night and bought some cupcakes. They were dry, not all that yummy, and 2 cost 9 dollars. Seriously disappointed with this experience because I have heard and seen so much about this place and was really thinking it was going to be awesome. Maybe the candy is better but Im not much of a candy person, I like my cake.
5	Great Food & Great Place to stop in and experience! Need a location in Seattle , Wa would be my only suggestion!
4	Delicious food, great view of the Bellagio Fountain Show on the veranda & sinful goodies in the back @ the loungeWe Scrumptious Buttermilk Onion Rings Served with Chipotle Ranch Dressing and Fried Macaroni & Cheese Pops Served with Creamy Tomato-Herb Sauce appetizers. Followed by a Perfectly cooked Grilled Steak, Mushrooms & Arugula Salad with Roasted Red Pepper Vinaigrette individually halved for our entree.The service was average, but the view, delicious food and lively strip made up for it.We moved to the Chocolate Lounge and indulged on to a sampling of wonderful chocolaty treats.1st stop when I'm back in vegas!
2	I could not enjoy this place. I had someone following me every two seconds asking if I have looked at their suckers or their deals. Its a small space they could see I just told the girl two steps over I was ok.
3	There have been over 100 reviews made for Sugar Factory, so let me just get down to it. It is overpriced average (almost sub-par) food, but it is right on the strip, and you can see the Bellagio fountain across the street, and just the idea of being in a "Sugar Factory" makes one giddy from within, well, at least me... My girl-friend and I tried the mussels, split a bleu cheese cheeseburger with bacon and shared a classic sundae.  She also had a chocolate milkshake and I had a spiked grape soda (I forgot the name).  Mussels were just ok; cheeseburger was ok; the french fries were pretty good though.  Sundaes are never bad, so can't really say much there.  My spiked grape soda tastes exactly like a grape-flavored soda with alcohol in it. The bill was $75 after tax.   Like I said, the food was ok.   I wouldn't go there again for the food, but I would definitely go for the ambiance! One thing to note is that our server, Janay, mistakenly gave us vanilla in our sundae, when we asked for strawberry.  She made it up by giving us a big bowl of strawberry ice cream, so we ended up having four scoop of ice cream.  Needless to say, we didn't finish. I really enjoy the idea of being at the Sugar Factory, but there really wasn't anything tangible that will attract me to visit again.  Maybe I will go on a rainy day with nothing better to do and pretend I am a tourist. Or maybe go with my honey after romantic evening consist of dinner and a show... Just maybe.
4	The real name is the diabetes factory. Its a novel idea to attract sweet tooth foodies. Worth a visit!
4	I wish this place was bigger! They just have the cutest and tastiest things! I went there the other day with my boyfriend and a guy behind the ice cream counter bounced up all happy and peppy, greeted us and instantly offered a mixture of ice cream flavors for me to try. All the ice creams were so yummy and he suggested all these cool mixtures of the flavors. He was so great! I had no intention of getting ice cream but I quickly bought a little cup of tiramisu flavored ice cream. YUMYUMYUM!
4	This place is SO Vegas. I finally got to eat here with a friend and fell in love with the ambiance. Service was so-so but the food was good and flavorful! My friend ordered the chicken spinach crepe and I had the Mediterranean salad. The food was tasty, the prices a little high which we swallowed anyways because hey, its Vegas. We were in awe of the $36 cocktail bowls that couples were sharing. I'm quite curious about them now, perhaps on my next visit? Looks like blackout in a bowl to me!
5	The Sugar factory is one place in Las Vegas anyone visiting Sin City should just never pass up. Here you will find many things that will make a sugar addict go nuts. From chocolate anything to cookies to candy of any type you could ever want to ice cream and shakes there is so much here and all you need to do is get one of the fill it up containers and get busy. My son and I filled up a paint can container stuffed full of so much and went to the counter for ice cream. It was all so very good. We could not get over all the chutes full of chocolates, and candy, this is one place full of fun loving people who were just out for a great time. My son and I left with sugar galore and we will be back. Come here and prepare to be thrilled and get ready for a really big sugar high.
2	This review is sorely on the cupcakes at the Sugar Factory location at the Miracle Mile Shops/Planet Hollywood. I love cupcakes, in fact, I bake cupcakes as a part-time job, so I rarely buy them unless I think they'll be awesome. Unfortunately, these were not. Before you think that I'm just being biased because my cupcakes are tons better, please read on... I don't buy cupcakes from fancy shops like this, but when I see some I like, I do, and I thought these would be great. They were awful! I got 2, red velvet and peanut butter chocolate. I gave the RV cupcake to my sister so I don't know how it was, but the PB cupcake was one of the worst cupcakes I've ever eaten. I'm not big on Sprinkles cupcakes, but these were actually worse than Sprinkles! The cake is dry, the frosting is hard, dense, and way too sweet. It just needed 5 mins. or so less cooking time. Never again! Some good points... staff is great. Most of these Vegas shops aren't very friendly. But the staff was really attentive and when I found out their lollipops were $22-$25, I was in utter shock, and the man behind the counter gave me a "I don't blame you" look. The cupcakes comes in a great packgaging, a clear box, and they even give you a fork and napkins if you ask. The shop is just too cute, and since I went during Halloween, it was very festive. I would love to try their gelato some day, and I do see myself coming back, but probably only for candies or gelato.
5	I went to Vegas for my best friends birthday and we decided to make Sugar Factory the birthday breakfast.  There were 3 of us and we each got something different. I had the Strawberry Brioche French Toast with a scoop of ice cream, she got the Apple Pie Waffle and he got Red Velvet Pancakes. Re-read this last sentence so your mouth can water once again. The food here was delicious and the service was great. We even stopped in next door at their candy shop for some sweet treats for the room for the rest of our visit.
4	I can't believe I went to this store, every time we passed by it. All the hard candy and the gummies..the chocolate...the pastries...they're all just too inviting!!!!So i got the bling hello kitty lollipop for $25 and 2 sets of a mix of lollipop toppers. I super love the watermelon and the blue raspberry flavors.I love it!!!!
2	It's really nothing special if you ask me. Unless you're a tourist who doesn't know much about the great local spots available it maybe satisfying. But asides from the decor I think the sweets are just too sweet to do anyone any good and especially not worth the price. It's just really hyped out I mean would you really buy a lollipop holder that Katy perry designed for $25? Seriously! Where do they come up with this stuff! 1 star for the fun decor and another for having a little cafe sitting eatery station.
3	Cute shop with lots of fun stuff. They will let you sample the bin candy if you ask. They had some cute Halloween stuff like candy blood in an IV bag that I thought was really original. The real treat was I bought this Red Velvet cake brownie that had this gooey fudge-y brownie on the bottom, a layer of cream cheese frosting, then a layer of red velvet cake and a huge amount of cream cheese frosting on top. It was delish! The frosting was nice and stiff, just the way I like it. No airy confections for me, I want to be able to sink my teeth in it! I will definitely go back here and get this brownie again the next time I am in Vegas.
2	Sugar Factory, I had such high hopes for you! And you let me down... and I'm a sugar addict!Don't get me wrong, like others have stated SF has wonderful desserts.  There are a variety of baked goods, candies, ice creams, and other sugary goodness, but the food in the cafe was OK at best.We ordered the macaroni and cheese pops (the only tasty item I had all night besides dessert). They were amazing! The sauce is off the chain! (Do people even say that anymore?) Definitely order these. You will NOT be disappointed. I also started off with a Lollipop Passion Goblet cocktail. It was overpriced and full of ice (and dried ice)! It was $36 and I didn't even get a buzz (weak)! They have a variety of different goblets available, with a hefty price tag and no pay off, I was reluctant to order another cocktail.For dinner I ordered the French Dip which was tasteless and bland. Pretty much the worst French Dip I've ever had. My best friend had their sliders, which were okay. Nothing special. My mom had a pasta, which I tried and we both agreed it was flavorless. My sister ordered the BBQ pizza which was pretty dang good, but not mind blowing. We were all pretty disappointed with our over priced food and under performing beverages.We ordered dessert, we got the cookie jar sundae. It had every type of cookie on it, plus ice cream, and lots of fresh whipped cream. It was delightful. And definitely meant to be shared. This ended the meal on a nice note.The service was excellent. The restaurant was clean. The entire staff was awesome. No complaints here on that end. I had such high hopes for this place! I really did, but it's a more expensive, less tasty version of the Cheesecake Factory.  As for people saying this place is fancy, give me a break. There were all walks of life here. The girls and guys going to the club, the grandmas, the Europeans with their fanny packs, and every other class and creed.Stop in and get dessert and then bounce. There is a candy shop, a bar, and a chocolate lounge in this same space as well.Sorry Sugar Factory, you just aren't that sweet.
4	you know... I admit that when I first saw these I thought,"$25 for a lollipop stick that's blinged out?!  Ehh..."  but the more I visited vegas and passed by the sugar factory in the Miracle Mile, I started to become intrigued, and I've always had a thing for lollipops (and I don't eat a lot of sweets).  I don't know if it was the sparkly girlyness of these sticks or the fact that you can refill the sticks with different flavors, or if it was because Alvin N. surprised me with one on one of his last trips, but I have a cute little Hello Kitty bling lollipop stick!! =DMy favorite flavors so far are watermelon and orange!  Their shakes and pastries are pretty yummy too but I go for my lollies! =D
3	Stayed at the Paris on my recent trip to Vegas and the Sugar Factory is in the hotel facing the Strip. This place plays the best freakin music - it made we so happy every time I walked by.Had lunch here one day with a big group. Good food. Slow service.If you are fan of gelato, the sidewalk express SF offers it for $8 but Cafe Belle Madeleine in the Paris has the same gelati for $3.
4	Great brunch place on the strip!  Outside seating if you prefer and such a great ambiance to people watch.  Also a very delectable store filled with goodies while you wait. Tried the:Steak sandwich - tasty sandwich with nice crusty baguette filled with tender steak, cheese, red pepper spread, served with delicious fries.Spinach and Artichoke dip - cheesiest dip I've ever eaten.  Looks almost like a french onion soup coming to the table.  Really nice and chunky though and comes with big "crostini" that is really baked pita bread.Monte Cristo - french toast style sandwich served with a very sweet tomato relish - all sweet and nothing to mellow it out - not a winner in my book.They have huge goblet size drinks for people to share the looked really good for $36 - a group of four was sharing one near us.  Also some really creative cocktails all inspired by different candy.  Loved the theme!
4	Cute place to pick up sweets. Not sure if I'm sold on the hyped up lollipops. IT'S JUST A LOLLIPOP!!! It's right outside of Paris Hotel, offers great selection of candy (and novelties), and has a little cafe attached as well.
4	Very fun! While waiting for your table, go check out the candy store in the front. A  zillion candies I hadn't seen since I was a child, plus a ton of great  new candies! There is also gelato and baked goods, like some giant cupcakes and beautiful merengues.I mentioned waiting for your table, because it is a very popular restaurant, so there is pretty much always a wait.We had breakfast. I got the Belgian Waffles with Milk Chocolate sauce. The waffles were perfectly cooked, nice and crispy. A lot of times I don't like Belgian waffles because they are so thick that they get soggy very quickly. However, these were more American style, so they were thinner and nicely crispy. The chocolate sauce was a bit lighter than I was expecting. More like something they made with powdered sugar than a creamy sauce. It was full of chocolate flavor, but it dried up on my plate rather quickly. I also got a side order of bacon. It is very thick-sliced applewood smoked bacon, so if you like your bacon crispy, be sure to order it that way. I ordered mine crispy, and it was perfect, but hubby forgot to specify, and his was not cooked enough for his taste.Hubby got bacon and eggs, what can you say about over-easy eggs? He ate it all...Our friend got the Sugar Factory version of Eggs Benedict. They make it with a layer of scalloped potatoes on the bottom instead of an English Muffin. It had some asparagus on the top as garnish. The hollandaise sauce looked fluffy and rich. It looked delicious, and she said it was.All in all a very pleasant experience.
4	Having been to the Sugar Factory on the weekend of Halloween, I feel as thought they pulled out all the stops which is why I really enjoyed it. For starters all of the girls in the candy store and all of the waitresses had temporary lip tattoos - I especially liked the rainbow ones because they looked like Rainbow Brite. The even cooler part was they were selling them in the store! We had lunch here, and the food was OK. It wasn't amazing, but wasn't terrible and for Vegas it was reasonably priced. What was NOT reasonably priced were their monster drinks. $36 for 36 oz- what they don't tell you is that 30 oz of that appears to be ICE. I watched a guy drink the entire thing and did not look even remotely buzzed from it. What I will give them credit for is that the cocktails they offer in the 36oz drinks seem to be irresistible. The candy shop put me into a sugar coma almost immediately. I couldn't even buy anything I was so overwhelmed by my options.
5	What a great place to dine after a night of clubbing and gambling. This place is open 24/7. Not your regular 24/hr eatery. The food quality and service is amazing. The people are so nice and helpful. Got this interesting bowl with a green kinda drink with lollipops in it and it was super yummy, I'm sorry I forgot what it was called..but beware! this thing creeps up on you later. Bbq chicken pizza was good, and so was my grilled chicken sandwhich =) The ambience of this restaurant was very romatic-like and very pretty. I left this place SOOOO full but it kept me going on my no sleep game in Vegas!
3	Nice place to go to celebrate an occasion.  This place can accommodate big groups of people.  The place is loud and not so romantic, so not ideal for a date.  Food is decent.  I expected more for the prices they charge.
5	I have only 4 words for the Sugar Factory... MAKE A WISH MILKSHAKE!  While the make a wish is my favorite... I've tried many things on the menu and have enjoyed them all.  I love the vibe of both the restaurant and the shop and I definitely recommend making the Sugar factory a priority stop during a Vegas trip!
1	Came here for the first time yesterday after buying tons of stuff from their Mirage store (which by the way is much smaller but way more awesome because of their customer service). I really enjoyed the store, fun atmosphere, cute clothes and love the hello kitty couture lollipops! But customer service could have been better. Particularly one of the male cashiers. The girls in the store were very nice and helpful but this guy really ruined the whole experience. I had bought a shirt one size too small for a gift from the Mirage store and wanted to exchange it for a bigger size but because this store had so much more selection I ended up picking out 3 more shirts, a bag, and more candy as christmas presents. There was one girl ringing on a register and one guy. While the girl was helping a customer i stood in line waiting for 5 minutes while the male cashier stared at the register, not doing a thing. It wasn't until a security guard-looking guy told him I was waiting and asked me to go to his register that the cashier finally looked up. He didn't say hello and acted as if i had inconvenienced him by coming to his line. The guy also didn't know how to do an exchange so he asked one of the girls for help. Which I guess he was also not happy about because his attitude just got worst. He also didn't know how to listen because he told the girl that I was exchanging my shirt for only 2 candies. He totally disregarded all of my other items. Then when I tried to explain to the girl what I really wanted to do, he kept confusing her and this time she almost returned all the items I wanted to buy. It took a really long time for them fix everything but Finally when I thought we had everything fixed and I paid, I looked at my receipt to double check and I had been charged for an extra shirt. The girl was very apologetic but the guy kept looking at the receipt as if I was wrong and acted as if it was my fault.I'm very understanding towards cashiers because I worked in retail too and I know how hectic and stressful it can be to work in a busy store full of customers with tons of merchandise during the Christmas season...however when I was waiting in line I was the only person waiting. I clearly separated my return with original receipt from what i wanted to purchase and I told him what I wanted to do. This guy had a bad attitude, was rude, and didn't know how to do his job or how to listen, none of which was my fault. I spent nearly $300 at their Mirage and Paris store between wednesday and thursday and this is how they treat their customers. I would have given this place 5 stars for their merchandise, atmosphere, and other sales reps but this guy ruined it! I won't be back to this store. I'd rather go to the Mirage, see Brandon he's very helpful, nice, and knowledgeable.
3	My husband and I enjoyed the ambiance at the SUGAR FACTORY AMERICAN BRASSERIE. However, the food was over priced and did not live up to the hype. We ordered the Fried Macaroni and Cheese Pops...Ehh! Hubby ordered the Grilled Black Angus Fillet. It was alright. Fries in garlic herb butter was delicious. My Pan Roasted Pacific Salmon was just OK.  The only thing that saved this visit was the BOMB Banana Hot Chocolate!! It was $9 but well worth it!! We would not go back for the food but strictly for the Banana Hot Chocolate!!
5	Holy yumminess in a cup!We walked up to the outside little stand/window outside of the Paris. Enjoyed a super SUPER good very berry shake and an ice cream cone.The shake was unbelievable. I can see why people flock here. If you are in Vegas, at least grab some dessert here. You won't be sad.
3	So sweet & sparkly!!! I was in bling heaven with their sparkly lollipops, I wanted them all...but not for $25 a pop =/ I figured licking lollipops should not break my piggy bank, specially since the bling stick only works with their specific lollipops and those aren't cheap either. Cute as a novelty item but I don't picture myself really using it in a functional manner. The place is candy heaven and very adorable with all their ducky items. Great gift ideas for the candy lover. I'm glad I got to check it out once because I was curious, now I can move on with my life.
5	I checked out Sugar Factory when I stayed at Paris and I was blown away. The candy store is so beautiful and tempting! Even if you don't have a sweet tooth you should check it out. You can find ice cream, pastries, gelato, candy, and surprisingly cute apparel here. I stop by every time I'm in Las Vegas. *There seems to be some confusion about this location. This is the Sugar Factory  in the Paris hotel. The address for Miracle Mile shops is 3663 Las Vegas Blvd. South.
5	We tried the Chocolate Bar while waiting to get into Chateau and they have the best chocolate martinis. We had a peanut butter martini, a chocolate mint martini and a double chocolate martini. They were all delicious (everyone sampled each others). Plus you can pick up some gourmet chocolates that are just as good as their martinis.
2	After seeing all the pictures, I really wanted to come to Sugar Factory and I wanted to enjoy it....but I didn't. Coming in for breakfast, I ordered the Eggs Benedict and the Hollandaise sauce was just too overwhelming. It had too much of a buttery cheesy taste that by the time I finished my food (I don't like to waste...and I'm a fatty) I began to feel a little bit sick. They also drench the plate in the sauce instead of an appropriate amount so it is hard to try and take bites with minimal sauce.The eggs were cooked well although I find it difficult to really screw up eggs. My gf ordered the classic crepe with berries. This was very underwhelming for me. Having gone to Cafe Crepe, the one here was just not up to snuff. Wish I had a few more berries and a little more love put into making it for the price I pay. Though I will say that the menu has MANY items on it and I'm sure if I had ordered maybe the fondue or a dinner item I would have enjoyed it more. Just as a breakfast place I would pass.
4	Everyone was really friendly and helpful.  However, lose the obvious security-looking guys in the black suits with the slicked back hair.  It's a candy store for heaven's sake, not Tiffany's!We saw the gelato bar with a whole array of different flavors and had to try some.  Ordered strawberry, pistacchio, red velvet and cookies 'n cream and for the majority, they were all quite good.  I was expecting more from the Red Velvet, but it didn't really wow me.  However, the pistacchio tasted perfectly spot on!  It was like eating a handful (of bowlfull) of pistacchios freshly popped out of their shells.Expect a dent in your wallet or purse 'cause it ain't cheap in here.  Forget about Sweet Factory prices when you've got pictures of Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian sucking on their $25 sparkling lollipops.
3	Came here for our annual Xmas party and the decor was beautiful!  The chocolate lounge smelled just like chocolates, the dinning area was lit up with white Xmas lights and the view faced the Bellagio's Dancing water.  Connected next door was the candy store.  Although I didn't get to walk around to check it out, from where we were, it looked like so much fun.  I saw a lot of people holding gigantic fishbowl cocktails with candy and smoke coming out and it got me excited!I forgot what I had for dinner but it was soo  good, it was like fettuccini Alfredo with bacon and peas.  I added chicken and French bread.  It didn't look too fancy but when I dug in, I couldn't stop.  I had a Peace, love and harmony cocktail. All natural fruits, and roses.  It was ok.  I really wanted a 32oz cocktail that had candy and smoke but no one wanted to share with me :( I was stuffed at the end.  I may go back but I don't like going to the strip only when people from out town are in.A bit pricey.Service was ok, not spectacular especially the entrance from the casino.No one was manning their station so we walked around not knowing where to go when finally a guy obviously off his shift told us to go around the corner.  We go around the corner and a bunch of servers were at some kind of ordering station just passed us without acknowledging us as we looked puzzled.  For a couple times we tried asking them but not one looked at us to help. Not even the bartender that was helping just 2 people offered to direct us somewhere.   Until finally After about 10 min. We were helped.The seats closest to the view are not available for Reservation which is cool, but then again I guess you'll be lucky to sit there on a date of its not too busy.
4	This place lives up to its name, so diabetics beware! The goblets are HUGE and expensive to the extreme, but it's a place for tourists so typically expected...Goblets are mixed drinks in a glass that's as big as a fish bowl and they dip the big rainbow lollipops in there. At least four people can share! If you're not a drinker, I wouldn't suggest getting it. I'm not a drinker (super duper lightweight) so I feel bad cos my cousin and I couldn't finish it... we also shared a banana split, which would've been very satisfying for my sweet tooth had I not been full from dinner (elsewhere). It comes with a big scoop of the three classic flavors, decked with an equally large scoop of whipped cream in between; also decked w. malt balls and cherry/strawberry syrup. Even the bananas were sweet and a little crisp. My other cousin ordered a warm chocolate lava cake which I wasn't too fond of, but maybe because its flavor paled in comparison to my dessert. It was also a rather small portion, like the size of desserts in fancy french restaurants. The banana splIt was a bit too sweet for my liking then, but I'm drooling just thinking about it now, and I'd come back to try other items on the menu!
4	great location right off the strip sidewalk. view is great service was great. had the steak sandwich which was really good
3	It's 3:00 AM and I have lost my friends.Well, not literally. They were seated right beside me at the Sugar Factory table we found ourselves at in the early hours of January 1.Mere hours before we were celebrating a Vegas New Years Eve, the looming threat of the Apocalypse and an open bar fueling our intemperate behavior. Along the way we lost our inhibitions, common sense, and ability to string together coherent sentences and in a desperate attempt to catch a cab on a night that The Strip was closed [YES, THE ROAD WAS SHUT DOWN], we found ourselves killing time and ordering food to assuage in what was sure to be an epic hangover the next morning.So yes, in a sense my friends we lost. Hell, to put it lightly we were all G-O-N-E. In fact, as the night progressed and we left Sugar Factory, bellies full of late-night faire, I found myself alone [this time, I really was] half-asleep at a penny slot. But that's a different story. Perhaps I should get on with my Sugar Factory review?Actually, the food was decent. For someone with alcohol-numbed tastebuds and an inability of cognitively processing "taste" my hamburger was pretty damn good. My only complaint was the lack of service, though that's SORT OF understandable given the circumstances**.Sugar Factory, you have not lost a customer (yet). I promise a sober return if I make it to Vegas before the World ends!**Table full of drunk girls surrounded by tables full of other drunk people on New Years Eve. (As if this needed an explanation.)
4	If you order a sundae, you will get enough food for three people.Anyway, this place offers amazing food in large portions, and it's biggest advantage is that it's open 24/7. For whatever reason, most restaurants in this city close by 11PM, sometimes a little bit later. Because of this, I would always find myself without a place to eat and wandering around. Needless to say, I ended up here numerous times between 11PM and 5AM when nothing else was open. I want to emphasize again, the food portion sizes are HUGE, so don't get sticker shock when you look at the menu.
3	Cute decor and sweets from hard candies to baked goods, but way overpriced. Beware of the sales people, because I felt that they hound down on you just in case you're smuggling out candy.
5	One of my favorite places to eat on The Strip.  Great food and decent service.  A nice treat.  Always too full to get a Sundae.  Going to come one time just for dessert.  Red Velvet Sundae is so good but enough for 3 (hungry) people.Then stop at the Candy store and get treats for your friends.  They will love you for it.
4	Came into here because out the wait time at the other Restaurant had over a hour wait time. We were able to sit immediately even though we were wedged in between two larger parties. Its very loud inside. So many fun choices for martinis and dessert. I had a blow pop martini and it was rimmed with poprocks and had a actual blow pop inside. It was yummy for about the first 5 sips then was just too sweet. ( I still drank it) I had a vegetarian burger which was Delicious!! My husband had salmon. His meal wasn't as good as mine. Then we had the "cookie Jar" as dessert which was totally over priced for basically 3 scoops of ice cream. I would go again!
3	Ohhh sweets and bright colors are my weaknesses. Two pound Reese's peanut butter cup? Yes please! Walking by the Sugar Factory on the strip was too enticing to pass up. This one, located outside Paris, is a fairly larger candy store then the other two locations (at the Mirage and the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops). True, most everything in here is really overpriced. But there are some cool things to look at. Two pound Reese's peanut butter cup? So tempted to buy. They have some cool novelty items, like couture pops, charm bracelets, hello kitty chocolate bars. I also found some key lime chocolate bars that looked interesting. Sugar factory has their own line of chocolate bars (2 for $5). I ended up picking up a 30 day supply of chocolate squares ($18). The squares are the size you'd see at Ghirardelli, and they come in a variety of flavors (milk, dark, raspberry, smores, caramel). Oh and did I mention cool packaging? It was a gift for my bf, but I'm eating a lot of it. Sharing is caring! =)The chocolates are really good actually. The quality is up and there and the taste is really smooth without being too sweet. Oh and the candy store has a gelato/ice cream shake bar. My friend wanted a scoop of gelato. One scoop is $6. Eeek. And the scoop was tiny! We tried the panna cotta. It was way too sweet! I don't think this place is worth it for a frozen treat fix. I'll pass next time. While I was at the store, I also noticed that it was attached to a dessert boutique. Didn't get to try it, but definitely want to next time. The dessert boutique and the candy store is open 24 hours!
2	As a HUGE lover of candy stores, I had been looking forward to coming here for awhile.I was let down :(*The candy selection isn't very large.*Lollipops are $25 (um.. what, you slap the word "couture" on something and expect to be able to charge $20 more than what it's worth? I don't think so).*I thought they'd have a variety of different candies that are hard to find, interesting, etc. But no, the only thing that peaked the interest of my tastebuds at all were the chocolate covered gummy bears. And even those weren't that tasty.*Most of the candy I got ended up being stale, gross, and it was ultimately overpriced.
3	Nom sugar! I had some of the frozen hot chocolate and that definitely warmed me up and it was yum delish~ This place is pretty cute and my sweet tooth is overloaded when I come here. However, my wallet writes a suicide note as well.
3	Went with my bf after we went to Pampas, we didn't want to get dessert there because it f'ing sucked! So we walked over. This place is in the front of Paris. It's so cute in there! We sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly. Their drinks looked amazing!!!!! I didn't have one because we just wanted ice cream. We had the red velvet sundae, it was huge! It cost $14 and it could easily feed 5+ more people. My bf and I couldn't eat more than half. Dessert looked really pretty but it wasn't amazing. You pay for the location and atmosphere. But I'd rather pay for good food than location. I would come back with out of town guests though. Otherwise, I'd stick with baskin robins.
4	A couple of my girlfriends and I strolled in for breakfast and we were pretty impressed. The food isn't AMAZING, but it is very good. And there is a plethora of selections which is fantastic because it is so hard to decide. The dessert and drink menu is awesome. It was so hard to decide! And if you like hot chocolate you should try one of their many different kinds. I tried the coconut hot chocolate and it was amazing. I will definitely be returning. I admit, it's pricey, but it's not crazy expensive.They also have a great selection of alcoholic drinks. They have these huge glasses with unique mixed drinks that looked great, but we ate too much so didn't have room for one. I saw people ordering sundaes and they were huge! Don't order one for yourself is all I would suggest. It's definitely worth trying. We ended up returning for dessert the next day. You will not be disappointed.
4	The location, decor and vibe would receive 5 stars, food 3 stars so 4 stars seems about right.Located inside Paris with views of Bellagio fountains, the location is top notch. Decorated in black, red & white it is glamorous and super cool. Staff were really friendly and made our party of six very welcome. There is a candy store unlike anything you would ever see! Cup cakes, lollipops and all types of candy. There is a lollipop you can buy for $1,000,000! Yes, a million dollars! Gulp.The menu is interesting, normal burgers, a couple of steaks, pastas plus some wacky stuff for the diner with a sweet tooth. Waffle dishes, Chocolate Pizza and much more.I took NY Strip, cooked medium with mushroom sauce & mash. Good but not enormous. Wifee had turkey burger, kids had pizzas, chicken strips and normal kid fare. One Guiness, one Chardonnay and our bill was just over $160 before tip. You're paying for great service & cool vibe. This is a perfect venue for a teenage birthday party as we witnessed several on the Friday evening we were there. This is not fine dining but fun dining, a food snob would criticize the menu but it's fun. A great place to treat your kids/teens. Cool.
5	This was a really cool place. The decor was nice, the service was great and the food was good. I went for my birthday with my husband and we shared a smoking drink (yes the drink was actually smoking). They had other drinks with candy and fireworks all kids of things. It is a great place to end the birthday weekend for deserts. I ordered the Patty Melt, which was delicious even though it was on rye. My husband ordered the steak grilled sandwich medium rare, he loved it enough to eat the whole thing. The candy store is a great addition to the restaurant and a fun place to go after dining.
5	i paid $25 for a blinged out hello kitty lollipop for my daughter. Do I feel bad? NOPE. Sh*t is so fancy!! LOL. My daughter loved the sparkle and waves it around like a wand... so cool that they have a cap for the lollipop in case you don't want to finish it. Yes, it's expensive but how often do you see candy shops like these? fancy cupcakes, gelato, and sweet grubs make me one happy ready and willing cavity host. Staff is really friendly and the vibe is very cool.
2	Was so disapointed in this place. I chose Sugar over Serendipity due to Yelp reviews and I gotta say this is the first time I was unhappy. The waiter was very slow and practically fell over himself for the people around us(perhaps they appeared like they might tip better?). I dislike being ignored and having to flag anyone down for service. I am not at all high maintenence and was upset by having to get pushy. The desserts we got were ok but did not blow me away. Frankly I had better in some of the cafes in Paris. So the best part is you can sit and watch the fountains of the Bellagio. For the hassle its not worth it, overpriced for what it is.
5	Had the Grape Crush and the Swedish Fish and both were delicious.
2	The restaurant looked really nice and the place seemed really cool. As soon as we were ready to order our food, no waiter was available. We waited at least 10 minutes for someone to take a order. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate and the classic crepe with fresh berries and whipped creme. I was hoping the frozen hot chocolate would be really sweet and tasty.... NOPE. It was bitter and water-y and not close to sweet and the crepe, SO BLAND. You would think the whipped creme would be sweet but instead it was tasteless and thick. I think the only flavorful thing on the crepe was the berries. I was so disappointed.
4	You the one that I dream about all dayYou the one that I think about alwaysYou Are The One So I Make Sure I Behave!My love is your love, your love is my love...at SUGAR FACTORY! - Megan Nicole (you da one cover)If you've been to vegas in the past few years, there's no way you haven't walked by this place. Half of it is a candy store and the other half is an intimate restaurant/bar. I saw the waffle ad on the back of the magazine from the hotel room and i knew i wanted it, but to eat a waffle its either gotta be in the afternoon or early in the morning. Since they are open 24 hrs, i walked by at 3 am and was so delighted when i finally got my waffles. On one end was ice cream and on the other whipped cream and strawberries and bananas and some other things i cant remember. The waffles themselves were ok but mixed with everything else and the time of day and it was heavenly. Food: 4 stars --- Service: 4 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
4	Okay so I've been meaning to go here since FOREVER & when i got there, it definitely did not disappoint. its such a fun little store! so much candy & cute things everywhere! Last time I was in Vegas, the Situation was there so the lines were CRAZY! but this time, it was empty. the people who work there aren't as friendly as i thought they'd be though. i got a cute initial key chain & some sour candies. a bit expensive, but i'll be back (:
3	The selections are endless. With so many choices it is hard to go wrong here. May favorite is the mango gelato. It  is very good.
4	Yummy!  Very good but Expensive sweets!  Come here for a late night sugar high or yummy sweet drinks
4	The employees here are SO unbelievably helpful. There are always so many of them and they're always there when you have a question (which is actually a lot because they don't put price tags on a lot of the stuff they sell). I don't think prices are on anything except the clothes. They have some really amazing sweets, like cupcakes, gelato, and candy apples. Then there's the cute apparel, lollipops, and little things like toys and novelty items. This is a fun store to check out, and there's a bar/restaurant right next door where they have really cool candy-inspired drinks (example: Swedish fish martini).
4	Great alternative for brunch/lunch when you don't want to wait in line for the buffets. We came here around noon, just before the lunch rush, and didn't have to wait for a table. I looooove the atmosphere -- the best way to describe it is Willy Wonka meets LA brunch cafe.I ordered the Factory Burger with mashed potatoes and it was absolutely divine. The burger was huge, and for a pretty basic burger (lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, crispy onion strings, house sauce) it was surprisingly just as good as the burgers I've had at places like Father's Office and Golden State in LA. The mashed potatoes were also a great substitute for the fries -- a little dry, but chunky and buttery, just the way I like them. One of my friends ordered the Cinnamon Toast Crunch martini and I had a sip... it was interesting, is the best way to describe it. Kind of tasted like cereal milk with a very strong alcoholic undercurrent. I think I liked it. We split a red velvet cupcake that they brought out for my friend's birthday afterwards, and it was delish. Moist, dense, and rich, with legit cream cheese frosting and crunchy white chocolate malt balls... yum!I couldn't have asked for a better meal after partying until 5 am the night before. Best of all our Harrah's membership cards gave us 20% off, so we barely paid anything for our meals :)
2	Expectations - Trendy, overpriced, excellent desserts, good service.Reality - Trendy, overpriced, good deserts, mediocre service.Trendy - We saw the guy from Say Yes to the Dress and everyone in the place was dressed for painting the town slutty.  Several bachelorette parties made the place way too noisy.Overpriced - Two deserts for thirty dollars, small (really small) martini's for $16.00.  Cheapest wine by the glass $9.00.  Desserts - We expected to love the lemon raspberry dessert pizza and the cookie dough ice cream sunday.  We didn't love them.  The ice cream was great, the excess whipped cream was overkill.  The sauces skimpy.  The Pizza was interesting but could have had more flavors.  Portions were huge and two desserts for three people was too much.We made reservations through opentable for 8:45.  We got there at 7:30 and were rudely told they could not get us in earlier even though it appeared they were seating walkins within 45 minutes.  We went to Bellagio for a while for the water show and conservatory and arrived back at 8:30.  At 8:45 we were told it would be a few minutes.  After they sat "Say Yes to the Dress" star Randy Fenoli without a reservation and noting there was  a "reserved table" of 8 empty for over an hour, we started to get antsy.  Seriously, don't take reservations if you cannot meet them by at least 15 minutes.At 9:00 we were told they were resetting our table and it would be a minute or two.  At 9:15 we asked again and this time they took us as if they were awaiting our inquiry rather than letting us know they had a table.  The lobby was LOUD with pounding top 40 dance songs blaring.  There was a small 2 person couch and two tree stump chairs to sit on in the lobby.  Once seated, our waitress said hello but after we asked for a minute to review the menu, we didn't see her for at least 10 minutes.  We ordered and then another 15 minutes for them to make our food.  In the meantime, we received the world's smallest glass of tap water in the world.  Seriously.  No one refilled our water until after our food was served and then only when we were almost finished.The food our neighboring tables were getting looked ok but the Burgers looked undercooked and I saw at least two people send back their food.In short, if you like trendy places to be seen and see stars and large desserts, Sugar Factory is the place to be.  However if you prefer service, value and timeliness, avoid this place.
4	$25 Bling Lollis!Chocolate covered Gummy bears!Giant Gummy Bears!Icecream! It's a cavity on a store!We loved walking around and checking out all the outrageous Candy!!Check it out!
5	Driving down the strip, a cute restaurant caught my eye...The Sugar Factory.  I made a mental note and knew that we had to try it before we left Vegas.  The chance came after dinner when the family wanted some dessert. Located in the Paris hotel, it is a cute restaurant/candy shop/bar.  While we waited to get seated, I was a little thrown off by the screen near the sign that displayed pictures of celebrities who have eaten at the Sugar Factory...it kinda reminded me of MIllion Dollar Milkshakes, especially since some of the pictures featured the Kardashians.  Thus, I started to question how good the food and whether the place would be pretentious.  Despite the fact that it was dinner time on a Friday, around 6:30P, we were seated right away.  We sat in the Chocolate lounge bar area in the back since it was more quieter.  I immediately liked the decor, very modern and sexy!  Our waitress was super friendly, so any reservations I had about the place were quickly squashed.  The dessert menu had many great choices. I ordered the triple blackout chocolate sundae. which is three scoops of chocolate ice cream, brownie chunks, and hot fudge topping.  Their drink selection was really good too.  They have these huge elixirs for $36 that look pretty and are meant to be shared.  The mister decided to keep it light and ordered the s'more martini.  While we waited for our orders, we checked out the candy shop next door.  It was a really cool candy shop.  Maybe it is very girly, but I loved it.  I saw the blinged out lollipops and was going to buy one as a souvenir for my baby, but the price tag was $25.  OUCH!  A bit pricey for me.  The staff was very friendly .  The also have a gelato bar as well as a pastry counter, so if you don't want to sit in the restaurant, you can grab something sweet in the shop.  After about 15 minutes checking out the shop, we headed back to our seats.  We were surprised to find our food on the table.  What good service!  I was shocked to find how huge my sundae was.  It was so pretty too...dare I say, Sexy!  The presentation of the sundae was very inviting.  I took one bite of my sundae and I was in heaven!  The ice cream was chocolately, but not too sweet.  I found out from the waitress that they make their own ice cream.  (Ahem...Farrell's you take a few pointers).  I believe my sundae was $15, but it was so yummy, and the place was so cool, that the price didn't bother me.  I like it better than Serendipity because of the atmosphere and it is open 24 hours!  Can't beat that!  The mister liked his martini and I thought it was very tasty too.  I wished they had a place like this back in LA.  I would definitely come back!
3	I passed through and wasn't really impressed.  I was expected a bakery style dessert shop but saw that they mostly sold branded products and candy you can buy at any candy shop back home.  If you really want a bling lollipop u can come here to get it, otherwise nothing special.
5	visited for valentines day and really loved it. it is located inside the paris casino but can be reached from strip as well. i have wanted to go there for awhile so my expectations were high and happily met. the hostesses were sweet and are server was good. the food was great i had the chicken, sundried tomato  greek pasta.. Yummy! our coctails were the rootbeer float coacktail and sweedish fish coctail both super yummy!! i cant wait to go back! and at the end of our meal the manager came over to ensure all was well and as a valentines gift took us over to ther neighboring night club Chateau and gave us free entrance ( very sweet) . i also visited there awesome candy store and i'm in love with there designer lollipop handles and refills so vegas bling! awesome!! a must visit there menu is huge and food and drinks great. i'll be back for sure!
3	do you have a sweet tooth? do you crave for anything and everything with a touch of sweetness? do you have a curiosity for what all the hype is about? well, this is where the celebrities go. this is a place you'll see like almost every corner in vegas. the sugar factory is your place if you're wanting to get a sugar high. i was walking around vegas and there were so many sugar factory locations at like every corner. i had to see what this place was all about. but of course i had to go to the biggest location possible. this was definitely it. its kind of like the sweet factory, with ice cream, food, clothes, and little gadgets [i.e. a photo tree thing]. everything was well stocked. i couldn't decide what the heck to get. why.. because it was so stuffy. i couldn't breathe! there was like a gang of people in that place. it was hard to push myself around. i was torn between gelato, cupcakes, or cake pops. so i went with my default selection a red velvet cake pop [$2.00]. why... because it was lesser calories and i have a soft spot for cake pops not to mention red velvet. the cake pop seemed a little dry. but overall it was ok. i've had better cake pops in my day.i'm giving this sugar factory a 3 because it was totally unbreathable in the store. i couldn't figure out where the line was since it was a total mad house inside.  i would come back to try the gelato. would i crave for it no. is it a must go that would also be a no. but i say what the heck go .. seek.. explore.. maybe you'll find something you crave for. heck maybe you'll find a celebrity inside! go be a kid!
3	Not sure if this is the one i went to by it's right by the PARIS hotel.It's really pretty and clean inside.  Deep red roses, black letterings and chandeliers. SO, upon entering, we asked for outdoor seating and they had 3 ditsy hostesses that looked like they understood the words that came out of our mouths but obviously didn't.  I went to the bar since there was a 20-30 minute wait and ordered a glass of moscato.  My friend had the bloody mary and it was SO GOOD!  The bartenders seemed to be enjoying the afternoon and was happy to make our drinks.Finally the hostess comes over to get us and starts leading us into the table, not outside so i stop her dead in her tracks.  I told her we asked for outdoor seating, and she looks confused and goes to talk to one of her partners and they "forgot" we asked for that.  omg, i could've slapped her.  I was so annoyed, i coudln't even talk to her anymore so i just ignored her and had my friend talk to her.She said it would be an additional 20 minutes to sit outside so i just bit my tongue and just agreed to sit inside.  (like really? you messed up and now you want to put us on the bottom of the wait list?)  bad bad bad service right there.ANYWAYS, our server was very helpful and really tried finding us a great place to dine at for the evening since we didn't have reservations anywhere and we wanted to eat Italian.  She even got the GM involved but we ended up somewhere else since the places they suggested just seemed eh (according to the review on yelp).I ordered the ahi tuna salad and the french onion soup.  Soup was good, and the salad was decent except it came w/ anchovies.  I wasn't expecting that, AT ALL.My friend ordered the chocolate chip pancakes and sausage on the side.  They were pretty good minus the fact that there were no chips, it was just chocolate drizzled all over the pancakes.  The sausage was really good and not super smokey like most breakfast sausage.Overall, it was an ok experience but the hostess REALLY pissed me off!
3	It was good food and a decent environment. I gave the place 3 stars because the food was good, but not amazing. I will say although we only had food (no dessert) when we went to the restaurant, we had desserts at the dessert only location the next day. The desserts were outstanding. As for the restaurant, dark lighting, somewhat of a high end bar feel. Help was good. I had a burger and girlfriend had a turkey sandwich. Both were decent. We didn't feel so hot when it was all done, but I think it was just due to the high volume of food. Prices are okay (11-15 bucks a plate). I'm in no rush to eat at the restaurant again, but wouldn't be opposed to eating there again. The dessert location is directly across from Earl of Sandwich inside Planet Hollywood, and I will definitely be attending that location again.
1	Horrible place! Went there around 6 am for breakfast, and received the worst service ever! This place must try to take advantage of early morning patrons thinking that they are drunk and won't notice. Example: we were overcharged twice, and when pointing this out, the waitress said she was tired, and apologized. Also, we were shorted over $3 on our change (again thinking we wouldn't notice). Stay far away from this scam of a place!!!
4	The ice cream is pretty good.
1	My husband was gambling away at the casino in Paris and I was in the mood for something sweet to spend my winnings on so I walked right over to the Sugar Factory and looked at the Menu I stood there for about 5 mins while the girl just gave me a blank look so I nicely said could I get a table and she said oh you needed a table .... I just replied YES !  So I was seated and looked around it was a nice place and I continued to look around as I was being passed by and not even acknowledged then a nice young man comes by and says miss have you been helped and I said no and just as I was about to give him my order he says I'll be right back hon, and that was the last of him for about 15mins when he came back and said are u ready by this time I had enough and said can I place my order PLEASE ! So I ordered my sundae which was brought out pretty quickly and it was good not great just good . I'm not sure if my experience had anything to do with how I felt about the food but I would not return to this place EVER ! I have never been made to feel like I business was less then important. So for me never again next time I'll keep my winnings and go somewhere else.
3	Portions are huge! Split the banana split sundae with my bestie and even after 4 chicks picked at it, we still couldn't chop it down all together. It's a cute place to satisfy sweet tooth cravings
3	Great place to continue your buzz with a moscato.  The bruschetta wasn't special, neither were the ahi tuna sliders.  I applaud the warm welcomes and customer service, though.
3	Desserts were yummy & decently priced. It is worth checking out just so you know what all the hype is about. But beware the candy by the pound, it is way over priced... And $20 bling lollipops... Seriously? We had a meal here once, it was ok, but definitely not worth coming back for especially for the price. This is more a one time thing, just so you can say I've been there, done that.
2	Went this restaurant last weekend for a late breakfast. Had SUPER Sweet with TONS of whipped cream triple chocolate cappuccino, tasted just okay Egg white omelet, and weird sour flavor smoked salmon Benedict. The place is fancy, however, the food is not okay and the price is a little bit too high. Maybe I should just order liquor or dessert over there next time.
3	Salted caramel ice cream was good. Very Carmel-y. :)Candy selection is like a high end sweet factory. So basically over priced. They also have desserts but I only had the ice cream. The girls at the ice cream counter are super friendly.
5	We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party and had 6 girls come in for brunch. We walked in on a Saturday morning around 11am and the wait was only 20 mins. We walked around the store and did some shopping there while waiting. They have really fun and sparkling things that you feel you "must have". We picked up a couple of candy necklace thongs haha! We were sat within the time quoted us and the service was friendly from the hosts. Our server, Sophie, was extremely friendly and cute, made great suggestions, and was quick as well as on top of everything. The bloody marys were awesome and huge. All the other drinks we saw go by were the size of fish bowls and very creative in color and some were bubbling and had cool accessories. When I ordered I ordered the eggs benedict. Eggs benedict is always my item of choice when it's on the menu. I even make it at home. I was so so bummed when I got mine and the yoke was cooked, not runny at all, and then the potatoes (they put thinly sliced potato cakes under the egg instead of english muffin) were hard. The ham was great, asparagus perfectly cooked, and the sauce was perfect. I picked out my yoke and moved out the potatoes and tried picking at everything else. I lost my appetite and decided I just wasn't that hungry. The girls in my group noticed and when the server checked on us they mentioned it to her. I said I just wanted to send it back but she really encouraged me to get another dish. I went for the chicken and waffles since another person in our group had that and it looked good. I'm sooooo glad I did! It was amazing! The manager even came by to apologize and offered me a complimentary drink. He brought me a mimosa and checked back after I received my chicken and waffles. The server was so attentive and sweet. I felt like we had a great experience and we'd definitely go back. However, next time I want to try lunch! We walked by a ton of amazing looking items on our way out that I'd want to try. Thanks Sophie and Jeff (the manager) for making it a great experience!
5	Trendy, funky places like these are what Vegas is all about! Before even tasting anything or looking at a price, you enjoy the ambiance. The place is really cute, and full of so many goodies, you won't know where to look first. If you check your logical self at the door, and just bring your carefree, fun self, you are in for a great time. first, the CANDY...bin after bin after bin of the yummy stuff. The kind of thing dentists' dreams are made of! You'll likely spot a few of your old favorites, as well as something new. For me, the prize was Klodhoppers, which I had never seen before. Basically, graham cracker pieces covered in chocolate, and kinda clumped together (ok, my description of this is totally sucking!) Sounds like no big deal, but very addicting! Next, merchandising...clothes, bling lollipops, lots of colorful novelties, you get the idea; nothing you need, just stuff you want. Prices? Don't ask; like I said before, check your logic at the door! Look, you can spend it here or lose it at the tables, OK? The restaurant: my choice wasn't the greatest; a crepe with turkey and cheese. Nothing memorable at all, and very bland. I'm sure this menu has it's winning items, I just didn't pick it. Maybe next time. And speaking of next time, the one thing I can't wait to come back for: the chocolate lounge, or a more appropriate name for it, I believe "the aphrodesiac lounge". Peeked in on this sexy looking room, but just did not have time to stay. Next time, for sure!
5	A Perfectly Overpriced Breakfast in Las Vegas!  I will go hear everytime I am in Las Vegas.
3	It elludes Hollywood glam all over the place in order to lure your self. They find you deep down inside and you can't hold back your trying-hard-to-be-couture-self.. It's celeb glam overload.. but I can't deny the super seductive/cute $25 rine stone lollipops either.. Sweet+glittery=attracts females. You pinned us down SF!  *head down and shaking two fist vigorously*But honestly, I think it only resembles a cute animated candy shop with pastries and more cute stuff/memorabilia. It makes it different from other candy shops in Silicon Valley cause it's coutured out with hollywood stars. and lots of them up on the wall. If Brittany Spears and Don from Harry Potter are delighfully eating this.. don't you? sarc. Haha!
4	This place is perfect for me, a full bar and all the candy a girl could want!We went twice during 1 day, I would definitely suggest heading there for happy hour, where all drinks are buy one get one free... including the $36 I had the Swedish fish drink, a Grape Crush, Almond Joy Martini, Cinnamon Toast Crunch Martini, Lollipop Goblet, and Berry Goblet. 5/5!The Goblets gave me a serious belly ache, but I just couldn't resist it. Everything else was delicious and unlike any drinks I've had anywhere else.The bartenders were just ok, I'd rate them a 2/5... They should learn to keep the work drama away from costumers, I saw the manager degrading a bartender, and then a bartender degrading a server many times. It seemed like such a fun loving place, and when I saw the work environment, it changed my outlook. I would return for the happy hour, just because of the fun drinks.
3	Their ice cream/gelatos look just a tad better than it tastes. But the taste is good! The Coconut was meh. Cookies n Cream...YUM! Quite a lot of different bakeries along with the gelato selection. There's another one inside Miracle Mile shops, but the line from Lobster Me can get it in the way.
5	"If you want to view paradise, simply look around and view it!" Willy Wonka didn't lie when he sang about candy transporting the eater to a euphoric, utopian state. Although, his Chocolate Factory was riddled with Oompa Loompas, whereas here at sugar factory, you'll be bombarded by a flock of barely legal coeds in miniskirts who prance around licking lollipops and pouring Pixie Stix over theirs heads in slow motion to the eternal soundtrack of "Take My Breath Away." These voluptuous vixens tantalize the customer and operate utilizing tactics of ultimate distraction. On numerous occasions, I have walked into Sugar factory expecting a routine gummy run, when suddenly a jelly bean nymph would pop out of the nearest vat of Charleston Chews and into my direct path."Can I help you find something sweet today?" she asked with sugar-encrusted, revolving, spiral red and white peppermint eyes."Uh, I um...""You look like you need some help. Why don't we go get some candy together?" Her voice was smoother than a rippling stream of liquefied Werther's Originals. By this point, I had lost my motive entirely, and surrendered to her corn syrupy trance. This story ends with me walking out with 18 pounds of candy and a question mark for a head. I didn't know where I was. Had I been mugged? Did I enter a new dimension? Am I a giant piece of candy? Whatever the case, I had been duped by the Sugar Factory Gum Drop Sprites and was now forced to walk around in public with industrial-sized satchels of edible death. Whoever runs that little hut of temptation is a very brilliant individual.-Joey Pipes
1	My husband and I came in for an early dinner. The menu looked great and we had decided on what we wanted. A waiter came and said "Be right back". We waited 20 more minutes. Didn't get water or any service. Decided to go elsewhere. Will not go back. I only gave them one star because I had to.
4	Idk why I keep coming here when I only buy candy and it's the same candy I can buy at sweet factory for waaaaay less. I think I just go for the hype but I know if you love sweets and cupcakes and what not then you ought to try their beautiful selections of fancy over the top decorated cupcakes. It's too sweet for me but I love looking at them.
2	The food was ok. I received very slow service, and although my waitress was very nice, it was just slow. I didn't get asked what I would like to drink for five minutes after being seated, even though the place wasn't too busy (it was 1am). Also I wasn't even greeted upon entry. It was expensive, and the portions were tiny. I wouldn't mind so much if the service made up for the portions, but it didn't. What was I paying for? Service? No. Food? No. It was disappointing.
4	The food here was pretty good. I came here in the afternoon for lunch and had a savory crepe which came with a side of spinach. The service here was not the best since the waitress NEVER refilled my water, and I was irritated since I was so dehydrated.. But  since Shaq was eating lunch there too, seeing him made up for the bad service.
3	Went here for lunch. I like how they have a lot of options for brunch. I got the turkey and bri crepe. Guest got the burger. I think the balcony seating area is nice, it allows for really great people watching and on a nice sunny day, it's just lovely. Service was OK. It took us a long time to get our food and the waitress was not particularly friendly or anything, just OK. It was nice...but overall just an average eatery. Pricey and the food wasn't particularly amazing or anything. Nice for a lunch on the strip and people watching. Their candy store is much nicer than the restaurant.
3	I like the look of this place; the ambience is fun. They have outdoor seating with a great view if you are willing to wait. We had the mac and cheese lollipops at the waiters recommendation; I'm going to assume they are normally better than we had, because the skewers came out busted up and they weren't all even temperature (a sign of lack of effort int he kitchen). The taste wasn't great either; I'm sure they can be better when done right, but I wouldn't order them again. We also had the pizza, which was alright; not great, not terrible, but you definitely felt that the price was about the location and not the quality.  The service was lackluster; when asked if we like the mac lollipops, we said not really and the server just said "great aren't they" clearly hearing us but disagreeing like in doing so we'd change our mind. A manger came over to ask us if we wanted anything else  as though the server was avoiding us and we didn't see him again until he dropped the check. It was really awkward service. I'd give the place four stars for ambiance, two for service and 2.5 for the food. I rated it three stars total instead of two because the turnaround was super quick. We'll go back again and try drinks and desserts, but as far as dining is concerned; well, we'll stick to the Sugar.
4	Ok I know its all hyped up but I really enjoyed my two experiences here and I'll you why....First independent of the restaurant there is a Sugar bar inside of the Paris casino that's connected to the restaurant (its the back side) you can get all your food served at the bar there. We had happy hour there but no food. Bartender was super friendly and happy hour was buy one get one free of their amazing cocktails. Roughly you pay about 10 bucks a drink with happy hour prices and tip but the drinks are HUGE and i was done done after 1.5 of them. They were delicious and whimsical (Swedish Fish Cherry thing was wow) and the smores martini packs quite a punch!Moving along to the restaurant...Saturday morning it was packed! However we were sat really quickly....but then we were ignored for 20 min....through no fault of the waitress though they didnt tell her they broke up a large table and had begun seating in her section. She quickly put our order in and the food came out really quick (but i did see other tables wait ions for their food...I guess since they front loaded our wait time we got to have an expedited order)Food was really good and not expensive. I had a Raspberry creme brulee crepe which was rich but light. Not too heavy (finished the whole thing!) and the raspberry sorbet it was topped off with was the perfect compliment to the warm crepe. We also had chicken tenders and the basket was full!! We got like 6 or 7 pieces and couldn't polish them off. Anywho I will definitely be back to the bar and restaurant
4	The Sugar Factory is a great place to eat in Vegas. Located right on the strip, it offers a fun atmosphere and is connected to a bakery/sweets shop (Sugar Factory). Surprisingly, the food was very good despite the fact that you would think it would be know purely for it's baked goods. I didn't try any dessert while there except for a Strawberry Malt, which was delish.Their burger was really good, and compared to many of the other restaurants in Vegas, the service was decent as well. Unfortunately, many restaurants in Vegas have a cute atmosphere and poor service or poor food, but this place has it all.If you are looking for some good food, a great atmosphere, and a good time, head over to the Sugar Factory :)
4	This review is for the back dining room. Why do I point that out? Because the vibe is completely different during dinner back there!Walked in with a group for a bachelorette party dinner, and thought for a second that we were severely overdressed for our reservation. The host walked us to the back and it was like a completely different scene! Dim lit, gorgeous decor, and the huge oversized pink booths, perfect for our bachelorette!The menu was really fun, and we shared several items among the 5 of us including the thin crust pizzas, burger bites, mac and cheese lollipops and the arugula with steak salad. The steak was perfect, literally melted in my mouth...just as it should!A couple of things to note that really had me considering bringing this review down to 3 stars. We ordered one of their large 36 oz. "Lollipop" punch bowls. Our server came back and said they were out of the punch bowls, and asked if 5 individual glasses would be okay. Sure, no problem....however, instead of bringing us glasses like the rest of the martinis were served in, she brought plastic cups. Noooo, we are not at a frat party. Not to mention about 5 minutes later the table next to us received one of the large bowls. She also forgot the lollipops and candy to go with the drinks...thats the whole point, right?!Several other items they were also out of, and the drinks took forever to get! I saw only one bartender and he was trying to keep up with all of the parties. Ill cut him some slack because the dessert martinis we ordered were some of the BEST I've ever had. I HIGHLY recommend the Smores and the Almond Joy drink. I'm still dreaming of them!If you have a party, I definitely recommending reserving one of the back tables. The front, casual dining area looked cute for brunch or lunch. Oh, and they have a bar inside the Paris that has a great HH.Thanks, Sugar Factory, for a really fun dining experience!
4	I've been to Sugar Factory several times now, and each time was a very pleasant experience. My sister and brother-in-law were visiting from out of town and we decided we'd visit the restaurant for a late dinner after a night of playing "tourist" (complete with half-yarders of frozen alcoholic slushies). We arrived at Sugar Factory at around 10:00pm on a Saturday. The restaurant was surprisingly packed for that hour, and the wait was about 15-20 minutes. The upside to having to wait at this restaurant is the fact that it gives you time to browse their store. As a lover of all things sweet, this was heaven for me! I'm only glad I was able to hold back from buying any of the desserts or candy they had, because I would've definitely spoiled my appetite before dinner! We were seated in the back dining area which was a lot calmer than the main dining area--dimmer lighting, quieter, and less people. Once we were seated, we all decided on our orders; there were four of us, and we made sure to all order different menu items that way we could taste off each other. I ordered the steak frites. My brother-in-law and I decided to share our entrees, his being a savory chicken crepe. Both menu items were deeee-licious! The best part of my visit was that my brother-in-law nearly fell into a food coma while eating his meal. If I'm not mistaken, his exact words were, "I'm being defeated!" It was awesome.The next time, I plan to try one of their cocktails or fishbowl drinks... They look SAAAWWWWEEEEETTT!!! Note: While the food is delicious and presentation is great, you are paying quite a bit for the ambiance. With that said, any restaurant with as great an ambiance as Sugar Factory AND open 24 hours is the place for me!! :)
3	I dined here and was really excited about it. The service was not up to the standards I am use to when I venture on to the strip. I was irritated because they only gave our table one menu to share and the waiter was not as attentive as he should have been. The food however was amazing. The pizza was awesome and the red velvet sundae was so tasty I had to stop myself from polishing of the whole thing.
4	Don't worry, my mom and I went to Vegas and ate at the same restaurant twice. I know what you thinking...1) How cool is it that you went to Vegas with your mom?!!? (took her for the first time ever for her b-day)2) There are so many fabulous places in Vegas- why eat at one twice!??!The answer is that it's cute, fun, has lots of yummy menu items, lots of yummy desserts, good service, fancy decor and most importantly: was able to seat us on a busy weekend!TIP: Order the turkey burger sliders- they are hands down the best turkey burgers that have EVER had, ever. Good view of the Bellagio water show from the seats in the front.
5	Incredible experience!  The staff and general manager were the best we have ever experienced anywhere in the country!  I cannot overstate how pleasurable this experience was for my wife and I!  If you are in Las Vegas, do yourself a favor and dine at the Sugar Factory on the strip, you will remember it for years to come!
4	Dined here for lunch. Definitely a touristy place, but the cocktails are too unique not to review. I got the blow pop martini, rimmed with pop rocks and a tuna melt for my meal. Albeit pricey, they are one-of-a-kind. We enjoyed the casual dining atmosphere outside allowing us to people watch on a beautiful, sunny day.
4	So much fun!!  The bartender was great!  Adult Cookies and Milk--what could be better?
4	I went there 3 times during my last trip to vegas.The first time was for lunch. My friend got a regular hamburger and I got the burger sliders. The burger tasted okay. The beef was kinda too lean for me. The burgers didn't taste bad, but not special either. The server was really sincere and great. I also got 20% discount with my Total Reward card. So it's a plus. The second time we went for a late night sweet treat. My friend got a Berry Smoothie and I got the Creme Brulee Crepe. My friend's smoothie tasted good, and I think my crepe was awesome! I kept thinking about that crepe the following days too. It was so satisfying!The third time I went there for dinner with my husband. We shared a Chicken Pappardelle Pasta and a Red Velvet Sundae. The Chicken Pappardelle Pasta tasted very good. I normally don't like eating pasta but this Chicken Pappardelle Pasta was really tasty and it surprised me. The Red Velvet Sundae was okay. The proportion of the ice-cream and the red velvet cake was a bit off. There were 3 big heaps of ice-cream but only a few chunks of red velvet cake. And the weird part was that the ice-cream came out as strawberry flavor while the menu said that it's vanilla. But I didn't bother to ask them about it because I was okay with strawberry flavor. Just think that it would be nice if they are consistent with what they wrote on the menu. The menu also said that the sundae would come with warm fudge but there was none when it came out. This one I really had to ask because I really love to have warm fudge on a sundae. And the server was very nice and got my warm fudge on the side so I could put as much as I wanted on the sundae. The only down side was that the sundae came out in the middle of us eating the pasta. So I had to ditch the pasta and started working on the sundae, otherwise the sundae would melt. So they didn't seem to do the timing well, they could have given us enough time to finish their main course before bringing out a dessert that could melt. So this is a disappointing mark so far.We get to have 20% discount with the Total Reward card. They told us that only 1 menu item per card though. But each of us has our own Total Reward card anyway, so we got every item discounted. Taste wise, everything we've tried has been good so far, no bad tasting food yet. I think I for sure will go back for the Creme Brulee Crepe or trying some other crepe there. I will consider having the Chicken Pappardelle Pasta again next time, as I didn't get to taste enough of it after the sundae came out (my husband finished the rest of the pasta while I was working on the sundae).
1	Service was sub par, as well as the chocolate sundae. Methinks I prefer Serendipity!
3	Meh....food was ok, typical on-the-strip touristy restaurant. Being a local wanted to try it out, but prob won't be back unless for dessert.
4	This place is at the Paris hotel, right on the strip and it is open 24 hours. It is great if you feel like munching late night.They have a huge menu of drinks, I wish I could have tried them all but only one per visit was enough for me, they are huge!.I liked their crepes especially the sweet ones, so good!Their banana splits are huge too! (2 people can share it)...well I guess I should have started by saying that most of the stuff here is pretty big!!! Lol.They have a $99 banana split with 24 ice cream scoops! (yes, it says: to share for 12 people).I tried their benedicts which were different, instead of an english muffin they serve them with scallop potatoes. They were pretty tasty.Pricewise, this place is pretty reasonable when it comes to food but they get you with the drinks.Right beside the restaurant is the shop where you could find sweet goodies (chocolate, cupcakes, candy, gummies, anything to bring your sugar levels up! Yum!).In 5 days we visited sugar factory 3 times and we will definitely go back!.Why not 5 stars? Service!
4	This place is amazing YUM!. Had a sundae and almost died from deliciousness after lol. Sad I didn't get to try one one there amazing mixed drinks but I will be back woohahahaha
4	Lots of selections if you're a sugar addict, which I'm really not. I ordered the vanilla shake and they give you a huge portion! I wasn't able to finish! One of my GFs ordered a root beer float and it came with a long blonde streak of hair! Which is OK, shit happens! The waitress kindly gave her another, new and hair-less float!
5	I love The Sugar Factory.  I go here every time I come to Vegas.  My BFF and I came here for Happy Hour on Saturday... buy one get one free... We got rediculously drunk.  Like, more drunk than ever before in our lives.  Dave, our bartender was awesome.  And he was quite cute too.  :)  Anyway, I recommend the gummi bear goblet... one will get you tipsy.  The root beer cocktail tastes just like a root beer float.  Delicious.  :)  We also got the spinach / artichoke dip, and it was delicious!I would say more, but I can't remember anything else.
3	Came here for some ice cream. Rather pricey for two scoops of ice cream. And they don't even do half and half flavors for the small size. Lame. Cookies and cream ice cream was good... the hazelnut chocolate was all right. It's so grossly warm near the gelato though. Service was eh.
1	Food: Dark Chocolate Fondue for four. One item, gummi bears is substituted for red velvet cake without any notice.  Note, there is a huge candy store in the same space that had plenty of gummi bears.Server: AliciaDrinks: Water and raspberry hot chocolate. We ordered a half-bottle of champagne, and were told that they were out an hour after we ordered.  Imagine our surprise when it was still on the bill.  To say we were unimpressed by the lack of service and the lack of communication from our server is an understatement.  Do yourself a favor, and just don't do it.
4	I'm not much of a 'candy' person - as far as sweets go, I'd prefer a brownie or cookie over gummy worms or a chocolate bar - but just the same, I had a good time at the Sugar Factory.This place is a fun stop on the Strip. It reminded me a little bit of Dylan's Candy Bar in NYC, with wall-to-wall sugary sweets. It was a very cute shop, but my review is mainly for the restaurant part of this place.The menu is pretty standard, but features, as would be expected, an extensive dessert section. Their drink menu also featured several candy-centered cocktails, which while we didn't order any, looked very cool when others ordered them, lol. As it was, I ordered a frozen hot chocolate and a club sandwich, both of which very good. Particularly the frozen hot chocolate. Not as good as the Frozen hot chocolate from Serendipity, but satisfying and delicious just the same.I think on my next trip here, I'll try a sundae :)
4	We were very impressed with this place.  No, it's not cheap, but nothing in Vegas is and at least you get good food and lots of it here.  Both times we came in, we sat at the bar and the bartenders were extremely friendly.  The food came out quickly and was delicious.  I had one salad that was big enough to feed four people and my husband raved about the chicken and waffles.  We both ordered eggs benefict another time and it was perfect! The drinks are also no joke - both the alcoholic ones and the ice creams ones are huge and well made.  Definitely a new favorite on the Strip!
3	The menu is extensive with breakfast options, sandwiches, burgers, pizza, etc. There are also a lot of fun cocktails and desserts. When I went I had a burger. It was cooked well, but nothing special. My friends had the patty melt sandwich and eggs benedict; also decent but nothing wowed us. It is a little pricey for what it is and I'm sad our food was only okay. However I would go back to try other things and I do like that it has a good vibe.
3	Candy here is pretty pricey! $25 dollars for a lollipop just for the decor of a bling bling stick. I find that unnecessary, but if you like it, then go for it. The desserts here are ok, but not the best though. If you like overpriced candy, ice cream, and other desserts, then come over here. But as for myself, I would not. I rather go to Ghirardelli's! =)
2	Besides a cool atmosphere, this place has nothing else. Food took way too long and was not good. Wouldn't go back.
3	I had cappucino which was so unbelievably sweet I couldn't drink it.  I like sweets.  I have nothing against a delicious frothy sugary drink, but this was overkill.  Others in my group liked their desserts, although it's really way too much food and desserts are best split.  The music is too damn loud!  I get it, I'm old, but I don't need to lose my hearing with my advancing age.  It's hard to have a conversation here.  As loud as the music is when you are walking by outside, it's worse inside.  The service was off, they kept trying to bring us food other people ordered.  It's ok for a quick bite or desserts, but I wouldn't go back if the music is always that loud.
3	I agree with the other Yelpers that this place a wee bit overpriced and the food is decent but nothing to go gaga over, with the exception of a few items. The service was good but not fantastic (I guess I expect more from a place with its reputation and location). We ordered the Signature burger w/ fries (my cousin's), grilled chicken crepe with spinach (my sister's), monte cristo w/ fries (mine), & grilled mini burgers (appetizer). I also ordered the $8 frozen hot chocolate which was pretty damn good. It's more ice creamy than Serendipity 3's but still good. My entree (the monte cristo) was the best thing we ordered but I could do without the fruit topping that traditionally comes with it (it was too tart for my taste). Overall, I love the ambience & decor & the location--you're literally across from the Bellagio fountains--plus the candy shop makes me happy (even if some of the items are ridiculously expensive). I'll come here again but not that often--probably with fam & friends who are visiting from out of town.
2	This is the type of place you go to just to say you've been. What exactly the celebrities on their overly pretentious menu have ordered here that makes them frequent this place, I do not know because I was far from impressed. The Mojave has nothing on Sugar Factory's turkey burger, dryest one I've ever had in life. Painfully slow service, AND I was served a dirty glass of water with someone else's lipstick on it. I'll pass next time I'm in town.
1	How do you make a tasteless ice cream sundae?  What a ripoff for ten bucks.  I get that it's the Strip, so the price will be inflated.  But at least make the sundae correctly and don't use flavorless ice cream.  How can I take several bites of a sundae and think to myself "Damn, this is totally bland"??  It's ice cream, hot fudge, and candy for heaven's sake!!  I threw half of it away.  And the kid making it didn't even seem to know what I had ordered.  He had to take a printed menu, set it down beside him, and refer to it constantly--yet I still received a sundae minus two of the five ingredients, plus one that didn't belong!  He basically just invented his own sundae recipe.  I should have called him on it but my friends were waiting for me.Aggressively incompetent tourist trap.
1	I'm shocked celebrities find this a hot-spot, unless Sugar Factory uses celebrities in order to promote their name (which is most likely the case).Out of the whole experience, the best thing was the atmosphere. It's obvious that large parties accommodate seating, and you get a nice view of the water fountains from Bellagio across the street.I would suggest even the smartest of trendy tourists to avoid this place. Everything has a candy or sweet theme to it, which is unique in itself and interesting (a twinkle flavored alcoholic drink? What?), but this is obviously a classic tourist trap for overpriced food (and they go beyond what is overpriced!) I didn't see a single thing under $10 for food, and even the drinks were $7 and up. They have a good variety on the menu, almost every category you can think of (salads, soups, chicken, pasta, pizza, burgers, etc.)Our server told us drinks were half off for happy hour. Apparently drinks are half off at the *bar* area, not the restaurant area. The whole time we were under the impression that all the drinks on the menu were half off, so I ordered the root beer cocktail that was $14 (might I add it wasn't too bad either). When you think you're getting it for $7 because someone assured it was half off and see your bill at about $20 (including gratuity for our large group that night), you're definitely going to have an issue with it!The manager was very nice in making adjustments. Apparently it was buy one get one free, and even if it wasn't half off in the restaurant, I never got my second drink. Food was nothing special, you can have better elsewhere for over half the cost. The fries were ordinary, and my friend said the pasta wasn't anything exciting for the price he paid. One of the high selling points are the goblet drinks, but they're $35! Personally, I didn't see what the hype was all about. I guess if you have money to burn, this place seems like another fast-food restaurant to the rich.
4	Came here with a group of 20 for my son's birthday/our rehearsal dinner lol.  When we got there, they wouldnt seat us until the entire party arrived.  Cmon give me a break, 90% of us were there.  The hostess had some kind of power trip going on.  It wasn't until the manager spotted 15 people clogging up his bar area that we got seated.  Also, I found the music to be a little loud for the older folks in our party.  After that, I have not a single complaint.  We were assigned two waiters and both were excellent!!  The food was very good, and they have some awesome signature drinks.  They made sure to give my son the proper birthday attention, and also gave my fiance and I a killer complimentary cupcake for our upcoming nuptials :-)
5	Hi my name is Mandie,....and im a sucker for sweets and treats! We were walking around at some ungodly but Vegas acceptable hour of the night looking for coffee when I spoted the Sugar Factory. Never heard of it before, but its tractor beam of calories and yumminess caught me. Good thing too!Everything sweet and great can be found here! I had the Banana Walnut Gelato... Amazeballs!
5	We ate here twice in Vegas (we stated at Paris, which is where this restaurant is located) and it was really, really good the first time and OK the second. The food wasn't too pricey considering it's Strip. BLT was fantastic. Had then ham and cheese crepe the second time but itwas not good, it was just lots of grocery store ham on a crepe. I returned it and got he breakfast crepe instead. It was just alright. Best thing by far, was the spinach artichoke dip. Not only was  the dip the best I ever had, the chips (pita?) that came with it were fantastic. the candy in the candy shop was way overpriced, even for the strip. A previous reviewer mentioned the $25 lollipop. It's completely true. It was just a regular lollipop with a crystal stick! After the lollipop is gone, what can you do with a bling stick?  As for service, our servers both times were real nice and attentive. I believe we got lucky though. It seemed like most of the employees were more worried about looking cute than waiting on customers. Overall, it is worth the stop just or the fantastic food.
2	Honestly, people give this place too much credit -.- the price for the food is not worth it. I mean $16 Fettucini Alfredo? And that's without chicken or shrimp. My friend got that, and guess what happened? It was freaking undercooked. She was obviously not going to eat it and she didn't pay for it either. She shouldn't have to. The food was horrid and not worth it. The customer service is the only reason why my review isn't 1 star.
4	Whoa the breakfast here is off the charts! I was here for a bachelorette party and we did breakfast here one day, the quality of the food was crazy good. We browsed the candy store while we waited, wasnt too long. I had a bit of a hangover so I wasn't too hungry so I just got some eggs and bacon. But wow the bacon was cut super thick and I could barely finish it! A friend and I were joking that it was bacon on crack and we wondered how big the sausage was.. As we both looked over to the end of the table where another friend had huge sausages! We laughed for a while and no one knew why.. We had never seen breakfast sausage that looked like full on brats! Each pair of girls shared the gigantic goblets of mixed drinks. They pour it over dry ice so it bubbles and fogs the whole time! We got the berry one and it was amazing- but $35 (well, its vegas). When I have a chance to eat here again I'll bring a bigger appetite and try the fried chicken, because we were all eyeing it.
5	Came here for happy hour and I had a good experience! It was my first time going here with a few of my girlfriends and it was fantastic! Buy the first drink, get the second drink for free! We shared the White Gummi and this other drink with banana in it! They were in goblets and there were nine shots in each goblet. White Gummi was my favorite drink. It had gummy worms and dry smoking ice which looked cool. Me and my girls got a good buzz from the drinks. The bartenders were so nice and fun to talk to! We enjoyed walking down the strip afterwards. Good times!
3	This place was ok... Nothing special. Disappointed at the macaroons because it was not as tasty as I expected. The fondue was better but definitely had better.
2	This review is for the restaurant area of this place. While the dessert/candy shop area is interesting to look at the restaurant area leave a lot to be desired. It does get slammed late at night so we had to wait a bit to get a place.  Seeing mussels on the menu my buddy and I decided to order some as we in the mood for something light.The food took its time to arrive and it was sad state of affairs after that.Almost 90% of the mussels were not open (mean they were either not cooked properly or were dead!) or the shell was broken (that means I had to gamble whether they were dead or alive before cooking) seeing this I flagged a server couple of times showing what the heck is wrong here. Even an area manager passed by and commented they are not supposed to be like this. No offer of replacing the order or comping it. Seriously this is unacceptable what if I was someone who didn't know you are not supposed to eat dead or unopened mussels! Food poisoning bad as it is can be fatal from shell fish. I will take my business elsewhere in the future. The Server  and view of the strip  added another star here otherwise we are looking at a total disaster here.
4	Sugar Factory was quite up beat the moment I walked through the doors. But of course, they have their $25 bedazzled lollipops promoted by famous celebrities aka The Situation, Kim Kardashian, and etc. Their goodies are quite pricey but what I found really tasty was their red velvet ice cream. It was absolutely yummy! :)
3	After searching for restaurants to try while we were in Vegas. This was one of the places we picked. We had dinner pretty early 5:30 and it wasn't busy at all. They sat us in the bar area and we were greeted by our waiter (forgot his name) he was awesome, He told about their happy hour and how all drinks were BOGO ,so we did 2 of the Goblets drinks. The food was OK My bf got some pasta with olive oil and omg that thing was drenched in olive oil , like after eating all the pasta there was a good cup or so of oil sitting at the bottom of the bowl (not sure if it supposed to be like that) but, he liked it, I got their club sandwich and it was good, others got sliders, pizza, and the Tuna sandwich and they all liked their food. For the Goblets ill pass next time, its a cool looking drink but taste wise not that great. So we were too full for dessert at the time of dinner, so around 2am while taking a break from clubbing we came back for their banana split and it was so good and big we shared it between 4 girls! So ill come back to try other stuff cause the menu was pretty big!
2	What am I missing???We came here three times on our last visit to Vegas.  THREE!  Because the kids in our party were mesmerized by the sugar and the bling.  Okay, I get it.  In the marketing to kids department: 5 Stars.  And not just kids... I am the proud owner of a pink rhinestone duck keychain that probably cost $0.50 to make, and cost $15 to purchase... Note: two rhinestones are already missing.So the first time we went, we had a party of 20 (with a reservation).  It took them 45 minutes past our reservation time to seat us... and we weren't near each other.  It took an hour(!!!) for our food.  The kids were going crazy, they were starving.  POOR organization (with many apologies from our servers, who were polite).None of the food is great.  It's all okay.  Not bad.  The portions are ridiculous... The frozen hot chocolates taste powdery and I can't recommend them.  I had a scoop of ice cream, which was about three giant scoops... TOO MUCH FOOD!  The waste that happens there is out of control.  The gummy cherries that they put on their sundaes were stale on all three occasions.  And I love gummy cherries!Anyway, mediocre food, overpriced candy and accessories, poorly executed for large parties, lengthy waits for food, excess and waste.  At least the staff is nice.
4	We went to this place because, of course, we came out of the club and were craving chicken and waffles. See, I make it a point to find places that can serve up some combo of chicken and waffles when I go clubbing. There's nothing like crunchy chicken to follow up 32 Ciroc and tonics. This place is at Paris Las Vegas at street level and I saw a picture of one of those Kardashian broads so I figure they must go often or something. I don't really know the details, I just knew that I wanted some chicken and waffles.The service was outstanding. I have to mention this first because it has to be pretty hard to work at odd hours serving drunkards that come crawling onto the strip when the clubs let out. *raises hand*The chicken was super crunchy and actually pretty good. The waffles were a little too sweet. It almost felt like I was eating cake and chicken. It was definitely pricey at $20/plate but hey, it's Vegas!!!!
3	I recently had my birthday party at Sugar with a group of 15 girls. Service was good, the view of the Bellagio fountains was amazing, yet the entrees were marginal. $20 for a basic alfredo pasta dish that didn't impress. I will give props to the Mac & Cheese Pops...those were delish, however you only get 3 of them for $12. Highly overpriced.If you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth, then you're at the right place. Sugar has everything from Peanut Butter, Jelly & Milk Chocolate Pizza, to chocolate fondue fountains, to a scrumptous Cookie Jar Sundae. They definitely rock the socks off dessert & spoil your dinner. In fact, I rather skip the pricey dinner all together and indulge on sweet treats. End result: Sugar Factory is only good for that...sugar!
3	Finally went to the Sugar Factory to eat lunch instead of just buying the candy. We had a 20 minute wait before being seated which was good so we could go the store part of the restaurant and look around. The restaurant is pretty big and it was busy because it was Memorial weekend. We ordered the Mac and cheese bites which were excellent and served on little toothpicks. Cute. We had a steak sandwich and a tuna sandwich which were decent. The best part of the meal was obviously dessert. We had a chocolate pizza was sort of a let down and we had  a sundae. The sundae was my favorite. I haven't had one in years. Overall the food was pretty good and the service was alright. (Our server was really busy!)
2	Buyer beware @ Sugar Factory! Our group went to sugar factory over MDW and had an interesting experience to say the least.First thing we heard from our server once we sat down was that everything on the menu was $1 MORE than listed! I thought she was kidding...she was not. The restaurant actually had the balls to up charge every single item $1 over their busiest weekend of the year. Like their prices weren't high enough for what you got.I am pretty sure this is illegal and the manager eventually voided out the extra $'s once we complained...but still made for a bad experience.The food is mediocre at best, nothing to write home about. Out of our fairly large group, no one loved their food, no one hated it. Drinks were overpriced, and really so was the food for the quality and portions they gave. We were excited to try the mac n cheese pops, but were very disappointed. Cheaply breaded mac n cheese, looked like a corn dog. Do yourself a favor and go to Society Cafe to try these...WAY better.Our server was great, she took care of the table well, was funny and attentive...so that's really the only reason I gave 2 stars.We don't plan on coming back to Sugar Factory...they are shady to say the least.
1	I can see why this place needs all their many celebrity endorsements. It's because their food sucks. My girlfriends ordered cupcakes there. They looked fabulous and cost more than the usual cupcake, but they tasted like crap. The tops were rock hard. We had to peel them off and the frosting was overly sweet. I tried the red velvet and chocolate and the red velvet was the best of the two, which isn't saying much. This place is called the Sugar Factory so they should be really good at all things sweet, but I really don't think they care what they sell their patrons. They have the name and the publicity so they will continue to make money off their terrible food. I would love to see a picture of a celebrity taking a bite out of one of their cupcakes instead of sucking on a lollipop.
3	While on our Mom's weekend away, we stayed at the Paris Hotel.  Some of the moms were in line for the buffet at the hotel and texted us to meet them there.  When I saw the line, I told them I am not going to wait over an hour for eggs.  My roommate and a couple of other moms decided to head out.  Just outside the hotel and I think it is part of it is The Sugar Factory, besides having a big candy store, they have a restaurant attached to it.  We were seated immediately and we texted the other moms who joined us.  The menu looks like a smaller version of the Cheesecake Factory one.  Our server was so nice, she was from New Zealand and one of the moms in our group is from Australia, so they had a little chat.  The food is ok, nothing to blow your mind, but in a pinch it will do.  I had the egg white omelet with spinach and mushroom.  It came with potatoes and toast.  Some of the drinks looked so good, but it was too early to start drinking.  All in all I had a very good experience here.
3	I recently tried this place with a few friends on a recent trip to Vegas.  I have always walked into the store to get candy for my niece and nephew since  they have things like Angry Bird gummy candy or Hello Kitty lollipops.  We always passed the restaurant and wondered about the food so we made reservations and had lunch there.  I got the Monte Cristo sandwich which was delicious!  I ate the whole thing even though I probably shouldn't have.  The prices are typical for this kind of place in Vegas, I wasn't shocked.  The wait staff was a bit slow but it's probably because it was lunch rush hour and there was a kids birthday party thing going on.  Try this place at least once.
2	How this place stays open, I have no clue at all.  The only redeeming quality is the service.  The food is terrible.  The drinks are nothing special, but are priced as if they are made with gold.  The layout of the dining room is awful.  The management team is clueless, or so it seemed.  The music doesn't fit the decor.It is almost like a 14 year old girl got to create a restaurant and filled it with crap she likes instead of trying to generate an experience or ambiance for the guests.  In fact, that may be the problem in itself.  The guests seem to be thought of as single use bystanders in this place.  The only single use they seemed to have for me was a debit card at the end of the ordeal.End of story, place is a flop.  Go to CVS, buy candy, and save your money and eat somewhere else at Paris!
5	We walked in on a Sunday morning, we're seated immediately. The wait staff were excellent, as was the food.  We had 2 more join us and the waiter pulled over another table-no problem.  Some of the best service I have had in recent years in Vegas-sweet!
3	I was in Vegas for a friends bachelorette party and a dinner at Sugar Factory was arranged.  Since we were a large group we set up a dinner package.  It consisted of Ahi sliders, mac n cheese balls and artichoke dip, a salad and surf n turf for an additional up charge we added the premium drink package.  This dinner was pricey but I really enjoyed myself.  I would have to say it was due to the company I was with.  With the premium drink package you get unlimited drinks for 2 hours but the waitress was a little slow in taking our orders.
2	On my last Vegas trip, we decided to check out Sugar Factory for its cute decor and reasonable reviews.  The inside of the restaurant is very cutesy as it's a mix between a candy shop and a full service restaurant.  The restaurant space is pretty big and the day we went, there were hardly any other guests dining at the time (I think we had a really late lunch that day).  Despite being one of the few groups in the restaurant, the service was incredibly slow.  The total meal took us about 2 hours because it took forever for our food to come out.  In Vegas time, when you start eating at 3 pm, 2 hours can mean everything, especially with a group of girls who need ample time to get ready and glammed up before a night out.  The food was just mediocre, with nothing particularly great about the grilled chicken burger and fries that would compensate for the less than stellar service.  I would suggest going to the casino floor for New York New York and just getting food from one of the many restaurants there - faster, cheaper, and same quality of food.
5	Awesome deserts and awesome food. Cool atmosphere always have to stop by here in Vegas to fix my sweet tooth craving.
3	Cute restaurant located somewhere on the strip. Everything is so expensive, I only came here for the fondue deal for 2, $23. They give you so many things to dip with, compared to melting pot. They're ALWAYS open, so that's a plus. They also have a little store where you can purchase candy and such right next to it. If you come here, be prepared to have a costly meal if you have a sweet tooth. The bill was $47 because I paid for my fondue, my boyfriend got some cappuccino for $6, and my brother's strawberry shortcake sundae was $14. Once in a lifetime experience, but I don't think I'll come back.
5	Who could ever hate a restaurant that has a candy store and chocolate lounge??  You MUST try their cocktails, served in a humongous cocktail glass for $36, which was shared between 6 ladies.  We were recommended the "White Gummy", which was absolutely delicious and presented with a cool dried ice effect, and I was pleasantly happy with their Turkey Burger.  A must try!
1	I'd heard friends raving about Sugar Factory so I went for a friend's birthday dinner.  The restaurant was so LOUD.  There was no way to have a decent conversation.  The food wasn't that great.  There were four of us and we ordered an appetizer and they brought out a plate with three items. Really? I don't even remember what it was that we ordered, it was that bad.  The dinner wasn't that expensive and the service wasn't that bad. Other than that, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless you're in a deaf party of three.
3	I love the layout of it.. I'm sweet tooth person but I would not go heads over heel in this place.. I don't like lollipops so I didn't get it even though it was bling out...I tried the red velvet brownie.. Fail! I couldn't finish it and it was just too much. And this is coming from a girl who loves sweet stuff.. Tried the cupcake.. I think Sprinkles is better
2	Came here since my son wanted an ice cream while we "people watched"It was late and pretty busy, every one getting pre club snacks from the looks of it.When we finally made our way up to the counter (they really need a designated line up area) we ordered, paid and were told to step to the side and wait.WAIT is what we did.....4 parties behind us got their shakes before my son got his. I finally had to say something and they said they would make it.When we got it it taisted ok but the fact that they put random cookie ontop of a grasshopper shake made it taste weird.If your not "HOT" don't plan of having great service.They had lots of cupcakes and treats that looked really cute however we just got the shake.Everything was really high priced and the vibe wasnt working for us.  We should have just walked over to Ben & Jerrys!
3	My friends and I stopped in here to get some dinner before a night of drinking. We were greeted by two friendly hostesses that told us the wait for three would be about 15 minutes. We noticed a few open bar stools at the bar and decided to give the lounge a try.K.C. our waitress/bartender... was not super friendly and honestly seemed really annoyed that she was working, but handed us the menu's and gave us time to look them over. We decided to split one of the many fun flavored Goblet drinks that are $36 for 36 ounces (yep, I'll need to pick up an extra shift at work). We opted for the Twinkie specialty drink. The recipe itself is top secret, but it really did taste like a Twinkie and it also comes with a full twinke as garnish (along with dry ice for a fun effect). When making the drink, my one friend asked for less ice and our annoyed bartender responded, "it won't be any fuller". Despite "fuller" not be a real word, the three of us looked at each other wondering why she was fighting and then K.C. finally decided that it was okay for her to take some of the ice out of the drink. The drink was pretty tasty and super sweet that between the three of us we couldn't finish it at the bar.Another bartender, Anthony, helped us out with our main entree ordering because the few times K.C. wanted to take our order, we were not ready and by this point she seemed more in her element helping the dudes to our right. I decided to order the Turkey and Brie crepe ($15). It came with roasted turkey breast, warm Brie cheese, apples, toasted almonds, wrapped in a crepe and topped with arugula and balsamic vinaigrette. It was okay, but I would probably order something different next time. My one friend ordered the Mediterranean Chicken Pappardelle ($18). It came with wide pasta, and diced chicken. When asked how it was she responded, "exactly what I want, but its not blowing my mind". My other friend ordered the turkey burger ($16) that came with sweet potato fries. I think she was the most pleased out of the three of us with what we ordered and I must say that those sweet potato fries were delicious!Anthony really saved our service rating, he even suggested we take to-go cups for our Twinkie drink we couldn't finish at the bar to enjoy as we walked the Strip. Remember my anal retentive friend with the ice? Well, she asked Anthony if she could strain the drink so we didn't get any ice and he did without any hesitation or smart-ass remark! Anthony and those specialty goblet drinks won us over to come back, K.C. not so much, but she was cute as a button!
3	There was nothing great about this place, and nothing horrendously bad. My sister and I got there after walking for a long time looking for something affordable with reasonable amounts of vegetarian options (we're not picky, however). We went here because it looked fun. It immediately reminded us both of a brighter, louder cheesecake factory. We were seated right away, and promptly waited 25 minutes for a waiter to notice us. I tried several times to catch someone's eye, particularly because the restaurant seemed to be about half full. After whining for a little while (we were way hungry) a waiter finally came over. She completely apologized for not seeing us before, and was immediately friendly and impressively on it. We ordered, an appetizer and pizza to share, and a soda. The food came out impressively fast, but it was disappointingly bland. Really really bland! When the bill came, I saw our waiter had taken off the soda (without telling us) and she apologized again. I tipped 25% because I was impressed with her, and I appreciated her effort to make up for it. We aren't even positive we were in her section!Food: 2 starsService: 3.5 (more for her in particular! She even gave us shopping advice later)I wouldn't come back per se (even though we ate "cheap" and the soda was taken off, the total still came close to forty for rather tasteless food) but it wasn't a terrible experience. The gift shop was cute, but wayyyyy overpriced.
4	Cute funky little place. $35.00 drinks with fog coming out, smores filled crepes, pasta, amazing breakfast, I will be back for sure!It is a really popular place, lots of celebs in and out. Only complaint, don't try to go to the bathroom on a club night, you will bump into the crowds for Chateau night club lined up, and you will have to strong arm your way to the bathroom. Go before you get there. If your waitress is named Sunny, she is a gem! Be good to her and she will hook you up:)
3	I went to the Sugar Factory in Planet Hollywood and Paris Hotel, did not try the restaurant...was tempted to but reading the reviews below I suppose I dodged a bullet (like the one in my hotel room....read my Planet Hollywood review LOL).The store area is cute and definitely eye catching enough to want to walk around the store to see what they had.  Prices are high, as expected tho for novelty shops on the strip.  I tried two desserts on two different days.  First I had the red velvet brownie.  The portion is huge and actually the price for that considering what you get isn't bad at all.  The first layer is a chocolately brownie, the second layer is a moist red velvet cake and is all topped off with a really good frosting.  It's not too too sweet or too overly "cream cheesy."  Presentation is just gorgeous.  I am definitely planning to go back next time for that.A couple days later, I went again because I was still reeling from how amazing the brownie was.  I decided to try one of the cupcakes, if I remember correctly it was called a Freckle or something like that...it was a chocolate cupcake with oreo frosting but it was glittery and pretty so I had to get it....  Hmm...the cupcake was DRY...frosting was hard like it was in the case looking fabulous for days.    I'll most definitely go back to window shop and for another red velvet brownie...but will definitely bypass the cupcakes -__-.
3	been here a couple of times.. first time i was a bit disapointed, they served our artichoke dip and it was still cold and frozen in the middle.. BIG OOPS! so you mean to tell me we pay for a pricey meal and come to find out it's frozen?! big mistake! I wouldnt really recommend eating their food here its just your typical food nothing fancy just over priced and paying for the name I DO HOWEVER recommend this place for dessert! order the sundae you can share it with 4 people it was massive and their shakes are really good. I would go to this restaurant for desserts but not to eat for dinner.. Plus the lines are so frekaing long you might want to go there early or call ahead for reservations.
2	We came here for dessert and got the fondue with hazelnuts.  It was extremely busy, and the service was very slow.  We were left alone for quite awhile without anyone asking if we needed anything.  I usually don't comment on that unless the service is REALLY slow, so you know it was pretty bad.   The fondue itself was OK.  The best part were the brownies (GEEZ they were good) and lemon cake.  I don't think we'll come back to the restaurant, but we'll definitely get a brownie from the store front.
4	This is a very girlie place. If you like pop rocks, cupcakes, sugary alcoholic beverages, etc this is a place for you.  It's very very loud in here, so if you want to have an intimate conversation this is not the place. There are throngs of bachlorette parties getting liquored up on sugary sweet stuff and screaming like banshees in heat!Their menu is varied much like a Cheesecake factory, so if you can't find something on it, you really are a picky eater.  There's breakfast, salads, pasta, tons of desserts and crepes.I loved loved loved my Ratatouille crepe it was damn good.  My friend ordered the grilled chicken Caesar salad, which was not chopped up and rather hard to tackle, but tasted pretty good. Grilled chicken Greek salad was very good as well.
4	They had me at their fries. And chocolate. Duh. I came here for a friend's birthday and ordered the Jolly Rancer cocktail and a side of fries. Let's start off with the total of my bill....$20. Jolly Rancer (very weak, basically syrup cocktail) was $14 and my side of fries was $5. Pretty pricey, but not surprised since it's right in the middle of strip. A hot tourist spot indeed. The drink was good in my opinion since I'm not that much of a heavy drinker, but I probably would go for something a little stronger next time.The fries (my favorite guilty non-nutritional snack) were so yummy! I'd definitely come back here just to get a side of the fries to-go! Crispy and salty, made to perfection in my book! Oh, I also got to sample their spinach dip w/ pita chips, and that deserves a 'bravo' as well! Reason I originally became a fan is because of their chocolate selection. They have these little crisps covered in chocolate, white chocolate, dark chocolate, and cookies & cream. I cannot find them anywhere but here! Not a huge chocolate person, but this was definitely something I looked forward to moving closer to when I moved here!I'll have to come back and try their full menu next time!
5	Brie chicken crepe was really good... Cookies and milk weren't just your average Santa cookies... Absolutely melted in your mouth, but the margarita was what made the meal!
3	Apparently this place is famous. I could only tell cause they had celebrity pictures on the wall wearing or promoting them and their logo. My favorite part of a meal is dessert so I'm always up for something with sugar. Haha. It was afternoon already and our first meal of the day so I opted for something breakfast-y. I got the ham and cheese crepe. It was good and tasty and just what you expect. Portion size was just right for me - finished it all and was full but not stuffed. Though I didn't feel the portion size matched the price ($12) but it's expected here in Vegas. Our table also ordered one their huge and famous alcoholic goblet drinks. We got the lollipop one, which is supposedly their most popular one, and asked for them to add gummy worms to it (because we had trouble deciding between the lollipop and gummy worm drinks and this was like a compromise). It came out in a huge glass goblet filled with mostly ice. They poured the alcohol (which was vodka and rum and something else that made it a sort of green tint) into the goblet because there was dry ice in the cup and it was cool to see it bubbling over with smoke. I only tried a little bit of the drink and it was sweet - not too alcohol-y. People def get it for the novelty. Haha. Too full for dessert but they looked like they had some good stuff.
3	I would actually give it 3.5 stars if it were possible. The restaurant deserves 3 stars and the dessert/candy part of it deserves 4 stars. Food:     Grilled mini burgers: 3.5 stars. Three angus sliders with American cheese and some special sauce. The sliders were very flavorful and delicious. It's a nice light meal before you head out at night. $11     Classic French onion soup: 2 stars. Carmelites onions and a gruyere crouton make this dish very salty. I love French onion soup, but this one was way too salty. $9Desserts:     Oreo and s'mores caramel apple: 4 stars. These caramel apples were delicious and a lot cheaper then I thought they would be. $8Next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely come here again and get more caramel apples!
4	Ate here twice for breakfast. Scrambled egg and bacon crepe was large and filling. Next day got the stack of pancakes. Sat on the patio both times. The food and service were both very good for me. I'd go back again.
5	AMAZING! Got a really large goblet and shared it with two other people and was pretty done for! I love their pastries and I absoluely cannot wait to go back!
4	The mac and cheese balls were good, half of one was enough for me though.the bruschetta was really good. I had the steak salad (dont remember name) and it was just what i expected. Big portions though so i couldnt finish it. drinks are good too. some stronger than others, just stop by! its nice because its right across from belagio fountains so you get to see the water show, its nicer during dinner time. =)
4	Four stars for the novelty factor. So Sugar Factory has a restaurant area, candy store and a bar area that joins onto Paris casino. I only went to the store area. With its thumping music and bright colors, it makes candy seem glamorous. It also made me think that it caters to the whole "addiction" side of Vegas: smoking, gambling, drinking, sex and SUGAR. You basically buy candy by the pound. I don't recall the price, but it just seemed a bit high. Yeah this is Vegas, not WinCo, but still. I found this to be a good spot for souvenirs. I mean really, how many Vegas t-shirts can you buy for someone? It is a bit pricey, but I found their all-the-candy-you-can-stuff-in-a-souvenir-container for $15 to be one of the best buys in town. I found dark chocolate covered cashews, mini gummy bears, chocolate honeycomb and gourmet mints to be a fave of mine. I asked one of the salesgirls the hype behind this place. I mean, who really wants to spend $25 on a lollipop? I don't care if it has a crystal-studded lollipop stick. It wouldn't smack of a "glam pop" to me, more like "I fell for this $25 gimmick." She said that Sugar Factor is the "only 24 hour candy shop on the strip." Fair 'nuff. But couldn't one say the same for 7-Eleven?
1	I was in Vegas with about 7 friends and we really wanted to eat here so we made reservations in advance, but arrived to a grumpy hostess and manager claiming that we never made one. The manager was so rude and did not even try to accommodate us. He swore he checked every possible day that weekend looking for the reservation in case it was placed wrong, but they didn't have it. He was not apologetic or accommodating at all and was basically accusing me of lying. Of course, I got a phone call the very next day around dinner time asking if we were still coming for our reservation that evening. Obviously someone had written the wrong day down and the manager lied about checking all possible reservations for that weekend. I made sure the woman on the phone knew of the situation and explained nicely to her that we would not be in ever again due to the way we were treated.
4	Anything with the word sugar in it, automatically gets 4 stars from me. I actually didn't know this was a restaurant until I passed it on the strip. I have always thought of it to be just a candy store. The food is delicious and the poritions are huge.  I ordered a strawberry milkshake and that seriously could have been my entire meal.  The chicken fingers are fried too hard so I didn't eat all of that, but the crepes are made just perfect!I went with my sister, Tanysha W, and I am unsure about what she ordered because I was so engolfed with my plate, that I tuned everything else out.  The Sugar Factory is located across from the Bellagio and adjacent to Paris hotel.  Great view and fun ambiance.
4	I was searching for a place to have our bachelorette party dinner.  Something on the strip, not too expensive or stuffy, but not too low end.  We decided on the Sugar Factory and booked a table for 14.  The only problem was the bride has Celiacs and although they accommodate gluten free (gf) they didn't have a gf menu (c'mon guys!). This didn't fly for me with this being the bride's big day.  The last thing we wanted was for her to have to go back and forth with chef and server about what she can and can't have, or getting sick.  I also wanted to make sure she wasn't stuck with the good old "you can have a burger without a bun".I corresponded with Dana Hostmeyer, Manager, Event Coordinator to plan our dinner and she was fantastic. Dana printed a gf menu for her, which was great because we had another gf person with us too!  Everyone was really happy with their food - various dinner salads & entrees, but service was definitely slow.  I had the turkey burger, which I think is the best one I've ever had.  Chinese Chicken Salad and espresso martinis also great.  Servers were friendly (but slow) and Manager came over to make sure things were going well.Nice dining room.  They serve very large portions.  Food prices are very reasonable for the strip.  Drink prices are a little high, but they are crazy specialty drinks and thats what your gonna pay.We go to Vegas several times a year, walk by this place and never paid attention to it.  Maybe cause it looks like a chain, which we're not into.  We'll definitely be hitting it again.  Didn't know they were open 24/7 either!! We'll add this to the late night Grand Lux and Peppermill excursions.
2	Sugar Factory is OK.  Sort of a hit or miss for me.I've had the chicken and waffles and the french dip sandwich.  The sandwich was easily below average, no flavor at all.  The chicken was actually pretty good, the crust was sweet - definitely the highlight of the meal for me.  Waffles were decent, nothing to write home about.  The fries were pretty good, above average.The specialty drinks are overpriced.  They use celebrities to market their restaurant = LAME.  If "The Situation" was sitting near me at the restaurant, I would throw my waffles at him.Food isn't incredibly overpriced, but not cheap either.  I will resist returning for a third time.  SUMMARY:  Honestly, this restaurant is for your reality-tv-loving girls aged 14 - 23.  A no-go for food.  Better for desert.
2	The Sugar Factory is a lot cuter than the service. It's a really cute place to have coffee, a crepe or a massive ice cream sundae. The Vanilla Creme Brulee & Raspberry crepe is to die for. If you're in vegas and you want something naughty in your mouth - This is it. Hands down. My sister and I shared the Triple Chocolate Blackout Sundae. I am definitely a chocolate fan, but this was too much chocolate to handle. They do let you substitute ice creams, but the weird thing was that our waiter said they were out of flavors. How can you be out of flavors when a third of your menu is ice cream? Our waiter was really really helpful when it came to ordering. But he only gave us one spoon and we had to ask him and other waiters repeatedly for one spoon. Also he told us that he was going to leave and come back? I dont really know if he wanted us to pay so that he would get his tip, but the service got unprofessional really fast.I dont know if i would come back. The crepe was delicious, but the meh service overpowers that. The food seems over priced and so do the drinks. Another thing is that for such a trendy place that plasters it's celebrity clientele all over the tvs, their menus are really gross, dirty and sticky. If anything, I'll stop by the ice cream counter rather than dine in.
5	Sugar Factory has the absolute best gift baskets.  This is a gift that never fails to impress.
4	Went here twice in Vegas -- once for dessert and once for a late breakfast. Had great food both times.Here's what you need to know immediately: the ice cream sundaes are huge. If you order one, it can definitely be split among two or three people. The red velvet one my girlfriend got for herself -- not knowing how big it was -- was as long as her arm, with several scoops of ice cream and topped with raspberries and a healthy amount of cake frosting and whipped cream. She complained about the lack of red velvet cake chunks, but I thought the whole thing was delicious. Unfortunately (or fortunately), I helped her finish the sundae after myself downing the frozen espresso (essentially a big chunk of coffee ice cream drowned in chilled espresso) and the apple pie waffles. Both those were very good, but I left feeling absolutely STUFFED. If I went again, I'd split a sundae with someone. Went back here with a group of 9 for lunch a few days later, and I got the chicken and waffles. They were just incredible. I also ordered the frozen peanut butter hot chocolate. Frozen hot chocolate is a bit of a misnomer -- this went down more like a milkshake or iced coffee drink (think Starbucks frappucino) -- but it was still delicious. My only complaints: 1) They stop serving breakfast at 1 p.m., meaning no eggs after that time. For a place that bills itself as being a sort-of 24 hour diner, this was a little disappointing, especially to members of the large group I went with for a late breakfast. We got seated there, after a 15 minute or so wait, about 1:10 p.m. 2) The first time my girlfriend and I went, late at night for dessert only, we went up to get a table and were handed a pager, though we saw tables open throughout the restaurant. When we saw another party get seated right away, we went up and inquired, and they said "whoops!" and sat us. I have no idea how that happened, given we were standing right in front of them the whole time, but it was very irritating.
3	Food was bland. Ambiance was nice.
5	I love this place. I would eat here for breakfast every day if I could. It is just a happy, upbeat, fun place to be! The pop music in the background, the candy everywhere.. its like a nod to old school candy shops but its modern! Super cute, great menu, the food is worth the price, the dessert and drink menu has to been seen to believe. HUGE sundaes (10 scoop banana split anyone??).. big fish bowl cocktails with gummy worms... It is just as much a treat for the eyes as it is the tummy.Get the white chocolate bread with jam... yummmmmm
4	OH man. This place is a sweets lover's dream!!!I was drooling the second I walked into the store side. There are so many colors, everywhere. So many different types of candy and (overpriced) novelty items. They also have  cakes, cake pops, gelato, milkshakes and more that you can buy to eat. On the other side is their restaurant with a delicious looking menu. The bar is also there (because what Vegas establishment is complete without a bar?). They have sweets-themed alcoholic drinks.I got one birthday cake pop from the store side. It was just okay... I make better cake pops. Also, the girl who served me was pretty darn rude. I won't go into details but after receiving great service all over Vegas that was kind of a shocker.Then I got one "root beer float" alcoholic drink from the bar side. The bartender girl was REALLY nice, unlike the one on the store side! The drink was good but reeeeeally sweet so be aware of that. When they say it's going to be sweet they are definitely not lying!Overall a great experience. I'd like to try their milkshakes and some of their food!
1	Stopped by for dessert and coffee last night. We were told it would be a 20 min wait. We looked around the shop and then waited by the bar.  After 45 min and seeing groups walk in and be seated and groups that arrived after us be seated we left.  Horrible customer service!  We went to Serendipity 3 and had a great time.   I would not waste my time with The Sugar Factory!!
4	Someone recommended this restaurant/stor/bar to us as we were looking for a place to eat while walking the strip.  They have good, albeit a little overpriced food here.  So many desserts to choose from...lots of yummy crepe dishes.  We had a chicken crepe dish that was delish...along with an equally good berry honey creme brulee dessert crepe.  The candy store has lots of different candies and the restaurant sells these huge delicious looking drinks in massive goblets for like $36.00 that have candies and gummy sharks and other cool things inside.  You wil like this restaurant..definitely check it out.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  We ate here literally everyday. We would say let's eat somewhere else for brunch, but NOOOOO whenever we would walk by we would detour and walk back into the Sugar Factory.  Their food is AMAZING and priced well.  Very nice envrionment too and the staff is so nice.  Totally recommend you go to this one.  I love how it is underneath the Las Vegas Eiffel Tower...too cute.
3	Cool place to grab brunch with your girlfriends if you're on a budget but want to eat on the strip. My friends and I loved the windowless open air seating area without having to sit outside. I got the turkey burger with sweet potato fries for about $15 after tax and tip. The dish wasn't novel or anything but it tasted fine on the taste buds. The service was perfectly executed but nothing memorable. All in all, it's a good place to grab a bite if you want it quick and easy. Uhm...I didn't really look into the lollipop celebrities. Not my thing. At. All.
4	I always stop at the Sugar Factory when I'm in Vegas. I always have their vegetarian burger, one of my favorites. Drinks here are pretty great too!!Don't forget to have some chocolate fondue!!!
2	Very disappointing experience.  I went in looking for the red velvet brownie that others have reviewed. They changed vendors and no longer sell it. I had a $5 chocolate ganache brownie instead.  It was very dense and quite rich, but it was not very tasty. It reminded me of a Little Debbie brownie.  I ended up tossing half of it, and I never throw away brownies!  If you are looking for a really good brownie, I recommend the $2 Triple Chocolate Brownie from Earl of Sandwich next door at the Planet Hollywood over this brownie.
2	Ill stick with applebees!  They didn't have the table ready by our reservation time...food was nothing special...  Hostesses Courtney and Stephanie screwed up our reservation!!!  Our server Alan was great though and fun!!!  I give him 5 stars!!!
2	Okay so this review is only for the side that sells the Gelato, drinks and candy..not the restaurant.So I really don't get why this place is so popular....well besides the fact that it's endorsed and advertised by celebrities...it's basically a very super overpriced candy store. I don't want to offend anyone but really....lollipops with freakin bling on the stick for 20-25 dollars for one!? who in the right mind would buy a lollipop for 20 dollars!! and about 70 dollars for like three! besides that,  most of the other candy looks like they bought a bulk of candy  from costco or something and simply placed it in their own dispensers and are selling it for about 4-5 dollars a pound. It's like your regular sour heads, jelly bellies, sour gummies, gummies, etc etc etc I totally don't see anything special about this place...the only reason I was in here was for the gelato...now I was craving for ice cream/gelato - just something cold and sweet on 104 degree day and this was the closest place we were at that had gelato so decided to stop in here for a scoop. I ordered the lemon sorbet and surprisingly for about $4 they gave two generous scoops. It was just okay. Once again not quite sure why people would spend so much on regular candy....or the bling bling lollipop....but I can't judge the other side of this place since I didn't sit down for a meal at their restaurant...perhaps next time. However with all this said I guess I give them credit for attempting and not to mention succeeding to make a regular candy store more fancy than other candy stores at a mall....well i guess they are fancier than a candy store at the mall because they do have other desserts and pastries....like macaroons and cupcakes. However fancy mancy this place is....it's really just overpriced mediocre treats to me that are hyped up by celebrities and I am just not one to be so gullible  as to buy a 25 dollar lollipop. It's amazing what people would buy just because celebrities are eating it.
5	I am in love with the Sugar Factory. Vegas has so many amazing places to dine at and choose from, but our experience was so awesome on our first night in Vegas that we just had to come back for round two the next day. I don't know what they do to their burgers but they are simply delicious. The drinks and dessert are a big kids adult dream. LOL.. They literally have pieces of candy floating around in them, like root bear gummies in the root bear float and swedish fish in some of the cocktails. The service was quick on both nights and of course it didn't hurt to see some famous faces dining there as well. Will definately be coming back again on our next trip here.
1	This review is for the restaurant.... (*Though...I should add I merely stopped in front of this place one night, trying to get an idea of where I should head to next with my small group and was IMMEDIATELY told by the secuirty guard that if I'm not waiting for someone inside the store, I need to not be standing there. Seriously? I was a good 6 ft from the entrance.)The second I walked in, I knew I should have walked right out but I was with my MIL and husband and I didn't want to be difficult lol. The music in this place was pounding....and it was obnoxious, at best. The waiter was incredibly rude, as if we annoyed him just by being there. I could see him put on a fake smile each time he went up to his other tables and then he would make a face or roll his eyes as he was walking away! The food is so not worth the attitude! It was mediocre. Nothing special. I ordered a club sandwich, my husband ordered a burger and so did his mom. We were sick from this meal ALL NIGHT!!!
3	Too cute and too crowded, a few candies will do for now.  Have to try the Ice cream later.
2	Decided to stop here because it was easy to get to. The service was sub-par. We watched people that sat down after us get their food and drinks before us. Their food selection isn't that great and the food isn't very good either. However, their specialties alcoholic candy drinks were pretty good. They were of course pricey.
3	Cute place, decent food.  Overpriced for what you get, but that's to be expected with most places on the strip like this.  Definitely go for a drink and sit outside, maybe get something sweet to eat, and enjoy.
5	this place is awesome great food , great vibe , great everything!!!
4	Fun! Fun! Fun! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=B8CqppjOne8X4RSJ5KYOvQ(Lollipop Goblet)There's so much to do and try in Vegas... it seems like you can never get enough. Stopping at The Sugar Factory is a MUST! They have so many creative drinks and good food too!The Lollipop Goblet was equally sweet as it was powerful. The smokey effect was just awesome!The BBQ Chicken Pizza we ordered was yummy. Perfect complement to my candy-drink extravaganza! hahaNext time I'll try the Hubba Bubba Martini.
5	This was my second time going and it was a great experience both times.  We had a reservation and were seated immediately.  The food came out quickly and was delicious.  It's great for anytime of day and that's convenient because they're open 24 hours a day.
4	Loved the food and the yummy looking drinks and all the amazing desserts. The staff wasn't so friendly, which was a turn off but we enjoyed the variety of food they had to offer. It's something worth trying if it's your first time while in Vegas!! :)
4	Sitting under the misters on a patio on the Vegas strip, life is good!The well-known Sugar Factory has been visited by some of young Hollywood's hottest!  If you doubted that, then you didn't pay attention to the billboard size photos of celebs plastered all over the walls of the restaurant and candy store.We were seated on the patio where we could watch the confetti of people walk the strip.  Our waitress was very attentive and helpful with the drink menu!  The Sugar Factory is known for their punch bowl sized drinks which they call "goblets".  Many of them are adorned with dry ice and lots of alcohol (so they claim).  Naturally, we had to try one!  We decided on the "White Gummi".  I am more of a beer and wine girl, so the super sweet and sugary flavor of the white gummi was not my favorite.  I'm not trying to make myself sound like a lush but the next time I spend over $35 on a drink for two, I hope to scrape myself off the floor to get out of the door.  Not the case.  A very watered-down, weak version of what was advertised.  Not worth the price.We most definitely needed lunch so we chose to share the Americano pizza.  It tasted like an underdone frozen pizza.  Not worth what we paid for it.PROS:  Good service and sitting on the Vegas strip watching the crowds pass by.CONS:  Mediocre food and everything was overpriced (of course, it is Vegas).Not sure if I'll return?
5	If you want a sugar coma go here!  Loved it!  Had the apple pie pancakes which came topped with candied pecans, ice cream and whipped cream.  Ordered a cafe mocha, it was like drinking chocolate straight form the jar!  Plus they gave you a cookie with it, just what I needed more sweets :-)
4	I came here for dinner on a Saturday night so with the restaurant being on the strip & all, IT WILL BE BUSY. Our dinner was at 8:30pm, we didn't get seated till 9:30pm, ordered at 9:50pm and didn't finish everything till 11:30pm. It was ridiculously loud and crowded, our party had to talk over each other to hear ourselves. The place is nuts however but the food & dessert is great. Not saying I will never come back but maybe just not on weekends. I want to bring my hubby here for some cool desserts! A $99 sundae I saw in the menu! Nuts right?!! Lol But as for the candy shop. I'M SO IN LOVE!!!!!
1	I don't even know where to start but NEVER GO HERE!!!!  we made a reservation for 8pm and we did not get seated until almost 845pm. I went and spoke to the manager because the whole reason we made a reservation is so we could make sure we got to the club in time.  He assured me that we would be out on time.  :you have my word you guys will be out on time." we sat down the food and drinks were OK a but very over priced.  When the bill came they charged us for some crazy fee called C and F charge. When we asked the server he said he wasn't sure what it was and would get the manager.  The same manager that is spoke to earlier came over.  He asked him about the fee and he said it is a resort fee and that there was nothing he could do about it.  What a resort fee to eat in a restaurant.  I have lived in Vegas for 6 years and work in the industry and have never heard of such a thing.  I asked him to show me where it says that i will be charged this fee and he refused to be cause it was not stated any where.  he was extremely rude and unprofessional.  Then i asked him what time it was and he said i don't know.  I asked him if he could find out and he said know.  I asked him what happened to us being out on time and that we have your word.  He laughed in my face.  I have never seen anything like this in my life.  I asked him if he was laughing in my face and said no even thought i watched him.  He then put his hand in my face and said I'm done talking to you and walked away.  I have never had an experience like this in my entire life.  i will be writing to the people a little higher up the chain because this is completely not acceptable.  I would never spend a dollar here again.
4	Peanut Butter Blondie Brownie - FTW!!!Soft.Chewy.Moist.A little too buttery.Rich.I could eat 12 of them in 1 sitting.
4	Cinnamon Toast Crunch Martini.... YUM!With an amazing list of mixology gold you cant go wrong ordering a cocktail at this restaurant. from the Twinkie Martini to the Swedish Fish cocktail you will find something to quench your sweet tooth. For dinner i had the chicken Cesar salad. And as simple as this item is this salad was by far the best Caesar Ive ever had. The dressing was light and creamy with a hint of garlic. defiantly a fan! Whether your coming here for just a cocktail or an amazing experience for dinner I highly recommend this place. Why only 4 stars? I over heard a manager scolding an employee in front of many guests. That was not a nice thing to hear.
4	When it comes to sweets... this place rocks! I had heard of this place from a friend who is a big lolipop fan and just had to check it out while I was in Vegas. The staff was super friendly and helpfull in finding just the right treats to bring back for friends. They even have very bling bling sucker holders!My favorite buy... a t-shirt for my daughter with the picture of a scared sucker on it saying "I'm gonna get you Sucka!!!" Love it!Check it out if you're in vegas
3	Their chocolate martinis are delicious and a pretty good bargain if you come during happy hour (buy one get one free). Tomato Basil Pizza - pretty delicious! The crust is super thin. Nothing too special about this one.Mediterranean Chicken Pappardelle - Pretty large portion size considering how much they give for some of the other options. Again, pretty good but nothing special.Fried Macaroni & Cheese-Pops - Pricey for what you get...I think it was like $10 for 3 pops (aka 3 bites). The sauce was delicious though and it went well with my fries haha.Steak Frites - Meh. Had better. Decent size if you don't have much of an appetite. I would much rather get the steak from Mon Ami Gabi. Fries were delicious though.Overall, it was decent. I don't know if I'll be back again unless I want to get their martinis during happy hour. Which, by the way, is only valid at the bar area!
4	I love the endless amounts of sweets!  I would say that the sweets are definitely a lot better than the food, but that's not to say that the food isn't great either.Ambiance is really cool and different depending on where you are.  There's a cool back room area (entrance from the casino) that is really dark and goth looking - in a good way.  There's also the main restaurant that is really well-lit and connected to the sweets shop... Really the sweets shop is calling your name the whole time you are sitting in the main area.  In both rooms, I would say comfy chairs and a cool place to hang out.Sweets/Specialty drinks are definitely the factory's strong point.  If you can find a bunch of girls (b/c let's face it, what guy is going to drink a goblet of girly drink with you?), then opt for a goblet... They are really interesting tasting and sweet!  As far as sweets go, it's like a confection overload!!!  Cake, gelatto, cupcakes, macaroons, candy, specialty lollipops, etc... Such a fun place to browse!Pros:-AMBIANCE-Great specialty drinks/sweets-Easy to get a table-Entrances from both the strip and casinoCons:-Pricey
3	nice and fun place to experience.  I like the fact that this place is right off the strip and you can experience the water show from across the street.  I ordered one of their burgers.  It was ok but nothing too amazing.  The experience was cool.
5	the menu was nicely done we have the Rigatoni which was made very nice and this dish was plenty. The Shake was so hugh and very good.The desert was great 3 sundae. Will definite visit the place again
5	This has become a destination every time we go to Vegas now!
2	Extremely mediocre food that is not worth the price.  Two drinks, a sandwich, and a burger ran us $80, which I would be fine with if it were great - but I have had WAY better for less.  Just not worth the price.  I would consider sharing a desert here or having a drink, but skip the meals.
2	What can I say about a place with sub par food... I can say its a very happening place. Lots of people and of course by the name you would know it's a candy store and a restaurant. Drinks have that sugary theme you expect from a overprice las Vegas strip spot. I had a root beer float cocktail. Which was not bad, even had floating coco cola candy in it.Dinner: i had the steak and fries. For a place located in the Paris casino, I expected better.... I got sub par ... Steak was ok and fries sucked...... For 23 dollars.. I expect a little more...The girlfriend had the steak arugula salad... Steak was dry ,,.. Salad not memorable. ... Also  started with burger slider... Which was ok for a slider dish,,, presentation suck.... But ok in taste.... On saving grace. We had a great server named, Shane. Very attentive....I wouldn't recommend this resturant. Unless you want fusion sugary theme drinks or funky ice cream dishes.... It's Vegas after all... You got ton of other places to eat at.
1	Stopped here because a friend was really excited to experience it. Strike one: the waitress led us to a table that was being reserved by another waitress. They had a hissed exchange, while my party hovered near a bridal party. Awkward. Strike two: we had to share menus. The restaurant was not packed, and yet we were told there was a "menu shortage." Annoying. Strike three: we had to wait a really long time between ordering drinks and ordering food. Since we ordered one of the goblet drinks, with our water, we started getting sick to our stomachs before our food came. Strike four: the food came at different times. One of us ate and finished the soup portion of a soup & salad before the rest of us got anything. Once that first got her entree salad, the steak was not as she ordered it (medium rare vs bleeding) and had to be sent back. So she didn't eat until the rest of us were finished.I was staring at the man who appeared to be the manager and hoped he stopped by to ask us about our visit. The man who cleared our plates and refilled our drinks was really sweet though. I'm not sure if this place is used to dealing with inebriated folks who think it okay to wait a half hour for a tuna melt, or if the wait staff only cares when there is a celebrity present. But I would skip it if I were you.
5	There is nothing about this place I didn't like. Its adorable, clean and so delicious! I had such a wonderful time inside this store and its connected to the Paris hotel. Just take a quick wall through the bar in the back it will make you want to pass out for the perfection of chocolate overload smell...AWMAZING. The drinks are so delicious! When I think about Vegas I immediately think about the drinks I had at the restaurant. Almond Joy and Jolly Rancher. The drinks HONESTLY taste like the "foods" they are trying to taste like. We also had a Swedish Fish, These drinks are creepers, They will sneak up on you because you don't realize just how much alcohol they have in them!  if your a candy fan GO HERE FOR DRINKS 2 for 1 happy hour and share a fish bowl drink with a friend.. You'll  leave happy!
3	The Sugar Factory is in fact as the name implies, a place of sugar! Candy galore!! They have gelato and coffee as well. However, their stuff is pretty pricey. This specific location in front of Paris is open 24 hours while the others are not. They  also have couture candy pops, which seems like every up and coming, hip celebrity has one with their name. Celebs like the Kardashians, Britney Spears, Jersey Shore have one. There's even Hello Kitty and a Vegas themed one. Basically, they are blinged up candy holders for about $25... pretty pricey if you ask me. The refill pops are I think 3 for $12. Not sure how good those pops are as I didn't try them. The only thing I bought was a box of mints because it had my name on it. I didn't realize it was just a cheap sticker on the box and not actually embossed on until later. I would come here again to look at the stuff and possibly catch celeb sightings. One of the workers was very nice and told my friend and I about all the celebs he met while working there and  that they make appearances pretty often for signings at the Sugar Factory. As far as buying sweets, I think I will pass as it's just regular candy but overpriced. However, there is a restaurant side which I might try sometime.
2	What a bummer. The last time we came here we were BLOWN away. Last night I threw my shake away.Ordered the same thing as last time. It was a watery shake that tasted like berry-milk. The man behind the counter handed the shake (8$) to us with no whip cream or toppings...The things that make each shake special....He then said "we ran out outside, so I guess I can go inside to get it..."Duh! Not trying to be a snot, but when you are in vegas and paying vegas prices you should get what you order and it should be AWESOME.Won't be returning a third time.
3	This place is open 24 hours and is located outside in the Paris Hotel Casino. It very nice and the Ambiance is really nice and classy. Food is actually OK, but nothing special. The dessert are great though and actually cheap for the amount you get. I got the banana split and share it with two other people and we didn't finish it. Cost like $10 bucks or something. The Sugar Factory store however is over price. Mints and such are like $5-$8 for a small tin. It one of those place you should try once. It a fun place and has outside seating. Dessert and Drinks is what they known for.
5	It's a candy store! What's not to love? The brownies were yummy and very fulfilling after a looong walk on the strip. It's pricey, but hey it's Vegas. I didn't eat at the restaurant so I can't comment on it. But yeah this is fat girl(or boy) heaven.
4	A great place for desserts and all the little things. Sugar Factory offers a large variation of desserts and treat that EVERYONE can enjoy. Take a look around and may be choose to dine in. Happy Hour is available frm 4-7PM and their Goblets (Drinks) are 2 for 1!
3	The Sugar Factory located in front of the Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino.We were staying at the Paris and walking through the store I couldn't help but feel like....Yeah you know what..hehe! This review is for the store:Sugar! Sugar! Everywhere you look!*Couture Pops comes in different in styles,flavors and the price? Wow! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sugar-factory-las-vegas-2?select=PJTu7n1bVHEkKMoVqlRi-Q#3gBDnncV6T49-IcEsx2h_g*Assorted Soda Pop and Candy Apples http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sugar-factory-las-vegas-2?select=PJTu7n1bVHEkKMoVqlRi-Q#N_OB5m02pogCk6S8mW9Fsg*Jelly Belly Galore http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sugar-factory-las-vegas-2?select=PJTu7n1bVHEkKMoVqlRi-Q#O__iRt6GTEC4Vn7sT49uCw*Gelatos http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sugar-factory-las-vegas-2?select=PJTu7n1bVHEkKMoVqlRi-Q#92Nd2PSUfRAgYBKo-jzj2wSo many candies that my head is going to explode and my teeth are going to fall out!Great place to check out if you have a sweet tooth or just looking for some gifts.
4	The restaurant has great food and tons of sweet desserts to choose from.  If you are staying at Paris Casino, this is a good alternative option for breakfast or lunch.  The candy store that is connected to the restaurant is a typical candy store with little sweet treats everywhere.  If you are a Total Rewards members for the Harrah's casinos, you can use your comp points in both the restaurant and the candy store.
4	I admit, we didn't do the Sugar Factory the right way. We arrived after breakfast (ends at 1 PM), which meant no sugary french toast or pancakes, and we ended up with standard lunch food. The white pizza and french dip were good but I know that's not what the restaurant specializes in. We should have ordered sweets and next time I fully intend to do so.The dessert menu is substantial and several things looked good to me. The Smores crepe, apple pie waffle and dark chocolate fondue are all on my must-try list. Unfortunately, my boyfriend and I have completely opposite tastes in desserts so I'll have to return with a friend who would like to share. As is usual on the Strip, the food is a little pricey. Between $15 and $20 an entree.
5	We had the best meal at Sugar Factory! The place was packed but we were led to a table right away. Our server, Sherri, was very knowledge and helped us pick out the perfect meal. Sherri made a good experience into a great one.  Thank you so much!
4	Food was delicious! A bit pricey for the portion but the taste was worth it. The HUGE cocktail drink ($36 a pop) were pretty but too sweet for my taste with not enough punch. I'm sure its more of a novelty anyways. With so many places to try in Vegas I'm not sure if we'd go again......but for a special occasion or date night its the perfect place for dinner. We had an awesome view of the water show in front of the Bellagio.
2	I have yet to try out the restaurant, but for right now, this review is solely based on the candy store alone...the place isn't all that...just another ordinary looking candy store to me...dude wtf...25 dollars for a gourmet lollipop? what's so gourmet about it? it's just a lollipop with a blinged out lollipop stick...i was expecting a plethora of candy flavors, only to find out it's just the standard and ordinary...caramel, watermelon, chocolate.etc.I gave this place an additional star b/c there gelato was good haha...i just got the strawberry cheesecake gelato...nothing out of the ordinary, but the flavor was spot on...
2	We went with our kids last Friday for her birthday as she is a candy fanatic and even made reservations and let them know it was her birthday.  We were sorta hoping they would at least acknowledge the occasion but nope, just another table to handle.After getting water served, we had to wait 15 min for our server to take our order.  Then when he did, he didn't take drink orders and we had to track him down to order those.Food took about 20 min to serve and was ok.  I would put it in the same category as Cheesecake Factory but half the portion size. Nothing very special to make it stand out or special garnishments like candy to make it pop!Now I know it's the strip, but $15 for a burger or $18 for average pasta is a bit steep.  And $8 for a beer is too much.  Maybe just me.  The hardest one is the $36 specialty cocktail. Are you crazy?  Entire check for 7 was $250 and we didn't even order some of the more expensive items on the menu.  Apparently they forgot we've been in a recession.The one saving grace is that the desserts (2) were very tasty.  Back to the reason we were there, they didn't even offer a lollipop or nada for my daughter's birthday.Too many good places in town to go to,this wasn't one of them.  Given the options on the strip, I would stop off in the store and buy some candy, but eat somewhere that is a real restaurant where they focus on the guest and not the novelty of the theme.
1	Overpriced.My sister ordered sliders for $20-- the dish came with 3 or 4 tiny sliders and didn't even come with fries (for which they would have charged $7). I ordered the "Nutella" crepe which came with next to no Nutella. I realize regular chocolate sauce is cheaper, but for $13, c'mon, I would think I paid for a serving of Nutella. I'm disappointed and that says something because I'm not that hard to please when it comes to dessert. I think I'll stick with The Grand Luxe for my post clubbing munchies from now on.
5	This place is great! Love it! But the waitress we had did not want to be there! She was not what I thought the Sugar factory would hire she was not energetic and was rude! However the food was awesome!
4	My friend and I went here for my birthday. I don't remember much because I'm just remembering that I didn't leave a review lol. I can say that this place is over priced but the food is good. I believe we went to Pure immediately after. I had the BBQ chicken pizza which was sooo good. I love red onions with BBQ chicken. My friend had a pasta dish with mac & cheese balls. Heard no complaints from her but I believe we ordered something else but ended up not receiving it because the server gave us a red velvet cupcake on the house. Which was cool since it was my birthday and my friend just had her birthday a few days before me. I really wanted to try the drinks and couture pops but didn't  get a chance to. There's always next time but I don't like how romantic the vibe is. What do I look like going to Vegas with a male? Some vacation spots (to me) are places that you take your significant other... and then there are hot spots. When you are young, Vegas is a hot spot. So the fact that it was dim as hell annoyed me since I was dining with my female friend. The last thing that we wanted was a romantic dinner lol.
2	This was probably one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.  The food was okay, but the service was TERRIBLE!  It took 35 minutes to have our order taken.  We sat virtually ignored except our glasses of water until the waitress finally came over to see if we wanted to order.  Once the order was put in, we waited an hour for food to show up.  We asked after we'd been sitting for over an hour and the waitress said she would find out. When she came back she said it would be soon.  We asked why it had taken so long, and she said, "It's only been 45 minutes since I put it in." We replied, "But we've been waiting for almost 1.5 hours." She repeated that the order hadn't been in that long instead of apologizing and explaining the hold up.  The table next to us was then served (after waiting for ages) and she said, "They were here first...obviously." and then walked off.  We hadn't even said a word about the other table when she made that rude comment.At that point we went to the manager to complain.  He apologized and about 15 minutes later it was obvious our waitress had been spoken to. She said, "I'm sorry for the wait and we'd like to offer free dessert. should I bring you a chocolate fondue?"  We said no and we would like to figure out our own dessert. She made another rude comment at that point. Something like, "you *don't* want the fondue.  Fine." One person in our party couldn't partake because it had taken so long to get her one side order that she then had to leave to make another engagement.  It also took another 15 minutes to get our check and we tried flagging down anyone.  They avoided making eye contact so they did not have to come over.  Like i said in the beginning, the food was pretty good but I've had lots of pretty good food without the 1) super long wait and 2) crazy rude waitress.  I have to imagine that working at the Sugar Factory on the Strip in Las Vegas is a pretty lucrative gig for a waiter.  If they treat other customers this way they won't make any money in tips and the restaurant will suffer.I would suggest going anywhere else but this place.  Serendipity gets great reviews and it is right across the street. Go there (or anywhere else) instead.  Save yourself the trip.
2	Wow how the mighty have fallen!!They changed their whole menu...which is a very BAD BAD thing. This place is always busy and typically has a wait to sit. My FIRST inclination that something was wrong was when we walked right in and there were empty tables. We sat down right away.  Second warning sign: There were no cupcakes nor cakes in the pastry display fridges [located right when you walk in]. Third warning, new drinks on the first few pages of the menu--which actually did look good, but I should've stopped collaborated and listened at this point.There is no more lunch crepes on the menu [that was the best thing going for them in my humble opinion] AND they stop serving breakfast promptly at 11 am [EPIC FAIL].  We came for breakfast, got there at 11:20 am, and had to be even told by the hostess we aren't serving breakfast any more.  Table next to us with 8 people tried to order breakfast too. No dice!  Service was very slow, we weren't even greeted by the waitress for 10 mins, busboy came over to our table who we thought was going to take our drink order...instead he stole our sugar container and ran off placing it on another table. no kidding....After looking at the menu for what seemed like an eternity b/c nothing really jumped out at us we ordered a Chinese Chicken Salad and a Turkey BLT. HOW FREAKING BORING. it was that bad.  Bread on the Turkey BLT was good it was supposed to be served with an herb mayo that I asked for on the side. I got regular mayo and therefore my sandwich was rather dry and very blah.  I upgraded for $2.00 to tater tots [even though on the menu listed under side they are the same price as the fries] and thank God I did b/c that was the best part of my meal.Now I look at webpages and copy all day long so I find inconsistencies fairly quickly, it's a talent what can I say.  They have a 'late night menu' where if you order chicken and waffles it's $19.95 BUT if you order that same meal during the day the price is $20.95????? hmmmmmm Did they not even proofread this menu before they started???I also keep a word document on my computer of places to eat and not eat in Vegas b/c so many of my friends come into town it's just easier. This place has moved on that document from to eat to avoid.boo you guys boo
3	I am not sure how some people could drink one of the fishbowl drinks by themselves, but I am sure they do. Sugar Factory lives up to its name and their drinks are similar to drinking syrup. If that was not enough, it is then garnished with lollipops and candy.As a destination spot to get a drink to share, it was a fun experience. After we left, all of us had the same teeth rotting ache.
5	Been here more times than I can count (well at least more times than my Yelp app has said I have) and every time it's great! I love the staff here, all the way from their hostess' to their bartenders to their waiters! All good people and want to make you smile. I find that I make my way here usually after the suns down and my feet are tired and I just sweat off 20 lbs and really want to get it back, so I usually order the steak salad or one of their great burgers, top it off with a milkshake or a tart or one of their F-n great sundaes! They also make a nice Gin Martini - make my dirty with a twist please. For something RIGHT ON THE STRIP and not having to go into the casino it's pretty sweet, theres a nice feel between the PH and Paris with their outside restaurants, only other place I find that is at Caesar's and it's Serendipity 3.... hm, I sense a theme between the Caesar's Entertainment/Harrahs Family planning that makes successes... In any case, great food, great people, papa john- .... I mean Sugar factory... I knew that sounded familiar....Enjoy!
4	expensive but the food is great and the drinks are awesome and different
1	Short Version: It took 1 hour and 20 minutes to get asparagus... Service sucked, and the asparagus was ehh OK. Details ( I HOPE THE MANAGER READS THIS, AS FEEDBACK IS GOOD TO LEARN FROM)--Our party chose Sugar Factory over Serendipity (right across the street) because Sugar Factory took a reservation...   Sadly, it was a terrible choice. The main reason we came here was for the dessert, but we did want a few small things before dessert.  There were 5 of us, and it took over 30 minutes for the waitress to come take our order.  And that was after we flagged her down to take it.  FYI-- it wasn't that crowded in the restaurant. There were lots of open tables. Between the 5 of us we ordered: One Entree (Burger)  Two. Appetizers (3 itty bitty sliders & brochette),Two Sides (Asparagus and Tater Tots.  Not that ordering 5 entrees, would give them a reason for slow service, but we ordered simple food. I had 1.5 hours to be at the restaurant, and thought that would be fine considering we had reservations.   After waiting so long for our food, we asked the waitress where our order was, and she replied "Well, you should be soon, I'll check.  They (pointing to the table next to us) just got theirs and they were before you, obviously."   Uhh... well, there goes 5% of your tip, obviously. ;)So we asked again where our food was, and the waitress was very defensive when we told her we've been at the restaurant for over an hour.  She said "Well it hasn't been an hour since you ordered your food"   She was rude, and I wanted to tell her it shouldn't have taken 35 minutes to get our orders. Well- One hour at 20 minutes later my asparagus came out, I had to scarf it down.    Someone in my party complained to the manager, and it was obvious the message was relayed to the waitress.   She came over again, after we flagged her down, saying we wanted dessert.  And she replied "yes, sorry, I think my manager wants to comp  chocolate fondue.."     I know none of them were looking at the fondue, so they did not get that.   They all said their dessert was "OK".   Wish I could have tried the dessert!  But I will not be back.  Service was that bad.
2	Came in a huge group to eat dinner, it was disappointing. We had a prefix menu with chicken strips, pizza, pasta, burgers... Don't eat the burger! Blah!Pizza was the best out of everything but not worth what we paid.We ordered drinks too, which were sugary (of course) but had too little alcohol, we even tried sending one back and our waiter just ignored us :( Won't be back here again.
2	I get that I'm in Vegas when visiting the Sugar Factory, but why in the heck is everything so gd expensive...it's candy people!  I guess if you are one of those people that likes to be where celebrities have been and by the same stuff they do, they you might die to go here, but I'm just not buying into it.  We did order a milkshake, $9 later, and was good for 1 sip and then talk about a diabetic shock.  I think I'll skip this next time along with those damn fountains across the street.
2	We went around 5pm on a weekday and even though it was not super busy we barely saw our waitress. They burned our pizza and didn't tell us they were remaking it until my husband went to see why it was taking 30 minutes for a thin crust pizza. Manager nor waitress were apologetic. The Mac & Cheese pops are now little triangles, which were pretty good. Remade pizza was burnt also but we just ate around it. They used to have a case full of cupcakes and treats in the shop connected to the bistro, but when we went the case was bare. :( Where did they go?? Do they only have treats on the weekends? Even the store looked sad, like they weren't stocked on stuff. I had been in there when it opened and it seems to have lost it's luster.
3	Meh. After all the rave I thought it would be amazing but not really. We ordered the cookie sundae and it was good, but not spectacular. To be honest I was really disappointed that there wasn't more chocolate options. The cookie one was the best we could do.  I'll pass next time.
4	Candy, fruity drinks and fun inside Paris Las Vegas.  Get the $36 goblet of your choice but be sure to eat some food because they are strong drinks!
3	The candy shop is pretty cool to look around, but I came to Sugar Factory for the drinks!  It is Vegas, after all.  Sugar factory has happy hour monday-friday and the drinks are BOGO.  Since the drinks are pretty pricey, I'd recommend coming during happy hour only.  The happy hour is only in the bar area, so I'd say try to come when it starts to guarantee a spot.  If you're coming to drink, the goblets ($36) look pretty cool/fun; it's 36 ounces and they use dry ice to make it bubble and steam.  If you just want a couple of smaller drinks, it's $14 a drink.  I tried out:-Rootbeer float: It's very creamy and very sweet; if you like root beer floats, you should like this alcoholic version.  It comes with a bunch of gummy candies as well.  It was definitely a fun drink to try.-Swedish fish: this drink strangely tasted just like a swedish fish gummy candy.  Unfortunately, this was way to sweet for my boyfriend and I.  After taking a few sips, we asked for it to be watered down with some club soda, and it was still very sweet.  For those who love sweets, this may be for you.  But even the bartender admitted that it was super sweet.Service is alright; not great, and not horrible.  I'd say that this place is worth checking out if you're looking for a sweet "girly" drink.
5	After a hungover Las vegas night, the eggs benedict gave me everything I needed to seize the rest of the day and do it all over again. Considering how crowded it was I was surprised at how fast our food came out. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal so 5 stars from me!
4	On my last day in Vegas, we had to stop at the Sugar Factory. I love sugar. This is sugar heaven. There are 3 parts to this place - the restaurant, the bar, and the candy shop. We came during lunch so I didn't get to see the bar in full force, but it looks like it would be a cool place to come to at night for a drink.Speaking of drinks...the drinks here are freaking awesome. I've never seen anything like it. For $36 you can get a  huge fish bowl (comes in a variety of flavors) that can be shared with probably 3 people. The presentation is what makes it - the dry ice is a really nice touch. Pricey, yes. But it's something different. They also have smaller drinks in all different candy flavors for a little less.The menu here is not super extensive - it's your normal American food (burgers, pasta, etc). I got pasta, and my co-worker got a burger. Both were very good and filling. I really didn't think the prices for the food were bad at all. Every person's plate looked like it had something delicious on it. I didn't try the desserts, but they had some HUGE and really yummy things that would definitely be worth trying (and sharing)! For instance, that have about 5 different kinds of fondue. Our server was also very nice, prompt, and helpful.The candy shop is very cool as well - they have a plethora of candies and chocolates to choose from, as well as gelato. I didn't purchase anything (most of it I could get back at home), but it was fun to look at. They also let you sample (if you ask). I would recommend coming here, it was fun!
4	Just went in for an appetizer and dessert. The spinach artichoke dip was yummy. The desserts are huge, definitely meant for sharing. The red velvet sundae was divine and the vanilla brulee crepe did not disappoint. And it's always open. Great service and a nice decor as well!
4	Good sized portions, quick service, overall good experience.
5	Every time I come to Las Vegas I HAVE to eat here at least once! There are soo many options for breakfast, lunch, dinner, desserts, and drinks that you can't get bored of this menu! I love that their portions are rather big and can be shared. The prices for the food items are actually pretty reasonable. I want to write about each and every item I've tried here but that would probably result in pages and pages of description, so I'll just talk about my favorites. I love the mediterranean salad. The ratio of vegetables to dressing was perfect! I also love their tomato garlic pasta.I love the goblets. Though they are pricy, they are so cool and fun. Great to share with friends. I was stuck drinking one by myself because my friends didn't want to drink, so yeah I was the only one buzzing and eventually the only one drunk at dinner (kinda embarrassing, but whatever).I have yet to try their desserts (which is sad because they always look amazing, but I'm always too stuffed to even look at the menu), but one day I'll come only for dessert.
4	The gummy candies here tasted really fresh.
2	Talk about indifferent service.  The food was OK, the ambiance was OK, if a little frenetic.  The service was so generic as to be insulting.  The price was inflated ala Vegas.On the plus side, the Sugar Factory is open 24 hours/day, so if you're hungry after gambling or clubbing 'til 4am, it's a sure thing.
5	Yummy!! Food is inexpensive and quick!
1	Terrible. We went on a Saturday night after a show and the place was basically empty. It took forever to get waited on and when we finally ordered drinks it took forever for ONE to arrive because she forgot what my husband ordered. The bruschetta was diced tomato on hard bread. We never saw our waitress after the appetizer was dropped off and we sat for at least 20 minutes with empty plates before we asked for a manager, who took 10 minutes to show up.  When we told him of our displeasure, he practically argued with us. Ultimately he comped us, but what a terrible end to our evening.
2	The food was okay, I don't know what the hype was about this place. I mean it's kind of cool they never close and the decor was neat but food was not good, drinks on the other hand were pretty good. Desserts were just freaking large, def. have to share if you order. I really love the desserts at Serendipity a lot more but that's just me. ;-)
3	I'm updated my old review because this place was very disappointing during my second visit.First off, it was obnoxiously loud inside the building. It makes an auction sound like a funeral in comparison. However, this is acceptable because it is on the Strip after all. If you can, sit outside because it is less noisy and you also get a better view of the fountain show.The food was an abomination this time around. I had the Signature Burger and the Fettuccine Carbonara. It was hard labor trying to eat the burger. The bread was stiff as if it was frozen and defrosted a few minutes earlier. For a venue called "Sugar" Factory the food was too salty. I don't know if they add dashes of salt on top of the bacon and beef patty, but it's overkill. The fries are like substitute slices of cardboard. I had McDonalds fries that tastes 3 times better, hands down any day of the week. The Fettuccine noodles were undercooked, extremely chewy, and did not saturate the sauce whatsoever. After a while, the hot plate eventually softened the pasta which made the Fettuccine taste acceptable, but disappointing regardless. Again, it was too salty.If anything, stick strictly to the dessert. Sitting on the patio enjoying a sundae may be a good experience, but trying to enjoy a lunch or dinner and you are in for a bad surprise.
3	In my opinion, everything seems overpriced compared to any other "candy" shop. I know it should be expected at the strip, but it was high enough for me to go to somewhere else. However, I will give this place 3 stars because the variety in comparison to the other Sugar Factory's is tremendous.
4	Update: Did get a chance to try their gelatos. Tried the strawberry cheesecake gelato, as rated by another Yelp reviewer. It definitely did not disappoint. I originally rated this place a 3, but am upgrading to a 4 because of the gelato.Original:Interesting quirk decor. What's with all the black and red? Doesn't match the candy factory persona! Friendly staff. My family and I stopped by for lunch-- ordered fried Mac and Cheese, Angus sliders, chicken fettuccine, a factory burger and a bacon and artichoke pizza. We were late for brunch and were pressed for time so we were unable to get dessert.Downsides: long wait for food, and most of the food was just okay. Very expensive! All the food we ordered came out to around $90, and that's without drinks and dessert!Upsides: The fried Mac and Cheese and bacon pizza were the highlights. The tomato basil dip was tasty, and the pizza was light and not too greasy. Definitely gave me my carb fix.Would I go here again? Maybe not for the normal food fare, but I'll come back next time and try their desserts.
5	Somehow within all the hustle and bustle on the strip I never noticed Sugar Factory, it must have been the sensory overload. Now that I am aware of this place, I will be back on my next trip. In fact over the weekend I visited this place not once but twice. One would think when passing by that it's only a candy store but one would be wrong. Half of the building is in fact a candy store while the other half is made up of a restaurant, bar and chocolate lounge. A celebrity hotspot, this place is worth a trip for anyone looking to feel like a kid again. Our first trip we reserved a table in the restaurant. Overwhelmed by the variety of sugary concoctions we looked to our server for help. He made the perfect recommendations and so we started with the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Martini and the Hubba Bubba Martini. The Reese's arrived with a peanut butter rim and chocolate powdered top while the Hubba Bubba was presented with a pop rocks rim and bubble gum garnish. Both were incredible, a big thank you to the server for starting the meal off with a bang. Next it was time to decide on the food, to start he recommended the Fried Mac & Cheese which were to die for. I had to swat the other half's hand as he almost finished the plate while I was conversing with the server...you gotta watch him sometimes! Next it was time to order some entrees, the menu items were fairly simple so we went with the Filet Mignon (Do you see a reoccurring pattern here?) and the Fettuccini Alfredo. Along with our meal we sampled our next round of liquid sugar heaven the Cotton Candy Cosmopolitan and the Blow Pop Martini. I am immediately taken back to the sixth grade, walking alongside my mother at the supermarket begging her for a dollar to buy some blow pops and airheads. Next up was dessert, the various options were tempting and as much as I wanted to dive in I refrained. The server suggested one of their famous Goblets instead of ordering dessert, go ahead twist my arm. After reviewing eight different options we decided on the White Gummi; a blend of gummi worms, gummi worms and more gummi worms thrown in with some dry ice and rum. Now we're talking...wow! Sensory overload and a full on sugar high are in full effect as we leave, what a fun experience.
3	The Chicken & Waffles were very good.  However, the waffles would have been good without the chicken.  The waffles were very flavorful; however the chicken was thin and dry.  Next time i'll just have the waffles.
1	First off, beware that this restaurant charges a 3.5% "Concession Fee" (It shows up as CNF on your bill) that they DO NOT TELL YOU ABOUT IN ADVANCE.  The staff (and even one manager) will try to tell you that it is a resort fee related to the hotel, but it is not, since Paris Las Vegas is pretty clear about the fact that they do not charge resort fees.  Rather, it's just a way for the restaurant to bilk unsuspecting customers out of even more money on top of the already inflated Strip prices.As for the food, it would be deserving of three stars if it cost the same amount as the same items do at Denny's.  The burger was oversalted, the Mac & Cheese "burger" doesn't even include a burger, and the fries would be embarrassing for McDonald's.  Strip pricing is to be expected, but $16+ for mediocre at best food is unacceptable, even on the Strip.The one "high" point--and the reason the restaurant really does deserve the one star I am giving them--is the drinks.  At $36, they seem pricey, but a 36oz goblet is a lot of drink, so it's not outrageous.  They are garnished with fun candy, and the presentation with dry ice that makes the whole drink bubble and smoke is quite fun.  Coming at happy hour for the BOGO special in the bar area would actually be quite a good deal.  (Unfortunately, the non-goblet martinis and cocktails are still overpriced--even for the Strip--so stick with the goblets; split one if you need to.) Sadly, Sugar Factory falls into that category of tourist trap on the Strip and, with so many other fantastic and similarly-priced offerings nearby, is one to avoid.(It's also worth noting that they have an F from the Better Business Bureau.  I am not the only one who takes exception to the CNF charge, apparently!)
1	All I wanted was an omelete with no cheese. I had to send the first one back cause I well, wanted an omelete without cheese and it came to my table with cheese. So, 15 minutes later, a new omelete showed up. With cheese. I sent it back. How fucking hard is it? Is there some irresistable urge for the cocksucker chef to absolutely fuck up something as simple as an omelete twice? Eggs, sausage, bacon. That's it asshole, nothing else. I can show ya, its easy. I've done it a million times. Fuck this place.
1	Bad first experience at the sugar factory. I've heard before that the food was great so my mom and I gave it a shot the first night we were in Vegas. Well turned out that I got food poisoning from the hamburger I ate and our 3 day trip turned into a one day trip. I will never eat here ever again.
2	After having five wonderful experiences with Sugar Factory in Las Vegas, I have to write a negative review. The new chef and existing owners have decided to chop the menu, removing many favorite items, and to stop serving many of the popular breakfast items at 11am. For a Vegas restaurant, this doesn't make much sense. It is clear that the menu is focused on flavor as the existing items are still wonderful, but the changes are not welcome, in my opinion. I found that the owners are changing the name, soon, so perhaps the store isn't working anymore. Sad.
3	Went here for a late-night dessert run on Christmas Eve 2012.The good:Wait staff was very friendly and nice.Great location on the strip.Cozy but lively atmostphere.Serving both dessert and dinner was a plus.The not-so-good:Very expensive for a dessert joint, even by Vegas standards. Cost would've been easier to swallow had the dessert and food been more tasty.Very limited dessert menu.Order was slow to arrive despite the approximately only half full-house.
1	If I could put 0 stars, I would.I'm pissed:1. The wait was ridiculous. Which is understandable because its LasVegas, but it shouldn't take an 1hr 20mins to get some damn fondue2. Most of the dessert menu items are inaccurate. None of the Ice cream waffles had icecream unless you add 1 scoop of icecream for $3 a scoop. But all of the pictures of the waffles had icecream on them.  So the menus needed to be updated.3.The Vanilla Bread and Red Velvet cake that came with Fondue were old and dry. 4. When we got the check, we were charged twice for 1 scoop of icecream on the ice cream waffles. After explaining the situation to the manager, he made up a reason for the double charge but eventually took it off. But that's it.5. The server was rude, and after talking to the manager about the waffle debacle, she became offended  and threw the bill at us. (When we were gonna give her a tip because her service wasn't that bad) Overall, I'm never coming here again. Worst experience for a dessert-type restaurant. The only reason why this place gets attraction is because many celebrities have been there. But this is Vegas... celebrities have been everywhere, it's nothing special.
1	When you leave a restaurant unsatisfied you leave a 2 star review, but when you leave pissed it's an automatic one star. Unfortunately, I was a bit pissed when I left. The first few times I visited Sugar Factory were great experiences, the service was quick and the desserts were delicious so I felt it would be a great place to end my night with some friends. I was dead wrong.I didn't catch my hosts name but she was kind and courteous, definitely a good start. Alas, my waitress was nowhere near as kind. She didn't seem very happy about serving us nor did she care about any of the questions we had. She didn't tell me that the menu had been shortened and instead made me feel like I was making up names of desserts I've had there in the past. Apparently the ice cream waffles don't come with any ice cream (they changed it without any notice or warning on the menu, big no-no) so I agreed to add another 3 dollars for a pathetic scoop of ice cream on my $15 waffles, whatever. The food took at least 50 minutes to arrive, which is completely unreasonable, plus the waitress didn't come by to check on us or let us know our food would take this long.As if that wasn't enough, when our desserts came out they were terrible. The ice cream and bananas on my waffles were the only edible parts of my tragic ice cream waffle ensemble. The waffles themselves were much smaller than they used to have and were a bit old and stale. My friends fondue was disappointing at best seeing as how I could find fresher brownies and pieces of cake in the back alley of Albertsons bakery section. To top it all off, the waitress charged me $18 for my $15 waffles and another $3 for the scoop of ice cream. It was now time to call the manager, who made up a reason as to why they were charging me extra but eventually waived the "pathetic scoop of ice cream" fee. $3 is not a big deal, but it's the principle of the matter, I'm sure you'll agree. At this point I thought we were past the worst of our experience but the waitress decided to prove me wrong by SNATCHING the bill out of my friends hand and SLAMMING it on the table when she returned. She walked off without a word. I will not be returning here and I suggest the chef sample some of his food before sending it out. Long story short, if you're a mindless tourist and you know nothing about good service or food, please visit the Sugar Factory, get screwed on the bill, and leave a great review. Locals aren't fooled as easily.
1	This was my first and last visit to this establishment. The wait time for the desserts as well as the quality of the desserts were terrible. However these problems alone do not warrant a 1 star review, it was the extremely rude waitress and the oblivious manager that tipped me over the edge. To start things off, they charged my friend an additional $3 to add ice cream to this $15 banana split waffles which cannot be called banana split waffles unless it comes with ice cream.At the end of our disappointing meal we looked over the bill and realized that the $15 waffles now cost $18 dollars with an additional $3 dollars for the ice cream. This is when we asked for the manager who told us "yeah sometimes the prices go up because its after midnight and its new years eve..." this was obviously a made up excuse seeing as how there are no signs or warnings posted of this alleged price increase. He later let us know that we were mistakenly charged $18 for the $15 dollar waffles and he promptly provided us with a new bill (which still included the $3 fee for ice cream that, according to the menu, is supposed to come with the dessert)The waitress then decided to put a cherry on top of our less than satisfactory evening by grabbing the bill out of my hand and slamming it on our table when she was done with it. Up until that moment she was getting a nice tip but i guess she doesn't know how many people would love to have her job instead of being unemployed. As a restaurant owner i suggest the manager learn to do anything in his power to ensure a happy customer. Without hesitation he should have waived the ridiculous ice cream fee seeing as how THEY CANT BE BANANA SPLIT WAFFLES IF THERES NO ICE CREAM.On a brighter note, the hostess who greeted us at the door was great!For tourists who dont really care about food service or quality, I guess this would be an ok place to visit, but for locals who won't put up with terrible service, I suggest you find somewhere else to spend your money.
5	Delicious lemon tart, passion fruit, and Nutella cake! This place satisfied my sweet tooth this holiday season :)
3	The wait can get ridiculous, but my past 3 experiences have been really great! Our hostess was super and our waiters were super!I must mention that I've only been here for lunch and have ordered the frozen hot chocolate which IMO is better then Serendipities :X Don't hate me!The food is subpar- It's Vegas so you expect to pay a bundle, but for the amount of food you get it's kinda on the pricier end of the spectrum. Food is a lot better then I expected though!Taking one star away because the outdoor seating could have been constructed a little better. There isn't much room to walk so you'll constantly get bummed by a customer or the staff. Also, the awning really needs to be longer to shade the whole patio during the summer. It's way to hot to be outside and in the blistering sun.
3	Candy Store visit only..we did not eat at the restaurant....thank goodness after reading the reviews.  If you want to purchase a 20.00+ Couture Pop- lollipop...this is your store.  It really is a fun store and it's over priced, but again you are in Vegas on the Blvd.  I have a couple of friends who are so hard to buy for...so purchasing over the price goodie bag or lollipop is unique and not something one would receive every occasion.  Anyhow, we had a great time looking around, they do have some cute items and unique.  Definitely a girlie store....enjoy!
2	I went to Vegas for my bachlorette party in early December and my maid of honor made reservations for this place for dinner (because of recommendations and the meh not so bad star ratings on yelp) I have to say this was a MAJOR disappointment! The menu sounds way more promising then the actual food and that's my biggest complaint. I ordered a steak salad that was written on the menu as having arugula lettuce, parmesean cheese, the works... this salad had romaine lettuce and steak, THATS IT everything was overpriced for what it was and the pasta one of my friends ordered was cooked barely al dente, I think it was borderline undercooked... The service was okay and because it was a dinner before us going out none of us wanted to spoil it by making a big ol' stink over the food.. we just paid our bill and left I have to say that places like this is probably on the same food level as a TGIF Friday's (and I think there's better entrees at Friday's at that!) The only perk here are the desserts and the fun looking drinks. This is definitely NOT a dinner place I wish they would just stick to what they're good at, it was such a fail for what it promises. I didn't heed warnings from others but if you're reading this just come back for desert no sense in making your dinner plans here!
3	I came here to try their Tipsy bon bons (or truffles... I'm not sure what they are since they were called both by the employee) I ordered a Coconut and a Mint, and they were pretty darn good. They have cake in the middle, and sit on a crunchy cookie. They're 3.50$ each though, which is way more than they are worth, but if you are looking to splurge on something sweet then so be it.
5	omg if you go to Las Vegas, you have to go check this place out. I think it's the Paris Hotel property, because they have an entrance from inside Paris Hotel and one from the street. I can not tell enough about their crepes. It just melts in your mouth. Please try them if you're visiting Las Vegas. I promise you won't regret it.
2	Over priced candy, I don't get it. The girls were very nice and helpful.
1	If I made you wait the duration we waited between our order and our food ... you would quickly move to the next review. Better yet ... another place all together. Now add super loud techno and dance music ... plus uncomfortable chairs ... and you have Sugar Factory.My girlfriend and I were high on life looking for a view of the fountains plus a few treats so we stopped here. We were sad we did. We felt ignored at first ... but place our order tempted by the yummy menu. We waited for almost 20 min and one item showed up. The food was actually good so we waited for the next item. After some time passed we flagged our waiter and mentioned the loooong wait ...  plus asked for some water. He assured us things were on there way.What happened next was just comedy. A second waiter showed up with two empty glasses. No water ... no food ... More waiting.We eventually got water and our food ... but the chocolate fondue was served cold. We complained ... and our waiter said thats just how its surved.High prices, Non existant service, hit and miss food ... BOO! Check the trends ... this place is trending down. Dont waste your time or money.
4	Exciting atmosphere, food and service is good,  definitely a place to go a few times to experience all they have to offer.
2	One of my over medium eggs came out with broken and completely dried yokes. The crepe was very tough and stale. Stake was fair. Food was disappointing overall.
4	Late night menu is no longer a full menu; it is limited with a few hot entrees like omelets, chicken fingers, pasta and burgers (but no more savory crepes!!) while most of the other items on the late night menu being desserts like sweet crepes, waffles, frozen hot chocolate drinks, milkshakes, etc.  HOWEVER, the menu being limited on the savory side aint bothering me much at all because I come here for just one single purpose: Desserts baby!  The new Red Velvet Cake milkshake is made with chunks of red velvet cakes and cream cheese icing in a pink-colored milkshake, which definitely looks cute and tastes good!  For birthdays or other celebrations, I would suggest the "KING KONG SUNDAE!" (Please see photos)  For $49.95, the sundae is humongous like good enough for at least 10-12 people to share and finish up all those cookies, candies, waffle cones, scoops and scoops of ice cream, and other sweet goodies!  So, while you are in Vegas, just dont worry about counting the calories, Ladies!!  You want to have fun stuffing your face on sweets, dont you? *wink*
4	Can we just move me in here? I would be happy for life. I love sweets, and sugar factory is the heaven of sweet lovers.Easy to access location, and nice setup. One side features all the candy, non alcoholic drinks, and purchaseable items, and the other side is the actual restaurant. Lets start with the candy side. SF features s huge variety of candy. They have a ton of bins and dispencers that you can select whatever you desire from. Most of these items are priced on weight. Aside from this, they sell a variety of other candies, including chocolates, lollipops, gift sets, etc. They also sell cute shirts, pants, and other miscellaneous items. The restaurant side features a variety of yummy dishes and they are open 24 hrs. For breakfast the Nutella pancakes are amazing (You can't really fail with Nutella) They also have a lunch, dinner, and late night menu featuring everything from soups and salads to steaks and chicken fingers. My favorite thing at the restaurant though is the drinks.  My faves are the Reece's Martinez, Carmel macchiato martini and lollipop passion. Overall, I love SF. Sometimes it's gets on the pricey side but it's well worth it.
3	Food not so great but oh man the drinks are the best in town!!!
4	pretty cool drinks and good food! Was craving breakfast, but got there a few minutes after 12pm and had to stick with their regular menu( breakfast is served 6am to 11am, which doesn't make any sense in Vegas, but oh well, i am not the one to judge:) and a candy store in front of the restaurant - amazing:))
5	I loved this place! I saw this place when it was being built a few years ago so I added it to my list of places to go to the next time I was on this side of the strip. It's not only a candy store though, it's also a fun restaurant. I had the pizza and tried the chicken strips. Both were good. I'm not usually a fan of chicken, but their's was really good. It was not too cheap, but it's on the strip, so it was expected. We sat at a table inside near the doors at the front entrance. We had a nice view of the Bellagio, which I enjoyed. We had a wheelchair with us and they were very accommodating. You can get inside by going in through Paris hotel and going in through the bar. The service was good. We got everything very quickly, even without ordering drinks, which I find to be rare. We were one of the only groups in there in the middle of the day during a busy time. The atmosphere was nice. I really liked the look of the restaurant. Their drinks were even themed. This is a fun place to go if yo enjoy
3	Not worth the price of the drinks!  No happy hour while we were here, total disappointment. Haven't eaten here but would not come back for a $15 martini when you can go into the Paris hotel and get 2 for 1 martinis at the same time.
5	Spent Valentines Day here--for dinner. Nothing fancy here but very nice experience for us on the patio watching the Bellagio water show across the street. Had a blue cheese burger and it was delish. Our server was very good, considering he was outrageously busy.
5	Crepe's, burgers, candy, coffee, croisant breakfast sandwhich, I love this place and am going to have my daughers birthday party there.  It's cheery fun and it still have great service the staff and polite friendly and professional.  I am so glad they built this establishment.  Willy Wonka's sister I would call Sugar Factory.
5	First time coming here. Had a huge drink with gummy worms in it. Sorry forgot the name. Shared a fondue with friends and the red velvet sundae. Omg everything was oh so good. We only got dessert. Sugar overload! But man did we all enjoy it! Pretty pricey but nice to go out once in a while. I forgot our waitress's name but she was great.  I will be returning when I I'm craving something sweet. I stay away from sugar as much as possible but I will visiting every couple of months now. Yum!
2	I went late at night for the convenience that it was open 24/7. The service was a bit poor as it took about twenty minutes to flag down a waiter before water was brought. The restaurant wasn't crowded; the waiters continuously walked past us without checking-in or taking an order. A banana split was ordered, and the portion was on the large size. I prefer Serendipity's "coward portion" of the banana split, and it has a better presentation at Serendipity's, too. I would go here again if I happen to be up needing ice cream after midnight, but beyond that I'll stick to other places.
3	overrated, service was bad, food was just okay, nothing memorable.  Chocolate Fondue was amazing
3	As my nickname is Sugar, of course we had to stop here.  Now I've got Sugar Factory gear, just because.  Ha!We had lunch here after luxuriating in the water midsts outside.  It wasn't a memorable experience, but the food and treats were good.
1	Horrible service. Not enough dinner ware. Waited forever food and service. Prices are insane. Biggest gripe: Didn't even get my cocktail. Disappointment!
5	Came here for my for dinner with my favorite ladies. It was excellent! The decor, ambience, food and service were all great. To start, I got the Ocean Blue Goblet. They make the Goblets right at your table and add dry ice to it, looks so awesome! The Ocean Blue Goblet has little gummy sharks in it and is made with Hypnotic, Blueberry Schnapps, Stoli Blueberry Vodka and Bacardi Razz. It's delicious! I highly recommend it!The prices are a little high for some menu items, but the portions are generous. For dinner I got a burger with fries. It was a good size and had great flavor. My mom got a salad, which she said was delicious, but it was so big that she couldn't even finish it. After dinner we checked out the candy shoppe. While all the candies are super cute, I just couldn't bring myself to pay the prices they were charging for simple candies, so I didn't get anything there.I would recommend dining here next time your in Vegas! At the very least try one of the Goblets!
5	Love this location! Everyone's friendly. Lollipop passion if you're getting any of the drinks.
1	This place sucks!!!  Waited for 20 min before we had to flag down service and the food was just ok.  Would not waste my time.or money here. ...beware!!
2	I went after 11pm, so only the late night menu was available. The pickings are very slim!The drinks really grab your attention in the fish bowls, but are $36 for only a 24oz drink. Keep that in mind! To me, Sugar Factory does not have food that stands out. It is very middle of the road, large corporate cafe style food. This may be different for the deserts though! No bathrooms in the restaurant either - you'll have to go in the casino.
1	This place is EXTREMELY overpriced. I got Sierra Mist and it came in this tiny short cup which I thought was cute until I saw they charged me 4 dollars for it!! For food I ordered the spicy shrimp. The price was $21.00 which I thought was a lot but I imagined the plate would be huge and it would be delicious. Even if something is expensive, if its delicious then it's okay. When they brought out my plate I almost thought it was a joke. Or that it was a sample of something try we're giving out. The portion of food I got was so tiny. There was also nothing spicy about the dish at all. That's the reason I ordered it. I love spicy food. When I got close to the bottom of the plate there was like a pool of water and everything tasted super watery then. This was a giant waste of money. My friend got a hamburger and she said it was good but a normal looking hamburger for 18 dollars?! I rather go to McDonald's. we also went to the candy shop they have and my friend ordered some ice cream in a small cup. I honestly thought their "large" cup was the "small" because it was small. When I saw my friend get her ice cream I thought it was a sample but that was her ice cream! It was super tiny. Oh and it was 5 bucks. Never coming here again.
4	Sugar Factory is a wonderfully unique experience. The atmosphere is youthful and elegant making an average day seem extra special. The portions are quite large, and the service was excellent.  had the classic bacon crepe and it was really good. Not the best but good. Your best bet would be what the rest of my party had. The breakfast pizza was delicious and fun, red velvet pancakes were absolutely sinful, and best of all were the classic pancake stack with dark chocolate for you to drizzle on top. My only complaint would be that they charge you for water. I like water in addition to my mimosa and am offended that I'm charged $2 for flat water. It's not about the money...it's the principle. Overall I highly recommend Sugar Factory.
2	How do you screw up a crepe? I didn't even think it was possible, because at its worst, a crepe is still a really flat pancake stuffed with goodies. Sugar Factory, however, screwed this one up big time. We dined here our last trip to Vegas, and I remember my hubby's fried chicken was cold and bloody on the inside. Yeah, that bad.  Every place is worth at least a second chance, right?They screwed this one up too!!!I ordered the Smores crepe, which was advertised as a crepe stuffed with dark chocolate, white chocolate, graham cracker crumbs, and marshmallows, topped with much of the same, and whipped cream.  What was served to me was a cold, flavorless crepe, stuffed with those very same items, but completely cold.  The chocolate pieces were just like the baking wafers: round, and meant to be melted.  Melted, they were NOT! Not a single ingredient on that plate was served as it should be, except for the whipped cream.  Imagine cutting into a soft crepe, only to find it ice cold, and stuffed with a bunch of hard pieces of cut up chocolate bars and a few marshmallows.  Such a bad, bad job.  Epic fail at around $14.We had 2 of their signature cocktails, which if you like the super sugary kind, then you'll like these. Me? Too much going on.  We did order the spinach artichoke dip to start and it was standard bar food dip.  Nothing special.  We always seem to end up here because they are one of the only places that stays open all night.  In Vegas you would think those places are everywhere, but when you're craving dessert other than the standard offerings at the 24 hr cafe, this place sounds perfect.  Well it's 0 for 2 for us.  I guess that's a sign.
1	Truly mediocre filet mignon, which was either tough or served with a blunt steak knife. The steak was a struggle to cut but it took so long to arrive that I didn't dare send it back!This may be my 50+ years, but the music was pulsating and very loud, like nearly every restaurant on the Strip. Mercifully, I ate alone because conversation would have been impossible. Wait staff and manager very nice and accommodating. Too bad for them that the food is not very good.
2	Horrible. HORRIBLE! I understand that there is a market for kitsch restaurants in touristy cities. I get it! I am a tourist in Las Vegas and I came here. But for the love of God, even if it is touristy and kitsch - it can still be GOOD! We came here before we had a night out on the town and I ordered a very simple Cobb salad and Bob ordered a french dip. Okay, I know that there are different interpretations of Cobb salads, but I do believe that they all contain more than lettuce. My salad was a bowl of warm romaine with 1 piece of chicken that cost $24. What the heck people!? Bob's french dip was oily with tough meat and no taste. Don't worry though, it only cost $28. This was one of the worst meals that I can remember eating in quite some time. Probably to rival Moe's clam chowder in Portland. Maybe they think that you'll be so drunk that you don't notice? Well, I did. Do yourself a favor, go somewhere else, literally ANYWHERE else and you will get better food than here. The only reason I am not giving this 1 star (or 0 stars) is that the drinks were good. Definitely not worth the price - but boozy and tasty. Good grief! I know that there are better places than this, why can't the tourists get some good food too?!
3	Ate here the first night of our trip. The menu in my opinion isn't anything spectacular but if you have a big group of people it would be nice because it really have something for everyone.  Very basic stuff like sandwiches, salads basically american cuisine.The drink we ordered was delicious.  It was white gummy something or other. I can't remember the exact name but it was really good and it also came out in this giant goblet.  They put dry ice at the bottom of the glass so it came out pouring over with smoke so it was pretty cool.  Would I come here for a romantic dinner, probably not? would I come here with a group of friends looking for an interesting drink and some decent food? yes probably.
3	My boyfriend and I were here for his friend's wedding. After our flight landed and we checked in to our subpar hotel, we decided to venture down the strip for something to eat. I love sweets and that afternoon, I had an insatiable sweet tooth that had to be dealt with. When I saw this place, I HAD to go in. What's more, the ENTIRE Miss America contestants were here. ;-) Anyway..We both shared this ridiculously huge sundae with chocolate chip cookies and all the works. It was good. It wasn't earth shatteringly amazing though.  Perusing the menu, I noticed how ridiculously expensive everything was. After reading reviews on here, I've decided not to ever order a non-dessert item. Given the prices, I'd rather spend my money somewhere else when it comes to dinner. Yes, I know prices on the strip are high. Doesn't mean I have to like em'.  I'm under the assumption that this is a place to go just for a sweet tooth. We liked the sundae and will might be back when in Vegas. Just not for dinner.
1	Nice place to eat been there a few times but now they charge you $2 for a glass of water, I'm not a cheap person but that's ridiculous!   It's the same water the rest of the Paris hotel serves for free. I will not be going again
1	The food is overpriced and bland. The burger is tasteless, waiter was off doing her own thing, very unattentive. Only thing I've enjoyed was the pizza, it was just ok. The entire experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
5	A good place to stop by to get a bit buzzed before heading home.  Not too noisy, perfect place to share their giant goblet with your friend or friends.  You get a good amt of alcohol for the buck. It's like 9 shots in one.  We saw 4 guys sharing one goblet, hahaha, but it's Vegas.  Party as you please
3	I've always walked by this tourist trap outside of Paris, but never ventured in.  I figured Sugar Factory is like a more MTV version of Serendipity 3.  I was kind of right...Obviously expect to pay a little more for things here because it's on the strip.  I had a wonderful mint ice cream sundae but it was $15.  Sure It's not like Baskin Robins could do it as well, but I'm not going to run back here at that price.According to our waiter they are now having a live DJ on Friday/Saturday's which explained why it was as loud as a nightclub and I could barely here my group or the waiter. If you are looking for a large, tasty dessert after dinner, this is a really good place to go, but expect to pay over $10 (even if you just buy a bag of candy in the store portion).
4	Tons of $20 lollipops if that's your thing... and they give free samples of their gelato! That was more my thing haha. Particularly liked the banana option.... yum!
2	Went there only for dessert and had to pay a mandatory $2 per person filtered water fee. We shared a waffle banana split with one extra scoop of ice cream and our bill was $25. It was pretty good but way overpriced which is the reason for the 2 stars especially when service was mediocre at best.
2	Went for breakfast.  Had the pancake stack, left disappointed.
4	Took my lil sister here for her birthday last week and it was so good! They aren't a ton of places in Vegas, that would be fun for an under 21 y/o's birthday--but this place was perfect. I wanted her to be able to watch the Bellagio water show, while enjoying dinner, and if you're on the patio, you get just that. MAJOR bonus, it only took us 20 minutes to get seated (Compared to the 1.5 hours the french place quoted us). We shared the fried Mac-n-chesse appatizer (about 8 dollars). It's nothing like you're expecting. The already butter drenched, cheese, and starch dish we know and love, is then rolled up breaded and deep fried. It was okay. But the marinara sauce or whatever came with it was DELICIOUS. I wish i could just take the sauce home with me. I also had the green salad (really good!) spring lettuce, candied apples, blue cheese, +other toppings and a balsamic vinaigrette. (about 10 dollars)My sister had the fettuccine Alfredo dish with chicken, good also! (about 18 dollars)Would I come here again? Only if I got seated on the patio. Then it's well worth the price!
1	If you like incredibly overpriced mediocre food with a slacker waiting staff then this is the place for you.  Its places like this that make the vegas strip look bad and/or ridiculous.  A coke is $5, bottled water is $7 and tap water is $2.  $18 for a chicken caesar salad on which the chicken is pre-frozen cubes that you can find at Kroger.  They couldnt even get our fries right which were way overcooked and hard...the cook and waiter had to have seen this, but they just dont care...and why would they when people filter through the restaurant all day due to its convenient location on the strip.  avoid this place at all costs...the food is not very good and the prices are absurd for what you get. the $7 dollar bottles of domestic beer are the icing on the cake.
3	The Sugar Factory is a fun little candy store and restaurant located at the Paris Hotel Casino and Resort on the Las Vegas Strip.  The restaurant is open 24/7 offering American breakfast, lunch and dinner meals along with endless decadent desserts, including specialized candy mixed drinks.  We were fortunate to grab a table by their large picture window facing The Bellagio Hotel where we could watch their water beautiful fountains dance for us every fifteen minutes.  My daughter really enjoyed that.I ordered a cobb salad, which seemed pretty standard with romaine lettuce, roasted chicken, tomatoes, bacon and egg topped with blue cheese dressing.  It was an average sized salad, but nothing worth the hefty $16.95 price tag.  My sour apple blow pop martini with Three Olives Bubble Gum Vodka and Apple Pucker Liquer garnished with bubble gum pop rocks complete with a sour apple blow pop originally sounded very fun and interesting on paper, but once I took a sip of it I realized that it was much too sweet (and sour) for my palette.  I would have much rather have ordered my simple, standard dirty martini, but wanted to try a candy drink since it seemed to be one of their specialty drinks.  Along with that drink came another hefty $16.00 price tag.There were four in our party that evening, so it is safe to say that our tab sky rocketed pretty quickly with our meals and plethora of mixed drinks.All in all a fun place to experience at least once, but I'm not sure if we'll be coming out of our way to eat here the next time that we're in town.
3	Waiter gets our order wrong then acts annoyed at us about it? Hmmm... For an establishment at a nice Vegas casino.. They sure don't set the bar very high for their staff... The milkshake gets 5 stars though... Although I don't think I'd return
3	In need of a cold sweet 'adult' treat upon our arrival into Vegas we ended up at the Sugar Factory. We ordered the Reese's Martini and the Sexual Chocolate cocktail. I liked that the rim of the Reese's Martini was lined with peanut butter, but I wish they would of then rolled it in Reese's crumbs. That would of taken this drink to the next level of deliciousness. I was pleasantly surprised by the Sexual Chocolate cocktail, it was richer and creamier than I expected. We're these drinks by themselves worth $14 a piece? No, but the atmosphere right on the Strip, helped to stomach the price. Now the thing that isn't worth the price is their water policy. They don't serve tap water. It's either bottled still or sparkling for $2 (unlimited refills). In a city with such a dry, hot climate combined with dehydrated and most likely hungover tourists, I think this is a dangerous and inconsiderate policy.
5	NOT just a candy store!  This place serves a FULL menu, and puts candy in their drinks. LITERALLY, their drinks taste like candy.Even though the music was WAY TOO LOUD, and they charge you for TAP water ($2 a glass), and the food is mediocre, and it's full of young drunk people, my preschooler and baby LOVED it.  Which is why it's A+ in my book.I wish I came up with this restaurant idea.
4	Pancakes were bomb.  Red Velvet pancakes were good...but man - it was like eating cupcakes for breakfast.  I think I developed 2 cavities in the hour I spent there...
3	I am the Maid of Honor for my best friend's wedding and the 3 of us bridesmaids decided this would be a fun, nice place to host the bridal shower. I made a reservation over 2 months ago for 11 people for Saturday the 27th at 1:45 pm. When we showed up to decorate the table at 1:45 we were told it wasn't ready yet. It wasn't until 2:05 that the table was ready. 20 minutes late when we had a reservation which I wrote very specific directions on is unacceptable. Once we were seated, we had exactly 10 minutes to put up our decorations before the bride would be there. The staff did not offer to help or even apologize for their mistake. The waiter was ok. He left several dirty cups and plates on the table for several periods of time. At one point we had to ask someone else to remove our dirty plates so that we had room for presents. That should NEVER have happened. The food was pretty good. Some of us had lunch others had desserts. One sundae was made wrong and rather than offer to bring the guest a new one, he brought out more fudge (she didn't want strawberry at all and her sundae was covered in strawberry). It was gross and she didn't eat it, but of course we were still charged the full $14. When it came time to pay the bill our waiter was nowhere to be found for at least a half hour. I sent several other staff members looking for him. When he finally showed up he claimed he had walked past our table several times checking to see if we needed anything. This most certainly never happened because all 11 of us were on the look out for him. The ambiance of the restaurant was nice and it was very clean. The staff could have been a little nicer and accommodating, especially since there was a 22% gratuity automatically included in the bill. I did NOT think they deserved that much. I would have given 15% and thought that was being generous. I will not recommend this place to anyone. We are locals to Las Vegas as well.
2	The food was really not great I'm sorry to say. I'm not speaking for the drinks because I've heard they are amazing, but the food was really bland- we ordered what our waiter recommended and it was really tasteless. I hate reading reviews when people say the food is tasteless because I think it can be really unfair but really... the mac and cheese was SO BLAND and for me, that's REALLY hard to mess up! Had some bbq pizza and that was really just so-so. I felt like I've had better frozen pizza- pretty sure that pizza very well COULD have been frozen. Just try the drinks, I hear they are really delicious, I intended on trying them but ran out of money surprise surprise! They have happy hour there with 2 for 1 drinks... the drinks are $36 a pop but friends have said they're well worth it... wish I could tell you for myself though (reached my limit for the day by the time I got there really late at night :/ )
5	WOW! The Sugar Factory has ridiculously good vegetarian food! If you are a vegetarian and you hate the Las Vegas strip then you will probably like SF. I ate here once with family expecting that I would have to choke down what passes for "Vegetarian Fare" in Vegas. By that, I mean a salad and maybe some pasta. To my delight they did have actual veggie food on the menu and not just something minus the chicken.Then we made excuses to go back every time there was a chance for the rest of the visit. I just couldn't get my fill of their veggie burgers. It was amazing every time, even when we got take out and ate it in the room, all cold and alone... and anti-social.I also enjoyed the candy store and the general atmosphere, the colors are so appealing. I'm a girl so bright colors and shiny things are pleasing to me. As are awesome vegetarian burgers, which you will also find at the Sugar Factory.
2	Worst service I've had in a very long time. We were a group of 4 around 8pm. Seated immediately which was nice! Waitress didn't check on us for 15 minutes, and didn't get us water for another 10. Long, very long, story short they are slow as molasses here. Maybe I could have forgiven them if their food wasn't on par with Applebee's, but no such luck.
4	Oh My Sweetness! I stopped by the Sugar Factory a lot during my visit to Las Vegas. The Sugar Factory is conveniently located on the LV strip. I instantly became a fan of the dessert selection at Sugar Factory. I was overwhelmed by the choices. I treated myself to gelato every time I visited the Sugar Factory. The gelato was the perfect cooling off treat for the Vegas heat. The staff lets you sample different gelatos. I mixed different gelato flavors, very tasty. I purchased two candy apples to take back to Virginia with me. The candy apples were delicious. I like how the candy apple did not lack toppings. I will try the full menu(food) at Sugar Factory on my next visit to Las Vegas. Sugar Factory is a great choice to fulfill your sweet tooth needs on the Las Vegas strip.
4	My girlfriend took me here for my birthday. The food was pretty good with generous portions. Not too pricey for Vegas. The real highlight was there over the top candy themed drinks! They had pretty good DJ as well. Open 24 hours! Overall a great place to eat.
4	Went out for dessert here last night and had a great time. Star breakdown - Our waitress, Summer, was great, 5 stars for her :-) Husband ordered a mint sundae which he is still raving about today, so 5 stars. I got the chocolate fondue which was hit and miss. I would say 3 stars. White chocolate dip was crazy good, the fruit (banana and strawberries) were the tastiest to dip in the chocolate. Rice Krispy treats dipped were yummy, but I didn't like the bread or brownie things that came with it.  We waited about 25 minutes to sit outside, but it was totally worth it to watch the tourists and the Bellagio fountains. 5 starsMusic (DJ) was LOUD!  I loved it, but I am sure it would bug some people. I worry about the hearing loss for the employees, lol.We don't do the touristy strip stuff very often, but we really enjoyed dessert at the Sugar Factory and I would definitely take family or friends when they are in town.
2	Seems like another previously great establishment is sliding down the wrong path.  I've been here a number of times over the years and this was the first time I noticed some bad changes.  First off, service here is always lack luster.  The wait staff have that hectic look and tone but the place was empty.  They need to smile more.  I know its hard when most of your clientele are tourists who can be on the obnoxious side (especially here in Vegas), but its your job to help the patrons have a good time.  Next the food and beverage.  Why are you charging $2 for tap water?  And why do you have to tell patrons that there is no sharing of tap water?  This is so ghetto.  Not sure who thought that policy was a good idea but its bad form, especially in a hot desert, to charge for something that people take for granted as being provided free of charge.  Then my meal, which I have ordered before was the same price but not the same quality.  I ordered the arugula steak salad and this used to come with fine cuts of meat cooked just right over a bed of greens with an ample helping of artichoke hearts and parmesan cheese shavings.  It now comes with cubes of lower quality meat, one artichoke heart, and one shaving of parmesan.  Then there is this fine print on the menu and a mysterious charge that appears on your check running 3.5% of the bill (as I recall).  Asked the waiter what this is and he said the casino charges them a concession fee, so they are passing it on to us.  Nice - real smooth.  If that really is going on just work it into the price of the beverages - after all they are the most price elastic to consumers, and in Vegas, most people are drinking those big expensive drinks anyhow.  Don't be so obvious.  Tourists probably wont notice all the cost cutting and gouging they're doing because they come here once and never return.  Of course some businesses in Vegas rely on that business model to give you bad food and bad service without any consequences. If you're going to sock it to me, do it in more creative, less obvious ways so I don't feel like I'm being taken advantage of.  On the plus side, my daughters both wanted a cup of soup, but they only serve bowls (too big for little girls).  Based on all of the above I was thinking there was no way they were going to break this down and do the right thing for too sweet little girls, but they surprised me and did.  They brought out the serving of soup in two little bowls just the right size for my girls.  Good job.
4	I was here 2 years ago and was not disappointed by the red velvet pancakes.  However, I was weary to go back this trip given some of the poor reviews it's received recently.  I decided to bite the bullet and, again, was not disappointed by the Eggs Benedict.  The service was great and we were seated immediately, though it was before the breakfast rush (9:30ish). My only complaint is the prices.  For 2 Blood Mary's, an Eggs Benedict, a breakfast pizza, and tip it was over $60.
1	We were looking for a late night meal after clubbing. The last thing we wanted was another club. But this place has an identity crisis and forgot that they are a restaurant and decided to hire a DJ and a go-go dancer. Me thinks this was too much. It got even worst when a female patron decided to join the go-go dancer and proceeded to pull a Britney and flash everyone. Club sandwich? No thanks, I seem to have lost my appetite.The food was salty overall, but given the menu options, not that surprising. The waiter was fine. $2 a person for the tap water you bottled, not cool.
3	The deep blue goblet was awesome. The drink is poured at your table and it starts bubbling and gives off a smoky eerie effect which was so cool. The drink was delicious as well but dangerous because it was so easy to drink. The triple chocolate blakout sundae was delicious. Not as sweet that I though it would be so that was a plus. The down side was the service. Our waiter was helpful but my drink was forgotten. When the other server brought out the dishes he was clueless as to where it went. Being that its a restaurant, you should have your sections marked on the orders and the staff should know what table is what. I also expected a little bit more variety since its the "sugar" factory.
2	I was very excited to eat at this location, but quite disappointed upon leaving.- The items that I wanted to eat are only served after midnight and before noon.- Simple ice water (luke-warm tap water in a glass bottle) costs $2 per person, and doesn't include ice. This may lead one to believe that the establishment is too classy for it's own good, so I inquired about a lemonade. To my dismay, the lemonade is served from a soda fountain - not fresh.- Sugar Factory Salad with Chicken was nearly $20, but the quality was more in line with a $10 salad.- Service was friendly, but lacked attentiveness- View of the Bellagio was delightful and the saving grace of the dinner experience.Management will make a lot of money from tourists, but it's not local-friendly.
1	Do not bother going to this place. They charge you for water ($2.00) and just for the privilege of sitting there ($2.50).  The food was not very good either. I will never return.
2	The Sugar Factory in the Miracle Mile shops was not all sweet like it was supposed to be.  I ordered the chocolate, marshmellow, waffle cone milkshake that was posted on the column next to the ice cream case.  At first I had to wait about 5-10mins until someone of age could get into the fridge to get the milk behind the bar.  Then once someone of age finally showed up to get the milk, my milkshake was made.  The only thing was, is that it did not match the photo on the column.  No waffle cone bits, no hot fudge drizzle.  So I handed it back to the employee making it and asked them to make it look like the picture.  They added the waffle cone, but had run out of the sweet hot fudge.  I then had to leave the hot fudge behind and go for the next best thing carmel topping.  Don't get me wrong the milkshake was good, it just didn't look like or have the exact toppings as the picture they portrayed on the column.
1	Stick to the candy shop.. not the restaurant!We came here for lunch, slightly hungover from clubbing the day before.. hoping to rejuvenate ourselves with a wonderful meal. Here's a few reasons why I would never come here again:-They charge $2 for water for each person. Not even iced and it tastes like tap water.-Their sweet and sugary goblets are around $36! And it's 80% ice! I guess it's cool that it gets all smoky and magical. But I'm glad we split this among the group or I would've thrown a fit.-I ordered a burger (don't remember the name since its not memorable), and it was super duper bland. I drowned that thing in a pool of ketchup each time I took a bite, which I consider really bad. And usually when I'm hungover, EVERYTHING tastes good, right? But not this burger.-My friends mostly agreed with the blandness of the food. The soups they ordered were mediocre. Service wasn't that great. If you're gonna pay this much, you're better off going to a buffet.
1	Absolutely shocked by this restaurant's water policy! I have done a lot of traveling and never have I been to a restaurant, until this one, that will NOT give their customers a glass of water without charging $2! We bought dinner and pricey cocktails and still could not get a free glass of water! This is so not acceptable and if it's not illegal, it sure is unethical. Will someone please explain how they are able to get away with this unfair act! And by the way, it was 103 outside! Anyone can go to McDonald's or Starbucks and get free water, but a restaurant that charges $36 for cocktails, can charge you $2 for water! What has our society become?
4	Overpriced treats and drinks, nonetheless, not bad if you want that SUGARy experience. A lot of their sweets make great gifts to take home, if you had that kind of money of course. $25 blingy lollipop type of money. hahaOK OK I NEED they have white fudge, milk chocolate, dark chocolate clodhoppers -- a treat I could only get in Canada at one point. Coolness factor just went up like zingers!!!
2	I came here once before and it was great, got a sundae which was massive and a very expensive but cute drink. This time I went though it was awful.I took my Grandma here for her 88th birthday because she loves ice cream and the last time she loved the banana split that came in the gigantic boat enough to feed five, and had been bragging about it to my parents. We had an awful waitress with the most smug disposition who barely spoke and just wanted to get our orders out of the way. I ordered my Gma the banana split from her without chocolate and nuts because she cant eat those, and tge waitress looked so irritated with us... and i dont know if it was because we changed it somehow but the sundae came for us in a little bowl with a few scoops and a dot of cream with the toppings on the side. It was nothing like the fun sundae we got last time, there was nothing fun about it, and my grandma definitely noticed. She kept pointing out every sundae boat that walked by saying hers wasnt like last time. We were all going to split it but since it was so much smaller only two split it and the rest of us didnt get dessert. Loved it the first time, but I guess if you come for dessert it depends on what kind of mood your waitress is in and your luck whether you will get what you ordered. I would have asked for a reason on the sundae skimp if she ever came back before it was gone.
3	The restaurant doesn't seem worth it as the Goblets alone are worth the trip. Be warned its pricey all the way around.I'd say stick to the bar and skip the food as what was served on our plates wasn't worth it... But the Goblets are something to not miss!
5	The food was crap but the goblet alcoholic drinks, even at $30 a pop, were worth it!My date took me there.  He's not a big drinker, and watching him stumble all over the place was awesome!I took advantage of him later on.  Gotta love a guy with a sweet tooth and low alcohol tolerance.  This is the place for them.
1	And by one star mean no stars!  Mediocre ice cream, it's cold and icy, but lacks in creamy deliciousness. The "bottled water" is simply tap water in a reused bottle. Total rip off.
2	Everything is just, meh. I expected a lot more, and for it to be a lot better. Stuff just looks bedazzled, cheaply I might add. Poor presentation as well. The employees need to pick one unifying outfit and stick to it for the night.Would I be back, I doubt it. I'd rather venture to great individual shops, rather than get everything (which in this case, isn't much) and one, just okay, shop.
1	Terrible service, food, drinks and ambiance. It's like the Kardashian show but FAR worse; with food. Way to ruin someones 50th. 20 minutes for drinks which were a 1/4 full. 45 for food, pre-cooked (like Tyson slices!) Chicken Cesar Salad  disgusting. The most bland unflavored soups that would but Campbells on Ramsays top list. So sad this "empire" has.such terrible.chefs and PR.
3	A good, but not great, place to eat a lunch.Every time I've been here its been for the Vegas equivalent of a lunch (either you didn't get around in time for Breakfast or you didn't have Breakfast and got really hungry at noon).  This year I had the Blue Cheese/Bacon burger and I believe my friend had a lighter sandwich of some kind (I believe it was the BLT), we both had water to drink.  The burger and fries really hit the spot and they sat us outdoors which was a nice spot to people watch.I've never had a dinner here and it is open 24 hours (which is good for anyone who wants late night eating).  The candy store portion is...over priced, never purchased anything from there.
2	Great Desserts but watch out for the fees. Why charge? Because they can! Water costs 2 bucks and that is guaranteed straight from the tap placed in a decanter. Absurd! Secondly, look at the charge just below tax on the bill. There is a secondary resort type fee for eating at this place. When I inquired I got the following response: "We are not part of Paris so we have to pay rent to Paris". Why not put this into the price of F&B? Why charge me a separate tax on top of everything else for your rent to Paris? The only saving grace is the desert. I will not be going here again, instead trying Max Brenners
5	Goblets upon goblets upon goblets of goodness - I was dying to try one! I was so psyched up, but disappointed when I could only finish half because I had already had more than my fill of liquor for the day. How lame!We tried the white gummy goblet. Oh so large, and oh so sweet and delicious. Ours didn't look as colorful as the picture (it was only pink on the bottom) but I was still happy!And bonus! They let you keep the goblet! I can't think of a better Vegas souvenir! Sure beats those cheap plastic yardsticks they give you everywhere else. I'm going to make my own imitation goblet drinks at home now, yay!
1	We decided to leave as the restaurant charges $2 for water and absolutely refuses to provide regular complimentary tap water as is the norm in virtually every other American restaurant. We were a party of 5, which means we would have been on the hook for $10 prior to even ordering from their overpriced menu.
3	On the plus side they offer a great menu selection, and they are a prime (if not one of the most prime) locations on the strip. The downfall, I'm just not sure I'm sold on the actual food here. Also an UPCHARGE to swap out canadian bacon for regular bacon on an eggs benedict? Only in Vegas, and only at Sugar Factory. Our waitress was pretty snotty, and not friendly at all. About 10 waiters came by to clear my plate before I was done, and for the first time in my life eggs benedict made my hangover worse. Not my favorite.
2	Meh.I stopped in here to enjoy some sweets and drinks for someones 30th birthday.Truth. The drinks are very tasty! As are the desserts. I was actually surprised at how big mine was! Location is nice tooWould I make it a point to go back? Nope. Not at all. Here's why...I understand this is Vegas, and DJ club music is all around, but why do I have to hear it at almost deafening levels in the dining room? Additionally, it's fairly dark in there too. I guess that adds to the, 'ambiance.' Service was very slow. Not to mention the server didn't look like he enjoyed his job. He was not friendly, didn't stop by much, and just didn't seem to care. It's not like the place was even full. The desserts and drinks were slow to come out as well. It was an hour and a half ordeal to order and receive two drinks, two desserts, and pay.The upcharges. What? I have to pay for water? We're in the middle of the desert, in summer, and I have to pay you 2$ for water? (which im fairly certain is tap water) Per person. F that. If it wasn't for the Birthday (and the fact I had a red-eye flight 3 hours later), I would have ditched.If you want to stop here to check the place out. Ok, sure. I wouldn't waste my money here again though. It's better spent elsewhere.
1	The food was ok, not great. I mistakenly assumed that for $36 The goblet was included, and that was my fault. Although we were able to purchase it for an additonal $14, we politely declined.  We came here expecting to pay Vegas prices. The $2 water charge was one thing, but when I ordered two chocolate milks for my six and three year old daughters and saw the bill for $6.49 EACH!  That's not even Vegas prices, that's just CRAZY!  I will never go back to this place again.
3	My review is for the location located inside the mall connected to PH. Was craving something sweet and opted for the ice cream here. The stuff was legit! Very good and tasted much better than the stuff at your local grocery store. You might be thinking, what's the bad?I'm not a stickler but the price fluctuated for the exact same thing (I went on two consecutive days) The first night was cheaper and the second day was more expensive. I'm thinking the girl at the counter charged me more because I wasn't flirting with her. $8 or $9 bucks for a double scoop & cone: No biggie but for that, I'd like one of the girls there to spoon-feed it to me. Perhaps an idea the company could consider
1	What a HUGE disappointment. Loud beyond belief.Lousy service. Food was just okay. Vegas has so many better places to offer - both on the strip and the small local joints off the beaten path.
4	We had just finished lunch and we heard about this place as a place that had candy-related alcoholic drinks. So we had to try it out. All their drinks are named after candies and taste just like them. We tried the blowpop and bublegum. And they were good! We wanted to try the white gummi that's served in a goblet, but it was kind of pricy and you don't get to keep the glass. Those drinks served in goblets do have dry ice, so the effects of that are cool with the drinks. This was a great place to try!
1	Sorry - group of 11 and we're offered water for $2 a person and no tap water? BS. The wait service at the bar was extremely slow and although its not the wait staff's fault, the policies of the restaurant are totally bogus. You come to Vegas for the experience and high end service and to be told no tap water available is totally uncalled for.The food was on the same scale as maybe Applebee's but also priced at that point. I would avidly recommend you avoid this place - it's a novelty at best.
2	We only went to the store not the restaurant due to the bad reviews I felt like it was pointless to try the restaurant out since there was a super long wait.The store has tons of candy and candy related products but nothing I HAD to buy that was different that you couldn't get at any other candy store except for maybe the $20 and up jewel sucker holders which I bought ages ago when I went to a smaller store of theres in a different location.I guess they had cupcakes and maybe other desserts but the display case was pretty bare and sad looking.For some reason I did leave with 2 cute magnets for my fridge....everything else about the store bored me, I'm sure kids like it though.
4	I lied in my last review. I said I wouldn't come here again, but I did. There are only a handful of good places that rest right on top of the strip for viewing. So we came back one Saturday for lunch to get a sandwich and people watch. I was more than impressed once I came back.The service since my 2nd visit (and I've been about 12 times now) has been great. I always sit outside to people watch, which is worth the wait. The food portions are huge and the drink service is attentive if not just a tad overpriced. But hey, it's the strip. I take back all the terrible things I said about you sugar factory. I'm sorry. Forgive me?
5	Yes yes yes. We didn sit in the restaurant, just ordered a delicious salted caramel sundae and sat at the bar! It was so good and I walked away with 4 pairs of panticakes, some knotty girl bath wash, a full belly and a smile on my face!!!!
4	Service was ah-maz-ing, despite the place being packed. Drinks were huge and fun, pricey but you get a lot. Food was great, not a ton of choices if your into fine dining, but pricey as well, very Vegas! I just can't get over how great our server was. Very attentive, knew we were budgeted for time and worked to get us fed. We left tipsy and stuffed.
4	If you love sweets, this is the place for you!!!LOVED the strawberry cheesecake sundae.The red velvet sundae was good too but a little tooo sweet for me. I need to come back and get more sundaes. My friends really loved the banana something crunch waffle thing (sorry I forgot what it was called), but I don't think I got a good bite in before they devoured it. The creme brulee crepe tasted more like honey than anything. Not the best.Apparently they're not allowed to have sparklers anymore :( sad....OH, don't forget this place is open 24/7. Woohoo. We came at 5 in the morning after the club
4	I had some time to kill on the last day of this most recent Vegas trip. On previous trips I had been wanting to go here. Wanting to explore more of Vegas' gastronomic decadence (and at least take a walk around the Strip), I stopped by.This is the flagship storefront in Vegas located right next to Paris. The other locations are inside MGM, the Mirage (the original store that opened in 2009) and inside the Miracle Mile shops connected to Planet Hollywood. I was heading towards the MGM branch as it was closer to Mandalay Bay, but during a phone conversation the MGM branch told me that the items I was looking for were at Paris. And so I went in 90F+ Vegas heat walking halfway north for at least a mile. The things I do for food.VENUE: This particular Sugar Factory is divided up in two: the actual storefront near Paris and their restaurant the American Brasserie further north. As the flagship storefront it sells everything from couture pops to candy and chocolates and other Sugar Factory themed memorabilia and apparel. The walls are lined with candy, the center area has their display of the non-edible items and the wall closest to the brasserie is the area where you can order the chocolate and other frozen treats. As advertised, both locations are open 24/7.The signature product of Sugar Factory (if you haven't guessed from one of the 500+ reviews) is the couture pop endorsed by a handful of celebrities such as Britney Spears, Kim Kardashian, The Situation (wait, he's still relevant?), Mel B./Scary Spice, Nicky Minaj and Nicole Scherzinger. A package of one comes with one of the 9 flavors  and there's another package of 3 refills. Out of sheer curiosity I asked for the sticker price of one of the couture pop holders, store clerk said $25. Big WTF. Even more shocking was that the pack of 3 refills go for $12. I am known in both my immediate and extended family for making pretty extravagant food purchases, but the couture pops were too much for even ME. That's saying something. Instead I went over to the counter where you could buy the frozen goods and satisfied my sweet tooth cravings for a little more than half the price of a couture pop. I bought two tipsy truffles for $3.95 each and a frozen hot chocolate for around $6.95. Tipsy truffles are like cake pops with a bit of alcohol in them. Campfire S'mores: Had a burnt marshmallow top and graham cracker crust bottom. Had more chocolate than the red velvet. Ruby Red Velvet: My favorite of the two. The red velvet had a cakelike texture with a biscuit bottom to keep shape. The top had red velvet sprinkles. Frozen Hot Chocolate: A little less rich than the one I had from Serendipity 3 a few years ago. I tasted little bits and pieces of a cake-like texture. Portion was big enough to sip for the long walk back to the Mandalay. It was good for what it was, but next time I'll try more of their sundaes and frozen milkshakes. Might stick to Serendipity 3 for frozen hot chocolates.Tipsy truffles ARE pricey (normal for Vegas prices) but it's worth walking the Strip to get them. Next time I'll have to go back and try more flavors.
1	First off, this is just a review of the slushie, Fat Tuesday type drinks they sell on the exterior of Sugar Factory. The price seemed right compared to everywhere else in Vegas for these type of drinks. I believe it was about $12 for a twenty ounce drink and they had a cola flavor. That sounded great since my girlfriend and I love Coke Slurpees at 7-Eleven. Everywhere else would have been around $15 for that size. After ordering, the cashier asked us if we wanted alcohol in it. Wait... what?? It doesn't have alcohol unless they add it? I forgave that since they gave us a choice of rum, vodka, or whiskey.We went with vodka. They barely put anything in it at all. That meant we just paid $12 for a generic cola flavored slushie that didn't give any kind of buzz whatsoever. Overpriced is putting it nicely. We should have picked up a bottle of vodka and bought a Slurpee at 7-Eleven.
1	This used to be one of my favorite fun dinner spots. They just changed the menu and the food is awful!  So sad!  I'll never go back!
3	REVIEW FOR CANDY STORE:I thought I would be wowed, but I wasn't, just some overpriced candy in here. They had a couple cool things like lollipop cups that are $20 and bejeweled and good music playing but nothing I would want to spend money on. i mean its candy....I dont want to spend 16 on a small box of candy I can get somewhere else. They had some really cute panty cupcakes though! Their keychains were like $10!!! so it really threw me off!Probably wont ever come again, but maybe to try their restaurant food. =) It was a nice chill atmosphere.
1	stay away tried again with the same bad service sat for over 25 mins and no service had to walk out
5	YUMMM their drinks are soo delicious with the added candy.  It was my first time here and I got the lollipop passion goblet which was just amazing!! You can never have too much candy;)
3	Okay I am not happy about my visit to sugar factory recently. We've been before, twice in fact, and the food was really great.  But this time, the meat was fatty and flavorless, the scallop potatoes uncooked, and they were out of green beans, which are my all time favorite. The only thing that was insanely good were the fries and Chocolate Milkshake, but that really doesn't warrant a free pass on the bad food. Maybe it has to do with the change in ownership?
4	The Goblets are really cool, but i would definitely not have one all for myself. It's more of a share drink:) staff is really nice, sometimes can get really slow in their busy times. Food is good I wouldn't say out of the ordinary tho. Seems a bit pricey but maybe because its on the strip. Really convenient that it is open 24hrs so you can get late night snacks or drinks etc...
3	The DJ  gave this place the 3rd star, otherwise it would have been given 2. The menu is casual with burgers and pasta. I got the fettuccine and it was good. Nothing to write home about. Our server would be gone forrrrrrever also.The dessert menu was mostly ice cream and everything BUT CAKES AND CUPCAKES... This made us all disappointed. The shop is fun. I would just go for the fun drinks next time if I go.
3	Went here for breakfast and had the fat Elvis waffle. It was pretty ok but I'm thinking this place might be better for just drinks and or lunch/dinner (?).
1	Overpriced girly drinks. They do no have Glenmorangie scotch.  The Cuban sandwich does not come with pickles rather pickled vegetables which translates to carrots. The view of the bellagio fountains is  great but this is a total tourist trap.
3	Overhyped candy store. I haven't tried their drinks or food or anything but the store is just ok. They do have some unique candies you can't find anywhere else but it's super pricey. I'd come back if I was around the area but eh.
4	Chicken Carbonara on fire!! I loved it, along witht th Grape Soda Cocktail, I cant remember the name, but it reminded me of a grape crush and I freaking loved it. Cant wait to go back.
4	The chicken carbonara & french onion soup are my favorites here. The cute goblets that smoke out with dry ice and candy are also winners, but a little pricey. One of my favorite late-night places to eat on the strip!Their fruity margaritasss are also very bombbbbb.
5	So delicious! I tried the macaroni and cheese (which came in like little breaded treats) along with the mini burgers. I had their gummy bear drink which was delicious as well. Our server was very sweet and was attentive to us. Would definitely return especially because it was so yummy!
4	Super friendly staff even on Sunday of LDW at 6am. I ordered chicken and waffles which were beyond yummy! Bacon is cooked right into the waffle batter...my mouth is watering!!! Mmmm the shakes are really yummy 2! It was quite and the food came out quick! Perfect setting for me and the boyfriend after a crazy night working.
2	had a package deal, dinner at the Sugar Factory and the play Jersey Boys. My son and I were celebrating his birthday. The play was fantastic, however I was disappointed with the restaurant before I was even seated. The hostess was a young women with a tattoo on her back with long straight black hair. She was so inhospitable. No smile ever. We were told the wait was 20-30 minutes and if we wanted to wait. I told her I had no choice because I had a dinner voucher. The Salmon was dry and asparagus over cooked. My son enjoyed his $36 dollar drink. My drink was too sweet though. My waitress was fine. Seemed over worked. I won't come back or recommend this restaurant. I usually read reviews. Wish I had read up on this place
4	Loved the smoky drinks! Next time will definitely try the other flavors! Great place to come and relax while walking the trip! Service was fast and helpful couldn't have asked for anything more.
2	WTH!!! u chould of had more stars BUT they don't make shakes anymore ever since they remodel the place in the candy store!!! That's a fail sugar factory... it was the best shakes ever... I will miss the "memory lane" shake... Pls bring it back!!!
2	Over priced candy why ohhhh because stars like kim k, mel b, brittney etc havent taken pictures eating this regular candy and suckers i can get from the .99 cent store lol the way the shop is set up is nice but it's nothing to go crazy over.
3	The food here is great.  Drinks are very expensive, a *small* malibu and pineapple juice rang in at $12.  I think you're better off with beer or paying the price for some of their specialty drinks, as the malibu/pineapple was not strong.  I've been to this location twice.  The first time, I had a steak salad that was to-die-for that has since been removed from the menu :(  Last time I went with my boyfriend and we split the Sugar Factory Salad and a Tomato Basil Pizza.  They were nice enough to add marinara to the pizza, which doesn't come with it, but only a little.  Over all a nice place to go if you want to get one of their gigantic goblet drinks for fun ($36), or if you're out on the strip anyway, but pretty pricey for a dinner out.  The first time I went was for a bachelorette party and they were very accommodating and friendly.  The second time, we had a Groupon :)Edit: forgot to mention the dessert - we had the drunken sundae, which consisted of Guinness gelato topped with Irish whiskey sauce, miniature brownies, and whipped cream (all non-alcoholic) and it was AMAZING.  This spot would be perfect to stop to share a dessert after a long night out, especially because they are open 24 hours!
4	This was for the bar itself- the restaurant review is under the full name Sugar Factory American Brasserie. Next place was...I believe Liquid Sugar. Which is the bar of Sugar Factory, the place I've bragged. We sat here for quite awhile, making friends with a few of the bartenders who weren't too busy. They were pulling random liquors off the shelves and making the recommended drinks on the back, and let me tell you - I am so glad to be a drinker now, versus in the 50s, when the recommendations were first thought of, because holy smokes gross. Random bits of lime and lemon in whiskey and orange in scotch, weird like that. But what was better than that was the bartenders, once again - it may have been luck, but sometimes that's all that's required...and maybe a lower cut shirt as well. We stayed here for a long while, eating their regular burger with loads of fries. I said I would go here again, and I make good on my word. I would go here every chance I got if I lived there, because the atmosphere is almost exactly what I like about lounge-y bar eateries. They're a tad bit expensive if you're not used to it, so prepare accordingly.
4	One uv the best joints on the strip for late night drinks n dessert. The Nutella crepe is a lil too much chocolate gunk for me (Nutella aaand chocolate crackly syrup onto) BUT if u ask for the banana berry waffle style on a crepe and its perfect! Good service every time we've gone. Sometimes pretty busy so if ur in a hurry go elsewhere. Fun atmosphere. Live djs on the weekends!
1	They have removed all the pastries cookies sweets and treats, very limited on some pastries maybe a cookie or two but no more raspberry cheesecake any of the fancy stuff that is all gone fancy drinks are gone it used to be a really fun place to come to an evening or anytime it has gone downhill seriously, we would never return to this place, I had ham and cheese croissant,It was bad, I get a better and cheese croissant at McDonald's, The restaurant still looks the same but it's it's very depressing the main bar on the floor facing Paris is no longer  open anymore, They only had 2 Waiters on the floor really slow service so sad.
3	I ate here a couple of days ago, and it definitely didn't live up to what I expected. Everything was super expensive, but then again you are in Vegas.. I went with a party of 10, so seating take a little over 30 minutes! The menu is small and simple which I think is a plus. Most of the girls ordered chicken tenders **** THEY DO NOT COME WITH FRIES FYI*** and our table ordered 2 of those candy bowls so our total was $350! The club sandwich I ordered was actually pretty tasty! The chicken strips were moist but had absolutely no flavor to them. I'd much rather pay 20 more dollars and go to a buffet instead. 3 stars because the waiter was really nice, the food came out fast but way too expensive for the quality and just an average place. Nothing to die for.
3	I've been to the bar on my first visit to Vegas and was craving sweets, so my girls and I came here. I swear the girl working there was watching us like a hawk because she was afraid of us stealing the candy. Like uhh ok? I felt so uncomfortable even trying to look at the different candy there because she kept following us! We did buy something so we defs weren't planning on stealing. I mean who steals candy anyway?! She made my experience here really awkward. It is almost like I never should have decided on candy and should have gone with getting an ice cream ! there are lots of variety, but it looked too heavy and filling...and I didn't want to explode in my dress at night. This place is over hyped though. It is super cute for a candy store though!
3	This is for the store portion of the Sugar Factory.Decided I wanted to check out the Home of $$EXPENSIVE$$ lollipops, and I was right, they were still expensive.  I am always amused by the things they sell here. It seems they've expanded their line to include t-shirts, stuffies as well as candy, gum and COSMETICS!  Yes, you heard me.. cosmetics, namely lip gloss and lip tattoos. They have a nice selection of candy related items, but not as many as I remember, though I did see the bulk stuff against the wall. $0.99 an ounce is a tad overpriced.  It seems they keep up with trends though. Lots of Dia De los Muertos and Mustache items could be found. The one thing I noticed was there was a sign that said 30% off already reduced prices. I don't think I got that off the items I bought that were reduced, and that's my fault for not asking about it. Oh well, Caveat Emptor.
4	The white gummy bear goblet was delicious!! Can't wait to go back!
4	For dinner, I had the Chinese chicken salad. My husband had the turkey club sandwich with yummy fries. For dessert had the Creme and raspberry w/ raspberry sorbet crepe. That was to die for!! For breakfast we had BYO omelettes while watching people walk by at the patio strip. Also had the chicken fingers. All the food is good here at reasonable prices. But not sure why they charge 4.7% concession fee. That's Vegas for ya!
3	Good burger, good location in a tourist trap sort of way, but awful service.
4	Not bad. Good concept. Food was ok.
3	This is a very expensive but cute candy store! I didn't get to dine in but I did get to walk around the store. There is candies of all sorts that will make your eyes flash in glee until you see the price tags and walk out sad or broke from the candy store just like when we were little kids. They have of course the couture pops made famous by some celebrities. Unfortunately because the handle of the sucker can be custom made and bling out, you will pay a hefty $25 for that lollipop! What I was told though was that I was paying for the handle and the brand. They also have refill packs so you can still use the handle after you finish the candy. I honestly don't know who would walk around with a candy lollipop and a bling out candy stick so I had to pass even though some of the colors are super cute. Sugar Factory also sells a lot of bulk candy (reeses, sugar daddy's, gumballs, chocolate covered raisins and even war heads!) Cute store over all but unfortunately I walked out empty handed. Their staff was helpful and friendly when I approached them.
4	Got the white gummy goblet to split with some friends. It has about 8 shots in it but it's packed with sugar and tastes amazing that you would have never guessed. It's $36 so a little pricey but if you split it, it's not bad. They put dry ice or something it in and the drink starts to fog up and it's pretty cool. We messed up because inside the Planet Hollywood they have a Sugar Factory drink bar that for the same price you get a souvenir goblet to take home. You do not get that at the restaurant. I can't say anything on the food but I mean there are plenty of good options in Vegas idk why you'd come here for food. I'd just come back for the sweet drinks for your friends who hate the taste of alcohol but still want that buzz.
4	Fun, bright service. The French Onion soup is pretty standard and good. The Signature burger was delish with a nice big patty cooked to order and the mix of a sweet white chocolate with salty fried onions make this a better than average burger. Unfortunately it was served with fries that weren't hot or fresh.They have a very fun and extensive dessert menu that I couldn't find online. Highly recommend the PB&J donuts. Little puffs of love filled with warm peanut butter and strawberry preserves dip. The cost with no beverages was about $50. A little pricey, but we enjoyed it. Tip - breakfast is only served until 11AM .
2	It has a great view of the Bellagio water show, if you sit outside. I ordered the Pasta Carbonara. It was yummy, but overpriced. After we ate dinner, we each thought it was good, but not worth the $$$. Then, we discovered that there was a Groupon deal, the next day, for almost 50% off meals. We should have been smarter ;)
3	3 DOLLAR SIGNS - as one of my friends told me, Sugar factory is a level higher than the Cheesecake Factory. Let me start by saying that my review is solely based on my dine-in experience w/ my party of 7 and that we were going down the strip and ordering different drinks here and there.Anyways, as we were seated, the hostess gives us our menus and left us. As we glanced through the menu we quickly narrowed it down to 2 different goblets: the white gummy and the blue goblet thingy. As you might have guessed, we went with the white gummy. As we prepared to order, the man who replaced our hostess greeted us and told us that they would bring us glasses of water shortly. After a while, our goblet arrived and we split it amongst the table, taking sips as it made its way around the table. The goblet itself looks pretty cool because it emits steam as the liquid connects w/ the dry ice. Soon we finished the goblet and chewed the frozen pieces of gummy worms. We were about to order the blue goblet thingy but after speaking to our host, he treated us rather rudely so we decided against it.Overall, the drinks are good (but pricey) and it'd be a nice spot to have a date or something. But since I'm in Vegas, I figured that it'd be normal for people to wander the strip to get a drink here and there. It might have just been a bad day for our host but he could've been a little nicer.
4	only had food and it was good!!! no complaints whats so ever.
5	Loved this place!!!! I was running short on cash and really wanted a wedding cake...Not only was it an amazing tasting cake but very reasonable...the people were soooo nice and helpful..
2	Overpriced, overhyped, and there is usually a handful of scantily clad women up in there walking around flaunting their cleavage with their short, tight dresses sometimes already drunk or planning on being buzzed at least. On really bad nights you will have really drunk peeps making a scene by doing stupid things and this is from my firsthand experiences of making the visits here as the default tour guide for my friends and fam visiting from out of town. And this is just for the candy store portion of it. As for the restaurant part of it, I have yet to make visit in there but based on my description of the candy store itself, why would I? Usually, any place that is right on the strip is guaranteed to have its prices marked up and the restaurant is not any different. Never mind the fact that this place is conveniently located right underneath the Chateau Nightclub, but you will also have hooligans coming in from the strip itself.Now for the Candy Store portion of it. Yes, you will find all sorts of candies from Jelly Bellies, M&M's, Sweet n Sour Combinations, to Jawbreakers, and my wife's favorite, Chocolate Covered Gummy Bears. You also have a separate Ice Cream/Gelato bar as well. Since it is on the strip, you will pay more than you would at another store somewhere else away from the strip. So I wouldn't make a special trip here unless you just happen to be on the strip or are staying at the Paris Hotel.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #6
3	We came here on a Tuesday for lunch and ordered 1. Artichoke dip, 11.952. SF burger and fries, 16.953. Club sandwich with onion rings, 16.95+4=20.95- CNF 2.34 for $26 (used the $20 Groupon valued at $40)- Seated right away upon walk-in. The hostess, at first, was about to seat us on a small 2 chair table right next to a couple that had a 2 table, 4 chair table. How its laid out, it goes 4 chair, then 2 chair table, where no one was seated on a 2 chair. The venue was pretty empty and she was going to seat us on a 2 chair. AHEM, no. Fail. - Service was pleasant. Jason and Michael were our servers. Jason seemed a bit new from his robotic voice giving us recommendations on drink specials. "My favorite is the gummy drink bc it has gummies" something like that, but it was nice. - The artichoke dip was good; warm, soft, packed with artichokes, but the chips had a bit too much salt for our liking. Refillable chips. - Sugar Factory burger tasted good. At first, the novelty of the bun having white chocolate sounded cool, but at the end of the burger, it was too sweet. Burger made medium; soft and delicious. - Club sandwich was also tasty. The sauce made it better. Big pieces of avocado. I love avocados. - French fries were stale and overly salted. I'm glad that I paid the extra $4 for the onion rings, bc they were amazing, hot, fresh, and crispy. - At the end of the meal, they had the Bellagio water show, which made the dining experience very nice. - Required confession fee is 3.5% of your bill. Michael packed our left overs. No self-serve.
3	Nothing too special, but the staff was kind and helpful.  Found some fun knickknacks for the kids.   A little expensive for what you get. Their logo is fun.
5	Met up with a friend here for drinks and dessert - this place is AWESOME!  Had a white gummy and some mango drink - seriously, like 8 shots of alcohol per drink, and they came out smoking from the top secret formula dry-ice/water ice pellets in the drink.  The desserts were insane - we had peanut butter and jelly donuts, banana waffles and a caramel fondue with fruits and marshmallows.  I left stuffed, a little drunk, and ready to party down the strip!  The manager and staff were super friendly and helpful, and I can't wait to go back and try more off the menu - the dinner menu looked pretty interesting as well!  A must-try when you're in town!
1	This place is way over priced and overrated. Being a pastry Chef I was excited to try this place out. The food was ok, I had the burger and split a blt with my mom. It needed more flavor there was nothing great or worth the $20. The store was ever more of a joke, over priced crap! Who in there right mind would want to spend over $20 on a lolly pop that has fake bling on it? unless you have money to waste that can go to a better cause. Its a joke that what is,  I was so disappointed. I will say though that our server was wonderful and the drinks where good too, that's it. Wouldn't waste your time unless you go for happy hour
3	While entertaining my family around the strip, we stopped here for dinner.I have always seen the ads and worked around this area.  Finally get to sit down and eat here.  Seated very quickly, very unique setting inside.  Bar area visible to dining patrons.  Place is a little difficult to get into.  We all ordered different items: pan pizza, truffle burger, and the monster double patty burger.  Out of the three, the truffle burger was the special with the sweet bun.  Very tasteful, but everything else was okay.  Pizza didn't have anything special that stood out and the double patty was just another burger.  Looking around, this place is more for drinks since they offer many fish bowls.  I think next time, i will stop by for drinks.  Service was how it should be, on top.  Refills and all.
4	If you like peanut butter, get the peanut butter and jelly gelato. It's, awesome. It's a lot more peanut than jelly, but I was fine with that.Stopped in here because my girlfriends and I wanted a sweet treat. I got peanut butter and jelly gelato, one friend got cookies and cream gelato, and our third got a sorbet. I think. Mostly I was too busy consuming mine by the time she got hers so I'm not sure. We perched on the ledge right out front and had our ice cream while watching the Bellagio water show. It was delicious, and a really awesome way to round out our trip!
5	Finally had time to eat at the Sugar Factory. Only took like 6 trips to Vegas, lol.We had outdoor seating which was fab because it wasn't that chilly & they also had heaters outside, so it helped.We started off with my long-awaited Lollipop Passion Goblet. $36 but it's good enough for 4 people, well 2 of me but 4 people just for this example. lol. It was suuuuper cute & cost as much as all of our meals but it was worth it! The waiter even made sure we took a pic/video before the poured the "smokey" effect. lol. You can tell this was his first go-around.I ordered the Fried Mac & Cheese. The sauce that it came with had a hint of sweetness & it was paired very good :) Loved it!Tried the Spinach & Artichoke Dip which was fab & had a bite of my friends Sugar Factory Salad which I would recommend because it was perfect. It had cherry tomatoes, pieces of apples. Yummerness!Our waiter was super friendly & even hooked it up with wristbands to Chateau, Paris LV's club located atop Sugar Factory.I want to try the rest of their dessert drinks/goblets when I come back ;)
2	The food was as good as advertised but the service was not. We sat down for 15-20 min before anyone even said a word to us. Finally, a waiter who didn't even work in our area helped us out.
3	They got me all excited for eggs benedict and then killed my eggy dreams, but it was still alright.I was mega jazzed when I sat down and the menu showed eggs benedict. When I asked the waiter about some of the details of the dish, he revealed that there wasn't any English muffin at the base like there usually is. Instead, the egg, meat and sauce rested on a bed of potatoes. No thanks. I love my eggs benedict with the soggy muffin at the bottom. I decided to go with a basic 2 egg breakfast after hearing that. It wasn't extra special. It was okay. I liked the store attached to the other side of the restaurant. They had lots of Tokidoki and Hello kitty items available.
4	Ive been to sugar factory a couple times now and it's always a good experience. I came here with a group of 8 for my buddies birthday and we all enjoyed it very much. We had to push our reservation back an hour and that was no issue so thank you sugar factory for that. I got the factory salad to start and it was good. it was a healthy tasting salad with a very light dressing to go with it. For dinner I got the double grilled cheese BLT with fries and it was great and hot. Definitely recommend the sandwich but I would pick a different appetizer next time.
5	I. Love. This. Place. Every time we come we get steak and eggs. This last time my friend got the eggs Benedict and they were served on scalloped potatoes instead of an English muffin. A little salty but still excellent. I would also like to mention that I hate Bloody Marys, but this is the only place that I have ever tasted one and then actually purchased one to drink. A word of caution,  steep pricing on drinks and food. Steak and eggs was $18 and one Bloody Mary was $12, but hey, it's Vegas!!
2	I have been here half a dozen times and the last time I was there is the last time I will be there.  The problem for me is they changed their dessert menu and removed absolutely everything I once enjoyed and the reason for me going.  Last time I was there I had the Guinness ice cream which was interesting and not worth ordering again.  The service isn't usually very good either so the only reason I was going was to order several of my favorites off the menu at a time and spend about an hour tasting them all.  The new menu doesn't have anything on it I would like to taste.
2	I'm hesitant to give it two stars, that seems like too much.  I was part of a large group (a couple dozen) and we had reservations.  It took an hour after the reservations for us to get seated.  Then it was a battle to get our orders in, and it took an hour for the food to get to us.  Several of us ordered shakes and they messed up several of them.  Although how you can mistake a strawberry shake for a red velvet I don't know.  We were generally treated the entire time like we were an afterthought and people all around us who were sat after us got menus, placed their orders, and got their meals before we got our drinks orders filled.Oh, and $45 dollars for a shake and a miniscule portion of chicken alfredo?  I don't think so, even for the strip that is outrageous.  I could eat at the restaurant of a big name chef for that and have had a better time.Skip the Paris version and go to the one at Town Square, cheaper, better selection, better service, better portions, better food.
1	I'm here right now and had to order water twice already. Apparently they don't serve breakfast all day like every other diner i've been to, and this place is basically a glorfied diner.
4	Went here with some coworkers for a nice and fun dinner experience, and we got just that!  We're a group of girls, so it was really fitting to our tastes.  The vibe is just perfect to kick off a girls night out if that's your plan.  They have plenty of fun cocktails that mimic the fun flavors of some of your favorite candies and a great selection of goblets that produce a fun little foggy show.  The goblets are good for 2 people, so don't think you have to drink it all yourself!  I had the Jolly Rancher which was pretty much a delicious watermelon jolly rancher flavored martini.  I love watermelon.As for the food, everyone said their meal was pretty good.  I can't say too much as I had a basic soup and salad.  French Onion soup + a small caesar.  Both were pretty good.  I think the only thing I wished was that the caesar was a bit more flavorful (not sure if it was because that's the way the dressing is or because there was a simple lack of dressing).  We did have appetizers to share too - the artichoke and spinach dip was nice and hot with fresh chips and I was told the crispy buffalo chicken wasn't half bad either. We made reservations a week in advance, and it was pretty simple after that!
2	For me, Planet Hollywood and Sugar Factory are linked. Currently, Planet Hollywood is currently on Britney overload. I was not persuaded by the overload because EVERYONE, from my cab driver to random people on the street, were saying that Britney's show was a disappointment because she doesn't sing. I think it is pretty well understood that Britney has a substantial back-up track, but the universal understanding is that now her mic is just on to allow for breathing sounds to be picked up. I tend to value industriousness, so this news is not my favorite thing. Also, anyone who lets JT slip through her fingers is not to be encouraged.After running away from Ms. Spears' Karaoke Show, I headed into The Sugar Factory. I don't think it is a good sign that there was salacious clothing sold and dried-out taffy hanging with pics of famous people sucking suggestively on lollypops all over the walls here. I will tell you that I have a newly-found interest in monogrammed mint boxes though; that mint box is the best item I bought at TSF. I did purchase a tiny box of candy for $14, as well (for the plane the next day- don't judge), but it was not impressive. Between the LOUD R&B playing and a cashier with an entire glittered union jack on her lips, it was like a crack-ish, very bad dream in The Sugar Factory. This is, like Britney's show, a disappointment and should be avoided.
2	I'd visited the Sugar Factory a few years ago once before and had a similar "meh" experience. I thought that things might have improved, but alas, no such luck.  It appears that they've scaled back their menu, at least in terms of entrees. They still have the large selection of specialty drinks and desserts, however. Entrees ranged from $15-$30, which seemed pretty high for this type of restaurant. We visited with a group of 5 friends on a Sunday afternoon.  It was extremely busy, so there was a bit of a wait. I liked the new system of giving the hostess your cell phone number so they could text you when your table was ready (although I hope that's not a marketing ploy and they don't text all the time with "specials.").  Our table was right by the bar, which wasn't my preference, but given how busy it was, I didn't mind terribly.Our server took quite awhile to come to take our drink orders. I was the only one to order a non-alcoholic drink, and my beverage arrived last- in fact, I had to remind her of it.  She wasn't particularly friendly; she just seemed stressed.  The food similarly took quite awhile. I ordered the turkey club sandwich, which given the description, I expected to be served warm. While the bread was somewhat warm, imagine my surprise when I bit into it and was greeted with cold meat and fixings.  The fries were just fine. The server did not ask if we preferred the check to be split, so of course there was some confusion when it arrived. She was able to split it for us, but seemed really put off by it.  There also was an 18% gratuity already added (I'm assuming that is for groups of 6 or larger). Luckily I saw it before I paid, so I didn't double tip.  However, paying $30 for a lackluster sandwich, fries, and a Pepsi, along with a server who would have rather been doing something else, is not the way I prefer to spend a Sunday.
4	So I got roped into going to the Sugar Factory again for a friend's birthday party. Same location as last time. While the place is still incredibly loud, I will say that the dining was completely different than last time. The food was much better and the service was excellent. Our waitress Jess was beyond amazing. She was on top of everything the whole night. Drinks, apps, entrees and dessert--you name it, she was anticipating our needs before we even knew we needed it. The General Manager also came by the table to see how we were doing. It was a total transformation from last time.
5	I love this place! i don't know if it was because i was pretty drunk and it was 2 am but i loved the food portions, the drinks, and the customer service. The price for the goblet is pricey! i think $30 but it is large and big enough to share. **Just don't buy water! it seems like the use the glass bottles over and over again and just fill it with regular tap.
5	Went here for my Birthday last year and I had a great experience! It was everything I expected and more! Wait time was not long (keep in mind this was on a Friday night). I went with my boyfirend and my best friend, which birthday is 2 days after mine. The servers were awesome and very pleasing in the eye! My friend and I shared a drink which was more than enough to get us tipsy.  At the end of our dinner the server gave my friend and I a cupcake each with a candle! My boyfriend loved their pizza. As my birthday approaches, I can't wait to have my birthday dinner here again!See you soon Sugar Factory!
5	Delicious cookies... Great value, lotta dangerous sweets.  We started off with sandwiches and salads next door while watching the Bellagio fountains!
5	This was the best candy store of all time. They had such great stuff. I bought all kinds of things for my wife and my niece my nephew. I think it was a great store. Hopefully other people going shop at this place.
3	I really do not see what the hype is all about here.  Then again I dont think I am their target audience.  If you are not under the age of 25 and a girl who is a candy fanatic then don't waste your time here.  If you are though this is your mecca.The food here was okay, nothing great but not horrible.  I had the burger with some kind of white chocolate in it.  It was okay but nothing to write home about.  The staff and environment was pretty fun and enjoyable.  Its your typical over the top Las Vegas strip bar. I highly encourage any woman who is looking a fun girls night out to come here to get your pre-drink on before hitting the clubs.  They have all sorts huge candy drinks and chocolate everything.  But be ready to spend about $40 for your drink.(Not Joking)All in all this place is fun but a little to expensive for my taste.  There are way more restaurant options and better attractions on the strip that are half the cost.
5	Walked here after dinner at Earl of Sandwich. The sandwich was perfectly sized - there was still room for dessert! We all decided to get gelato. My friend said that the red velvet was really good. They let you have samples, but I didn't try red velvet. I tried banana dulce de leche and pistachio. Both were so good - the fruit and nut flavors did not taste artificial at all. I ended up getting one scoop of sea salt caramel. The consistency is so smooth and the flavor is not overwhelmingly sweet. There are chunks of salted caramel embedded in the gelato, providing a pleasantly chewy texture. It is a bit pricey for just one scoop, but it was worth it.
3	Great place to watch Bellagio fountains. Had bit of a wait to sit on balcony. Burger and fries were pretty good. Would like to come back again and try something else. The menu had some interesting things on it.
5	This is probably an over rating but this was my one experience here. I really wanted ice cream and desided to walk in here. Saw ice cream cookie sandwich for $4.95 and was sold. I got a red velvet and white chip macadamia cookie with pistachio ice cream between. This was probably one of the best ice cream sandwiches I've had. So good!!!
4	Good good , great service . I did find it overpriced though $10 for a glass of wine , it was more like 1/10 of a glass .Food is good though
2	I have to say that the service really sucked here. I went with some of my friends for my birthday weekend & the waiter was the worst I have ever had. Automatic attitude and frustration came from her. The guy who filled our water came to our table more than Mariah did. There was a prom party sitting by us and the waiter only focused on them. But the funny thing is, I kept catching her rolling her eyes at them. Very rude and unprofessional if you ask me. The food on the other hand was great! That was the only thing that kept me from being completely upset. If I ever come back, I hope the service is better.
4	Wonderful location, wonderful service and food.  As a local, this is a FAV place of mine to people watch and have a good selection of 'eats'.  The turkey club on cranberry bread:  YUMM.  Salads (I try a different one each visit) are all tasty and pretty to look at.   The management is top notch and provided the best possible service one could ever hope for.  I ride the Monorail to the Strip and leave everything to wonderful Las Vegas  and outdoor eateries like Sugar Factory to entertain me.  Good JOB!
4	Great people watching! Love the patio seating. Breakfast is a hard cut off at 11am but that was our fault for waking up late.I had the house specialty burger. It was really good. Not usually a fan of "special sauce" but the house sauce was really good and the white chocolate bun was super soft and fresh tasting.
4	Came her tonight at 10pm looking for some dessert, and we sat at the bar. Was pretty loud, but that's to be expected. Waitress was super friendly and efficient, dessert was great! I would for sure come back to try more
5	This place gets really crowded (because it's so fun) so make reservations via open table! Pretty much every time I visit Vegas, I have to stop by here. Whether it is for some candy (love my sweet tooth), the amazing and HUGE fishbowl drinks or just the yummy cafe. Everyone at this place is amazingly nice and accommodating. The girls at the front desk are super sweet and the bartenders are awesome. I didn't catch the bartenders name this past Saturday, but he was awesome. My friend and I ordered the raspberry mojito fishbowl drink and surprisingly, it didn't come with candy. Of course, I was upset about it and the bartender was so nice and put tons of candy in my drink and gave me a candy necklace ;). The wait staff is also very sweet! My Mediterranean fettuccini that I ordered was really good, except it lacked sauce. The olive oil sauce sunk all the way on the bottom so the pasta was dry. I asked the waitress for Alfredo sauce and the kitchen made me fresh and homemade sauce! The veggies and feta in the pasta was delish. If you're visiting Vegas, do your inner child a favor and come here! You'll have a blast!
2	I ordered the Red Velvet pancakes, but they were undercooked and tasted horrible after 3 bites I gave up. My Dad ordered the Chocolate french toast which was 1big slice of brioche bread which was very dry in the center. The only good thing we ordered was the Banana Split for 2. Service was great but then again the place was pretty empty in the afternoon. Booths are comfortable, bar stools look very uncomfortable and no way would I sit at the tables some of which are uneven. I would go back only for desert or one of the overpriced large drinks. This review is for the Town Square location sorry.
2	Server was sweet and we really liked her although her section was huge with little help. Everything was slow. 30 minutes to get seated, 30 minutes to get our food order in. Lights going on and off (which wasn't a big deal, although really annoying after the sixth time.) Things happen, but not the experience I hoped for with a bridal shower dinner, and the manager did not even stop by the tables to apologize. In fact we saw not hide nor hair of him. Our lovely server was the only saving grace. The food was decent.
4	This place is so ridiculous and over the top, and I loved every second of it. Candy Factory is a restaurant and bar attached to a giant candy store selling specialty chocolates, ice cream, candy apples, and more. The restaurant is sleek and black, making the candy-colored, electric bright drinks stand out even more. This is a Wonka-styled candy heaven for grown folks. We went for brunch on Sunday and were quoted a 30 minute wait. It was closer to 20 minutes, and we were able to get cocktails at the bar while we waited. I got a Grape Soda, which is grape vodka, grape pucker, and grape soda. It really did taste like a grape soda, and was really fun and refreshing. My companion got the Blow Pop, which was a bright green fruity concoction rimmed in hot pink Pop Rocks with a Blow Pop marinating in the cocktail. I though his won for presentation until I started seeing smoking goblets with gummy worms passing by. The goblet drinks are $36 a piece, and are meant for sharing, but we didn't try them this time. To eat, I got chicken and waffles. I'm on record as being very picky about chicken and waffles, and these were really great. The chicken were large filets breaded in seasoned coating. You could see flakes of kosher salt in the breading, and it was moist and tender. It's not a super traditional piece of fried chicken, but it was seriously delicious, and easy to cut since it was boneless. It was salty, savory, crunchy, and tender. The waffle had pieces of bacon throughout it. It was pretty good at the beginning, but sometime near the middle, the combination of chicken, bacon, waffle, and syrup became a little much. I think you can go for a bacon waffle OR chicken and waffles, but both was almost too much of a good thing. But this was a seriously delicious dilemma. Up in my top roster of chicken and waffles ever, and that's a tough commitment for me to make.My partner got a standard breakfast of poached eggs, wheat toast, potatoes, and sausage. He's the more reasonable of the two of us, obviously. He was a fan of the poached eggs, but felt the potatoes weren't very outstanding and could've come frozen from a bag. But he loved his drink, and really enjoyed the ambiance and lighthearted energy here. The desserts were so huge and over the top we decided we couldn't indulge. They are massive boats of desserts, but they have floats, crepes, waffles, and more, perfect for sharing. My advice is to round up a group of friends, make reservations for drinks and dessert, and come late at night. Reservations are a really good idea because it's packed most of the time.  You can make them online. I would definitely come back here on vacation. This is not the real world, but when you're in Sin City, you might as well feed all the vices. This is a boozy, sugary rabbit-hole you'll want to go down. What a way to go. Turns out the only thing more fun than being a kid in a candy store is being an adult in a buzzed candy wonderland.
1	Don't mistake this spot for the steak brasserie immediately to the North - we did and it cost us $16 each (with tax/tip) for what was basically a $4 Denny's breakfast. Strolling by it seemed good... and then the menu is presented with $16 cocktails which should have made us run. The breakfast food was shockingly bland with few options - pancakes, benedict, eggs & bacon - not brasserie food as expected. The egg breakfast is totally fine in that deep-fried-sysco-homefries kind of way. And in Vegas, I expect to get ripped off (some of the time), but for really awesome food, not for stuff that should be free when you're gambling.The server was polite but cool after he realized we weren't buying tip-inflating booze, and we tipped well. But it was our mistake to not just walk out after seeing the food and prices. Go next door for a real deal brasserie with steak frites and all of that kind of fare, for the same prices.
1	We went to Sugar Factory for my bachelorette party lunch. We were seated quickly but waited 15 minutes for our server to come say hello. After we ordered our food it came out fast but we needed ketchup. When my bridesmaid and wonderful friend waved a server to get his attention he looked straight at her and even heard her; then he just continued to walk away in the middle of her sentence and pretend not to hear. Thankfully my friend was able to wave over another server and she had no problem getting our ketchup.  Maybe that guy has issues with ketchup. I give it a one because no one treats my friends with disrespect. The food was amazing and all our drinks were great! ;) yummm!
5	First off this place is a great mix of naughty and adorable. The first time I visited I had a yummy sugar cookie. This time I got a scoop of the wild berry sorbet. It is delicious! It's smooth and creamy like ice cream but without the dairy.
4	I'm not a huge fan of sweet cocktails, but a friend wanted to give their drinks a try. What a blast! I decided to embrace their over-the-top, unique cocktails, and we ordered the peanut butter cup and rootbeer float cocktails- and they were delicious. The bartenders were very friendly and let our husbands taste some of the different liquors used for our cocktails.They aren't super cheap cocktails, but they put a lot of attention into the creation of them- they even rimmed one of the glasses in peanut butter.We will definitely stop by for a dessert cocktail, again!
5	This place made my trip to Vegas complete!! My friends and I had a few cocktails including the root beer float, Reese's martini and strawberry blonde martini and we loved them! Next time I really want to get a goblet as they look so delicious and the dry ice concept is awesome. I also indulged in the cookie jar sundae and it was amazing! Also the waitress was so friendly and the service was great!
4	We stop by here, when we have our monthly fun on the Strip.  Be care about the bags they try to sell you for $18.  Often, you get more, if you don't buy the cute container bags.Their assortment is great.  Something for everyone and a few things, you may not of heard of.I will be trying their GF cookie sandwiches the next time.
4	Sugar factory is a fun themed restaurant/candy store located outside of the Paris hotel on the strip. You're paying to sit right on the strip and also paying for the candy gimmick, so come with that in mind and you should have no problem with the prices. My friend and I were able to grab a prime table on the patio and spent about 2 hours here enjoying a long lunch and drinks. My friend and I shared one of the goblets which cost $36. It was actually a lot to drink and took us a while to finish. We tried one that was a special for the day (week?) called Pineapple Express. It was delicious! It was mostly strawberry based but also came with a pineapple ring that had been soaked in vodka for 4 days. I think the goblet has dry ice because they bring it out to you and pour the liquid on, causing it to bubble up. It was a cute little showy aspect. Might as well make it worth that $36! The taste was perfect and not too sweet. We cut up the pineapple and ate it at the end. It was STRONG. I was tasting those 4 days of vodka soaking. My friend said that she heard that you get to keep the goblet, but we forgot to take ours so don't quote me on that. For my meal I ordered the French Dip Sandwich ($17) that came with french fries. The portion was really filling. There was a lot of good quality roast beef, melty provolone, and horseradish served on a garlic baguette that tasted fresh with au jus on the side. I truly enjoyed this sandwich and would definitely order it again. My friend had the Club Sandwich and she enjoyed hers as well. We saw some huge entree salads pass by and those looked like a good option. Breakfast, lunch and dinner are offered. Eating here was a fun treat and a good Vegas experience. Plus, what are you doing in Vegas if not indulging in oversized alcoholic drinks!
4	Sugar Factory had a great ambience, the server was really friendly, funny and invited us back for breakfast. My boys and I all had steaks before a night out, I had the filet mignon medium rare and it was cooked perfectly and to my delight was tender and flavorful. Definitely worth trying at least once.
4	This is the most memorable place we ate at in Las Vegas.  The mixed drinks are really sweet and taste like candy.  I got a normal breakfast with eggs, bacon, toast, potatoes.  Didn't care for the potatoes, probably came frozen in a bag.  Definitely need to get dinner and dessert here next time.  Or just get drunk at the bar off $16 candy drinks.
2	The food was okay, nothing special at all. It's around $18-$25 per plate. The goblets of drinks were the cool part though they were $36 which is really pricey. The white gummy one was really tasty but not enough alcohol in my opinion...I would definitely not come again.
3	This place is pretty good! I come here for the great drinks and amazing dessert. I don't come as often as I would like because it can be pretty pricey but it's worth it when I want to indulge. :)
3	Great for drinks (if you have the money for it ) but the food just go somewhere else and eat.
2	Used to be my favorite restaurant in Vegas. But since they stopped serving breakfast all day, it's just another restaurant. Okay food. Okay service.
5	Me and my boyfriend dined at the towns square sugar factory and can highly Recommend . We had a groupon which enabled us to have a main and drink. The food and service was outstanding and our waitress was fantastic .
4	This place is pretty awesome. And I am a diabetic, so that really means something coming from me. They have a lot of sugar-free options on candy and ice cream. On my most recent visit here I didn't get anything, but I took my girlfriend to get a specialty made ice cream sandwich. She got a confetti cookie on one side and a red velvet cookie on the other side. In between the cookies she got some sort of berry sorbet, which looked delicious. The best thing about it was that the sandwich was only about $5, which is so cost efficient. Plus, she couldn't even finish it all, so she ate all the sorbet inside and saved the remaining cookie pieces for our ride back to Los Angeles. The other awesome thing about this place is the patio seating where you can plop down on a rocking chair and people watch on the Las Vegas strip.
5	Love the atmosphere love the food love the customer service! Im not a foodie bt far but i think The Club is to die for!Sugar Factory Club SandwichTurkey Breat, Toasted Cranberry Challah, no bacon thank you!, butter lettuce, tomatoes, avocado abd herb mayonnaise.I had a 2 buck chuck! My way of saying cheap! LolRed WineMalbec, Filus, ArgentinaSupple, ripe dark berries, fruity tellichwrry pepper, smooth complexity only $8 and it was tastey. Normally I get the Banana Mango Margarita! Yummy!!Yeah everybody says it pricey but in my eye you get what you pay for.One dislike i have is that I didn't like the waiter coming over saying celebrities were here. I could care less.
5	The cutest restaurant on the strip!! I took my boyfriend to the Sugar Factory at the Paris Hotel & Casino for his birthday and it was AMAZING!!The decor is so cute. It is dark, sparkly chandeliers everywhere, loud and fun! They have a cute candy shop connected to the restaurant as well.Of course I had to get the Lolli Pop Goblet!! It is served with two big lolli pops and they add dry ice for a cool effect. The salmon was superb. I have gotten it twice. We finished off by getting the Cookie Jar Sundae for dessert. YUM!! Everything is so delicious!!!!Love. Highly recommend.
2	Boring menu, over priced, lackluster food, brilliant decor, and boy do those giant smoking cocktails look delicious. I wasn't impressed with the menu selection, so I opted for soup. I don't even remember what kind, that's how much it didn't move me. Grandma's chicken sandwich was okay, but a little on the dry side. This place is so pretty though, I might just come back to try a smoking goblet.
3	Try any of their goblet drinks - they're all good!As for their cocktails, they're drowning in syrup and water with very little alcohol. I usually don't send anything back unless the food or drink is reallyreallyREALLY bad, but this time I had to send back the Pineapple Cosmo because it tasted like canned fruit juice that's been sitting out for a few days. Definitely a tourist trap but worth coming to for the goblets.
4	I've only eaten here a handful of times, all of which we were seated outside. The first time I came here, the highlight was definitely the fondue (shared between 5 people). The outdoor seating is right in front of the Bellagio fountains, so that was also a treat and can be a plus if you're going for a romantic sort of date night. The food is great, but it can be pricey, and also keep in mind that it will be busy/noisy especially at night. I've only ever gotten very nice waiters/waitresses, so that wasn't an issue, but getting them to check on us was difficult. Still though, one of my favorite places to go to when I decide to take out friends who visit the valley.
2	Our server wasn't very friendly and our food took awhile. It was good food though, however I don't think I would pay $29 for a Greek Salad with $3 Avocado, and a $4 diet coke. A little over priced for such lousy service. Cool idea and the goblets looked awesome, but also wouldn't pay $40 for a goblet.
1	The most over priced place I have ever been to! I am talking specifically about the candy store. I bought two bags of candy - one bag of Swedish fish and one bag of peanut butter M&Ms. Together they were over $30. Ridiculous! They were not organic, all natural specialized candies. They were not helping rape victims anywhere in the country or helping starving children. This store is a rip off and is the epitome of greed! There were no prices on the candy and there was a girl standing there telling people to fill their bags up more.. It was fun to look at but DO NOT BUY the candy! The candy in my room at the Cosmo was half as much and that is saying a lot bc we all know how much they up charge items in the room!
3	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #147 - #365Do you fancy candy? Delicious sweets and treats?Well this high end can store is for you. I can't comment on the restaurant yet but I'll for sure be trying it out soon. I'm mostly here for the gelato and delicious shakes. Located right in front of the Paris hotel just underneath the Eiffel Tower and facing towards the Bellagio fountains. I honestly wouldn't pay premium for their fancy candy and their swag. It's a great experience to visit Sugar Factory and play tourist. The staff on the other hand are eye candy themselves, heh. Above Sugar Factory is the Chateau Club by Paris Las Vegas and it's connected directly to the Paris Casino.Mine one star for the tourist trap prices Minus another star for no outdoor seating.
3	Nothing too special here, though it sure seems the opposite. Their bowls of smokey drinks have little alcohol in them, I can't even taste the alcohol whatsoever and because the drink is cold the gummies become hard and hard to chew. Definitely should share with someone because the drink is large and the price is steep. I believe $36 for a bowl of concentrated sugary sweet smokey concoction. I would complain it's too expensive for what it is, but it's Vegas so there's no need to complain. You know what you're getting into.
5	Came here with my husband for brunch.. and it was AMAZING :)  We started with a peach goblet which is delicious beyond belief. For food we had the eggs benedict which was so good, it seemed small at first but super filling! Loved the crepe for dessert and we ordered another white gummy goblet.Our server Mike was so great!  Very knowledgeable and helpful with suggestions.  Also, service was super quick...He made this experience so much better. I would definitely come back again since it is hard to find such a great restaurant on the Strip.
5	Fishbowl delicious mixed drinks. Super friendly staff and helpful people. and tons and tons of candy. I love love love stopping here to see the unique treats. Now that i know they have macarons,  I will have to give them another try.
4	We stayed in Vegas for about 5 days and I was tired of eating fast food and junk, I had their Belgian waffles with strawberries and it was delicious. Everything was fresh and tasted even better. It's a busy restaurant they could use some more waitresses. She took about 45 mins to get our check to us.
5	Nice ambience.... the steak that came with my eggs were TO DIE FOR! Soooooo good! I would also recommend the Granola encrusted french toast!
3	If you want to burn through your cash, eat & drink here.I had a very expensive libation here, it was good, but I've had better grapefruit martini's for half the price :)A friend & I shared one of their sundaes here and I must say it was pretty decadent.
3	Lots of fun! I really only come here for the fun novelty of the giant goblet sugary drinks. They are great for fun pictures and they taste great too. Gotta try it at least once. They have multiple flavors. .. All based on candy and come filled with dry ice for that fun smokey effect.  I always get the gummy worm goblet. It's delicious
1	Some of the business on the strip, including this one, charge a cnf (concession & franchise fees). These fees goes directly to the owner pocket. It is like an automatic tip of 3-5% to the owner on each build. On top of that the real taxes are calculate on top of the cnf. Which mean you are paying taxes on top of taxes.
4	Root beer float is my favorite cocktail. Service is always great! We'll be back again!
4	Around 3AM, my friends and I wandered into Sugar Factory since we wanted to try one of their goblets. The 5 of us shared a $36 White Gummy goblet and it was DELICIOUS! For someone who doesn't like alcohol, I really enjoyed the White Gummy goblet. (I didn't taste very much alcohol at all!) Not to mention, there's gummy worms to fish for and eat. Scoreee!When our goblet was served to us, the server waited for us to have our cameras ready so could all capture the dry ice effect. Pretty awesome. Looks fantastic for photos!I'd definitely come again if I had people to share it with. :)
4	When my friends and I checked what time Sugar Factory closed, it said 2am. We thought we weren't going to make it back in time to try it. But luckily as we walked passed it, there was a sign that said "always open." The candy side closes, but the food/bar side is always open. It was already 3AM, but who cares, it's Vegas!We got seated and we ordered the White Gummy goblet and it was so good! You can barely taste the alcohol and there was also candy inside! Depending which goblet you choose, you get different candy. The goblet comes out with only candy and dry ice inside, but they pour the alcohol into the bowl in front of you so you can see the full on dry ice effect!  I would definitely come back and try a different flavor.
4	I didn't think we'd get to try this place out since Yelp stated that it closed at 2am. However, when we walked by at 3am, we noticed the sign that said "always open." Apparently, it is only the candy section that closes at 2am. Dining part is always open. Score! They get 4 stars instead of 5 because we were a bit confused when we walked in (as to whether or not we should wait to be seated) as well as the difficulty of getting the check afterwards.We ordered the White Gummy goblet. It was gigantic! $36 split amongst 5 people made it okay, but I wouldn't order the gigantic goblet on my own. It was nice that the server waited for us to have our cameras ready in order to capture the cool effects! The goblet is served with only candy and dry ice, and then they pour the alcohol at your table so you can see the effects! It was super cool, and extremely delicious! I couldn't really taste the alcohol, though this may not be a good thing as I can see myself getting drunk off of this since it's so delicious! Gummy worms were yummy, though rock-hard from the dry ice and alcohol. Great photo op, though it didn't do anything for me (in terms of getting buzzed) since we shared amongst so many. Their goblet with the watermelon looked promising. I want to go back to try that flavor!
3	Ate here last night with my husband and the food wasn't very good or anything special just, average food.  But they did have a good drink called the peach fuzz goblet which was good but a bit pricey at 36 bucks and u don't even get to keep the glass.  Will come here for drinks and maybe breakfast but that's it.
5	I love this place, they will refill your fat Tuesday cup for only $10 no matter what size it is! I recommend the Gummie drink
1	Awful food, ridiculous prices, terrible service. One of the absolute worst dining experiences of my life. Food was RIDICULOUSLY overpriced and tasted like it was thrown together haphazardly. I ordered a salad for $13. When they brought it out, it looked like they just put a handful of mixed greens on a plate. As I dug around with my fork, I found a couple of apple chunks, 2 cherry tomatoes, and a sprinkle of bleu cheese. It would have been an additional $6 for chicken...which I would guess would have been frozen chicken strips reheated and thrown on to the salad. Generally I'm find to pay a little extra for a great dining experience, but the food didn't even come close to the price value. Everyone else at the table was equally disappointed in the food. The waitress was extremely rude and unwilling to help. I'm usually very laid back when it comes to dining experiences, but this experience was dismal, at best.
4	We went into the shop to get some candy for the kids back home. The variety of candy in here is amazing and they have a full dessert bar which we did not get to enjoy but looked amazing. We actually got these lipstick tattoos there which was pretty cool but so annoying when you have them on. I ended up ripping mine off before we even got to go out. LOL
3	The food in this place is wonderful and the service was great! Besides them taking for ever to get me another drink. But the only thing that REALLY bothered me, was the bathroom . It was disgusting ! It was really weird. Kind of looked like a bathroom in the park. Please redo it, something.
2	Used to be my favorite place to eat in Vegas. We went for the first time in a couple years and everything was different. They took a fantastic unique menu and condensed it to a much smaller menu constituting of the same ordinary menu items you'd see at any other chain. If I wanted to eat that crap,I would have went to chili's. RIP Sugar Factory
3	Came in late nite & we were pleased with the selection of bottled sodas. We shared an ice cream sandwich ($4.95.) I chose strawberry ice cream and red velvet cookies. I should have asked for two different cookies because red velvet had very little flavor. Texture of the cookies were crunchy rather than chewy. Probably wouldn't order that again, although I would come back to try deserts on their sit-down menu, as well as those goblets smokin' with dry ice.Before our flight, I stopped in for some candy (a girl can't resist) & ended up with my usual: white chocolate covered gummy bears. An employee kept pushing a tiny mental container on me for $15, saying I'd be paying more by using a bag. The candy is roughly $16/pound. Bitch, do I look stupid? A pound of candy ain't fittin' in that tiny container you're trying to hawk. I ended up spending $8 for my candy & I know even that smallish portion wouldn't have fit in that $15 container. Buyer beware.
2	The drink was good but we also came for food and they were out of 10 items... And they only have like 20 on the menu. I wouldn't come back. Sad face.
4	This is a cool place to cool down and enjoy ice cream after walking along the strip or dancing at a club nearby.  It sure beats the waiting line of Serendipity across the street at Ceasar's.  It was more comfortable here and classy.  Had to minus 1 star for the in attentive greeter.
1	Wanted a thick American-style milkshake, and an ice cream sandwich. Although we didn't see shakes on the menu, we asked, and they said they could oblige - great! This massively expensive shake turned out to be nothing more than two scoops of ice cream run through the blender, though. Kind of strange and not really what was ordered.The ice cream sandwich was more reasonably priced, but the cookies used were rock hard and crunchy, borderline stale,  which ruined the experience entirely.Hugely disappointed after reading positive reviews. Totally not what was expected from a place with such a hyped-up reputation. Go elsewhere for your sweet treats!
5	Great service even though I wasn't a high spender. I came here because of the creativity on their menu. Everything is fantastic here.
3	This review is based on gelato only. I tried a few sorbet flavors, and I ended up getting the mango sorbet gelato. It was good and affordable. They give you a very generous amount for one scoop.
5	drinks was good I can pass on the food
3	Family came into town so like I said I would, we took them over here. Honestly, it was not as good as last time.We got the same fondue, but it was very different. The presentation sucked. Everything was laid out on a plate, much less fancy than last time, and the chocolate was poured into a bowl. It was very runny and unpleasant. Not fondue like at all. It wasn't all bad, the strawberries were good, brownies were good this time, and there were cake balls, which everyone liked. However, the bananas, cookies and pretzels weren't very good. At $25, definitely not worth it, and left me wishing we had taken them over to Ghirardelli instead.We also ordered one of the famous goblet drinks. $36!! Insane! Worth it?? Eh...hard to say. Presentation was very cool, they add the drink to the dry ice at the table so it smokes while it sits there which was very neat. It was tasty, for sure, but it is very hard to justify a $36 drink! We sat on the patio again, which was just as fun as before. You can't beat the people watching, and if you are going to pay the ridiculous amounts for the food and drinks you might as well look on the bright side!
3	We decided to stop in here after after a failed attempt at lunching at Mon Ami Gabi. We approached the hostess stand and it seemed as though it was painful for the three scantly clad hostesses to make any type of eye contact with us. We were told it would be a 15 minute wait for an inside table (it was a late Saturday afternoon). They take your phone number and send you a text when your table is ready. Much to my surprise, we received a text about 15 minutes later and were taken to a table that had been open the entire time we were sitting in the lobby area. Oh well, next...it took a bit for the server to come to our table, a little longer to take the order, even longer to get our food...we spent a lot of time waiting. In our sever's defense - you could see that she had a ton of tables and was working really hard. I was totally disappointed to learn that they no longer had the Monte Cristo sandwich and got a club (very average) and chicken tenders (kind of weird/artificial tasting). The chicken tenders come with a chipotle dipping sauce that was kind of tasty. We finished our meal, paid without being offered a desert menu ($12-$15) and then ventured into the attached gift shop/candy store and decided against buying our daughter an $89 Hello Kitty backpack (it just seemed a bit overpriced). Plus the music was so loud, I am not sure that my tympanic membrane could handle another minute of it. In the end, I think we saved more than we spent, so it wasn't a total loss.
2	I would not recommend this place. The food is overpriced and not good. I went with a big group and started with a couple orders of spinach dip which in two words tasted like: hot cream cheese. Really not good. I ordered Mediterranean Pasta with garlic bread only because they were out of the Veggie Burger (the only two vegetarian entrees on the menu).  The pasta had what were clearly canned soggy overly salted artichokes, canned salty olives, and sundried tomatoes with salty feta. It was barely luke-warm, overwhelmingly salty and with ingredients which were far from fresh. The garlic bread was cold and without even a hint of garlic... not acceptable. Our service wasn't great. The only redeeming part of the meal were the drinks, which they're known for. We had the Berry Basil Mojito and the special which was this fantastic Watermelon cocktail complete with a giant vodka-soaked watermelon slice. Overall this place is sensational, a bit fun, but definitely not worth your money.
3	The I ordered the signature burger with a side of tator tots. The burger was extremely juicy and delicious. The tots were not all that great but were not bad. The service was a bit slow however i would still go back in the future because the food was that good
1	I reserved a table for 6 people weeks prior to ensure we get a spot when we came and we still had to wait about 40 minutes to get seated regardless. Wasn't sure why the reservation was even taken if we still had to wait. Then we had a problem with seating because they were basically telling us we had to sit outside instead of providing a table that was first available indoors. We ordered several app's and individual meals for the group and were disappointed with most of the food we ordered. The food was overcooked and had no flavor. Their menu doesnt bring any creatively and doesnt give options that are worth coming to this American Brasserie versus any other american style restaurant. Additionally, they added on a franchise fee to the bill which seemed odd. The server basically said that all the restaurants do this on the strip but that is a complete lie because that was the first time I saw that.I will not be returning here or any of their other franchises.
4	My Vegas trip is never official until I visit the Sugar Factory for breakfast or dinner. This gem is located in  Paris Casino (My favorite place to play) and offers both indoor and outdoor seating. My most recent visit was for a late night eats motivated by the patron shots I'd enjoyed earlier. My friends and I ordered the hummus, fried mac and cheese, fries, onion rings, and a pizza (a feast of fried goodness) . The hummus was served on a pita slice, of all our dishes this was my only regret. I found it to be bland and generic...nothing special. I really wanted a pizza with "the works" however my friend couldn't consume several of the meats used as toppings. Our server requestd a half/half pizza (not something they proactively offer) and thankfully our gracious chef obliged. I love everything about sugar Factory, aside from their delicious food offerings the ambiance is both chic and welcoming . If you dine al fresco you'll have an epic view of the Bellagio fountain show (amazing). If you've walked past but never stopped in do it on your next vist! Good food, good prices, good service.
4	We came in for a bachelorette party & Sugar Factory did not disappoint! Part of the group was late - but they held our table & were really nice about it! The drinks are AMAZING. $36 for big bowl drinks but they are SO awesome! Even if you don't want to eat, you should come in just to try the crazy drinks they have. We ate the "over cooked bacon, sliders & the mac & cheese" for dinner. It was all delicious! Really good for an easy bite! I will definately be back!
5	I love the drinks, for the prices good is good and good portion,  service is good, next door candy store .......really good place to stop drink and eat.......
5	Excellent food and excellent service! The drinks are amazing as well. The menu is huge and everything we were with was very pleased with their food. Our server was Max and he was the best server!!!!
5	This is such a fun place to eat. Try to sit outside..perfect view of the bellagio fountains. Menu is fun with lots of desserts n drinks
4	I came here for New Year Eve weekend. I have always been so intrigued by this place because it is so colorful and cute! Their little store has many great gifts you can buy as gifts. I have purchased a celebrity lollipop and it's all "bling bling", I honestly don't think I will ever eat it, it's too pretty :)Anyways, I have not yet tried their food, but I will next time. But their drinks are so good. I tried the Lollipop Passion Goblet and when they were finish making it they put dry ice. It looked so epic and definitely worth a Instagram picture! I highly recommend sharing it with someone because it's so big and it has a lot of alcohol :) however if you can finish the whole thing yourself then CHEERS TO YOU!
1	Barf. Everything we ordered was Nasty I'm sorry I can't. The drinks are fine but the food , NO
2	First time visit. Being a local, I don't go to the Strip that much unless I have friends from out of town or someone I know is celebrating a special occasion there. Tonight I was there for the latter, but I was disappointed. Places like SF make me seriously think I should stick to local places for a night out with friends from now on.We were told we had to wait until the rest of our party showed up before we could be seated, which I thought was odd because they should have just sat us right away and showed the people who came later to our table. After about a half hour or so we were finally seated. For a Tuesday night it wasn't super busy, so we should have been seated sooner than we were.It took a while for them to take our order and a long time for our food to arrive. When I got my sandwich, I thought it was very bland and not worth the money I paid for it. When I got my bill I was surprised to see not only did they add the gratuity for our table, but also a franchise fee, which I have never seen before. I have eaten at many Strip restaurants in the past, but this was the first I ever got charged for something extra like that. I ended up paying $40.00 for my sandwich, dessert, and my drink. Way too much, I think, for food that was substandard and service that was equally so.Unfortunately, SF does not live up to the hype and I cannot recommend the restaurant. The dessert was the only thing I liked that I gave one extra star for, but I would say to you, visit the sweet shop and maybe get a cocktail, but nothing else.
1	Very disappointing.  Not only was the menu bare bones compared to previous visits (no more red velvet pancakes) but the restaurant was almost empty for breakfast at 8am. I checked in to the wrong Sugar Factory and I was told by the manager that this one on the Strip didn't honor the discounts that the location 3 miles away offered. The chilaquiles were spicy but delicious, and the fruit bowl was impressive. We had a party of 6 and they handled us fine. I would recommend trying the location at Towne Square.
1	Our server was GREAT. That unfortunately was the only positive. They seated us about 30 minutes late. We made a reservation for a special occasion and showed up on time all dressed up with full hair & makeup.  Where were we eventually seated?  They sat us on front of the open door with 108 degree air blowing at us from outside rather than an air conditioning friendly area. I asked if they could either close the door that was propped open or move us to another section. The alleged manager Sergio first came over & he was an unprofessional jerk.  Craig, who was the actual manager, then came over but was useless & said no to both solutions to the problem stating verbatim "there's nothing I can do, my hands are tied." SERIOUSLY!!?? Asking to close a propped open door OR simply moving us to the rear section of the restaurant are unreasonable requests?! On top of that, the food was terribly disappointing (we could have had better dishes at an Applebee's) the quality was very low level. The drinks were pretty but were more like $36 slurpees with dry ice.  They were seriously mostly ice, super sweet & couldn't even detect alcohol.  None of us plan to return & Craig & Sergio should be ashamed.I would not recommend this place, there are far too many good places to choose from in Vegas.
2	Poor service, ok food that's way overpriced. The main draw seems to be their giant, novelty cocktail beverages (which are over $30).The server always ran off before making sure we all ordered. This happened to me and another person in my party when ordering drinks... And another time for appetizers. We had to sit a wait a long time in between ordering. We all left disappointed.I have been to much better Vegas restaurants and payed way less.Never again.
5	Best time the kids had in Vegas.  The staff was super friendly and very attentive.  The food was amazing.  A must stop when in Vegas.
3	The food here was decent but not great- it lacked much flavor and didn't stand out at all for the price (since when is a club sandwich $17 or jambalaya $26? unless it's actually flavorful?) The goblet drink was tasty but seemed to lack much alcohol for the price, as I drank the majority of one and felt barely a buzz. Service wasn't bad, but we were there pretty early in the morning so the place wasn't that busy at all yet we only saw our server a couple of times. I'd consider returning to try another drink and a dessert, but not for anything else.
3	I ordered the strawberry gelato ice cream which was absolutely refreshing and delicious! The store has tons of cute little items, candy, cookies, etc. Only reason I'm knocking it down is because the line to check out was insanely long with only two people behind counter. Also the young lady(gold lipstick on) that helped me was horrible. I completely understand you get a million people coming in and out of your work, but this is your job. So customer servicing people shouldn't be a surprise to you when you decided to get this job! (young lady) She wouldn't talked to me, only shook her head yes or no. She only spoke when she felt like it. So when I asked firmly why I couldn't have mango sorbet (after she shook her head no at me) she finally said because it's all out. Do Not shake your head at me in the notion of no! Tell me that the flavor is out. She almost made me walk out of the store because she was that horrible!!
3	My wife loved sharing the fishbowl foggy drink on the patio while watching the freakshow that is the Strip late at night. She would rate it 5/5.I loved the latter only, as the drink was overpriced and grossly sweet. And as if it was not diabetic inducing enough, it included a candy necklace and 2 swirly confections on sticks. I would rate it 1/5.We only ate late night snacks with our drinks, The tots and fries were typical bar food and nothing special. We would both rate the limited amount of food that we had 3/5.
4	Four of us came here for drinks on our girls night. The were great tasting! A bit pricey but we knew what we were getting into. Didn't try the food but it looked delicious! I would go back to try the food. Michael was our waiter & he was awesome & made our experience fun.
1	First off the service was not great, the waitress seem lazy.  The food was mediocre. Fries were bland and soggy , the spinach artichoke dip was too dried and the chocolate fondue was not fondue., it was a bowl of chocolate with plain sides. The plate of fondue dippers included cake pops, fruits and chocolate brownies, so not worth the $20+ price tag. Also when I got the bill there was a c and f charge. Asked the waiter and she said it was management. She didn't go into detail. I don't like these extra charges these places charge when clearly it's not worth it.
4	Sugar Factory in Las Vegas, NV is a feel-good restaurant with great food and a great atmosphere.The restaurant is located on the Strip in the Paris hotel across from the Bellagio hotel. The restaurant has beautiful windows facing the Bellagio and funky colored floors and walls. The menu is complete with various options for breakfast, lunch, dinner and desserts!The night I dined at Sugar Factory, I had the Tuscan Cabonara Pasta and it was delicious! The sauce was creamy and flavorful and I paired it with a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon (my favorite glass of red).Overall, I would say that my experience there was a great one. The wait staff was very pleasant and attentive and the atmosphere definitey brings the fun and the elegant in one package!If in Las Vegas, you should definitely check out the Sugar Factory!
5	Stopped by for a late dinner , we sat outside on the patio it was a Friday night and the strip was jumping , music from the club next door was bumping and got us in the mode for a lil dancing . Wait staff was fast and friendly drinks were insanely good ! Had the rib eye and was cooked to perfection ! A must try !
3	Saw that the wait wasn't too long so we decided to try it.  Menu was limited and very simple. Nothing really stood out. I ordered the steak and eggs and it was ok. Steak was a bit dry and chewy. My GF ordered the egg Benedict and that was actually pretty good. Service was attentive.  Also they charged a 5% resort fee?? Big turn-off wouldn't come back again.
4	What's not to love about a place that serves goblets of candy themed/flavored alcoholic beverages with smoke coming out of them? I mean really, I've been here over 10 times and it just doesn't get old for me. I love the white gummy bear, and it gets the job done (I can drink one by myself and walk through the corridor to Paris casino to drunkenly gamble) The drinks are really sweet though and hurt your teeth if you drink too fast (duh, but once you pop the fun don't stop) The service is mediocre at best, you will never get out of here in under an hour, I promise. Some people may not like the food all that much, but I enjoy american cuisine (as my cousin tells me, I have the taste buds of an 8 year old) . I've tried everything here from the BBQ chicken pizza and Asian chicken salad to mac & cheese balls, sweet potato fries, and chicken alfredo...and I've always thought the food was good. The almond joy martini is also a tasty drink if you're into that sort of thing. All in all the only problems with this place are the slow service and (usually) long wait times. We never even stay on this side of the strip but my friends and I try to stop by almost every time we come to Vegas for at least a drink and the cute atmosphere . If it's not scorching hot or negative 32 degrees of ice cold chaos I recommend sitting outside and enjoying the view of the strip.
4	Love this place. You definitely pay for what you get. $36 for the cool fish bowl and boy does it do the trip to get you drunk. I had lunch here and it was really good. I actually went here twice while I was in Vegas because I wanted the gummy worm bowl. Minus a star cause of customer service. They can def learn a few more things to improve it.
3	Oh man... This place used to be super high on my scale for late night desserts/breakfast, but has recently fallen off. Sugar factory is a great place for that sweet tooth and drinks that taste like candy (or ARE candy) on the strip. I have gone to sugar factory many late nights just for the fondue! Unfortunately, some of the breakfast dessert items have been taken off the menu and not replaced (I.e nutella crepes or apple pie Belgium waffles). Service is ok, but just average. I do think the breakfast pizza is pretty good, but I wouldn't go to sugar factory for the "real people" food.
4	This is a cute fun restaurant, it's on the strip with outdoor seating or open air seating inside.  Awesome selection of drinks. The Eggs Benedict is a must. Our Waiter was awesome, very friendly and laughed a lot.  I didn't get his name. He was the only happy waiter/waitress I had seen since I had been in Vegas for 3 days
4	I've been dying to have one of their goblets! We had the lollipop one and it was delicious. Extremely pricey for one drink, but I would defiantly recommend trying one at least once. We had perfect seats half in and out of the restaurant that we got to see the Bellagio fountain show while drinking our goblet. The store is also cool, but I personally wouldn't spend $20 on a sucker.
2	I made reservations for a group of 15 through OpenTable and it was the easiest reservation I made for the trip.  The decor is nice and the location convenient.My food was completely blah.  I had the fried macaroni appetizer which was absolutely tasteless and a side caesar salad which I did not care for.  My fiance and I split the Gummy Bear dry ice cocktail.  It was tasty but half of the goblet was full of ice, which I wasn't expecting for a $36 drink.It was okay, but there are far, far better places to eat/drink on the strip.
3	Tourist trap of super cutesy mainstream items!Friends and I grabbed a quick snack from here - ice cream sandwiches! Their ice cream and cookie selection was decent and service was nice. The butterfingers ice cream I had was delicious - the chocolate chip cookies sandwiching the ice cream were ok (not chewy...boo).Sugar Factory is definitely a different scene from the rest of Vegas, but still fun.
2	The drinks in the goblets are fun and the one I ordered was good (with orange slices and fruity flavors, cant remember the name) but the gummy worm one was soooooo sweet we could hardly drink it! I didn't order any food but the people I was with did and they said it was okay.Fried mac and cheese- good, but needed warmer marinaraChicken tenders - way too much breading and no fries?!French dip - was pretty goodwe did order a sundae with all sorts of cookie goodness and that was probably the highlight of the meal.And luckily this was vegas so we got the gummy worm drink it to go cups (it still filled two cups) and drank them on the way back to the hotel!
4	I saw pictures of the drinks and it won me over. The goblet drink was big enough to share with one other person. Each item on the menu had something sweet to it. The burger had the white chocolate bun, surprisingly super yummy. The waffle with the chicken and waffles was amaze-balls. Great location except birds kept flying in the restaurant lol
1	Very disappointed!! Lived in Vegas for 2 years and finally decided to go here as part of our date night.. and wow, what a let down! The service was horrible, Brought to our table after being asked," Are you only eating dessert?" Waited far too long for our server to come by. And the ice cream we did have after our meal was worse than store bought. I'm sure it was our fault for expecting more.. good service when you're paying $13 for a plain sundae and good dessert from a place that has the title "Sugar factory" is too much to ask. Went onto the website to try and send a comment but man, it looked like a random mom and pop shop website.. horrible
5	Yummy food and great location on strip right outside Paris.  Enjoyed deep fried macaroni bites for appetizer.  Breakfast looked good too.
1	We do Vegas up to 4 times a year always looking to try new things, finally decided to stop by for a late lunch. We shared an all meat pizza we tried a dessert and we had 2- 32oz. Goblets. Service was poor we received our drinks but no straws than received straws a bit afterwards. had asked for water, the waiter forgot and I had to ask a second time. We couldn't finish our drinks and asked for TO GO CUPS, one guy said ok I'll bring them and never came back but stood in the corner with the other waiters just joking around. Than we tried again and this waiter said have you asked your waiter already? Really!  Than the bill came, I don't mind paying for good food and drinks but for $130 I would expect way better service. I tried it once and that will be it for us. I would advice that you hang out in the bar area no need to sit in the dinning area for a drink... I would take my dinning experience elsewhere!!!!
1	Avoid. We ordered the spicy jambalaya, Caesar salad with grilled shrimp, and spicy dill pickles. The spicy jambalaya was drenched with salt and barely edible. The Caesar salad was below average and pickles were left untouched, except for the one bite taste test. Our bill came out to over $68 with tax and tips and was a major disappointment. On the plus side, the servers were really attentive, but we were the only diners at about 4am. It's definitely not a venue we would ever visit again.
3	My friends and I went here for Happy Hour and while the service was good the food needed tons of help. We indulged in a few appetizers and none but the bruschetta was enjoyable. Th chicken fingers were probably of the frozen Tyson variety you buy at the grocery store and the buns on our sliders were like rocks. On a positive note, the drinks were GOOD and the goblet drinks are a pretty good deal during Happy Hour.
3	The restaurant food was just average. Didn't like the spinach and artichoke dip I ordered. It was cold when I got it and the layer of cheese on top had hardened. Husband was happy with his chicken and waffles and Grandma liked the Mediterranean salad. I would have been ok just loading up on candy at the store (which I did) without eating at the restaurant.
3	If you're looking to get a goblet or appetizers, check out the Town Square location for happy hour does not apply at this location! The goblets are a lot stronger in alcohol content than you would think, or maybe it's just because they are so large. If you don't finish the drink, the staff will happily put it in a to go cup for you to enjoy on the strip.  The fondue comes in three types of chocolate, however you can only choose one per plate. The white pizza was extremely bland. The onion rings were nothing special. I personally feel the desserts are a lot better than the main dishes.
3	I really only went there for the drinks. The service was alright, the waitress kept walking past us and we waited a while for her to return with our tab. The lollipop drink was great though, not too sweet and not too strong.
5	Stopped in here with my two girlfriends for some foofy martinis. The bartender was mind-blowingly hot, and each of our cocktails was painstakingly crafted. Between us, we tried a lemon drop, something with strawberry and white chocolate, and a peanut butter cup martini. All ahhhmazing! This place is primarily a candy store, so each of our drinks had candy incorporated somehow. Martinis are $14 each, but I don't think that's terrible, since it's Vegas, and each one took like 5-6 minutes to make.
3	The decor if this restaurant is very beautiful! You get a view of the strip because there is an open seating area that everyone in the restaurant gets a view of. I was hungover here when I came here so I did not order a drink but I think $32 for a drink is pricey and they all looked like they would give me a bad headache because of all of the sugar. So I ordered a hot chocolate and for a place that is named sugar it was not sweet at all. To eat I orders the ham croissant with potatoes and got an egg on top! The food was out of this world good so I am glad I ordered that. My sister on the other hand got a crepe and it was horrible because they put all the toppings on top and not inside the crepe and it got chewy really fast pretty disgusting so that's why they get three stars it was just ok.
5	We went here for a some of their famous cocktails the other day. Sat at the bar and got great service from Kyrie (bad ass jersey chick). She helped us pick out some great cocktails. The cocktails here are awesome! I had the cool as a cucumber but did it jalapeno style, it had good spice and great flavor. My boyfriend had the grape crush which is dangerous because it taste like there is no alcohol, very yummy!
4	Ordered the White Gummy Goblet Drink and the Milk Chocolate Mousse Bar. The drink was sweet and very light. The chocolate bar was amazing! Perfect texture and taste. The environment was nice and and service was great!
5	Seriously the best club sandwich I've ever had. The cranberry bread gave it a sweet kick, and it tasted like Thanksgiving in my mouth! A little pricey, but hey, its Vegas what do you expect. Service was great, even though we went around 12 AM. Yummy!
5	The drinks here are to die for. I honestly didn't want my drink to end-it was that good!
1	This place is lucky it is getting any stars.  I came here for my birthday and burger King would have been better. The managers could care less if the food is edible or not.  I told them and they did nothing for our party of 10 but basically say it was our fault for not telling them.  The menu is so limited now everything just sucks save your time and money go anywhere else literally.  This place should be burnt
3	This is an average restaurant off the strip and not holding its own for being on the strip.  The menu online on their website does not match the one in the restaurant.  We really wanted the Asian Chicken salad that was pictured on the website but you can't get that any more.  We had chicken and waffles.  It was tasty but not great for the inflated price.
5	Love the concept. Great steak and eggs for breakfast. Balcony has a view of the fountains. Couldnt ask for more for an early morning on the strip.
4	This is a great place for drinks, late night dinner and dessert. I am giving the four stars for my service, the view, and dessert. My daughter and I really were excited to come go here. The food menu was not as amazing as we thought it would be. My daughter and I thought it was up charged diner food with obviously a sweet twist. Appetizers we got were overcooked bacon, crispy broccolini and fried macaroni and cheese. Our main entrees were chicken & waffles and cheese burger on a white chocolate bun. :( the chicken and waffles were chicken strips on top of eggo waffles. We were expecting exquisite chicken pieces with bone fried in a delicate crispy crust on top of amazing sweet savory waffles. The cheese burger was fair - I liked the white chocolate bun - my daughter not so much. Side portions were big portions. The desserts were amazing - should be with a name like the 'sugar factory' Drinks- we didn't order any. We wanted to get one of the fancy cocktails without alcohol (daughter is 18 ) no price change. So we didn't get any, wish they a had a non alcoholic version with the cup.
2	This place was nothing special! If your looking for rude staff, over priced food and a long wait, this is the place for you...
2	Ok breakfast food. Sadly not many vegan or gluten free options, Vegas restaurants are very much behind that trend. Ordered a breakfast that came with bacon and we asked for a veggie substitute. The chef refused to sub avocado without a 3 dollar charge. Chipotle charges 2 dollars for avocado and we are paying for meat we are not eating. So lame! Customer service fail.
1	We came here for a friends birthday and had HORRIBLE service for only 7 people!!! They put us at an awful table when we had made early reservations. Then, they ignored some people in the party and didn't take their drink orders. Then he forgot to bring or order a drink for 1 person in party and the drink finally came 30 minutes later. Next, they didn't order a dinner for 1 member of party so all food arrived but hers. When they finally brought it the waiter accidentally spilled water all over one person putting the food down and didn't even apologize!! He gave us attitude when we asked for more napkins!!! Horrible service don't bother coming here!! Rude manager Ian too. Didn't even help.
5	I love the atmosphere.. I wish I wouldve sat at the bar area, it looked pretty cool. Pretty good American food in Vegas to experience while on vacation. The drinks are cool, fun to look at. Not much alcohol in it and I shared the largest size with my boyfriend. I would definitely come back though.
5	This is such a fun place to eat/drink each time we go to Vegas. The drinks are so unique, you can't go wrong with one of their specialty cocktails on the menus. My favorite is the blow pop martini- it's green, it's sweet, and most importantly, it's STRONG! The drinks are pricey, but they're so unique, it's worth it. We wouldn't continue to go if we felt otherwise. Also, tons of reasonably priced souvenir candy in the gift shop to bring home for the kids. The food was great, but tourists portions are huge and you can't ever seem to finish your own meal, so be wise and split something with someone at your table. But get your own drink! They're way too good to share!
1	We went to Sugar Factory for a  mother/daughter breakfast... It was the worst breakfast ever in my life! The staff is very rude with clients, very unprofessional. We had a table next to a noisy place (workers were working above us with dangerous apparels). I asked three times to change my table with a new one. The place was empty. The waitress was very impolite and not very helpful, very stupid! She has to change her job. I had to stand up and ask to the manager to solve the issue. Same reaction, stupid people who look at me as they didn't meet a client ever. They didn't try for a minute to understand me. I was very frustrated and at least very angry! I didn't want to continue but I was forced to stay in the restaurant! We waited 20 minutes for the new table and the breakfast was cold. Conclusion: RUDE PEOPLE, TOO high prices for no special food, DON'T GO THERE and KEEP YOUR MONEY for something else!
2	This a good restaurant if you're looking for food presentation and good ambiance. But the taste of the actual food here was mediocre and not what I expected at all.Came here for my boyfriend's birthday with a party of 6. We were seated about 20 min later inside. Food doesn't take long to show up. There is almost no taste in the fried macaroni and cheese. I ordered the club sandwich ($17, seriously) but the thing was huge. The avocado was on point, but it was lacking flavor and bacon :( Everything is very overpriced, something I expected in Vegas. The only good thing on the menu here is probably the spinach & artichoke dip ($10)Service was horrible. Our whole table was dissatisfied at our waitress' attitude. After I had been trying to get her attention, she finally comes over with a bored look on her face and says "what?" Seriously ?? She wasn't helpful at all and did not cater to my party's needs. Won't be coming back to eat here. Was expecting a lot more out of this restaurant but my experience wasn't worth it.
2	Came in at 2 am so it was nice and empty. Tried two signature goblet drinks, $36 a piece. I understand it's novelty, maybe if I pre-drank I would have marveled at the wonders of fishbowl style drinks and candy but I was sober. So, I did not totally appreciate all the bells and whistles. The drinks were sweet (dur) and looks like more volume than it actually is. I could probably drink it by myself.  The cost is probably high because it's vegas and maybe dry ice is at an all time high cost wise.The food was mediocre. Fried mac and cheese, eh. Maybe if the cheeses used were little more cheesy...if that makes any sense.The bbq pizza was decent.Overall, all hype. I mean this place is cute and on the strip but that's all it's got going for it.
3	Came here on my first trip to Vegas and this is a great lunch spot. I order jambalaya with my wife and the flavor was great! Not too spicy where it burns off my taste buds. The drinks were really good too. Just a little on the pricey side. About 15-30 per person. Also the servings wasn't 25$ worth for jambalaya.
2	For all the hype this place did not live up to my expectations. The service was good but the kitchen clearly lost our order as the table that was seated 20 minutes after us received their entrees before we did (both tables ordered sandwiches). In the end the wait was not worth it as I only finished half my sandwich and fries. There are excellent places to eat in Vegas, however this is not one of them.
4	This place is very unique and exactly the type of restaurants I think people are looking for when they go to Vegas. It is full of character and really embodies the quirky French personality. The atmosphere is great. We ended up sitting at the bar because for brunch, they get SO crowded! The drinks were great, the food: AWESOME, and the service was perfect for the occasion. I had the Cinnaroll Waffles, the people I was with had the Chicken and Waffles and the Banana Nut French Toast. I'd say out of all three dishes, the french toast was everyone's favorite. Their spicy infused vodka is really awesome in their bloody mary, too. VERY garlicky and spicy, but really good.
3	I do like the food here. It's very good. They have amazing goblets and I love their onion soup. Their chicken salad is my favorite.  And my husband loves their burgers. They do need to improve on customer serviceMy kids wanted mac and cheese. The menu said fried mac and cheese. But they like theirs baked. I asked our waitress if we could have it baked instead she said ofcourse! We got our bill and each mac and cheese was $17!!! $17 for a small mac and cheese. She didn't even let us know they would be doubling the price to have it baked. She could have at least let us know when we ordered. So I suggest if your going to change anything on the menu...ask if theirs an additional charge
2	I had Groupon,but I regret I went.  It's another tourist trap; high price & small portion.  The service...I don't know about my waitress, maybe, I'm too detail oriented? or  more like mean picky mother-in-law type?...I said thank you on the way out, and she only replied 'aha' without even looking at me.  I call it rude, but maybe, you don't.Going onto their foods, their Jambalaya was spicy (is good), but too salty & greasy.  I could see the grease dropping when I scooped the rice.  Ribs were tender, but I could only taste the sauce, so I wasn't able to tell what kind of meat.  Also the meat had lots of fat, but I guess that's what baby back ribs are, right?  The baby back rib plate came with a nano coleslow with mega mayo with several cabbage in it, merely disgusting.  I may humbly suggest to just get rid of it if the chef doesn't wanna make it.  So much effort to make that.  My husband said Kingfish (San Mateo) serves better Jambalaya, and I totally agree, twice as much portion (important for me), no grease dropping (because it's cooked into the food), and less salt (but not spicy, so Tabasco was ordered).   If you sit outside, you can watch Bellagio fountain show from a distance.  However, you have to inhale other people's cigarettes is not a good thing.  Every time I come here, I'm always amazed how I'm spoiled in bay area, and how many people smoke outside my territory.  I was a smoker, but I could easily quit because no one smoked around me.  I had to thank my ex for that at least.To conclude, my advice to you is don't expect too much, but after all, location is good.
1	A group of six of us went in for a fun Vegas dining experience. The girl at the hostess stand Hilary did not greet us with a warm welcome. We then asked if we could sit outside and were advised there was no room. We saw empty tables that would have fit our group had they been pushed together.  When we asked Hilary about that a simple I'm sorry we can not do that would have been much better than the snarky toned "we don't do that." We then were finally seated after 20 minutes and waited a other five before a server even came over. At this point we left and went to Cabo Wabo where we received a much better dining experience.
4	I cant believe I haven't done a review for Sugar Factory.  I've been here a couple times and always had a good experience.  Major points for being open 24 hours a day!!!  This is a great place to stop and soak up all the alcohol after a long night of drinking.  They have a wonderful breakfast as well.  I would NOT suggest planning to drink there, one their drinks are crazy over priced and 2 they are wayyyyyy tooo sweet.  More than one of these will give you a headache!  I've ordered one of their 38$ cauldron drinks to split with a table, the idea is fun and they are great to look at , again too sweet though, I am glad we split it between a bunch of us.  The mac n cheese bites appetizer is delicious, one of my favorite items.  The line gets long around lunch and dinner, make a reservation if you can.  This is a great place to go with a large group, they are super accommodating, especially if you have reservations.  The candy store next to the restaurant is a lot of fun too!
5	Groupon junkie...Read the reviews to expect and clarify: the 'bad service' really comes from the seating hostesses, to confirm they do have that I-hate-my-life look on their faces, but I personally don't care since they won't have anything to do with my visit after I'm seated. I did go at 2 in the morning so I don't expect fully-rested associates. Our server Shae (spelling?) was awesome! A little slow but very informative. There is a HUGE difference on that Mac n Cheese. It is served as an appetizer, but is also offered as an entree. The $17 Mac n Cheese is prepped with different pasta, different ingredients, different portion. I shared the appetizer, yummy! Boyfriend got steak and I got the jambalaya (it's spicy, and the name warns you!). We also shared the lollipop goblet, you're paying for the effect and the fact that it's portioned for 2 people. Overall it was as great as it can get, and our server didn't mind us cashing in on our Groupon (saved us $25).
5	I must say this was an amazing place to eat. The service was great, the environment was amazing. I really loved the food. We got pizza and best pizza we had in Las Vegas was here. The fish bowls are pricey but great. I love this place.
5	If you are looking for a delicious margarita pizza-this is your place! The fries are also exceptionally good-soft but crispy on the outside, just how they should be! It's called sugar factory for a reason folks! Yum! The ice cream bowls are Devine with lots of flavors to choose from. They are open late and can cure your midnight sweet tooth! The food and environment don't disappoint! Especially if you can get a seat outside right across from the Bellagio fountains!
5	All I had was the mix drinks. Omg sooo good. Order the lollipop passion and root beer. Both of these mix drinks are a must. Your welcome. If you already have a drink with you, you can't bring it with you. I had to down my other drink before I could sit in the bar. There is a restaurant but didn't eat there but did order fries. The fries weren't good but the drinks were. The drinks are kinda pricey but I didn't care. They are also open really late. This is at Paris right in front of Bellagio. There's also a little store inside Planet Hollywood.
2	Based upon a review from someone else here, I made a reservation for Saturday night.  I was running late and called the restaurant to alert them that I will be late and I was told that the reservation was cancelled. When I arrived, the hostess squeezed me to the front of the line and I got a table right away. Unfortunately, I had to wait awhile for the server to come over to our table.  The server described some specials.  I first ordered the tortilla soup and it was delicious.  Next up, was my steak. I ordered the New York steak. It was cooked to my liking but it was very dry. I also didn't like the fact that everything at this restaurant was a-la-carte.  The p[ices were very high.  My wife ordered the pizza and she said that it was very salty. The manager addressed the issue without resistance or hesitation and allowed us to order something else.  After we ate, we bought some gelato in the candy shop and that was pretty good.  Based upon the high prices along with the poor tasting food, I will not return here.    In addition, there was some sort of additional surcharge placed on my bill because the restaurant is located on the strip! I'm a local and never heard or was charged a fee in the past for eating at a restaurant on the strip.
4	The mac & cheese bites are excellent. The service was really good and all the drinks were amazing.  Definitely  try this place, it has candy and  ice cream next door.
3	Warning: Buyer's Remorse sets in almost instantly after paying. I spent $15 on Gummi Bears. $15!They sell candy by the pound and no prices are listed. If you're not careful it can get crazy pretty fast.There is also an ice cream/gelato stand where you can get custom ice cream sandwiches. I had one made from snickerdoodle cookies and vanilla bean ice cream. Lackluster to say the least, but that might be partly my fault since I designed it.
3	This place is really all about the drinks and desserts. I came here for dinner and brunch and the food was not memorable. Not bad just nothing to write hoe about. But if you have a sweet tooth this is the place to be!
4	Fast, friendly service and free suggestions for specific ages. There have TONS OF SWEETS in here!!  While shopping, an employee was making the rounds serving samples of candies.  I found some ginormous jaw breakers, like softball sized, which I knew lil man would get a kick out of, but my good sense helped me choose a smaller one (with a stick attached) along with a bunch of other random candies.  Fun store, convenient location.
5	Ian Litz- awesome manager!!Very helpful, accommodating , excellent customer service!!;) thanks for turning our vacation around especially after having a horrible start!!!
2	Another disappointing dining experience in Vegas. Food was average, think Applebee's. Except 3x the price. I expect something a cut above at a premium priced Las Vegas strip restaurant. Don't eat here.
3	food was ok... kind of crowded... tables are really close to each other, so there is no privacy at all...
5	Lalalooooove it:-) it's a must see place to be. Everytime my boy friend and I come out to vegas this is the place we go no matter what. Good food, good drinks to share and beautiful atmosphere.
4	Okay this place is good and definitely a must try I gave it four stars for the simple being that the drinks were awesome but they tasted more like a soda drink then an adult alcoholic drink and a dessert were not worth the time especially the coffee cake it was more of a pound cake version of a coffee cake but extremely dry so for that reason we give it four stars but again the drinks are good they are refreshing only don't expect to even get tipsy or bust off these huge drinks the looks are very deceiving him
2	Decided to give this place a shot even though the reviews were very average and the pricing was on the higher side. Started off with the homemade spicy pickles and  they were tasty.  They didn't do anything special to add to the spiciness, other than adding some red pepper flakes on top of the pickles. Next up was the sausage, bacon and pepperoni pizza.  The pizza was made fresh.  The sausage and pepperoni were good, but the bacon was supposed to be smoked applewood bacon, and it did not taste like it at all, just average, ordinary bacon.  Also ordered the Jambalaya, and it was so spicy we almost had to call the fire department to put out the flames. The Jambalaya was also on the drier side and and moist at all.  Decided to try the Prime Rib sandwich in lieu of the Jambalaya. We asked for the meat to be medium rare and the waitress said it only comes medium well to well done.  I was a bit leery, but ordered it anyway.  The meat tasted like it was prepackaged meat and not freshly made. A big disappointment for sure. On the positive side of things our waitress did a great job in trying to accommodate us.  She was pleasant and did the best she could.  This place is a complete tourist trap. It's all about the view of the fountain and sitting outside on the strip. The food could be so much better, but they are so busy they don't want to go the extra mile to make it better.  The pizza was the highlight of the meal.  There are too many other places to enjoy good food.  If you like spending $40 on a fancy alcoholic beverage then this may be your cup of tea, otherwise I would take a pass.  2.5 Stars
2	This was a let down. My best friend planned her Birthday dinner here and so she called ahead for a reservation for dessert and drinks and was told she couldn't! Could not make a reservation for dessert and cocktails in the dining area! Ridiculous! Was given a hard till she asked to speak with a manager. She didn't want to say for sure if we would be eating but we all ended up ordering food the night of. When we arrived our reservation wasn't ready, the restaurant wasn't even half full, and then they set up the wrong table. So we had to wait for them to fix it. I ordered the mac and cheese triangles? and they tasted like fish sticks and the entire table agreed with me. For being a pricey place we expected a better reception and experience, just let down over all. The server was really friendly and great though. Appreciated her.
1	Soggy pizza, $19 burger with no side, 5% concession fee whatever. This place is SO overpriced, and the food is McDonald's just way overpriced.
4	*This review is for the candy shop only - not for the eat-in diner area*.This sandy store is super conveniently located on the Strip, attached to the Paris Hotel and Casino, accessible off the Strip across from the Bellaggio fountains. This is a fantastic sweets shop, open late, with every imaginable type of sweet. If you're in need of a sugar fix, this is the place to come. I like how may of the candies are "retro", and I haven't seen some since I was a kid. The store is clean, well-lit and bright and happy, and there are lots of employees on the floor, asking if you need help finding anything (not in an overbearing or hovering way, though). The prices are high, so I'd recommend coming here only for more obscure treats or candies you can't find elsewhere. But man, is it GOOD!
3	Good luck trying to get outdoor seating at this place on a busy night.  Tried this place on a weekend in Vegas and it was a madhouse. I ordered a margarita Cadillac and it was not so great. I feel like there wasnt enough alcohol in it to keep me going. It was a bit overpriced at 12 bucks. The staff were really busy, but still friendly, cant really complain about that. But i ordered a drink and stayed outside on the strip. Id go back again to visit.
