5	This station plays a great variety of oldies and classic rock. Where else can you hear Phill Collins & Genesis, The Four Tops, Bruce Springstein, The Temptations, and so forth all on one station?! The Djs' are bubbly and full of life, giving you all the information you need.
4	What  I like about 101.5 is the music they play... yea yea it's the repetitive top 40 where you eventually start hating the top 5 songs coz you've heard like 10 times each on different stations... ok... woah... i digress! I like the radio djs. Snake is on... and I still remember him from 104.7 and Gringo Suave is not that bad either although I hardly listen to morning radio. But it just reminds me of the old 104.7FM before KISS took over. And that's why I like it, it brings back memories and I just like the station! That is all... end relay.
5	LOVE this station and its DJs! I won tickets to the Monkees concert through this station and am a loyal listener. This station is housed in the same building with another fave of mine, KMLE Country.The only thing I wasn't keen on was trying to get there to pick up my tickets. It's in downtown Phoenix but one wrong turn and you end up the wrong direction to get into the parking lot. I found this out but still made it in okay to pick up my prize.
3	Live 101.5 or is it 101.5 JAMZ?  I think it just changed names...but the music has been the same for the past few years since I moved to town.  It's a Top 40 station and I listen to it from time to time.  Some of my friends like listening to Lady La.  I personally don't care for on-air personalities, so I change the station when they come on.  I've been to some remotes though and she's pretty cool in person.They play all of the new top songs and it can get repetitive and predictable, but it's nice to listen it from time to time.Return Factor - 75%
3	When I'm looking to calm down and relax, this is a station that I'll tune into.  The tracks are a bit slow for me most of the time, but enjoy it on occasion.  I'll immediately tune out once a DJ starts to talk...not a fan of talking on a music radio station.Return Factor - 50%
4	You actually can review a radio station! I tune into 101.5 here and there and I'm always pleased with the stations music selection, radio personalities and most importantly, their lack of too many commercials! I never have to worry about waiting too long during the commercial breaks and for that reason alone they get a good rating in my Yelp book! I do miss their old school remixes on the lunch hour though.
