1	I am making a move from an apartment to a house.  I was able to get most of the items moved by myself.  I knew that I would need to hire professional movers to get the larger items across town.  I spotted Always Ready Movers on Groupon.  So I purchased the $100 for $55 Groupon.  I made an appointment with Always Ready Movers.  When they were late, I called them up.  I was told that I would be given a call back in 5 to 10 minutes later.  After about 12 minutes, I had to call them up.  I was told that some problems had come up and that no one was coming.  I let them know (in less than polite language) that this was unacceptable.  I was then told to hire someone else and was promptly hung up on.  The good news is that Groupon will be refunding me for the Groupon that I purchased.  As a result of Always Ready Movers' action, my move-in schedule had to be pushed back and the move is going to cost me more money than originally planned.  Unless you want an unapologetic no-show, I would not recommend the ironically named Always Ready Movers.
1	I saw this company on groupon and planned to buy it for my move.. I have called 3 times in the last month and not one time has anyone answered it goes straight to voicemail and no one ever contacts you back!! NOT good business or professional! So glad I did not purchase the groupon and waste my money!!
1	I moved to Denver at the end of August from Phoenix.  A month or two prior I booked this company to load the truck drive it to Denver and unload.  The night before our move I received a call from AARM saying something happened with their truck, they would be a couple hours late (8am instead of 6am) to start loading, but would call me first thing in the morning.  The next morning starting at 730am we started calling to see when they would be coming.  Still to this day we have not heard from them.  We even drove to their office only for their neighbor to tell us they had left 20 minutes before we got there.  Luckily we found the last 26 foot uhaul and a moving company that would load our truck for us and we moved to Denver the next day. I have never wrote a review before but I hope no one out there has to deal with what you did during a move; an already stressful, awful situation. Oh and I did not use a groupon.
