2	When you're away from the Strip and need to get some exercise, there is not much around.  Luckily, you can sometimes just run into a 24 Hour Fitness like I did.  I first tried to go to what appeared to be a location right off the 95 fwy near Ann, but it had not been constructed yet.  I drove around and found this location on Craig and it must have been an Active.  I did not see any indication of its grade.  There was no pool meaning it's probably not a Sport.  If it was an Active, it was a large Active with several free weight benches, treadmills, bikes, and workout stations.  There was nothing appealing about this place,.  The interior was not run down but somehow the location was just not appealing and seemed obscure and hidden and made you want to leave as soon as you've finished working out.    2.5 stars.
4	The gym does have a pool now, and a sauna, and a hot tub. The kids club staff are wonderful with the children and the group exercise calendar offers plenty to choose from during the week, though not as much Fri- Sun. I've never seen the equipment area too crowded, but some of the most popular classes can get crowded, but only because they're so much fun!
1	What good is "24 Hour Fitness Free 7-Day Pass" when they won't honor it... 24 Hr Fitness is nationwide, being a local or not should not make a difference when the rates are the same and there are locations available near the following person's address?I work out here often, the staff are friendly, the facilities are adequate, however I had a friend come as a guest.  She called in advance to see if she would be eligible under my guest pass, which I did not have on hand, the person on the phone said shouldn't be a problem, they would take care of her.  When we got there, the manager, name starting with "V" (not sure if I can mention people's names on here), said that she couldn't work out under my guest pass because she was not local, she explained to him that the person on the phone said it was fine & he told her that she was lying because there was no record of the phone call on their hand written phone log.  She asked him if he would make an exception since we had made a long trip to the gym & we were told that it would be ok & she also told him how she too was a personal trainer for Bally's.. He started to get very snarky & condescending & told her there was a reason why Bally's was down the hole.   So I stepped in to tell him that there was no need for him to be rude & that his attitude was poor and condescending.  I asked him if there was a day fee we could just pay so we could go work out together, he told me the price in which case I handed him the cash which he took.  My friend asked for the paperwork she filled out back because she didn't feel that they needed her personal info since they would not allow her to use my guest pass, & he wouldn't give it back, so she grabbed it herself.  He told her he was going to call the cops & she couldn't work out.  And he reluctantly gave back my money.  He should not be a manager if he can't be nice & professional, instead he was rude & defensive & out right unacceptable behavior.  Even his staff member apologized to us when he walked off.
4	As a recent resident of North Las Vegas, I was happy to find a 24 hour fitness within driving distance from my house. I was not expecting "the best" of conditions because some 24 hour fitness locations can be a total let-down. However, when I walked into this 24 I was impressed. Yeah, I've seen better, but usually when they are better they are also packed and you have to wait for machines. I've never had an issue with anything that I want to use being taken. There are so many options and the place is nice and open. The bathroom/locker room area wasn't uncleanly when I was there and I've never had trouble finding a locker either. The only thing I would change is the size of the TVs in the cardio area. I have great vision, but even so, if I am 2 rows away from the TV I can't see the score of the game because it's too small. Otherwise, the staff is friendly, the place is clean, and you have options. I approve!
3	First time I've been to this gym.This is actually really close to where I'm staying during my trip out to Vegas. Convenience. I like that. My buddy and I parked and headed toward the front entrance. Sliding doors open to reveal a good sized gym. Let the buffness begin!Environment: The gym is decent sized. It probably looked bigger because there weren't too many people working out (around 30 total). The equipment is spaced out with machines that isolate muscles appropriately grouped in the same area. Music plays in the background but it's not loud enough to actually enjoy (especially when the guy next to you is throwing weights around) or motivating enough to get you to work harder. The ceilings are high meaning that there's inadequate ventilation. In other words, you get to smell the sweaty guy next to you in all his/her glory. Wonderful.Trainers: I didn't actually see one trainer walking around the gym. The only employers were the two at the front desk and the people fixing machines. The two "trainers" at the front aren't really role models for those trying to lose weight. I'm sorry for having to compare this gym to my home gym in AH but our trainers would run circles around the ones here.Machines: This was the highlight of the entire facility. THEY ACTUALLY FIX THEIR EQUIPMENT IN A TIMELY FASHION!!!Gym members: I don't profess to be of admirable physique. But, being an athlete for more than three quarters of my life (and having a few body building friends) I know a thing or two about lifting. The guys here, first of all, are much smaller than those back at my gym from home. Secondly, the "big" guys here don't work put there legs. I think the accepted term is "chicken" legs. Third, the "big" guys tend to stand around and talk a lot.Recommendation: I'm always a big supporter of being healthy. Please go to a gym or be self motivated to keep healthy.
2	I recently cancelled my 24 hr gym membership after 5 years and 3 cities. This was the gym closest to my house that I actually tried to avoid and would drive to the one on Ann rd an extra 5 miles just because this one was so bad. This 24 Hr is really outdated with old equipment, only 4 channels on itty bitty TV's to watch and it is fairly dirty. The big thing they needed to figure out was more gym cleaning stuff and not let it run out all the time. How hard is it to refill a paper towel dispenser. I have been in probably 15 different 24 hr fitnesses on the west coast and this is probably in the bottom 3.
3	Decent gym... It's been around for a while, but the equipment is in good shape.  One thing that annoys me is that they have two pair of every set of dumbbells 5 - 150.  Very few people use anything over 75, but EVERYONE uses the 10-50.  C'mon guys... replace some of those heavy ones with some 25's and 30's.  Just sayin.
3	This gym is kind of nasty. They definitely need to upgrade it. I only go for the classes, which they need more of.
3	I like this gym. its close, has everything I need, and its convenient. Could use a little more variety in free weights I.e. half sizes or more of the lighter weights. Bottom line its a good gym to get a great workout. One thing I will say is please clean your bathrooms more frequently because people are just plain gross. oh and PLEASE KEEP THE PAPER TOWEL DISPENSERS FULL AND ON DECK!!!!!!
1	I currently go to LVAC but my dad goes to 24 hour fitness. When he came to town he wanted to take me to one. So we went to this one and were sad we did. First strike: They refused to let me as a guest try the gym without paying. Seriously ten dollars. Weird because I thought every gym had a 7 day pass to try the gym. Nope.Second strike: He told my dad he needed to sign the parent/guardian portion of my guest paper. I was like I'm 28 and the reception guy said oh you look really young. Seriously I don't look like I'm 16. He was also very rude about it. I wanted to say "dude not only do I get paid a whole lot more than you but I have my flippin masters so suck it".Third strike: I was trying to figure out out to watch the TV since there wasn't a plug in on my machine. Tried to find another employee to ask but no one was around. Of 3 of there TVs were out anyway. OH and no FANS!!!!!My advice go to LVAC this place was so unfriendly.
4	This gym tends to get below average reviews due to its size, cleanliness, and volume of equipment. Having said that, this may be most people's worst gym. However, this gym is actually my favorite. I'm here about 4 days a week, sometimes twice a day. This gym is full of regulars. Like Cheers, where everyone knows your name.  I don't have a problem with the staff. In fact, they are like an extended family for me. I'm always greeted by name when I enter and leave. And no, they are not cheating by reading the computer screen. Usually greeted before I sign in. Feels like home here. When I walk in, usually get the hellos and nods from the other regulars. What I like most about this gym is that people are here to workout. Get in, get out.I do avoid this gym on Monday and Tuesday nights due to how crowded it can get. And, it's only crowded, because it's small. The rest rooms are filthy, but I don't use them anyway. Overall, gave this gym 4 stars because I'm able to get the type of workout I search for. People here tend to respect your workout and save their chatter with you once you're done.
1	This is the Closest Club to my house that has a Steam Room, Sauna, Whirlpool and an Indoor Swimming Pool - all unisex. Perfect ! I thought. The front desk was uninterested when I gave my Guest Pass, Next the Locker area was Spartan but adequate, Bring Your Own Towels, The shower was in need of Bleach as was the Steam Room. The Steam Room was filled with wet Paper Towels, Empty Plastic Bottles and a Funky Smell. The Sauna was under Repair, however it was working the next day, but it was being used by Members as a Lounge Retreat and they made it obvious no one was welcome to interrupt their environment by continuing to lay all over the benches. The Whirlpool was at 102 degrees - far too cool to get any benefit. I did not use the pool, however it looked fine, except for the member complaining how dirty it was the day before.The Gym equipment was being wiped down by No One - Members Nor Staff. There was no individual TV access at any of the equipment - Just Rafter Mounted TVs where you needed a Radio to Tune in to the Small TVs.The Floor in the Class Area was being replaced due to roof leakage and all classes were cancelled for the week - since they have No Secondary space.I found the $ 33.00 per month charge out of line for the qualiy of this gym. If this place were Clean and Updated and they enforced a Few Courtesy Rules on it's members It would Be Perfect - Until then It's just a Mess!
5	I've been going to this gym off and on for a few years. I have a personal trainer now so I'm there at least three times a week if not more. The staff is always pleasant and I do not have a problem with the cleanliness. My two favorite people are Diona (my trainer) and Tim. Diona is always motivating and helpful. She has helped me lose weight that I have been struggling to lose. Tim trained me once when Diona wasn't available and he was also amazing. For someone who has only trained me once, he is still just as friendly and remembers my name. He never fails to say hello. This is a great gym with great people. Thank you!
5	This 24 Hour Fitness has everything I need in a gym.  I've seen bigger and newer 24 HFs, but this one has a great energy to it.  They have tons of machines, so there's rarely a wait to get on anything you need.  I often use the pool/steam room/sauna facilities, and I have had no problems there.  Some have said here that the locker rooms are not clean, but I think they are fine.  I see cleaners circulating around the facilities nearly every time I am working out.I don't love going to classes in general, but the ones that I have gone to here are really fun.  I've done the Zumba and Body Pump.  Every teacher I had was friendly and energetic, and really made an effort to learn people's names.  My best experience here was with personal training.  I tried several trainers out, but ultimately found a good fit for me with Brenda.  She is very knowledgeable and created some really good workouts for me.  Before I had her, I had a trainer that left suddenly.  Management practically bent over backwards to make sure I was happy with my new trainer.  They are also always having promotions for personal training prices so if you are interested in this, keep your eyes open around the gym for fliers with details.
4	Staff at the front desk is excellent, no interaction with any other staff member. This is a nice, small facility, despite that I was able to get on a machine then onto the weights with no problem. Nothing bad to say about my first experience here.
4	I really like this gym. Always clean when I go. Nice amount of people around 2-4 gets busy around 7-9. The afternoon venyassa yoga class was nice, great instructor. Not as intimate as other yoga classes but great for gym yoga. Love this gym.
2	Not impressed with this location. The inside was dark, dingy, and in desperate need of an update. The locker room floor was wet (more than what's typical and not near the showers) and many of the lockers with built-in locks didn't work. The equipment was ok, though it took me a few tries to find a treadmill that didn't have broken parts. The cardio area (floor mats, stretching, exercise balls) was small and difficult not to run into people. Also, our membership was expiring soon and upon checking in, got a sales pitch about signing up again and had to talk to staff to get our check in approved. There were male staff cleaning the women's locker room so I had to hurry to get my stuff and change before the cleaning. Is it not possible to find female staff for the ladies locker room?I've been to some lovely 24 hour fitness locations, but this one could use some help. Though the reason for not renewing my membership is primarily because the town we currently live in does not have a 24 hour fitness location, I think I'll stick with Gold's in the future.
5	The wife and I scheduled a TRX training/familiarization session with Brenda last month.  She gave us a personalized training session incorporating the TRX program to our specific needs.  She was very professional and helpful.  The workout she suggested gave me a good burn that I haven't felt in awhile.  I would definitely recommend the TRX workout as well as the professional training experience from Brenda for a great gym session.  Since then, we've been incorporating the TRX program into our gym sessions...Thx Brenda!!!
5	I will change my review,  the classes are full some times, but they are really fun. The best instructor is Jasmine.  She is awsome. I have gone for 2 months and really like it. Wish there were more classes for zumba steps.
4	I remember when this place was built 15 years ago.  We have been coming here on and off for many years and just recently moved back to the area.  The gym is everything I want and a little more.  The place is a good size and I've never had a hard time finding equipment to use.  They also offer a wide variety of classes throughout the week.  I've never used the pool or sauna but they seem to be nice and quite popular.It is good to see they have security guards now.  They used to have a problem several years back with people breaking into lockers.  The sales staff here is a little aggressive but it doesn't sway or bother me.The gym is clean, has plenty of equipment, and parking is never a problem.  There is not much more I could ask for.
5	Just finished my Zumba workout with Jasmine. She is the best Zumba instructor in town in m opinion. Awesome workout and great extra assistant instructors just in case you get lost lol.
5	This is my go-to location. Friendly staff (even more-so if you're a regular and they recognize you), clean facility and never crowded. I never have an issue getting right to the machine I want to use. Maintenance must be a priority as I rarely see "out of service" signs on any of the equipment
