5	I have gone in there several times for my sick dog, Lola. I have had nothing but friendly service & good prices. The vets here are amazingly friendly and took care of my dog really well. They genuinely care about the well being of my dog as much as I do. They also have been really responsive when it comes to getting an appointment in same day too. I have to say that by far, this has been one of the best places to get my dog checked out and healthy.They also treat cats too, but my experience has only been with my dog.
5	Finding a good vet can be a daunting task, and finding one that is friendly is even harder!  I have found both at the Family Pet Hospital.  I bring my two dogs here and the staff is excellent.  Dr. Sura is very nice and friendly.  She always gets down on the floor with the dogs and plays with them before doing her exam.  The prices are quite reasonable.  There are only two doctors here so you are not always seeing someone different.  I highly recommend this hospital.
5	I called ahead of time before making an appointment to ask some health questions about blood work for our dog. The receptionist was extremely helpful and very sweet which instantly convinced me after calling a few vets that this was the one I wanted to take our dog too. It also worked out nicely being so close to our house. The Doctor was also very helpful and understanding. We were sent by a dog trainer to get blood work due to our dogs "aggression" and instead of the doctor just agreeing to do it to make money, she informed us the symptoms of each of the problems we wanted to check and said that our dog's aggression did not fall under any of the categories. She even had some recommendations for trainers and behaviorists that she has worked with herself with her own dogs. We were very grateful for her insight and her obvious love for dogs. The exam was reasonable too, under $50. We do not permanently live in Arizona but I am glad that we will have a place to go if need be in the future!
1	Unfortunately, I can't agree with the other reviewers here.  I have taken my animals here for a few years, and I will be finding a new vet ASAP.  The prices here are higher than vets in other parts of the East Valley (probably on par for Scottsdale though).  The biggest problem I have is the high-pressure sales pitch I get every time I go in...even if it's just to buy cat food.  On my last visit, I was asked 3 times if "I was sure" I didn't want to buy their $600 "wellness plan" for my cat.  When I explain that I simply can't afford these things, I just get looks of reproach and end up feeling like I'm a bad pet owner.  In addition, they tend to hold you hostage here on prescription items.  On more than one occasion I've gone to get a refill of Heart Guard or prescription food (mind you it's a 30 minute drive for me) and been told I can't have it until they see my pet for some mystery appointment that they suddenly need even thought they are up-to-date on their exams/check-ups.  Last straw was when they refused to honor a coupon that I had printed off of their website the day before because they forgot to put  "for new patients only" on the coupon or anywhere on the website.  I'm done with this place, but if it works for you, great!
5	Dr. Sura and staff are the BEST around. I think of my pups as my children and Dr. Sura loves animals just the same. She has helped my new rescue beat heartworm AND cancer!!!!!!!  If you need an incredibly attentive, knowledgable vet, do yourself a favor and take all your furry pals to her :)
5	Dr. Sura and her staff are the best.  I have been taking my dog there for years.  The prices are reasonable and I can always get an appointment when I need one.  I do participate in the wellness plan because it is a good deal if you take your pet for regular health care.  It also saves you money if your pet requires prescription food.  Most of all Dr. Sura discovered a cancerous tumor in my dog and because of her quick action she made a quick recovery and is still cancer free one year later.  I highly recommend Family Pet Hospital.
1	Hi, I'm Jacqueline ledesma and my dogs name is Jared and he is 17 years old. I just want to rate this place as the WORST pet hospital ever.. My dog has been coming here for a couple of years cause it was a bit cheaper.. (not always good) now and haves been seeing by Dr. Shannon Sura. I tryed scheduling an appointment today for the same procedure that had been done before in the last couple of months and NOW she will NO longer see him untill he has all all of his vaccinations done for a simple procedure that she has done before!! I will NO longer ever come here again! RUDE!!!!!! And try's to make u spend MORE money then what u have too..., Don't try to cut corners for a good vet!!
5	Hands down, best vet in the valley.  Dr. Sura gets down and sits with the dog, pays attention, plays a little with them and makes them happy to go there....seriously, my dog is excited to go to the vet.She has saved my boxers life on numerous occassions including the very first visit when she was just a two pounder, now shes a whopping 60 pounder.  Thanks again FPH, you guys Rock.
5	Dr Sura is great. They try to sell you on product and service beneficial to your pet, but not high pressure. The Doctor and her staff are all helpful and knowledgeable. I would not hesitate to recommend.
5	Took my cat in to be checked for ring worms. Dr. Sura was so awesome, she even brought me to the back room and let me look under the microscope so I could see the ring worms for myself! She cares about my cats so much that she has even sent me txt messages weeks later asking how they are doing! I know she is a great vet because I can tell she actually cares :-)
