5	This Brooks Brothers store has just opened in its new location which is located in Phillips Place, near Southpark mall.This is a larger store, and has a very beautiful layout, which is much nicer than the older location which was in Southpark.As you walk into the main entrance, we were greeted with wine and water. It opens up into the men's section, which offers a wider variety of clothing, and is well laid out. It continues into the mens suits, ties, leather goods and shoes.  The ladies section has its own entrance and is also much larger than its previous location, The children's section is just adorable. I have added a few pictures for your enjoyment.I am so happy these folks were able to get this excellent location.  It just makes this shopping experience more personal than the mall setting.  This is the go to place for all adults, and spoiled kids who value the way they look.5 Stars for "Brooks Brothers"NCFoodGuy
1	I went in looking for a few pairs of socks and ordered 3 custom shirts from them. The sales staff was very professional and curteous.  The tailor expertly measured me and I should have the shirts in about 5-6 weeks. The cost was around $88 per shirt.Okay update.  The shirts came in and they were BIG.  WTF?  So the sales guy was absolutely horrified. I asked him," Did you just take two down from your rack and put these tags on here? Because that is what this looks like. I mean what was the point with all of the measurments if you were just going to give me something like this?"The look of abject horror on his face said it all.  He could not figure out what happened and offered me a solution. So they were going to re-cut two and luckily one was still at the factory and hadn't been cut yet. I gave them a custom shirt that I was wearing and they measured that for reference. They should have been mortified. I waited about 3 more weeks and then picked them up but they were still wrong.I washed them and the collars kept flopping over and the yoke was too big. So I brought them back and told them that although I had been with them for years, as my clothier they were fired!They ought to be embarrased!The flagship store on Madison Ave in New York has a computer that takes all of your measurements in a few seconds.  I could have saved a lot of time if I had known that and gone there when I was in New York City a few weeks back.  They ought to send that device down here to Charlotte and let the computer measure people because there is a serious diconnect between what they take and what gets made.I filled out the customer service form the same day and have still not heard back from them.Crickets!ddc
5	I took advantage of their recent made to measure event to purchase a new suit, sportcoat and some custom shirts.  The quality of the service from my sales associate Janet was top notch!  After choosing patterns and placing the order she found out that one of my choices was no longer being manufactured.  She called me and drove to meet me at my office uptown to make alternate choices so I wouldn't have to make a separate trip back to the store.  When the order arrived, the fits were all perfect and I only needed the suit pants hemmed.  Quality was exceptional.  Randy and Chris that worked with me on tailoring were also great to work with.I'll definitely patronize this store in the future.
1	Came here looking for some slim cut dress shirts for work.  There was no immediate service when I walked into the store, which I liked actually.  However, when I asked a rep (some 40+ yr old guy) to try one on, he said the store policy doesn't allow that.  Really?  Maybe it was because I walked in there with t-shirt and jeans.  I badgered a bit, and he finally got this nasty SHORT-sleeved dress shirt that smelled really really bad from the back room.  Horrible prices, horrible service.I just went to Southpark Mall afterwards and picked up dress shirts there, where they let you try them for fit and had great service (Belk).
