5	Dr. Layton has been our Ob/Gyn doctor since 2007. He's a great Doctor and all our experiences with him have been positive. He's polite, has great bedside manner, takes time with patients to answer questions and he's attentive to patients' needs. He has delivered 2 of our babies and will be delivering our 3rd later this year. We're glad we were referred to him.
5	Since our Ob/Gyn had moved to another state, I asked my friend (a nurse at Gateway's labor and delivery unit) if she could refer a Doctor that could perform a great repeat c-section and that had a good personality. She told me about Dr. Layton.  I had liked my last doctor that delivered my boys (via c-section), but I think I love Dr. Layton even more! I had our first appointment this week, and my husband and I were impressed with the details given & how he would answer our questions! He was kind, very clear, and wanted us to be happy with his work... Not an erogant Doc thinking its about them, but that it's about our needs and the baby's needs. He took his time with us & we really are looking forward to our future visits & delivery!
5	Dr Layton is the most amazing OBGYN ever.  I appreciate his caring personality, but in my opinion the thing that is really important are their skills when its game time.  He has done 3 C-sections for me.  He is absolutely an amazing surgeon.  My scar is smaller and far nicer than anyone else's scar I have ever seen.  With each C-section he seems to make the scar look even better.   He also had do a couple d and c's for me and was so great throughout the miscarriage process. I cant say enough.  Pick this doctor you will not be disappointed!!!
2	I did my research on Dr. Layton before going.  He has great reviews - all over the web, not just on Yelp. About me:  32, 1st time prego, been to another OBGYN since I was 20.  Didn't really care for her practice any more and figured this was as good a time as any to OB shop.My appointment went well.  He was really nice and pretty insistent on some things that I wasn't fond of (full pap smear even though I had already had one recently, full breast exam even though I just had one, and full "regular" exam); THEN he finally got to the ultrasound.  He wasn't too great on giving me advice regarding my personal trainer (what I could and could not do anymore) which was really important to me.  He also didn't let me listen to the heartbeat for very long - (maybe 4 seconds literally) which was kind of a big moment for me!When did it get bad?  The next day I got a call from EVDI for my mammogram.  I called them back (they had left a message) and asked, "What mammogram?"  They said, "Dr. Layton ordered you a mammo for the lumps found in your left breast."  Well - that's news to me!!  So I called over to Dr. Layton's office to ask about it after canceling the order.  The woman at the front desk said, "Oh yeah, the nurse mixed up your charts and sent the wrong one to EVDI."  No apology.  No, "We should have called you."  Nothing.  That's kind of a FRIGHTENING call to get, for one.  And for two, what if I had gone and gotten a mammo!?Today was my second appointment after not hearing anything.  I didn't get a confirmation call and, frankly, I didn't feel like going to my appointment.  When I didn't go I expected a call.  Guess what?  AGAIN no call.  They really lost me at the "oooops, wrong file" issue without apology.  That's quite a big error.  Today when they didn't even notice I didn't show up for my appointment or call to confirm it...  Shows me you don't care about your patients at all.  Maybe he does - but his shared office staff doesn't.
