5	A VEGAN REVIEWGENERAL: From the outside this restaurant does not look extra special but when you walk in you will be greeted politely and find that the mood is very calm and comfortable. Thai pepper is air conditioned and has a large beautiful bathroom for customers. SERVICE: The Thai Pepper staff was friendly and very helpful. They helped us figure out which dishes were the vegan ones and even modified one of the dishes to make it vegan. The food arrive quickly.FOOD: Thai Peppers food was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. We ordered the Satay Tofu, spring rolls, Vegetable Fried rice (which is NOT vegan but they kindly made it for us without egg.) and other dishes that I cant remember. It was all very flavorful and not oily. It was the kind of food that you have to close your eyes to eat.I definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone, but especially the hungry vegans who are only surviving their Las Vegas trip with Ronald's Vegan donuts and cheese-less pizza. Go have some dinner! Go to THAI PEPPER!
3	Thai Pepper has thoroughly enjoyable Thai Food with friendly service at reasonable prices.  They're located near my house and they deliver which is wonderful and rare in Las Vegas. My favorites are the Pad Se Eww, Tom Yum Kung Kai and the Shrimp Dumplings.
5	The food was great - we had the Panang, Pad Thai, Cashew Chicken, Chicken Satay, eggrolls, bbq squid.Mongolian beef wasn't great.Thai basil beef was with finely ground beef instead beef strips.The atmosphere was okay, the service was pretty good for a thai place.What I care most about is the delicious food, so 5 stars.
4	Sad to see the lunch specials go however I will continue to come back. the garlic chicken is really good. Great curries. nice staff kinda has a family feel to it, hope it survives these hard times
2	Decided to give this place a try after finding it on Restaurant.com.  I'd have to say that I should have ordered something else, but I didn't.  I had the rad Na with seafood, and I wasn't overly impressed.The Rad Na came with a lot of seafood: shrimp, squid, fish balls, mussels, and imitation crab.  The sauce was a sweet and sour sauce that was spicy.  It wasn't all that bad if you don't know Thai food.. almost like a spicy Chinese dish.  However, Rad Na is supposed to have a dark gravy sauce on it, and this just didn't cut it.  I did have the Thai tea, which was good.  The service was absurdly good.  The cute little Thai waitress was full of smiles and helpful suggestions (although it was a little hard to understand her).  I will have to try some of their other dishes some time and update my review if I find other dishes that are better, but for now I can't recommend this spot.Sorry, Thai Pepper waitress!
4	Five star food, 2 star setting.I love good thai food.  Spicy as hell, and this place delivered.  They gave me a kinda funny look when I said I wanted the food at a spicy level of 10, as if to say "you don't really want that, do you round-eye?", but they still delivered.  The food was so hot I was damn near crying, and loved every second of it.On top of that, it just plain tasted incredible.Another thing - not a huge deal, but when I order a "thai iced tea" I want it to have the tapioca balls in it, and most places don't do that, but this place did.  Important to me, but I'm just odd like that.The booths were comfy, but nothing special, the decor was pretty plain.If you like excellent food at excellent prices and don't care about frilly decor, this is the place for you.
1	Stay FAR AWAY from this place, the staff is horrible.  They don't know the hotels on the strip, let alone their own menu.  Then, they said they were going to run my card and call me back in 5 to confirm, then dial tone.  I called them 20 minutes later and they told me they were not going to deliver my order, and I guess they weren't going to call to tell me this.  They pretty much accused me of being a criminal with a stolen card.  Yuck.
1	My bad luck during the vacation continued.  Another place with staff that cant' speak English.  Is that too much to ask?  Seriously... I have been to way too many foreign-language restaurants recently.  I'm beginning to think I need to stick to the big chains and stop being so adventurous.These guys were out of spring rolls, out of soup, and still charged us the same for the lunch specials.  They even still charged me for extra white rice.  Is there no decency anymore?  If mean, if you're not providing all of these other items, isn't it common courtesy to not charge for steamed rice?  REALLY??The food was average, but I can't get past being charged for white rice.  Really...
4	Again, my reviews for Thai food are biased as I m a huge fan of Thai food. We found this place on Yelp (my partner in search). Actually, we went here for dinner on New Year's eve. Though they were about to close, they still took our orders and stayed till we finished. The food was excellent and authentic Thai. The only issue was the food was surprisingly slow (compared to other Thai/Asian restaurants) to arrive and they had only one person taking the order for the whole restaurant. We did come back the second time for lunch the next day. Will go back for sure when I visit LV..
4	Thai Pepper, your food is totally 3 stars - tasty, but can't compete in quality with Komol and Lotus, mere blocks down the street.BUT - BUUUUUUUUUT! they DO deliver to my neighborhood, so they get a big shiny extra star for that.  Obviously, this only means something to anyone who can benefit from said delivery, but that's kind of a big deal for a vegan who literally has NO other delivery options. (Komol claims they deliver, but they don't.)Lots of vegan and vegetarian options, or things that can be modified.  We had a green curry, tofu nam sod, pad kee mao, and pad woo sen.  Everything was perfectly fine, but not the best in the 'hood.  We will definitely be ordering from this place again when we are too lazy or too drunk to pick up from Komol!
4	Place doesn't look impressive but the pud see ewe is just top notch. Very very good food.
3	I have some colleagues that work in the area and we'll meet here for lunch from time to time.  It's not the best Thai food in town, but their lunch menu is pretty cheap, you can find items around $5, and the service is not too bad.Was just here recently and it's still A-OK.....I had the Pad Thai.  It was good, but not great.....didn't leave me wanting more.  I come here mainly for the company.  Lunch was quick and our orders were accurate.Return Factor - 30%
1	I came for a business meeting, which justified assuaging my curiosity regarding the place since I pass it quite often. I had high hopes; I started with thai iced coffee that was dark, flavorful and sweet, but things deteriorated from there. Once all of us had placed our orders, the food came out in odd segments. Two people were served while the other two sat and waited awkwardly. Those who had food didn't want to dig in and be rude, so they sat and waited with us for 5-10 minutes. We were given one large rice bowl for four people, which was quickly doused in curry sauce. We sampled the papaya salad, which was decent. A fair portion for $5-6 bucks, but nothing to do a jig of joy over.I ordered the roast duck curry. There were a few pieces of duck swimming in the sauce, but it seemed that it was mostly skin/fatty bits and a few pieces of vegetable. At $7-8 it's not horridly expensive, but it's not a generous serving of protein OR vegetables; it's just a whole lot of sauce. Halfway through the meal, one girl found a large cork-screw shaped piece of metal in her food. It didn't cut her mouth, but was alarming nonetheless. Risk of ingesting metal with little other filler? Meh. I'd rather go down the street, there are far better finds in Vegas. Too bad.
1	very bad customer service!!!! called in for delivery and the guy that didnt speak engligh picked up and never placed my orders.. he told me it would take about 15 min and i waited more than an hour so finally called back.. MY ORDER WAS NEVER PLACED!!! then he told me that he never got the order from me and laughed and hung up on me!!! BAD BAD BAD!!!
2	We like buying gift certificates off Restaurant.com to experience different restaurants around las vegas without too much to lose. So we have to spend 35.00 to receive 25.00We ordered the appetizer sampler, a bbq pork soup, pad see eiw and shrimp fried rice. First of all all the pictures look completely different from what is actually served.Every single item on the app was fried even the pot stickers! The BBQ pork soup was like water with some cabbage and CHICKEN not BBQ pork inside. Weird huh! Pad sei eiw was ok, pretty salty though! Shrimp fried rice was ok but the shrimp wasn't cooked enough. kinda light light pink almost transparent and we didnt eat it.We asked for the bill and the waitress offered us a 5% discount if we used cash.I gave her the certificate and she went to process it. She came back and said we could only use the certificate if we were going to use cash. Whats with this lady and cash?! I told her to please show me where it says you have to pay cash to use the restaurant.com certificate. She accepted my card. For 20.02 tip included  we had a meal and were somewhat full, but i wish i had gone to SMASHBURGER to spend my money. *completely off topic i know* (:Look for another place if you want to have awesome thai food! its not here!
2	Three words no chicken wings!
4	It's been quite a while since I've had decent Thai food so I went into this thinking it would be pretty sub par. Maybe lowered expectations are the key, but I was really happy with it. It's relatively cheap , and they have a pretty decent lunch special  from 11-3. I ordered the red curry at a medium spice level. I typically eat very spicy food, but being my first time there I figured it would be safer to start medium to gauge it. It was the perfect amount. It had a good kick without taking away from the flavor, and I was having to ration out my water intake towards the end. So even if you do like spicy food be warned that medium is quite hot. Our entrees did come out at separate times which I imagine can be slightly awkward especially in larger groups, but all in all the food was good, the service was quick, and the bill was pretty low.
4	Dad and I stumbled across this place when we were considering going to eat at India Oven. We saw the $5.95 Lunch Special and were drawn in by the cheap price.I had the Garlic Pepper Chicken and he had the Mongolian Beef, and both were excellent! We also ordered some Chicken Fried Rice, which was pretty decent once you mixed it up with the sauces that came with each of the entrees. I asked for my food to be as spicy as they could make it, and I found that it was still pretty mild, though tasty. Our combo meals included Vegetable Soup and Veggie Egg Rolls, but we passed on both since neither of us are huge fans of either of those items. Not a bad deal at all for $5.95 each!
4	Very happy with my meal at this place last night. Both takeout portions were quite large and tasty. The Veggie fried rice had some unusual elements including roasted tomatoes and fresh cucumber for garnish. It also had cabbage and all the veggies were fresh. The scale of hotness here is 1-10, which I think is way better than 1-5, because it gives me some more flexibility. I don't dare go over a 1 on the shorter scale, but opted for a 2 with my Ginger Chicken and it was an excelent dish with small flecks of chili peppers, loaded with green and white onions and fresh peppers and large slices of white meat chicken. Even though I ordered fried rice, they still gave me steamed rice too which was nice. Prices are unbreatable at $6.50 for rice and one buck more for the chicken entree.
4	Yum!We took the monorail to the stop at the Mirage(closed) and walked down the million stairs to street level.  We walked a short distance to a busy intersection and the restaurant was in the strip mall right off the corner.  Next time I'll take a taxi as the food costs pays for it compared to on-strip pricing.We had three entrees including soup and everything was excellent.  The flavors were a little different as if we were eating a regional variety of Thai food instead of the super americanized version.  I went back the next day to eat there again.The vibe is relaxed and the owners kids were doing homework in the back.
2	Food was good but they had no Thai tea, so I ordered coconut juice. No coconut juice. It didnt help that The food server was kind of a knuckle head.
3	Came back to this place close to the hotel after enjoying my first meal there. I ordered the exact same dish which was ginger chicken, but got a different result this time. The portions seemed to have shrunk in size by almost 1/2, the large slices of white meat chicken were replaced by smaller pieces of chicken, some of which were fatty and it basically just wasn't as tasty. I entered about 8pm on a Tuesday night and nobody was in the place at all, so maybe the cook decided to hurry up and make my takeout order so he could go back to enjoying the family milling around. With so Thai places around, they need to excel everytime or else we are off down the street to the next one as will be the case with me.
1	Now serving a side of roach with your curry.!!!Well that was what I got in my  red curry this past Monday July 9th ... I have been to this place several times before and even though I was aware of its not so fancy location, I have enjoyed what I considered decent food for not too much money.  That was until recently, when I noticed a roach stuck on the inside of the clear plastic take out container for my red curry.  I found the nasty surprise after I had enjoyed the last spoonful of tofu and veggies with some of the broth and after I had put my spoon back in the container.  I was about to pick up the container to dispose of it and there it was, stuck to the side of the container after I had enjoyed the last bite and only some of the curry broth was left in the container. This was no doubt, the worst experienced I have ever had while eating out!  Who knows how many times this had happened previously, considering that the employee or owner of this place was very apologetic, first over the phone, then in person, and did not even question the fact that I wanted my money back. She even dared to ask if I wanted something else...  Give me a break!!!!  When I got to the restaurant  to get my money back and showed them the proof of my horrible experience, all the lady could  say was that she was sorry and that she would tell the cook to be more careful.  Really????Needless to say, I am never going back to this place, and who knows when,  if ever, would I get take out or Thai food again... At least not for a good while , but if I do, I would be very paranoid and extremely cautious.  Let's face it, these things happen, insects get into these places, but the fact that these things end up in your food makes you wonder how careless they are when it comes to hygiene before and right up  until the food is prepared, that is just simply ridiculous and inexcusable!!!
5	Great tasting yellow curry. Delivery to UMC was prompt and the order taker was polite and accurate. Thanks guys!
4	I'm new to Vegas and don't really know where to go for good food locally. I called in an order for lunch today at Thai Pepper. By the time I got there my food was ready to go, nice and hot. I ordered the Panang Curry and it was delicious! I got it at heat level 3 which has kick but still allows you to taste the flavors in the curry.I will be dining here again.
4	THEY DELIVER! I was staying at Circus Circus and found Thai Pepper on Yelp. I discovered that other places nearby claim to do delivery but don't. For Thai Pepper's delivery I had to go to the lobby to meet the delivery guy, but that was better than eating in the restaurant options downstairs, esp. after a day of LVCC exhibition and work stuff.My tom yum soup $8 and cat fish red curry with rice $13 was pretty spicy - despite ordering Medium - so if you like it cooler order accordingly. The flavor was very tasty and not too salty unlike so many other food joints. There was plenty of sauce to soak into the white rice. If my room had a fridge and microwave I'd have it again tomorrow as this order was enough for two people!The delivery guy was friendly. My only complaint was that no one mentioned the $5 delivery charge on the phone (it is on the menu that comes with your order.) Oh, and the plastic cutlery was really crap and bends when eating the hot food.P.S. I think Nancy H.'s review looks like a fake one.
1	Posted on their window is a sign that says Lunch Special for $5.95. We went in and sat down to check the menu. Tried to order the special and was told the special is M-F only. Two other groups came in after us looking for the same special, and were equally disappointed. All they need to do is add two words to that sign saying "weekdays only" so as not to mislead people. The food is ok nothing spectacular. They skimped on the noodles in the pad thai and loaded it instead with a whole lot of bean sprouts just to fill the plate.
3	Recently went here for lunch with a few co-workers and I was not overly impressed.  The place only had one person working, so thankfully it was not busy or we could have be waiting a long time.  We were there while the lunch specials were still offered and we all ordered variations.  Initially we were given menus and allowed a few minutes to decide and then when it came time to order, the waiter started taking orders and then simply forgot to take the last person in our groups order.  We were a group of six and after taking the fifth order, he simply walked away and started doing other things.  After everyone got to order, the food started arriving within a decent time frame considering there was only one waiter.I started with the pot stickers and they were pretty tasty.  Unlike the other pan fried pot stickers I have had, these were deep fried and it gave them a nice texture.  The soy based sauce that they were served with was also tasty, flavored with slices of pickled jalapeno.  I ordered the spicy basil chicken lunch special, which took longer to come out of the chicken than the other five dishes, a lot longer.  When I did receive my meal, I did think the flavor was pretty good, spicy but good.  Like most Thai places you order the spice level you desire on a scale of 1 -10 and I ordered a 5.  I would say their whole scale is a bit spicier than most, as the 5 was pretty dang spicy.  The lunch special came with a cup of very tasty vegetable soup in a clear broth.  Then the main dish was the spicy basil chicken, steamed rice and one small spring roll.  One pet peeve of mine is restaurants that serve canned soda, this is only made worse by charging $2 for said can of soda and that is how they do it here.  All in all I rounded up and gave this place 3 stars when the service etc made me want to assign 2 stars.  Overall the flavors were still quite good and that is ultimately what matters in my book.  I would return buy only for the lunch special, if it was any more expensive it would not be worth it.
5	love this hole in the wall thai place.  they have a great lunch special and is just off strip enough for locals to enjoy and for tourists to discover.  service is always friendly and helpful.  one of my favorite places for me and my fiancee to dine at.
2	Their lunch special is pretty affordable, yet they are not the best Thai food I have ever had. Not going back to that place ever. I got the BBQ-pork with sticky rice and papaya salad. The sticky rice is so not well cooked and I felt like getting grain. Papaya salad too spicy and doesn't taste too good. ( I requested MILD, and I am a spicy eater)Overall, not very happy.
4	Not sure if its run by the same owner, but use to come here all the time when they first open awhile back. The place still look the same:) and the food is still decent. I had me a beef noodle soup( ka diew luer) it sure hit the spot! I remember coming here doing thai karaoke back in the days. If you happen to be in the area or staying at a hotel nearby thai pepper is definitely a good option. If you come here late at night make sure you stick around for karaoke, cause its hella funny listening to my asian folks singing to Elvis haha.
5	Their basil chicken is delicious... I went here the 1st time w/ coworkers. I am not familiar with Thai Food. I ordered something which I found did not agree with my taste buds. I complained to management and requested not to pay. He was very kind and understanding. He said please offer me a chance to try The Chopped Basil Chicken. Since you like Chinese food you may enjoy this... I tried it and I loved it!!!! I try to visit here weekly or whenever nearby. My son and I share a serving it is excellent!!! Great service and food!
4	Delicious- but be warned- THEY MEAN SPICY!! We were looking for a non touristy spot to grab dinner during our quarterly vegas trip. Was in the mood for Asian food and this sounded promising. Me and the hubby started w the papaya salad, medium spice. Very flavorful, and the sauce at the bottom of the salad one hell of a kick to it. Then we split a chicken soup, medium spice, and it was delicious. Mushrooms, tomatoes, tender chicken, and lots of flavor. Def recommend getting the larger size- fair price and the novelty of the flame on your table is worth it.Then we got the basil chicken- and here is where we messed up- we asked for it spicy. They do not mess around w spicy. My Latino husband- Mr.-mas-caliente-about-everything-normally- was sweating and teary eyed. I had a cold, so my sinuses were kinda blocked- and I took too bites and cried. BE WARNED! When they say hot, they mean hot!!!!!!Otherwise great dinner and worth it. Oh, and my sinuses are clear now.
1	Ordered Panang curry and it was so ridiculously hot nobody couldn eat it. I asked for it a little hit and it was so incredibly hot that anyone who looked at it could not eat it. Plus they are not open hours they claim to be
4	Never lets me down.This place is small and deceiving.At a glance, it is a back ally location, in a crappy part of town, and it hard to see from the road.Inside, it is one of the best casual dining experiences you will find in Las Vegas. The food is excellent and the staff is friendly and helpful.They do quick To-Go dishes and will guide you in your selection. My Fav: Pad See-Ew w/ ChickenFat Noddles and spicy poultry :)
2	This place is very high for Thai food and I live in LA, home of overpriced food! The food wasn't worth the price to me. You got a lot but it was very bland. Extra star for the amazing Thai tea though. I would skip this place, I'm sure you could find better and cheaper Thai food in the area.
4	Super tasty thai food and I'll admit i was weary to enter...its in a back lot and very small but bar far this the best Thai I've had in Vegas in my 5 years living here. We had the combination platter, which was awesome but we did not need with the portion sizes they gave on the entrees-to start then the pineapple fried rice and the thai spice noodle with beef. Both were sooo good! Prices were reasonable as well.
3	Eaten at Thai Pepper a few times.. the thing is it's usually sufficient in that it's fresh dishes are good portions. The drawback for me is that the flavors are not balanced and sometimes the crispness of items like the tempura shrimp are soggy, and still served hot?  It's confusing for sure. I've also noticed that the spice level isn't consistent. Mild is really spicy, medium is really really spicy.. and I'm afraid to try "hot". This is from a guy that loves pretty spicy food.My least favorite item that I thought I would love was the ginger chicken. Really spicy.. but otherwise bland and not a whole lot of chicken. Lots of veggies, which is nice.. but not allot of meat. I've been a fan of their wonton soup however, and the crispy veggie eggrolls are good. Overall, I would prefer the fusion style Thai of places like LeThai on east Fremont. Happy Eating too you!
4	Wanted delivery Thai food at 9:45 on a Saturday night. Yelp said it was open until 4 a.m. so we gave it a try. Delivery took about 50 minutes. Ordered shrimp pad see ewe, panang curry (chicken) and basil chicken. We normally do medium spicy but because of all the other comments went with mild. The basil chicken is served ground, like beef, and was the spiciest. We could have probably ordered medium on everything else except that one. It's full of flavor and goes well alone or with rice (you don't have to order extra, they give you plenty). Pad see ewe was on par with everywhere else I've eaten it and not overly oily. The shrimp was *slightly* dry and didn't soak up all of the flavors, my only complaint. The panang was delicious, fragrant, sweet and subtly spicy. Will try medium next time and order with broccoli since it just came with chicken and peppers. Chicken was soft and tender. They also gave us a free order of egg rolls (5!) with our order (we spent over a certain amount), a bunch of sauces and five fortune cookies. Thai Pepper is far better than the King and I, and comparable to Komol.
5	One of my favorite spots for Thai food. I go on a weekly basis with my co-workers and it's so good every time.My favorite is the Pad Thai Chicken! :)
4	Great break from the casino fare.Good curry!
4	Ordered delivery to my hotel. They beat their estimated time by 10 minutes, and the food was hot & delicious. Have their yellow curry!
4	Excuse me as I melt as I eat their roasted duck curry  glorious. Big curry fan. Also got the spring rolls which were pretty much the same as anywhere but still good. I asked for a lemonade, got a small can of minute maid lemonade, they should let you know the size. I'm already thirsty again. Also got the pad thai noodles, overall good. I'd eat here again. Keeping menu.
4	The 3.5 rating is accurate. Had the Panang Curry, it came with lots of rice and tofu but not many vegetables.
5	Today was my first time ordering from there, the staff was very friendly and accommodating, the food took a little long because it was made fresh and it tasted amazing. Five thumbs up!!!!
2	We found this on grubhub and it was rated 4.5 stars. Coming from Southern California where asian food is available in every city, this is the most bland tasting asian food I've had in a while. I would genuinely prefer the flavors of Panda Express more.My girlfriend got the pad thai which was recommended by grubhub but it ultimately tasted like boiled noodles with rubber beef as a garnish. If it weren't for the lemon included, it would be virtually tasteless.I got the pineapple fried rice which is more flavorful in my opinion but is heavy on the curry powder. Aside from that, you really need to find a peice of raisin, pineapple, or  tomato, to add flavor to the rice with flickers of curry. Unlike the pad thai beef, the chicken does hold a smidge of flavor on it's own.Although those were our main dishes, the best part of the meal were our appetizers the potstickers and the free egg rolls (if you order more than $25). These 2 were obviously the easiest to make (deep fry) and were the best tasting. So thank goodness we didn't only order the entrees.Although the entrees were a bit bland, the appetizers and the fact that they delivered at midnight makes it somewhat satisfactory but it most definitely wasn't worth the price. This place just wasn't my Thai-pe (type).
3	A nice little hole in the wall Thai place. Need I say more?
4	A simple, inexpensive, casual dining experience in Vegas, away from the casino's  bustle. Plus, you can bring your own beer without a corkage fee. Nice!Food is made per order so it takes a little longer than at your regular fast thai food restaurant. The taste is great, the portions are fair, the server was helpful and the prices are reasonable.
4	Good place to eat and relax with old skool music:-) spice levels for me were off but I was able to add some heat when I needed it...fried dumplings were good and the combo noodles were good...i loved the flat noodles:-)
4	This is truly a hidden gem in Las Vegas.y favorite is the yellow curry chicken. It has great flavor and great spice. It is a small place but has great atmosphere and a friendly staff. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Thai meal off the beaten path...local or visitor.
5	By far the BEST thai food I've had in a while. Loved the restaurant in general the server was helpful and payed really good attention to us. Had an awesome time and will be back soon!!
3	For a sit down restaurant you can go to at 1am this place isn't half bad. The food is quite good but the service and the decor detracts from it. We were literally the only ones there and it still took 10 minutes to get our order taken. The nam sod was delicious as well as the pad see ew. I didn't care for the batter that the wings were drenched in.
5	Following advice on the yellow curry, I got that with chicken. Very good flavor and just the right hotness at medium spicy. It's not much to look at on the inside but it's cheap and tasty food in Vegas...a nice break from the hoopla of the big hotels.
5	Best Thai food in the area & great service. This is a must place to eat at. I eat here a lot n have always loved every dish I tried. Yellow Curry Chicken my personal favorite.
5	In a neighborhood with so many fantastic Thai choices, Thai Pepper has an uphill battle - but their food is soooooo good. We had spring rolls, pad see ew, and yellow curry - all were incredible. They also deliver which instantly sets them apart from the competition. The price was impressive too. Thanks for the great lunch!
4	Love love love it we got the yellow curry shrimp special a little spicy amazing sauce!! We also got fried tofu started which is my favorite in thai restaurants. And a sea food fried rice with thai iced teas. So yumm and very easy to get to from the strip!! Take the monorail to the last station on the northbound and you will see a mcdonalds BAM right there amazing food and great service. One thin I'm sad about no bubble tea but it's okay still satisfied
4	It was late and I wanted to order food instead of cooking my own or ordering the same old pie of pizza. So I start yelping for delivery places and found Thai Pepper restaurant.What made it even better was that I can order from the restaurant  directly through Yelp (Did not know you can do that).So anyways I had the combo Thai spice noodle, combo cashew nut entree and mango sticky rice. They are great with delivery and the delivery man was pleasant as well to make sure I had everything I ordered right.I was shocked on how good the food was especially the mango sticky rice. I will definitely order from here again!
5	This is how it all starts.Call GRUBHUB or actually place my order online.  All of a sudden I get the call, 'Kimberley?" in a very thick asian accent.  "Yes?"  (I wondering what's wrong....)"We have your order and we will be 20 min"..... okay I'm thinking,,,,, HUH?  what do you mean 20 minutes?  20 minutes till they get the order cooked and done or 20 minutes until you are on my front door?They had all the hotel info, but then informed me that they were not allowed up to the room.  I'm worried.... Does this mean that he is downstairs right freeking now???!  So I proceed to ask him a series of questions...... "ARE you downstairs right now???" , he says "No, 20 mins".  Im still puzzled.  He then says, "I'm not allowed to come up to your room, only lobby".  I'm thinking....are you in the lobby RIGHT NOW????  He says, "No, See you in 20 mins".  and I'm thinking ...okay, we have figured out the plan now.  Then he says "I've been waiting 20 mins".  OMG!!!!!!!! Now what?!?!?!!!!  Does this mean he has been WAITING downstairs for 20 mins now????!  What the hell!  Finally we come to an agreement that he is in fact, NOT downstairs and I tell him to call me when he is in the lobby.  He then says again, "See you in lobby", with a thick accent and very little english.  I'm going bat shit now....  I hang up thinking, am I going to see food tonight or not??   He calls in 15 more minutes, "Kimberley...I in lobby".  then he mumbles something about coming up to my room.  I'm thinking ARE YOU COMING TO THE DOOR???  He then states that security won't let him upstairs.  Well.... I can get security to bring you upstairs.... He then says, No, security says no..... I'm pulling my hair out by now.....All I had ready was a bathrobe and slippers.... so I went down to the lobby in front of everyone who was checking in..... to get my food.He's sitting there and jumps up right away.... GOOD GUESS...since we have never met before.Seriously, for the $, this food is totally legit.  Very authentic and very very tasty.I had the Papaya Salad, which was probably the best I've tasted in years & Red Curry with beef, it was so addictive I wanted to eat the entire tub full but that's way way too much, the chicken satay, it wasn't dry, tasteless at all with the same greasy peanut sauce that everybody uses...it was in fact a cut above.  Everything was fresh, the lettuce, the onions, the tomatoes.... everything was recently prepared just for my order and for that they get a GREAT BIG gold star!
4	This place is kind of hit, hit, or miss. Been going for years and sometimes it's very authentic Thai style and sometimes it's like I can hardly finish it. Very friendly though and great lunch special. Cool memorabilia on the wall makes the atmosphere fun. They are happy to remake if it's not the best but usually is. I've been to Thailand so my taste for Thai is probably not the typical American taste.
5	Absolutely loved the vegetarian silver noodle! So much food that I had to bring half back to the hotel. The sticky rice and mango was amazing!
1	I ordered the squid salad from this place.. And I was throwing up all afternoon.. Don't eat here if you want to spend the day healthy and happy
4	Every time that I have ate from here, which kid you not has been at least once a week. Their food and service has been great. Highly recommend everything from the menu. My favys and regulars are the chicken pad se-ew, beef fried rice, drunken noodles and the wonton soup. Very fulfilling, great taste and price.
1	Called to order because a friend had recommend it to me as something she ordered often by herself but when I called he said it had to be &25 minimum for delivery...even tough my friend has been ordering from them and it's been under $20...just disappointed they didn't even try to offer anything else. Thanks for help!!!
4	I don't give out this many stars to just any Thai restaurant since I'm Thai and know what authentic Thai food should taste like, but this place, for its location and price, totally deserves it!  All dishes I have ordered are exactly how they should be made without extra ingredients to Americanize the dish. My recommendations here are the Radna and the Drunken Noodle aka Pad Kee Mao! The service was one of the best as well. I will definitely be spreading the word and coming back for more.
1	I'm not sure if I would order here again.  The service was really sub par.  Who ever was on the phone was rude, the delivery time is slow, the food is okay, the sauce is watery.  I'm ordering pizza!
4	Reasons why I love Vegas... Places like THIS.It was 1am (no I wasn't drunk...so my star rating is not under the influence of alcohol on this occasion)We were just tired after a long drive in from Phoenix and starving. We stopped in and were greeted by friendly service, and delicious entrees. Prices VERY reasonable, and the cuisine was solid. Fresh ingredients (except for the spring rolls which tasted like they were from a box...hence the 4 stars instead of 5)Even at 1am, I felt like they cared just as much about our business as they do at the busiest dinner crowd times. I will definitely come back here again!
4	My husband and I had a craving for Thai food after a long night out with friends and we ended up placing an order for delivery to our hotel at 3:30AM. Order was delivered fast, everything was still hot and fresh. We ordered the combo appetizer, tom kha soup, chicken pad thai, chicken panang curry and thai iced tea. I wouldn't order the combo appetizer next time, it was all fried and didn't travel very well. However, everything else was awesome. The best part we got all of this for less than $50 delivered to our hotel in the wee hours of the morning. We will be returning the next time we're in Vegas !
4	I enjoyed the fact that I got a decent BBQ Pork Wonton Noodle at a reasonable cost near the Strip in Las Vegas. If you are staying at the SLS, it is a quick walk to Thai Pepper. The longest part is actually just crossing the street. It was nice to see a restaurant that is frequented by friendly locals. In addition, it must of been karaoke night because whomever was singing was on fire. They have all the Thai staples at this restaurant and in good portion too. If I stay at the SLS again, I'd definitely come to this spot again.
5	Awesome food at very reasonable prices! We ordered a panang curry and a pad thai vegetable. Portion sizes were also good!!
5	Was in Vegas from Pasadena CA for a friend's wedding Sept 2014, after the wedding, clubbing and a couple of drinks at 1:00 am I was hungry again. No buffet open at 1:00 am, no restaurants open nearby and tired as you can imagine. I told my fiance (wife now) I guess the only choice within walking distance is that McDonalds over there and with such disappointment she agree, as we got closer to McDonalds we noticed a sign that says Thai Food and with an open sign on the window so we quickly change our mind not knowing what to expect but we thought anything will be better than McDonalds that's for sure.So we order and first thing we noticed was the portions are big but then to our surprise the food tasted even better. Three months earlier in June 2014 we started planning our wedding after 8 years as a couple, two kids and with my fiance catching the toss of the bouquet at our friend's wedding we needed to set a date quickly. We knew we were getting married anyways but no date was set yet then.As we ate our meal wife and I (fiance then) started talking about making Thai Pepper Restaurant our choice for our dinner reception which was planned for Dec. 2014, when we first visited they were remodeling the room adjacent to the main entrance but that didn't discourage us knowing that the meal we had was delicious. When we paid our check I approached Win at the cashier and asked information about having a dinner reception here and he was very attentive and showed me around and the room they were remodeling to hold events of this type and with that information we left convinced that this restaurant will end up been where we will have our dinner reception. Once a date for our wedding was set i contacted Win again to let him know of the date and approx. number of guests coming to our wedding, he was very attentive and dedicated to customer service we exchange numerous e-mails in the 3 month period to our wedding and with each one i sent he replied to every single one of my e-mails, very patient and courteous.Fast forward 3 months later, our wedding, Fiance and I + 35 guests arrived into town, Win and his staff will go above and beyond to satisfy your needs and demands. They made the room very cozy, decorated it with roses and our clothed napkins shaped in different designs for each of our guests, they kept the newly remodeled event room neat for our dinner reception and the endless parade of non-stop food coming. I was so happy seeing all my guests happy faces and congratulating me for the choice of food and family felt cozy restaurant.By the way we are a Hispanic couple with Hispanic guests, that's how good our meal was that we didn't even look back in search for a Hispanic food restaurant, we knew after our first meal that our guests will enjoy just as much as we did and that was exactly what happen. They also treat us with live music and Karaoke throughout our dinner reception at no extra charge which at the end of the day we ended up taking over the mic and the karaoke set and started singing for our entertainment, glad they were so cool about it they step down from stage and just let us ran wild with our wild singing the rest of the night. If you made it reading this far, you will learn from my experience that this restaurant and its staff are: - very dedicated to you as a customer and your satisfaction - No hidden fees, no charge for the event room. something most places charge on the strip. - You only pay for what ends up making it to your stomach, your food. Period!- If you love Thai Food, give it a try it will not disappoint you. I promise- And most importantly you will end up saving around 70% of what you would normally spend anywhere on Strip. My bill was ($645.09) for 35 of our guests.***If you need a photographer, ask Win. I didn't have a photographer for our dinner reception and he saved our day. For a couple of $ he shot over 200 pictures with his camera and gave it all to us on a memory stick. I will post some of those pictures for you to see and to let the pictures do the rest of the talking for me and to back up my words on this review. Thanks again Win and all of your staff for making our dinner reception to our satisfaction, I'll come visit you soon again and to have another delicious dish of Thai food.Our Order :#1: Vegetarian Egg Rolls  x5 24.75 Del#19: Crispy Squids  x5 44.75 Del#20: Shrimp Tempura  x5 44.75 Del#1: Papaya Salad  x5 34.75 Del#3: House Salad  x5 39.75 Del#2: Pad Se-Ew Noodle Chicken x5 39.75 Del#5: Gai-Kua Rice Noodle **Shrimp($4.00) x5 59.75 Del#11: Pineapple Fried Rice  x5 59.75 Del#12: Combination Fried Rice  x5 64.75 Del#1: Green Curry  **Shrimp($4.00) x5 59.75 Del#3: Yellow Curry **Chicken($1.00) x5 44.75 Del#1: Slice Beef Noodle Soup  x5 39.75 Del#5: Chicken Noodle Soup  x5 39.75 Del
