4	I'm a bit of a noob gardener. So I need all the help I can get. Fed up with the no-nothing drones at those big box home improvement stores, I sought out a local nursery for my gardening needs. That's how I came to Summer Winds.I've driven by it many times on my dreaded weekend shopping trips along the Bell Road gauntlet, and never thought much of it. Whizzing by, it looks like not much more than a roadside stand.But if you make your way inside, it unfolds like, dare I say, a blossom. It's comprised of room after room, patio after patio of plants, pots, supplies, and decor. I spent nearly an hour just wandering around. All I needed was something organic to battle the bugs munching on my lettuces. I brought in some sample leaves and soil. The woman told me I had cabbage loopers, and a mold problem. Apparently, I'm over-watering. She also directed me to the appropriate treatment solution.Beat that, orange-aproned dolts!Oh, and keep an eye out for the kittehs wandering throughout the property. I counted at least four.
4	A beautiful spring day and my garden fever is in full swing. Like a junkie to a 7-11   I hit up Summer winds and get the mother lode.  They had beautiful veggies , flowers and herbs.  Wow what a selection. I  purchased    several varieties of thyme , more basil , and  oregano.   I also bought swiss chard which I never attempted before. They had a great selection of heirloom tomatoes and normal hardy versions like early girl and better boy. I went for purple Cherokee and Mr. Stripeys , can't wait to see what they look like.  I also purchased egg plants .  I can just see the garden bounty now ! The staff was super helpful too.Every where I went the staff was more than helpful and patient.They also have 20% off your whole order in the Entertainment book which I took full advantage of.
4	What's more fun in spring  at Summerhills  perusing the aisles of herbs, flowers and veggies  ?  Or watching for the variety of Snowbirds who flutter in to find the perfect tomato plant?  I am thinking Sun City is void of any nursery because everybody's grandma was getting her green on at Summerhills.  Still lots of fun no matter who is there, I  just wish they had on this occasion more variety of veggies , celebrity and (yawn) better boy tomatoes  just don't get the old blood pumping like a Cherokee purple  or zebra stripe.  This is a great place to pick up basics for the garden , they have good advice and helpful customer service , they even brought my plants out the car for me.   But as far  as anything that make me excited and intrigued  this  didn't get me  really in the mood  garden- wise.Prices aren't cheap so be ready to fork over the big bucks..
4	For goodness sake, people, this is an urban nursery in a commercial area on Bell Rd.  It isn't out in the middle of nowhere with acres and acres to offer that sort of selection.For what it is - a nice, clean, modest sized nursery with helpful staff- this place is great.  Sure they may not have many exotic items, but for all of the basics and more it is hard to beat the convenience of shopping here.The staff knows their stuff, unlike most employees who I run into in the gardening part of Home Depot.
5	Great prices on all the 6 pack veggies! Always nice plants and friendly people.
4	Just got into gardening last year and summer Winds is right up the street for me. I like that they have a good selection of healthy transplants available for the veggie garden. I have even been able to find many heirloom varieties!  the girl in charge of the  veggie area didn't seem to know the answer to a lot of our questions, but was very friendly and helpful with what she did know (to be fair, we do ask some more difficult ones)  We have also been able to pick up lady bugs, and praying mantis for natural pest control. It was alot of fun seeing the baby mantis growing up in our garden this year!Prices seem good to me. A little higher than a big box store, but I am willing to pay a little extra for local shops
5	Summerwinds is always a great nursery to go to!  The staff is helpful and patient with all questions I can come up with.  They have an excellent variety of cacti and other plants.
3	Two years back I needed to replace my dead ocotillo so I purchased a new ocotillo from Summerwinds that never came to life and was dead. I saved my receipt and Summerwinds said I could have a new ocotillo. All these ocotillos where behind the wall behind the nursery and they all looked dead (it looked like a trash area for dead and sick plants) but the salesman assured me that they were alive. My second one from Summerwinds never came to life as well. Yesterday I went back to Summerwinds to possibly get my third or second replacement from Summerwinds but again all the ocotillos where behind the wall I guess waiting for Jesus to revive them. I did look at a few other nursery's and the hippy boy at the nursery near 17 at least was honest and said he didn't know if his ocotillos were alive or dead none had signs of life. The ocotillos at one of the moon valley locations were the same and half priced.I didn't give Summerwinds one star for the ocotillo experience although they deserve it. Most plants they sell are nice and I would shop here for a lantana or something like that. The three stars is more than fair.It seems like you most likely will get STUCK with a dead ocotillo unless you give someone a B.J. at most nurseries around here.
3	Average selection and service. I go because they carry liquid seaweed. Nothing special to report
5	Best place to get all your gardening needs! They also have what the Garden Guys recommends to buy!
4	Staff are very helpful. Lots of stuff to choose from. We like this place. We normally come here every spring and fall.
5	I am done with Lowes and Home Depot plants and flowers after shopping here.  We worked with the manager who was very soft spoken but VERY helpful in proper plant selection.  I now have the prettiest and healthiest flowers in the neighborhood.
