2	Ah-So in Gilbert had been a favorite family destination for that special event for years. After the little "event" that closed down the Teppan portion of Sakana in Chandler, Ah-So was the nearest Teppan option for a while.  There are now closer options, but for my daughter's 5th birthday we fiegured we'd go with a tried and true favorite.Bad choice. I'm not sure what happened, but Ah-So was as uninspiring as you can get for a Teppan Grill. Our Sushi appetizer was extremely ordinary, the yellowtail seemed dry and tasteless. Our chef had absolutely no personality, he somehow did not make enough fried rice to go around (and didn't realize it until he tried to fill the last bowl), they seemed to skimp on the veggies, and while they main course was good, when you pay $17 and up for something you would like to see a bit more.I'm not sure if I caught them on a bad night, but considering the number of better places I have to pass to get there, I will be saying Sayonara to Ah-So.
4	I'm sorry Michael visited on a "bad night" but we've only had great experiences with Ah-So. The chefs are entertaining and friendly, and the atmosphere is nice enough for dates or out-of-town guests, yet casual enough for families. The teppanyaki is truly as much about the show as the dinner. And speaking of dinner, it is worth the trip alone.
5	ah-so japanese? more like "ah-so delicious"!!!!!!(if that doesnt earn me a "cool" or "funny" rating, then i dont know what will!)anyways, one of my hobbies is eating teppanyaki and sushi. not normally in gilbert but i was in the area the other night and wanted some teppan.maybe the best teppan yet? good prices, delicious filet & scallops, and they actually start cooking the fried rice first! i dont know what some of these other restaurants are thinking when they start making this part last . . . only negative is, no chicken and hardly any veggies in the fried rice but it came free with the meal!had a vegas roll and it also was delicious. i liked that they spaced out the sushi/soup/salad/entree so they didnt overlap and gave us time to relax and drink sake in between. the chef was great. funny and personable (and actually asian, which is a rare thing at these restaurants nowadays) he flipped shrimp at us and drank sake with us after. there was another chef who was white who did not look like nearly as much fun cooking for other tables . . . so much so that i actually remarked "i hope we dont get that guy as our chef."tons of food, go hungry!
3	Ok so the sushi is nothing to write home about. Very bland, krab used, and lots of rice used in their rolls. The sashimi is decent but there are definitely better places in the area. The teppanyaki is another story! The fried rice is awesome, its a lot of fun, the steak, chicken and scallops are delicious. It is a bit pricey but very fun. The owner is a nice guy, unfortunately if you don't understand how the tipping works with your teppanyaki cook and they waitress you will be bothered about it. We tipped our teppanyaki cook $40 and our waitress was awful so we only tipped her $15 or $20. She came back to our table and asked if we were unhappy with our service and she even broke down how the tipping was handled with her, the cook and the bus boys. It was very embarrassing and upsetting! That alone has kept me away for almost a year! So sad! So don't over tip the cook, he gets a cut of your waitresses tip.
4	I had never had Teppan before, so my boyfriend took me to this restaurant for dinner on a weekday evening. We were seated at a table with another guy, who lived nearby and seemed to visit the place often (as gathered from his conversation with the chef). We both ordered the steak and what a great meal it was. I was in awe watching him make the fried rice... awesome. Can't wait to go back :)
5	We absolutely love the sushimen at Ah-So. They are so awesome and friendly.Try the Las Vegas roll or the Monsoon. They are to die for.
4	Overall this is a great sushi joint. Fresh, clean, and service is awesome. The prices are a little high but it's worth it.
4	I am not sure why but I cannot go to Sushi without making it a drink fest. Saki bombers are naturally my drink of choice and I was happy when the menu said a large Kirin Ichiban and Saki was only $5.75. Ah-So has no happy hour, which is rare with Sushi Restaurants, but considering most who do have happy hour prices generally start at $6 for a bomber. Soon after we ordered a few sushi rolls, the server brought out complimentary Miso soup. It was appreciated on a cool winter night. After awhile our sushi arrived and it tasted fresh, my favorite being a scallop roll that cannot be missed.  The service was attentive for the most part even though it was a busy Friday night. Teppanyaki tables are available for the less adventurous palate.
1	More expensive than most of the sushi places in Mesa. They make the rolls look normal sized by adding extra rice using very little fish. I would not go back, very poor value.
1	When you want to know where to go for poor customer service this place is the perfect definition of it.  Never again will i step foot after our first and last visit to this horrid establishment. Customer service in my eyes plays a HUGE Role. If you are treated poorly what is the purpose to come back with their food not being anything amazing as well. We had come to this establishment for sushi night and sake bombs for the boys.  Their small sake bottle they give you with a huge bottle of beer to match but doesnt match really because theres maybe 2-3 shots worth of sake and the beer with sake should be about 5-8 shots rather than 2-3.  After waiting for our food for a good amount of time passed our huge amount of food ordered came out and was decent but not for the price we paid.  Not A Deal! What so ever.  So as we are still having a good time eating and talking to one another about random things and what not, my boyfriend got up to look at something on the TV since it was close by but not close enough for him to see what the score was on a game so as he got up to look the restaraunt was closing up and we were the last 2 couples in the place putting money in their pockets for the day; the owner or manager in a little button up tommy bahama type looking short asian man had gone up to my boyfriend and said CAN I HELP YOU WITH SOMETHING?! Very rudely said, and my boyfriend responded No, i was just checking the score. The Manager basically cut him off and said WELL THEN LETS GO! so my boyfriend came back to the table and had said i think they want us to go so we closed our check and had hurried as fast as we could. I understand when establishments close it is time to go!  But if its a mom and pop shop or restaraunt i believe in more or better customer service in order to get a tip.  I do not believe i have to tip over 15% if i was treated poorly. My boyfriend is too nice when it comes to tips in my opinion i believe people need to work for their money and just not expect so much from people if they don't try hard enough.  You treat me poorly i don't return or i excpect an apology of some sort.  If not you can expect no more money from my bank account.  Their food and service what we paid for was ridiculous. I Will Never Ever Return. I Hope they Shut down. I think if a wait staff is really nice we would have been treated better then this on our first time here.  For what we paid i could have gotten triple the food in other place i know of. And as far as portions go 3/4 of the people that went including myself were still hungry leaving.
3	For me Ah So is just so so. In Arizona it appears that teppanyaki has become extremely popular and extremely competitive. There's Ichiban, Kyoto, Ah So, a few others and of course Benihana. So, when there are quite a few venues that offer the same dining experience, you would think that you would want to do something that stands out. Unfortunately,Ah So hasn't quite figured that out.The quality of meat and seafood are just ok. Their fried rice is good but it's missing someone I can't quite put my finger on. The service is alright and if you get lucky, you'll get a great chef but you have to get lucky. There is really no consistency. Also, this Ah So is a little run down and dingy. For the price, I'd rather spend a few dollars more and head over to Benihana where the chefs are consistent, the restaurant is clean, the atmosphere is great, and the quality of the food is a bit better.
4	Good food.  I like the sushi side better than the teppanyaki side, but if you're in the mood for teppanyaki it's not bad.
4	Boston roll was pretty good, but the Teppanyaki was great. Brendan was our table chef. He made an excellent meal and entertained the entire table. We'll definitely go back.
5	There isn't a better Japanese Restaurant in town!
4	We've been here twice and both times have been great!  The chef's aren't usually Japanese, but they do a great job none the less.  The food is wonderful and despite the strip mall exterior, the inside is nice.  It's way better than Benihana in my opinion.
1	If I could give this less then 1 star I would. They do not follow basic hygenic food prep rules. We went there and two people at the table ordered the vegetarian typpenyaki. The chef came out then promptly dumped the veggies and raw meat together. When I commented that I was a vegetarian and he was coating the veggies with the fat and blood of the meat he made a snarky comment, wiped the spatula and then promptly used it on steak before touching the veggies. I spoke to the servers and they took my plate to recook my food in the back, to then BRING ME THE SAME PLATE OF FOOD!!! I ended up getting exceptionally sick and everyone at the table was shocked at how it all played out (including 4 which were strangers). At the end the place chastised me for not telling the cook (I did and we had a conversation about it) and took 10% off the bill (not even the cost of the food I couldnt eat). I have been to dozens of japanese places in my life and never as anything like this happened. I strongly discourage anyone from going to this place.
4	My friend and I were in the mood for teppanyaki and this was the closest place we could think of. I had driven by a couple times so I figured it was about time to give it a try.The wait staff was very polite and attentive and our chef was very skilled. The food tasted great and the portion sizes were fair for the pricing. I have nothing bad to say about this place although it did not completely wow me. I will definitely look forward to returning and trying out their sushi.
1	Went here last year for hibachi. Food was OK, nothing special. The one thing that made me gag was that they allowed a diner to bring her small lap dog into the restaurant and sit right at the hibachi grill. The dog sat on her lap while they ate. The dog was not wearing a service dog vest so I am lead to believe this was just a pet. Considering sushi is already a risky meal if not done correctly, this incident caused me to lose all trust about health codes in this restaurant.
5	Had some wonderful sushi! 911 roll, Nude roll, Hawaiian roll and a simple tuna roll. All fantastic. Kind service. Pleasing environment. I highly recommend this place.
3	I went on a Saturday and was the first one there.A friendly lady welcomed us and sat us in a teppanyaki table. A family of four showed up and shared the table with us.We had edamame, veggie tempura, and shrimp and filet lunch.We could skip the tempura.The food was good, above average but nothing impressive.The down part is that the chef barely did an effort to impress. I like to go to that kind of places for the show since I'm pretty picky when it comes to Japanese food. And if there's no show at all... Also the bidding feels old. It feels like going into a 1980's restaurant (I guess that's what they fueled back in the day, I'll ask my grand ma, ha ha).Decent food, decent prices, no show (at least in my visit)
4	My husband and I were headed to a different sushi restaurant and got there too late.  I was getting hungry and angry.  We saw this place and tried it.  We were the only ones there on Thursday night after nine pm.   We sat at the sushi bar.  I love caterpillar rolls.  It has turned into the roll that I judge a place by.  The roll here was alright.  It was good but nothing special.  The December 29th roll was delicious!  The Hubba Hubba roll was good as well.  The sushi chef was an older Asian gent who was nice.The slight cons were we only ordered one beer and got two.  We should have spoke up since I don't drink but we didn't.  Also it was bit pricey.We will go here again sometime.
5	Bummer to see poor reviews for this place, I've been coming here since I was a kid living in Gilbert and absolutely love this place! Love the experience, love the food (easily the best fried rice you will ever eat!). The filet and all of the sea food is amazing, chicken is chicken, skip it and get the fancier stuff. And the sushi is always great. Love this restaurant. I agree they could use a little sprucing up inside, but the food is delicious and I look forward to coming here every year or so!
5	On my boyfriends 23rd birthday we had a party of 6 arrive here. Very attentive service, owner extremely nice and the chefs very fun. Would definitely recommend Alex! And recommend sharing a meal. It is a $7 up charge but beats paying another $20+ a plate.
2	Been going here for years about once a year. The food tastes sooo good. However, we all get sick after eating here every time. They have almost doubled their prices too. It used to be $11 for chicken entree but today they charge $18! Come on, how about you clean up your bathrooms if you are going to charge that much. The toilet in the women's restroom has no back lid, a screw has been the flush handle for at least 8 years and it is dark and dirty. There are Curtains you walk through to go to the bathrooms and they are covered in what looks to be sauce and food. That's been that way for years too. I used to eat there anyway because of the prices and it tastes good. But I will never go there as long as they charge as much as they do now.
5	The best food ever!!! Brandon is the chef to request he puts on a great show. The steak was so good... It melted in my mouth. Also the shrimp is great. Service was amazing and they were fun to talk with. Give this place a shot you won't be disappointed.
5	I love this place! We come here so much its like Norm walking into Cheers. They have great Sushi and the food is awesome. If you haven't been here you got to try it once. If you try it you will fall in love with how friendly they are here. Come see how good it is!
1	Beware of bait an switch. This place deserves ZERO stars. Came on a Sunday. Ordered of the lunch menu that was given to us. After placing the order, the waitress told us there is no lunch special on Sunday, and the prices were triple. They wouldn't honor the lunch prices or apologize for the mistake. We left without eating. Asked to speak to a manager and there no manager on duty, which was a lie because I saw him there. The waitress was a total b***h!!!
4	Ah-some!!!! The food was delicious, and the table-side grill show was incredible! The chef is really interactive with the table which makes it all worth it! I only have it 4 stars because I felt the chicken could have been better but it was an amazing dinner and great show!
4	Food was delicious, show was lots of fun . Chef did the veggie toss and I caught it on my first try, my daughter was very proud.Happy Father's Day!!
5	My wife and I have been going to Ah so for years. Always good good. Request Brandon. He is their best Chef by far.
3	Went last weekend with a few friends and we dined at one of their Teppanyaki tables.  The waitress took forever to come to our table but, once she did, the service got better.  Ordered some sushi which came out timely and was good.  Table service by the chef was entertaining.  My scallops were very good.  He overcooked the chicken.  Wife liked her steak and shrimp.  Overall the food was good but I doubt I will ever be back.  It was sooooo hot in the restaurant that we couldn't really enjoy the evening.  I have been there three times now and it's always too hot.  Complaining to manager didn't get any results.
5	I was a little apprehensive at first, the soup and salad weren't great, but it was such a fun place and the food for the main course was excellent. I had shrimp that was so tender and flavorful and my husband loved his steak.  Our chef  Brandon was amazing, it was a blast to watch him flip food and the cooking utensils. I will definitely come here again.
4	I have been coming here for years and the food has always been delicious. I wish the bathrooms looked cleaner.  They have re done the inside of the restaurant a bit which makes it look cleaner and prices are reasonable. I tried another restaurant of this type and was hugely disappointed. It made me look at Ah So in a new light. :-)
