5	I came into Rochester's to watch football on a Sunday with my fiance and had a blast. Their hot wings has become a must have for me every Sunday. It is pretty incredible how so many restaurants and bars actually mess up this great American classic. I asked the waitress to add a little bit of kick to my wings and what did I get in return? These wings came out blazing! Just hot enough that it wasn't over the top and still enjoyable. Most importantly, I judge wings by how crispy they are, yet still tender in the middle. What ever they toss their wings in is a sure treat; amazing flavor for anyone who loves wings. Try them with your favorite beer (mine is Stella). All in all, the food was great, prompt and courteous service, and won't put a hole in your wallet. Definitely one of my favorite places for great food and beer.
1	Two Fish Fry Friday's dining on the patio in the same month.  Service was very extremely poor each time.  Server is young, untrained, inexperienced, disorganized and rude.  Doesn't have a clue about customer service, no organizational skills or communication skills.  Hopefully she'll be long gone before you have to be served by her.  We've moved on - too many great places in this community.
5	We stopped in for lunch after a round of golf and were very happy.I had the Blue Burger.  Good size and good flavor.  It went well with a cold beer.She had the Taco salad and said it had a good flavor and the cool side felt good after a hot day in the sun.The place was very clean and the staff was friendly.We'll be back!
5	Great lunch!  First time we've been here.  had the best BLT sandwich ever!  My other half had the French Dip Roast Beef sandwich  & Chicken Rice soup.  His food was great also as was the service.  Definitely will come back again. We stopped at Rochester's  to see what the place was like and what kind of food they have because our favorite karaoke entertainers will be starting their karaoke venue here this week.The dinner menu looks good, so we're looking forward to coming back here weekly on karaoke night.  This place makes it on our favorite lunch spots list!
