4	My husband and I moved in here in July 2013 and love it. Yes, we fell in the love with the granite counter tops and the beautiful amenities around the property.  The only reason I'm giving it a 4 star rating is because of our crazy neighbor downstairs (she claims we are stomping everyday, all day) and the price (if only it was a bit cheaper).  The parking at any apartment complex is typically garbage, so I'm not going to complain about that. As long as I get home before 5 (I'm a teacher) I get a parking spot right next to my apartment. If I get home a little later, I park maybe half a block away - big deal, exercise won't kill you! I've never found any bugs in my apartment, however my friend who lives here as found a few and the office has quickly and kindly put her on the pest control list.  She hasn't had any problems since.  All my conversations with the office staff have been kind (especially regarding crazy neighbor). The garages are NOT $100, they are $50, which is pretty reasonable for this area. Carports I believe are $25. Those are luxuries that you do not need, but if you want them expect to pay.  This may not be a property for everyone, but it has been a great choice for my husband and I. I love the pool and the fitness center - even the business center is a nice plus! Our dog enjoys the grass around the property (I do wish they had a dog area that was gated).  Something to look into and you can't beat the location!!
2	I did a transfer from the rock canyon location. The transfer was incredibly smooth. I was so excited to move here, it looks so beautiful! Granite countertops, open floor plans, long hallways, nice garages, great amenities, etc. But then we started living here. I was told by the manager it was a quiet environment here. What a crock. There's constantly some noisey kids running through the halls, yelling, screaming, stomping. It's absurd. Also, maybe I was spoiled over at Rock Canyon, but it seems like the maintenance men don't work at all here at San Tan. I never see them out, there's always dog feces and urine everywhere, and it stinks horribly. And no, it's not the Gilbert farming stench, it's animal nasties. Yes, it's the fault of the people living here, but maintenance should be up on that. Exsp with how much we have to pay to live here. I mean, come on. And speaking of paying, they charge you for parking here! I've never heard of having to pay for parking at an Apt before! I get the garage concept, sure, but for covered parking you have to pay 25 bucks a month. And if you don't, well tuff luck. You're walking a couple minutes to your door. It's cool, god only knows I need the cardio, but it's a little redonkulous sometimes. All in all, this location doesn't measure up to Rock Canyon in any way, shape, or form. BUT it's still not the worst apt  experience of my life. Hahaha I was happy to be able to get cox internet again instead of crappy century link, but cox tv sucks in comparison to directv. The real granite counter tops are better than that fake just look like granite stuff. And I'm super excited to be on the bottom floor. There's also several gas grills and a children play area on site. Office staff seems nice. I'm a little perturbed by the "quiet environment" lie I was given, but I kind of asked for it when obviously they're trying to sell us their location. I dunno, if I could, I would definitely go back to Rock Canyon.
1	I wish I could give this place a negative review. I had to pay $300 this morning to get my car out of impound for being towed due to the lack of parking in this god awful place. This is just the last straw out of the many issues I have been forced to deal with. It began with every appliance breaking in my unit and maintenance telling me "that's just how they all are" are you kidding?! My dishwasher cleans my dishes with mold, my clothes washer sounds like an airport which rattles and shakes and squeaks. Then comes the door handle jamming and lockingy 3 year old in the bathroom for an hour while we ripped the handle off. And then had to deal with no handle for 3 weeks. Prior to this they had found a water leak? And said they had fixed it yet my bill is 80 a month for water and maintence took it upon themselves to turn my gas down and go through my home cabinets as well. I can't explain how frustrated and displeased i am with this place. Not to mention they have made me "financially responsible" for 2 more weeks because their lack of reminders the never sent to remind when my lease will be up and the new terms. If you want to deal with getting your car towed to the most expensive private yard and deal with incompetence "management" of this nightmare, this would be the perfect place for you.And ps I spoke to another resident who had only been here 6 months and her car was keyed and management has nothing to day for themselves and refuse to help anyone with any of these issues.To have to pay as much as we do and get treated this way has made my life for the littlw 9 months here so miserable .
1	Lived there for a year and a half and couldn't move out soon enough.  Where do I begin.  The apartments look nice but that's where it stops.  They are not very well built, noise carries very easily you can hear every thing if someone lives above you.  Drains clog weekly, power dims off and on..constantly switching out light bulbs from power surges.  The granite counter tops are nice but who cares with all of the other problems.  Utilities are extremely expensive easily add $500 to your rent.The neighbors are okay for the most part, however their are a decent number of kids who are completely unsupervised running around the complex, trashing the computer lab & pool areas.  Some of the dog owners there are completely disgusting leaving dog crap on the sidewalk daily.The pool area is not bad but teenagers invite massive groups of friends over and party like its spring break half of the time.  The computer lab is a joke, printer doesn't work most of the time (which is the only reason I would go down there).  Gym is actually not bad, open 24 hours which is nice.  Parking is terrible, I cannot emphasize this enough.  I have  never rented an apartment where a space is not included in your rent.  A handful of times on weekends I would have to park at Discovery Park and walk to my apartment before I caved into paying for a covered spot.  A number of times someone would be parked there only to find that the office would accidentally assign my space to someone else.The staff is friendly but incompetent.  They could never coordinate with the maintenance staff correctly.  Something would always be "misunderstood", what work orders needed to be completed, which days, which times.  It was mind boggling how the right hand couldn't talk to the left hand.  When I gave my notice to move out they changed the locks on me the next day by accident.  In my opinion the staff is very nice but just completely untrained and unqualified to manage the property which is what leads to most of the other problems.
2	The apartment itself is beautiful. I have a 1 bedroom with the 12 foot granite countertop. I don't really need that but it's nice when people come over. I'm on the 3rd floor and really regret choosing that due to the stairs. I'm not from AZ and moving here in June with 110+ everyday and 3 flights of stairs= me dying. I do love that I can NEVER hear my neighbors. And I mean NEVER. My deck faces east and I have a nice view of the mountains and the Mormon temple. I rented a carport for a month for $25 and then decided it wasn't worth the money since there is always tons of parking by my building. Management has always been nice. The pool is like a resort.The #1 thing I cannot stand is SCORPIONS! In the month I have been here I've had 2 of the tiny poisonous ones. They sprayed after the first one and 2 1/2 weeks later I had another one in my bedroom. Being from a place without scorpions this is horrifying to me. I called the emergency line and maintenance came 45 minutes to kill the 2nd one (It was in my bedroom above my window, almost on the ceiling!). Obviously the pest control didn't work very well.... Sure, we live in a desert BUT had I known that people get them every 2 weeks at this place (maintenance guy told me that today), I never would have rented here. It used to be fruit orchards until 5 years ago so obviously, the scorpions lived here before this place was built. Just wanted to give a heads up to anyone who is as scared of scorpions as I am. Ask management questions and do your research before moving in. I don't see a way out of the lease even if I end up with 10 of them.I am now arming myself with sticky traps, scorpion killer spray and this handy dandy tool http://www.homedepot.com/p/Bug-Grabber-with-10-Stick-N-Seal-Traps-900226/203772132?keyword=scorpion+stick.
1	So we moved out a few months ago and was contemplating whether or not to post an update Obviously I decided to. We HATED living at this complex. We up and left and transferred to a Scottsdale location. My husband searched for a new job specifically so we could transfer to a new location without being reprimanded for doing so. We lived in separate homes for almost two months to accommodate the move!! The animal feces was atrocious! The lack of maintenance was ridiculous. The rent payments took weeks to be deducted from our accounts. We were repeatedly told lies.We "purchased" a parking spot. We specifically asked if we could park a trailer in the spot, because our previous apartment we knew that was a big no no. Office response was, "you paid for the spot, you can do whatever you want with it" days later we got tagged and had to jump through some hoops and ladders to find somewhere to take our trailer!! My car got towed one night for no good reason! Luckily, they refunded me the tow fees, but seriously?! Upstairs neighbors never went to sleep. Farming stench? Ugh! I was so excited to go home back to Scottsdale!! And to top it off, we got charged some ridiculous fees when we moved out. My mom went through the apartment with a fine tooth comb and I mean she went a little ape *#%$ cleaning. And they came up with a bunch of bogus charges. Carpet cleaning? Seriously? We were there barely 5 months and I'm super anal about carpet stains. Whatever. We're done with this place. Thank god!!
1	Seriously can't wait to move out of here. Since July I've had 3 more scorpions. I had one above my bed today.  Another went behind the bathroom mirror and I asked them to  take the mirror off the wall and was informed it's glued to the wall. Who glues a mirror to the wall?? I was told by other residents that building 5 (where I am) has a scorpion problem. One guy on the first floor said he has a jar of them! Excuse me while I go throw up. A guy in building 2 said he's only had 1 in 5 1/2 years.  I've left numerous messages for the office with no call backs. Multiple emails with no response for 2+ days. My dryer broke yesterday and no response on that yet. They insist that the amount of scorpions is "normal" but clearly there is a problem with this building that they don't feel like solving. I hate giving them my money every month and I can't even sleep at night thinking a scorpion is going to fall off my ceiling and onto my bed!  I've thought about moving to another building but my lease is up in December, so I don't really want to have to move twice in the next 3 months. The gal in the office had the nerve to ask me to write a positive review on apartmentratings.com. FOR WHAT??? Your incredibly slow/non-existent/lack of empathy response to a HUGE problem?
5	We moved here from another Pillar community to be closer to work. We liked the other complex,  but LOVE this one.  Our leasing agent(s) have helped us through everything and are so friendly.  We have a great view,  it's quiet,  and the park is right across the street. ...shopping and restaurants are walking distance (if you choose). We chose to get garages,  so we wouldn't have to worry about parking since we both work abnormal hours. Anything we've had issue with (all small stuff) has been dealt with quickly and professionally. We haven't seen any critters of any kind....reading other reviews we were wary of scorpions, but thankfully haven't seen any! We are picky about so much,  but haven't found anything to complain about here!  We'll be staying until we buy a house!
