5	I am a big time Ross fan.  I have found some awesome items for very little money throughout the years.  I'm willing to spend the time and rummage thru it all just to find the right thing.  I found this brand new store on my quick shopping adventure in LV and was pleasantly surprised at how clean and empty it was.  I also liked that the people working there actually said hello to you when you came in.  Lately the hubby has been on a Penguin brand kick and I was able to find a t-shirt for $10 and I also scored some Tommy Hilfiger flip flops on clearance for $2.99!  This is a nice store with plenty of parking and far from the strip and tourists.  Two thumbs up.
3	I like going to this store because they have decent stuff and the prices are just right. I bought cute dresses before going on vacation to WA State, but forgot them in my trunk of my car. LOL.. I finally wore one last night when my auntie, cousin, and I went out for Girls Night Out! I was "SAMOA"S FINEST." I also bought a cute shirt a few weeks ago.. Cute in that too. I love shopping there as well.
4	It's a great place to save some money. Located in the Kohl's'Target shopping center.
5	With the economy downhill, it's surprising how name brand retail prices are still expensive. This is why I go to Ross. You get good brand names such as Nike athletic wear, surf brand clothing, and other known designer at a very low discounted price.  Clothes are organized and easy to find and unlike thrift stores, they are all new.I mainly go here to buy nike running shorts for $10 instead of $32 and also other workout attires. And I also bought luggages too 50% off its regular price. You can find lots of good stuff here and it's just the lack of sizes of clothing that prevents me for always purchasing what I want.
4	I was unaware of the existence of Ross until I moved to Vegas. It was while shopping at Target that I noticed the store just down the way. I figured I would pop by and see what they had to offer. Boy, was I in for a surprise! I now visit Ross on a weekly basis, searching for good buys. The store is iffy on cleanliness. I think it depends on the time of day you go. I've seen it in shambles with merchandise everywhere and I've seen it relatively clean and organized. The employees aren't enthusiastic by any means, but they will help if asked. The main reason I shop here, though, is for the deals. They have tons of linens, clothes, shoes, and home decor for great prices. I dare say 90% of my home decor is from Ross. It's hit or miss as far as finding what you're looking for. If you're just in to browse though, you'll more than likely walk out with something.
4	I love a good deal and consider Ross an excellent source for them. However, most Ross stores in Los Angeles are nightmare shopping experiences, with problems like:- disheveled, unorganized racks of clothes- piles of clothes strewn throughout the store- dirty dressing rooms with carpets that reek of urine - disgruntled, angry cashiers  Surviving a trip requires the proper mental preparedness and patience to comb through the madness and try on clothing while holding one's breath.A comedian put it best: http://comedians.jokes.com/sebastian-maniscalco/videos/sebastian-maniscalco---ross-for-lessHowever, this Ross was a joy. All the items were neatly displayed, which makes this location dangerous (to my wallet) because I was able to find things easily, quickly, and in my size. In the end, I walked out with 4 dresses that I can't wait to wear, all for $50 (and much nicer than the cheapie dresses at Forever 21). The line was understandably long considering it was the holidays, but all of the cashiers were very careful to keep the line moving. Word to the wise from my cashier: if you see something here that you like, but are unsure of, buy it. Just buy it and take it home to think it over because the inventory clears out quickly (especially the boots) so the item you're considering will more than likely not be there when you return.
4	ive lived in this neighborhood for about 6 months, and barely went in for the first time during xmas week when my sister was in town.we normally go to the one on rainbow, but this ones much closer! i found my sister this awesome pair of boots at the rainbow location for $23 and i was hoping to leave this one with a pair (but of course, no luck). this ross was so clean and organized, even for xmas week! service was great and even with a long line at the register we didnt wait very long at all. i left with 4 dresses and spent less than $40!definitely coming back to this location!
1	so is it me or does the place only attract the last rung of the food chain.......there is always like some reject that couldn't get into walmart there. or some other poor soul that most likely does not own a mirror cause they would not of left the house if they did looking that way. i only went there cause i was told by someone that the place had cheap clothes....well they failed to mention the socially inept cashiers, or the fact that the place looks like a tornado went thru it, or that the house wares looks like a garage sale..... the place is dirty, unorganized, and down right depressing to go into....if you like sorting thru a mass of crap. then go there.
2	Not a huge fan of this Ross. If I'm in the area, I'll check it out but they aren't particularly well-stocked and their aisles are a bit on the messy side. From time to time I'll find a good buy, but for the most part I leave empty-handed. This is a rarity for me when I visit Ross. Definitely not one of the better options in town, but worth a stop from time to time.
4	Gotta luv Ross, I had a purse in mind....Whall'a   They had just what I imagined in my head there!  Whoot Whot!
4	Decent place, conveniently located.Staff are motivated. This is the kind of store that is the go-to clothing outlet for eVeRyOne. This is a value store that is well managed, organized, stocked just as well as the other Ross stores I go to. Sadly, I rarely find anything in my size. I do not think it is unreasonable to expect a moderate selection to fit a man around six feet tall of moderate girth. The sizes I see mostly in this store are Small, Medium, and occasionally a Large. In everything. Pants, shorts, shirts... So if you are built like a twenty-year-old college student, there's plenty to choose from. But for me, not so much.
2	I stopped by this location because I was in the area and in the market for a new pitcher (homemade mojitos ftw) and a griddle. They had neither. The selection is miniscule compared to the Ross on Serene and they had one cashier working. I didn't want it to be a wasted trip so I found a nice lavender candle for $5...but realized the check out line had 6 people waiting and one cashier working. I promptly put my item back and walked out. The selection is minimal compared to some of the other stores and the service (as expected) non existent. Pass.
3	I actually don't shop all that often. I run in Ross every now and then to see what they have. I occassionally leave with a top or dress at low prices. I buy candles here almost every time I go, they're so much cheaper than most places. The place can be messy, lines long, aisles crowded. But that's the price you pay for low prices. Ross' are pretty much the same everywhere.
3	I've stopped by this ross a few times while I was in the area. Friendly staff and organized, but i felt that their selection were limited. I can never find anything that screams "buy me" which is very rare, because everywhere I go, there's always something that stares at me til I buy it ;) Maybe next time I go I'll have better luck, but for now... I'll stop by other surrounding stores first.
2	Compared to the Ross on Arroyo Crossing (rainbow and 2-15 area) this Ross isn't anything special. I thought I'd try this Ross out since it doesn't seem to be as busy as their other location. So of course I was pretty happy to see an empty store but that was the only thing I was happy about..while the store is organized and clean it is also very boring I should say? I mean their racks were empty and barely had any selection. So that right there was a bummer. Another thing that stood out was their employee who worked in the fitting rooms. I went back there twice and was very nice, but she seemed like she had no care I'm the world. After trying on some clothes I decided I didn't like a few and at this point an employee would ask if he/she should take them from you. This lady though quickly turned away and did not want to take them. I mean I usually put the clothes back on the rack where I got them from anyways, BUT it just put me off how she was so quick to turn around. I've worked retail before and NEVER have I treated a customer like that..so it was just odd to me..Either way I think I'll be sticking to the Arroyo crossing location!
2	I love Ross and I love a bargain, but why is this particular location almost always half empty? The racks look so sad! I try to check this place out often and it's always the same: half empty racks. This isn't the best Ross location in town so don't make a special trip to shop here. As with every Ross, checkout lines are ridiculously long.
5	I really like Ross and I'm not ashamed to say it! I'm also super into thrift shopping (I think it's the hippy and gypsy in me lol) and shopping at Ross is just as cool. They have great deals on brand name items and cool stuff in general. They are also excellent with customer service! The last time I went I accidentally forgot a bag of stuff I just purchased and the next day they let me re-pick the the 2 items with a receipt! Awesome right? Yeah I'm a fan! Lol
4	It is a weekly tradition for me to make my way around as many stores as possible in hopes of finding well priced items for the house. Ross is one of many stores which I go in looking for a couple of items and "begrudgingly" trek back to the front of the store to grab a cart for all of the goods I end up finding. The greatest of all finds have been my cityscape canvas'. All of them are in gray scale, some of them came with accent colors of teal or yellow. Fate! How did the home gods know my house is decorated in shades of gray, white, and black with touches of teal and yellow? Each of those pieces came at a mere $20. Since then, I have yet to find anything more perfect. I can thank Ross for half of the items around my house.
1	I love Ross but not this particular Ross. rude staff, will not be returning. be come here twice & get rude service. they try to kick you out of the stores as soon as it hits the 9:30 mark & they are obnoxious about it, laughing with other employees. I was already even in the checkout line & they were still going on about it! I got so mad i just left my full cart in the line & left, I will not put up with these childish people no longer. their racks are never full anyways & seems like they never organize anything. very sloppy. I will continue to go to the one in Arroyo Crossing.
4	It's like a treasure hunt in here. Everything will always be different so can't expect to find the same thing here twice really. Prices are very reasonable. Love how you may find some of the most random things in here
1	Everyone was nice to me here, I was greeted at the door.  But one of the cashiers seemed odd.. I was looking for a particular shoe & she straight up told me,  "well that's the thing about Ross, that's how they get ya. They have you going from store to store,  I'd say go to the Arroyo location". I wanted to laugh as hard as she was about it.  But I was pissed I started to like that location. Until she basically ruined it. She's right the selection is better, I just hate crowded stores.. I dread the Arroyo location. I wasn't going to drive to rainbow when we had to be somewhere.. Boyfriend didn't find anything he wanted. IF I come back, I hope it's a better experience... I even called rainbow but the lady who answered said she had a line out the door & I'd have to look for myself. After I tried to look out up on the website using my phone, no search bar or made any sense. It was confusing.  I clicked shoes & accessories I could get the filter to work..I ended up buying red shiny pumps at Payless 20% off end of summer sale. I spent $23, saved 6 dollars going somewhere that DID have my shoe size  (9). I needed it for my Halloween custome. I couldn't order it online & wait days later.
4	I like shopping here because I can get somethings so much cheaper than at department stores prices.  Lots of lower end designer stuff.  They are more of a discount outlet combo store to me.  Not a bad place to shop for the prices.
