4	The waffles here are pretty great. The savory options are especially noteworthy, with the Italian waffle blending basil, cheese and tomatoes quite aptly. That said, the chocolate and fruit combos tend to taste better during the Summer as the sourness of the berries does not seem sufficiently countenanced by the sweetness of the chocolate in winter.
4	A quaint quiet bristo/cafe vibe of a place.I enjoy Sunday brunch here starting off with a savory selection with salad/veg then ending with a sweet (always get whipped cream on the side) & a coffee. When the little lady is serving - it's great to be recognized and she knows we always know what we want, so don't have to wait to give our order.Her husband is in the kitchen and on weekends, as they've gained more clientele the little lady spends more time in the kitchen too. Truly a pity as she is far sharper and quicker than anyone she's hired.
4	Totally get the European vibe at this cafe, although it's small and quaint, it has a lot to offer, I had my usual craving for a plain waffle and it did not disappoint portion size is normal and filling, I had the 2nd brunch choice on their menu, btw which was well explained by our kind and friendly waiter. Will add some pics too!!! Yum, if I'm ever in town, will make a visit!!!!
4	This bright small restaurant run by two ladies is quite charming. Wanting something a bit different than the usual eggs brunch etc Engaufrez-vous looked like a perfect choice in the Plateau. The relaxed service since both of them were taking orders and delivering food it can be slightly slow but we weren't in a hurry.While there was an initial mishap of lost rsvp even though we received an email confirming it. C'est la vie. They did not. Needless, to say we join the line of waiting customer for a table. Eventually, seated in two comfortable red sofa chaise towards the front of the restaurant. Both ordered the Carousels with waffle and one with Gaufres Bruxelloises and the other liegeoises. The waffle was light and mildly sweet from the dusting of powdered sugar. The liegeoise was smaller denser slightly sweeter. Both ordered the fruit and I had the omelet with tomatoes. The brunch meal was perfect. It was light, the fruit refreshing with the right amount of food. Everyone was content with their choices. It is going to be a good day.
5	Far surpassed my expectations. A little pricier than your average breakfast spot but the quality, originality and choices were all top notch. The assorted fruit was fresh and the waffles were excellent with lots of different options. Definitely will be back soon
