2	Elegant room with very good service In the J.W. Marriott, but the food was not up to par.  We ordered a salad to share, but were told they would charge $5 to split it in the kitchen, but the waiter offered to bring a 2nd plate for no charge - the salad was extremely small for price.  My had salmon on a plank with only a wedge of lemon and a small slice on onion.  I had seafood over fettucine in a boring cream sauce.  The chef apparently is afraid to use spices or even ground pepper.
2	For the price... you can do much better.  The food was good and the room was elegant, with amazing service.  I think of it as a good date place if you have money to blow and want to try to impress someone.  There are plenty of better places to go in Vegas.  Since its in a casino, they don't seem to have a dress code, despite its the kind of place you would expect to have one.  The place was nearly empty when we walked in... perhaps that was a clue that we should not have stayed.
4	My boyfriend and I went here for dinner because we bought a gift certificate for cheap on restaurants.com. The ambiance is lovely, old Vegas style with Frank Sinatra playing and private booths. The food was fabulous and the martinis were strong and delicious. I wish we would've found this place sooner because we just moved to Henderson. It's pricey as restaurants like these tend to be but it really stands out in Summerlin in my opinion. Not much to find up there in fine dining. Go here for a decadent night out to celebrate an anniversary or equally special occasion, you won't regret it!
5	Beautifully decorated, no noise, fantastic service and delicious food (large portions).
1	I should give this place another try.... but my first and only time there I walked out.  I have never walked out of a restaurant.  However, after the host sat us, no one came to our table for 15 minutes.  No water, no menu, nothing.  And it was not like they were all that busy.
2	not a fan... i have been there twice. the first visit was about 4 years ago and i thought it was over priced for basic grub. the second time was this evening and i stand behind how i felt 4 years ago...i will say that the place has a great charm about it. it is beautifully furnished, decorated and elegantly lit. the food does not live up to the beauty of the restaurant. you have an over priced salmon sauteed in butter, capers, and salt. the first couple of bites are delicious, but then the butter starts to settle in and that's it... my grandma gets the stuffed shrimp dish and absolutely loves it. they also offer steaks and lobster.if i were ever to go back, i would stick with the appetizers (crab cake, lobster bisque, and fried asparagus) as for the dessert, that's where to 2 stars come to play. i absolutely LOVE their souffle. you have your choice of chocolate, vanilla, or both flavors combined. other than dessert, you can get a better tasting meal at kona grill or cheesecake factory for a quarter of the price.
2	I ate here about a year ago. Service was excellent, food was actually pretty bad. I ordered a filet medium that came out medwell and with no seasonings to speak of. The auhgraten potatoes tasted like old baked potato diced up and thrown in a pot of Cheddar cheese ... I was shocked. My wife and I paid alot for sub par food. Outback does better for cheaper on a bad night.
3	Nice classic dishes with a nice classic decor. A little pricy IMO but that's to be expected with a restaurant like this. The service is nice and management is always present on the floor. I only wish the food was as entertaining as the service or as pleasing as elegant as the decor.
3	If you are not in the mood to drive near the strip for some old school Vegas food, drive up to this place in Summerlin and have a seat. This species of restaurant is dying because of the change in taste from old school dishes to more modern fare.  Don't sigh and scroll down just yet; despite the mixed reviews, there is something to read here about the Carmel Room.First, the fact that it's in the JW Marriott in Summerlin is honestly surprising, given the fact that this restaurant belongs in a shabby shopping strip near hotel row.  Carmel room is unexpected, a somewhat hidden gem basked by the glow of slot machines and paved with tacky carpet.  Once you enter the doors of the restaurant, you notice the private table seating and the old school restaurant layout.  From fourteen glasses laid out for every drink made by man at each table setting, to the waiters in the old school black and white uniforms, it's really entertaining.  Their menu is just as classic, with seared scallops served on the shell to fish over creamed spinach.  What I am a sucker for is escargot, and they have it--with a twist. Although their old school food is passe, they do try to make it a bit modern to up the ante.  For example, their escargot appetizer is shelled escargot topped with little discs of buttery puffed pastry instead of a side basket of french bread.  Their scallops are seared perfectly and served on the shell, and if you order the steak, it's all on it's own on a hot plate with the sides in those cute carafes.Overall, the meal is nice, the food is a kick back to the old days, and their location is interesting.  I liked my first experience here, and I would honestly go there again just to show a friend or two this place.  However, the food itself, although done right, wasn't enough for me to return as a regular like I do at other old school stops in Vegas.Don't listen to me--find out for yourself.
1	This was our 2nd time trying this place and the last. Again issues with the steaks. No flavor at all they added a sauce which a properly cooked and seasoned steak should need no suace. The souffle was over cooked and tasted more like hard brownie. The drink server did not come for over 5 min to take our drink order and then never delivered our drinks and had messsed up the order anyway with the bar. For the prices this place charges one would expect much more. Wont return here and wont recommend it.
2	Having had a rather stressful week for both of us, hubby & I decided to indulge in a nice restaurant - but not near the strip, not on a weekend.  So, we read up on Carmel Room and decided to make reservations there.First, let me say that we're old.. not Luddite-Old, but still old.  However, we looked around in dismay at all the grey hair in that restaurant as we were walking in and we both thought the same thing.. ut oh.  Oh, and our reservations weren't necessary.. apparently the dinner rush there is between 4 and 6, based on the few late owls still there at 7 ;)We were eventually seated when the hostess finally got off from chatting on the phone and our waiter took our drink orders and left.  Another waiter came over and removed the decorative plates that had been on the table, and our waiter returned with our drinks and we ordered two appetizers - beef carpaccio and escargot.The Beef Carpaccio was good - not the best ever, but still good.  The Escargot, however, would be best recommended for someone who doesn't like Escargot.. because they wouldn't have found any flavor to be offended by.  ANY flavor, whatsoever.Hubby's Porterhouse arrived with his two sauces, peppercorn & bearnaise, on the side.  My Chilean Sea Bass was also served, along with a shared side dish of Smoked Creamed Corn.First, he had to cut forever to find actual meat in the porterhouse - it was 90% gristle or bone.  It was cooked perfectly medium rare, at least. Then he tried the bearnaise sauce, and declared it to be scrambled eggs.  I had noticed it was rather orange and lumpy looking, so I wasn't surprised.  The waiter took it away, saying it would be removed from the bill (along with making a nasty face at my hubby while forgetting that I could still see his face).  Hubby also said the peppercorn sauce was odd tasting, like it has some strange sweetness that didn't go well with the sauce.  Our waiter said there was bacon in the sauce - we concluded it must have been maple bacon but it was only a guess.  It also got removed from the bill.The Smoked Creamed Corn wasn't very smoky, but it was good.My Chilean Sea Bass was delicate and seemed to be cooked perfectly.  However, my stomach was upset as we were leaving the restaurant and it took a few hours before it calmed down.  Something was off, and I'm afraid it was my fish.For $135, including tip (no drinks, just water) we could have had an excellent meal almost anywhere else.  Or we could have spent $35 and had a better meal almost anywhere else.No, we won't be back.
1	My husband and I came here to kick off restaurant week and...meh. The service was slow and the food was just okay. For as high as their prices are the food should be much much better. When the 33 dollar filet arrived with 3 sad looking pieces of wilted asparagus my husband asked, "is this it?" sadly yes. I did enjoy the sea bass (mmm!) and the filet was perfectly cooked. But there are just too many restaurants in Las Vegas to waste your time here.
1	Not only did we get the wrong soup, after 1 1/2 hours our food was served cold, over done and was missing our side dishes. We wound up leaving an went to another restaurant. Oh by the way, did I mention it was our 20th anniversary? So disappointing.
4	My wife and I travel to the strip on a daily basis, and we wanted to get away from the monotony of it all, so we chose this local spot. The door man/host was extremely friendly. As soon as we arrived, he immediately took my wifes arm and guided us through the doors, to our seats. He sat us in a secluded "booth" of our own, which made our time spent there much more romantic and pleasurable.Our waiter Andre was great. A bit outspoken, but very entertaining non the less. We brought our own bottle of Champagne, which was immediately put on ice and chilled. For an Appetizer, we ordered Crab Cakes. They were large. I would have liked a textural contrast from the outside of the cake to the inside, like a nice crisp. They weren't the best we've had, but they were decent.For our entrees we both chose the Filet Mignon, which were cooked to absolute perfection. I had their bleu cheese, that originally comes on the filet, on the side. It was great in small portions. The entrees didn't have much else other than the protein, so I would definitely recommend ordering a side or two.For dessert, they sent us a chocolate cake, that had "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate, which was a perfect ending to the meal. When we finally received the bill, they didn't charge us a corkage fee, and we thanked them so much for that. We really appreciated the service and all the time spent making us feel not only comfortable, but happy to spend our money there. Thank you for making our night a special one.
4	Tarique, the ambassador out front of Carmel Room is the reason I will come back here. Mind you, I was more in the 'let's see what's around here' mode, and sauntered by. Their 3 course Prix Fix looks like a solid and tasty deal, if on the heartier side. As it happens, we ended up down the corridor for a light meal. But then, the idea for dessert kicked in. I don't want anyone to get into trouble, but Carmel Room was a serious consideration and Tarique pressed on with his sincere and welcome 'Let me help you.' The bottom line: he delivered big-time. And next time round, I will make a point to have dinner at Carmel Room. Customer service means a lot, and they have it there in spades.
3	Hubby and I spent the weekend at the JW for our staycation/babymoon. As locals, we know where the good old skool, classic Vegas steakhouses are and this is not one of them, although it tries. The decor is beautiful. It is very elegant.The staff was so so... The waiter was hard to understand at times and was very lax. It was like he didn't jive with the atmosphere. There was a few people near us that he spoke to as if he knew them as usuals and seemed to have a different attitude with them than with us. The food was good, but very overpriced. For the same prices, I know of much better places to eat. My hubby had the lobster bisque and porterhouse. They were good, but I have had better for the same or lower price. The porterhouse was cooked nicely and seasoned well, the potatoes on the side were boring, the lobster bisque was rich and tasty and was even finished with brandy tableside for a quick 10 second ooo-ahhh. I had the bibb salad which did have very good dressing on it, but seemed very small. I had the stuffed shrimp for the entree. The shrimp/stuffing was delish, but the angel hair pasta was kind of gummy and soaked up the sauce. Wonder if it sat too long while the steak was cooked...The desert was just ok. We ordered a cheesecake with the berries/sauce on the side since my hubby isn't into that part. We received cheesecake with berries/sauce on top and then a scoop of vanilla ice cream with the same topping. Not sure how 'cheesecake with berries on the side' got confused for this. Since the server was less than to be desired already, I just ate it. Being pregnant, I woofed it down and sort of didn't mind the extra dessert I guess. The main complaint was that I was the one who set up the weekend since hubby has been busy and the vacation was more for me and I got what I wanted. When setting up the reservation they asked if we were guests or if it was a special occassion. I told them yes to both and that we were celebrating our upcoming arrival of a son. No mention of it during our dinner. No cute dessert with the congrats written in chocolate on the plate or anything. It was a dissappointment. It is our first child and my hubby is super elated when it is mentioned so I was looking forward to seeing his face when a congrats came up. Oh well. I won't be back, but if you are staying at the JW and have the money to blow, it might be worth it to you. Carmel Room and Spedini are the only options other than a buffet or cafe with your standard food.
1	I had Thanksgiving dinner there in Nov. 2013. Worse turkey I have ever had!!! I would never have a holiday dinner there again
2	We  dined here a few days ago for our first wedding anniversary and sadly the $50 Rib Eye Special that the waiter talked up to us was a waste of money and my dinner.  The entire thing was grisly and rubbery.....very hard to eat.  I took most of it home (aside from the pile of chewed up pieces I left on the plate) and I tried to make something out of all the meat by cutting it into thin slices, but it was still so grisly that I couldn't eat it. Usually the food has been great here and the dining atmosphere is very romantic, but this visit was a huge disappointment, especially for our first anniversary =(
3	I really want to give the Carmel Room five stars and I DO for service, which is always above and beyond most restaurants we've been to in Las Vegas.   HOWEVER, the menu changed last summer and my husband and I both feel the food is just not as good as it used to be.   We have been "regulars" for years and loved the beef Wellington, the table side spinach salad, and other classics.  I understand that change is sometimes necessary but in this case the food seems to suffer.  The steaks, in particular, are just not as good as previously.  The olive tapenade was a treat.  Having said all this, the beef filet IS consistently good as is the chocolate souffle.  Sure wish the old classics would be added back to the menu.   Oh, and what happened to the wine specials of the month?  A "special" denotes a good wine for a "special" price, not a good wine for over $100.
5	We dine here fairly often and find both the food and the service consistently great.  We were there last Friday and I had the delicious lobster tail, DH had the prime rib which he loved but could nowhere finish, (our waiter joked it was their version of man vs. food) and my son had the mixed grill.  Now he is not usually a meat eater but raved about the tenderness of the filet, and LOVED the scallops!  We cannot go without ordering the mixed souffle and it was sublime!  But one of the best parts is both the service at the table and the maitre'd Terry!  Terry remembered a special event we recently had in our life and had their flourless chocolate cake sent to the table as well.  2 desserts and 3 people and we were stuffed!  That cake was amazing.
5	Since moving to Las Vegas I have eaten at the Carmel Room several times.  I have never had a bad meal here.  Always top notch service and food.  One of the Best of Las Vegas.  Have taken family here when they visited and they can't wait to go back.
4	This is an old Vegas style restaurant, with somewhat dated decor, just off the casino floor at Rampart Casino.  I did not know what to expect once we arrived....but the meal exceeded my expectations in a big way. Our party of four ordered main dishes including a NY Strip, Filet Mignon and Scallops. All four dishes were excellent, cooked perfectly and just the right seasoning.  Service was also very good, with an attentive waiter and professional demeanor. Carmel is a not a well known restaurant, as far as I know, but I suggest you give it a try.
5	What a wonderful surprise.  We decided to give the Carmel Room another chance the other night (stopped going 2 years ago...poor food/service). We will be returning very soon.  From the minute Terry escorted us in, to the smiles of James and Benjamin our very caring, attentive, professional servers, to our superbly prepared food by Chef Cindy...we were raving about the CR all evening..and still are.  I am a foodie, and I am very hard to please when it comes to cooking my steak...charred on the outside, rare on the inside.  When my Bone-in Rib Eye arrived I was in "awe".  Perfection....my DH always holds his breath for my first bite.  His Rack of Lamb was also perfection.  We were delighted when Chef Cindy came by to share her cooking secrets with us.  With every course (apps:Scallops & Bacon wrapped Shrimp) we were we were making yummy noises and thrilled that we gave CR another chance.  We WILL be back!!
2	For those of you have been waiting for my review here it goes... i would like to mention at the start that these two visits were on comps..so no funds were injured in the making of these review's...(except for the tip which they were lucky to get any at all)1st meal there ...I pre ordered the chocolate souffle..and ordered various hot items togo...more on that in a bit... ordered snow crab claws to start...the shells were not properly cracked for easy access no cracker given...was forced to crack them by hand resulting in snow crab exploding all over myself and the table,if i wanted to be on an episode of deadliest catch I would sign up ....strike one.....as i stated above i wanted to order some stuff to go..the waiter kept coming over then just disappearing before i could say anything..extremely annoying....strike two.....all of my to go items showed up before my entree even arrived..are you joking me? it would be an hour before i arrived home to serve my father...poor consideration and planning by the airhead waiter and the chef....while waiting for my entree to arrive i saw the host and two servers come out into the dining room and start gossiping and bitching about the chef not cooperating with them or whatever..unprofessional to say the least...entree arrives...the filet was quite good...the sides were horrible...the mac and cheese flavorless and uninspiring the mushrooms looked like they took all the mushrooms from that weeks special and threw them into a pot and mixed them together..seriously this was a side right out of alice in wonderland..sure left me wondering what they were thinking...so i finish my meal..and i am waiting for the souffle ..now mind you this is a good hour after ordering it....im waiting waiting..waiting..ive seen shorter waits at disneyland on screaming brat night...it finally arrives..was ok but by this time i was more interested in getting the hell out of there to bring the togo order to my father...oh and when i ordered the creme brulee to go the waiter argued with me about getting that to go because they didn't have the proper containers to fit it...HELLO? just figure it out dumbski...then when i went to leave they gave me plastic bags like some strip mall chinese 1 dollar take out deli..i asked if they had real to go bags that could fit all the little bags they gave me to struggle to the valet with..the answer was no....2nd time was also a comp....went for my dads bday...i set this up explicitly as a celebration dinner for my father...no cake no candles no bueno!...why didnt it get conveyed to the resteraunt that it was his bday..would have been nice if they acknowledged in any way shape or form to me this is strike 3...but we were there and so it goes....we literally sat there for 10 minutes no menus no bread nothing...wtf?...we both had the seared scallop appetizer..this was fairly decent..a bit too salty but it was ok...the waiter this time was slightly better but really slow service not acceptable to me and not for what they charge and NOT  for what we were there for ..to celebrate a bday....my father ordered the lamb chops..they were ok...i had the ny this time was also ok..the meat here is decent unfortunately everything else makes up for the one they do well and ruins it...i had mashed potatoes ...i have made better instant..I also had the asparagus with hollandaise..they gave us 5 little spears of asparagus for 10 dollars? now this is total bs....its the principle..im not saying i need 15 spears but for 10 bucks i better get them like every other steak house i have ever been to....when we were done..not only was there no cake for my father ...we sat there for at least 15 minutes looking for or waiter that seemed to have gone AWOL..i mean come on the place is maybe 50% occupied and even fewer people at each servers station and where were the bus boys to clear our dirty dishes? This place lacks refinement and peripheral dish expertise...it is an attempt to be a high end place that in the end disappoints like so many of these hyped out places that are located in the casinos...this is why i love double eagle they are a stand alone business that doesn't rely on gamblers to bring in clients they do it on their reputation and word of mouth....I would say the Carmel room gets a D- grade from me only reason its not an F is because the steaks and chops were ok.
4	Gr8 decor and maitre d.  He escorts women to their seats and places napkins on their laps.  Escargot and other appetizers are good.  Service by men waiters is wonderful.  However, my girl friend's striped bass was so greasy w/so little fish that it had to go back to kitchen.  Maitre d replaced bass w/excellent scallops and comped us w/an excellent souffle. Disappointed in quality of my filet which was overcooked .   Gr8 soups and sides.
