4	Pros: This office offers a lot of healthcare options: allergy testing, pediatrics, well woman, and several other services. Dr. Dobrusin is one of their best docs, but I'm a little biased since I've only seen him and two nurse practitioners. The facility is very clean and spacious. They even have their own therapy dog. A chocolate Lab named Murphy. Cons: Their med tech staff has a lot of turnover, and they seem inexperienced except for maybe two of them. It also seems like there is a language barrier with the front office staff and most of the med tech staff. Final con, it takes forever to get an appointment with their best doctors. You could be waiting up to a month depending on schedule conflicts. Dr. Dobrusin doesn't work Fridays anymore, which has made it tremendously more difficult for me to get seen.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!  I've been with Dr. Dobrusin for over 7 years.  Up until the last 3 years it was fine, but now, it has drastically changed.First, you will more than likely NEVER see an actual Doctor, and if you do it takes more than a month to get an appointment.  You will see a PA or NP, both of which will more than likely give you a battery of unneeded tests so they can charge your insurance.  They just want MONEY.Also the front admin staff seems very young, inexperienced and not real knowledgeable.Run. dont walk. RUN.  Buyer BEWARE!
2	I used to really like this office, and Dr. Dobrusin is a great doctor. But it's nearly impossible to get an appointment here anymore, and Dr. D doesn't work Fridays anymore, which is becoming extremely inconvenient for me because that's the only day I can get off. I think I'm going to change doctors now. There used to be a time I could call in the morning, and get an appointment that day. Not anymore.I don't like the front office staff. They are not very knowledgeable, and I think there's some language barriers. However, I still recommend Dr. D for newborn circumcisions. He's very experienced with them.
1	I have to say I have been seeing Dr Dobrusin for about 15 years and I no longer want to go to this office. I don't have a ton of experience with Dr Dobrusin in recent years but I have had experience with the front office staff and his Nurse Practitioners.  I can't say I care for the front office staff or their lack of wanting to help. They're just not extremely kind or knowledgeable. Maybe they just don't care. Also, he has one Nurse Practitioner who I CAN NOT STAND! She is always wearing a blue Concentra shirt and has major attitude. On one occasion she refused to give me an antibiotic. Went to the urgent care across the street from my house and they were in shock at how I was treated. Needless to say I will be finding another doctor and won't be recommending this practice to anyone!
4	Ive Christina Calfee. She is competent and thorough. I love this office because I am in and out in less than 20 mins. on a consistent basis. The front staff is proficient. Not what I would consider a customer service bunch but hey, they do their job well and they are not the ones that are diagnosing me so I dont put a lot of value in that effecting my rating of this office. I here they will not be taking my insurance after the beginning of the have been a patient here for over 2 years. I have not seen many Doctors here but I lo year so that is sad. To any one else I would suggest giving them a chance.
4	Just got back from a visit at Mesa Family Medical and I have to say much better!The N.P that I didn't like is no longer at the practice and hasn't been for a while. I had a new doctor named Dr. Pine. He was wonderful. Thorough and helpful. I'm so glad they have turned their practice around. Oh FYI they no longer accept AHCCCS.
