5	I came in on short notice and saw one of the owners, Dave.  He is very knowledgeable about flutes and gave me a free appraisal.  He never rushed and talked me through my flutes' histories.  He also talked to me about various brands, quality, and sound.  I learned a lot and also got great free service.  They carry beautiful instruments and provide lessons too.  I would return and recommend.
5	Luv these guys for their service and passion for the industry. Having purchased many instruments from them both in the shop and through the mail, I find their selection to be top drawers, their prep of a new horn to be the best in the business, and the speed at which they accomplish this, astonishing. I send all my musician friends here.
5	Real Quick - Professional, efficient and really cool.1.  Knowledge - The staff here know it all and know it for the basic musician parents we all are. 2.  Sales - They will not oversell you on something you don't really need, unless you really want to pay it ou t.3.  Fair - Rental payments go toward full retail price of new equipment.4.  Prices - Reasonable5.  Quality - So far, so good. Gotta love it.The staff sell from a customer service, technical point of view. Many parents come in from a "emotional" point of view, the best for my kids, buy the best, rent the best.  The staff here will set you straight, or let you make emotional decisions if this makes you happy.Go here, very good and very relaxed!
4	I'm not a musician. I just play one on the internets.I've known about Kessler & Sons for more than a decade. We used to shop at their stores when my brother played alto sax in middle school. They've moved locations quite a bit, but their top notch friendly service is intact.I recently visited this location to purchase a reed for my brother's alto sax. The guy behind the counter understood my complete newb-ness and offered some great information and advice.I'm still not a musician. But if you are more musically inclined, definitely stop by and visit K&S.
5	We were visiting the area for vacation when my son spotted this store.  We went in without any intent to purchase, to just look around.   2 hours later, as my preteen son tried every violin in the shop, the staff was still very friendly and patient with us.  In the end we made a purchase for a more advanced violin with coda bow and outfit and one happy kid as we made our way back to Northern CA with it.Later research showed we got a fair deal on a great sounding violin, very durable case, and upgraded bow.  Two years later, he's still playing on it happily.
