3	We came to this place for Exams and Glasses for the kids... and saw the signs.. buy one get one free..  We have Spectera Insurance.Once we had obtained the prescription, we started to look for glasses.   They had a promotion that stated buy one get  one free on the frames  At that time, there were a couple people working but no one greeted us, or asked if we need help.... we had to approach this Salesman and ask about the promotion.... but he did not seem to really want our business... so  we decided that we would come back another time, and look but we wanted to also shop around.We came back a few weeks later,  and picked out glasses for our kids.  They have a nice selection, and the prices seemed reasonable,  and so I spoke to a  Salesperson.    Anyway, she tried to answer my questions..... and I became more and more frustrated, not with her, but with the way the Insurance Process works.   After all, I have been buying Vision Insurance for 14 years and only used it one time!The DEAL (BOGO) is bogus, because it is not clearly stated that it  does not apply to people that  have  insurance....I did not realize  that. so with our hopes high, we were excited about getting two pairs! Only to have our hopes dashed...  After all, the insurance company is going to reimburse them for the frames!   The problem is the insurance company only covers one every 24 mos including a limited set of lenses.The company needs to do a better job of displaying their Ads.... and I am sure this goes for other Vision Retailers also.Since I felt cheated...  I say... thank you for your time.. but I am not feeling it here...and we leave....I just wanted to order some  much needed glasses for my children...and I was very clear that I didn't want to pay any extra out of pocket.... but I would have to pay a $10 copay.Now, after calling my insurance company, they explained how the whole process works, and we are going to go back and give it another try.   Anyway.... I am giving them a good rating, and hopefully, if you go there, you will be better informed than I was and have a good experience.   I will be looking for better vision insurance though.....
1	Called vision works and verified that they were a preferred provider on my insurance and they assured me that they were. Six months later collections is calling me because my vision works is not a preferred provider and instead of sending me a bill they sent me straight to collections. Very unhappy with being lied to...there is always a difference between preferred provider and provider and now I have a cluster **** to deal with as well as paying an additional 70 bucks.
5	Stopped in here after going to another eye care center and finding out they don't accept my insurance. VW didn't either but I went to the eye exam desk on the left side of the entrance and they advised I could get an exam, glasses or contacts for $129.00 THAT DAY!  I did it and couldn't be happier! Friendly staff, quick service, and was out of there in about 35 minutes. I had a problem with my vision in one contact, went back and they corrected the prescription for no charge. Highly recommend if you're on a budget and need glasses or contacts.
1	went shopping for a pair of glasses. This shop was the highest prices I have come across for lenses. The store is pretty big, but the frame selection is very limited. They had several frames in my style but not my size. They wont order correct size. The price for transitions lenses was 490.00 and frames if they had them (they did not) would be another 130.00 to 200 dollars. What a rip off. I am just trying to buy a pair of glasses. Not looking to shell out enough cash to buy a used car just for a pair of glasses.   They are located inside a mall. maybe that has something to do with the overly high prices. I dont know. but the limited selection of frame styles and sizes is a reall turn off, along with the refusal to order correct sizes.
