4	So I've lived near Lorenzo's Pizzeria for a few years but have never tried it.  They just opened a new place at Tyvola and Yorkmont and it's called Junior's Pizzeria.  There is no other pizza place near here, and definitely no NY Style pizza place too close to here.  A few coworkers tried the pizza a couple of weeks ago and they loved it.  Today, we got a couple of large pizzas (18" each) and they were tasty.  It's 100x better than Luigi's (if I was from NYC I would insert a cliched "hands down" here).  Why is it better?  There are several reasons.  First, the crust is a little thicker (although not as thick as Libretto's).  Second, they use a lot more cheese, which probably explains some of their higher prices.  Finally, their ingredients are fresher.  Their mushrooms are the fresh kind and not the slimy canned ones.It's about $18 for a large one topping pizza cut into 8 big slices, but it's almost worth it.  The menu is a little scaled down from Lorenzo's as all of the places here really only cater to lunch customers.  I'm glad that Junior's opened near the office and will be returning there for slices on a regular basis.
4	This place is pretty good!  We usually go to Luigi's, but this place just opened up, and it's just as good and it saves about a 10 minute car ride at lunch.It can get a little busy at lunch but you have your food within 5-10 minutes.
3	I love that we finally have a NY-style pizza joint right near my office. I went in and the place was slammed - always a good sign! I was a bit shocked to see that a chicken parm sub was over $10 not including tax. That to me is a bit too high for a pizza place. I asked how long a to-go sub would take and they responded 15 minutes ...so I went with a slice. Since I refuse to pay over $3 for a slice of pizza my options were limited to just cheese. I get it, they use a lot of cheese and perhaps that's why the costs are high but I also like sauce on my pizza and that was lacking. I will say it was tasty but it wasn't anything fabulous for the high prices. Would I prefer Juniors over Dominoes or that god-awful Papa Johns? Absolutely. Perhaps this place could benefit from a lunch special or slice of the day. I would honestly rather drive a little farther and head to Hawthornes and pay $6 for a slice, side salad, and a soda.
4	These guys have some great pizza!  The little plaza at the intersection of Yorkmont and Oak Lake has become a bit of a dining village with Jersey Mike's, Salsarita's, Nana's, the Hibachi place, and now Junior's.  If you're not in the mood for Yorkmont Cafe, you can probably find something in this little plaza.  But we're talking about the pizza!Really good  New York-style pizza.  The interior is decorated with TV's and New York sports logos.  I'm happy to report they are Mets fans, and not fans of that other New York baseball team.  The slices are huge and the service is fast.  For work lunch, that's what I'm looking for.  It is a little on the expensive side, but it's good 'za.They're also open Saturdays till 8:00pm, which is a win for Hyatt Place and Doubletree guests.
2	Pizza not as good as Luigis. Very pricey. Almost 3 bucks for a plain cheese slice.
5	GREAT FOOD!!! In a strip of restaurant rip offs, they have great food@ a REASONABLE price(for our biz park area anyway). I wouldn't order a sub here, just get slices. The ingredients are worth the money-in my opinion. Def my #1 choice of the options we have over there.
4	Being a life long Charlottean, I'm sure I don't know much about "real" NY style pizza and my wife is happy to confirm this fact, along with the complaint often voiced by transplants from parts North that there is no good pizza in Charlotte. We have tried them all and Luigi's and Luisa's Brick oven were about the best. Working on a strong pizza craving we stopped into Junior's Pizzeria the other day for a slice. Let me say that the first slice was so good we ordered another and considered a whole pie but decided to pass...for now. I had pepperoni and Sausage and my wife had just Pepperoni, they were both stellar in all aspects of the pizza maker's art. The crust is thin and flavorful, a combination that is surprisingly hard to come by. The cheese was perfect and plentiful, toppings obviously high-quality. I loved that it came to the table piping hot, in fact too hot to eat and the crust was so crisp. The familiar orange grease dripped onto the plate and we were in heaven. Once i get my fill of pizza I will branch out and try some of the other offerings and I'll be sure to Yelp about it. The smell alone when you walk in will transport you to your favorite Italian restaurant or maybe your Grandmother's kitchen. The decor is the standard NY sports stuff and the service is mostly Self-service, but you won't keep coming back again and again for the service, it will be the craving for Junior's pizza.
5	I came here often when I worked across the street. The pizza is great and tasty. The prices are great (they do discounts off the original price all the time I think) and have great lunch specials. Definitely worth going to one day.
4	Late night dinner after arriving at the airport, I popped into this shopping plaza and it was the lights of Junior's that caught my eye. I was originally thinking that I would get two slices to go (the "lasagna" and the "white" pizzas in the glass looked good) but as I placed my order, I heard my mouth making "penne with sausage and peppers" noises.I had it to go and when I got home, it was still hot. A very large container with a ton of pasta but also a ton of sauce and sliced peppers and sliced sausage. Absolutely delicious and the three garlic knots that came iwth it allowed me to soak up any leftover sauce.Next time, I might try the pizza.
4	Crust is thinner in the middle, so toppings tend to slide off. But that's not so much an indictment of the crust as it is reflection of the copious volume of toppings. Sliced sausage is a plus. I make my reviews almost solely on the basis of taste, but the service when I picked up was fast and personable.
5	I travel to NC for work weekly and my hotel is close to Junior's.  I'm so glad I found this little gem.  It's become a dinner staple for me. The pizza is fantastic, but so is everything else I've tried on the menu.  From the baked Ziti to the connoli, you can't go wrong.
4	Good New York style slices. Great for a quick lunch!
5	Great pizza.. Great appetizers.. Chicken Parm pizza is the best.  Highly recommend.
5	Good pizza, good prices and quick service.I love that you can get a variety of pizza flavors by the slice.  We love the Lasanga pizza.  Although I'm sure they don't make them on site, we love the Black and White cookie they sell. It's my fav I've found in Charlotte.
4	So many flavors and choices, you can't help but fall in love with Junior's Pizzeria.... It is almost mandatory to get right off the plane and head over there. Try the lasagna pizza or the chicken scarpariello pasta (no idea how to say it but it is sooo good!). Other pizzas that you will love are: Chicken Parm, Hawaiian, Margherita, BBQ Chicken, White Pie (mozz ricotta garlic).
5	A group of us stopped in for lunch while we were visiting Charlotte.  Not only was the pizza cheap, it's some of the best I've had for the price.  Service was also nice and fast.  The atmosphere was great, what with several TVs hung around.  All in all, it's the perfect setup for a nice, quick lunch.
3	Staff is EXTREMELY Polite, Friendly and plenty Helpful!  This is NOT a place where you have a waiter... You Order at the Counter and they bring your Food to your Table, yet the Delivery of your food is Much more than you would expect in a place like this!!!  If I were basing my review on Service or Politeness they would get FIVE Yelp stars, or SIX! !! !!!  Easily!The Best Compliment I can give them is that I noticed employees from three of the four Restaurants (they were wearing Uniforms) in the Complex (it is only Restaurants and a convenience store in the complex) were eating here!!!  It was about 2:00 so the other places did not have customers and they want to eat here!!!  One of the neighboring Restaurants had at least two of their employees eating here!Now the tough part the Food was prepared I believe as well as it can be, they seem to have an Excellence Mentality about Service, Cleanliness and Preparation!  I appreciate that!!!Pizza : : Crust had decent flavor, was Better than Al's Pizza, still seemed a little overworked, not to say it was chewy, that part was fine...Sauce had an ok flavor, on the bland side, just slightly betterCheese was NOT a Blend!  Yay!!!  If this was a blend, they did it well!  Still only gets 2 1/2 yelp stars because it lacked the flavor I LOVE in a plain Cheese Pizza!  Maybe a little Too Greasy...Wish They Had Sandwiches, even though I'm not going back they could put their "Jersey" Neighbor Out!!!  Maybe they will anyway because their Pizza is Way Better than "his" sandwiches!!!
4	For a place that has pizza cooked and ready to reheat they are pretty good. Brooklyn fold-n-eat style crust was good. They use good ingredients so it tasted good. Over all they were good and I will return if I return to the area...and want pizza.
4	Now this...is really good pizza!I'm glad I finally got the opportunity to stop by!Right away, I was pleased to see that my "pizza by the slice" options were not just limited to cheese and pepperoni. They have an amazing variety here everything from veggie, chicken parmesan and white pizza to a meat lovers, Sicilian and even a lasagna just to name a few.I went with a slice of the white pizza and my friend went with the lasagna...pretty much the white pizza but topped with meatballs. Can you say Yum?!Both were very, very good. No, really they were VERY good! Here's the rundown: the slices are large and very filling...one slice can definitely fill you up! They are not overly greasy and the crust is winning...seriously... It's Perfect! This place is definitely a gem in the area! I'm sure to be a regular!
4	I've seen friends come back from lunch with Junior's pizza. They offer slices ready to reheat available. I had gone to Juniors with two friends and we decided to sit and stay and order a fresh pepperoni pizza (8 slices). This thing is huge. The fresh pizza is delicious and the cheese is ooey gooey mouth watering. I like how huge each slice is, and how thin the crust is as well. OVerall, good experience, friendly staff and good food!I know I will be back some time in the future!
4	As I was raised on New York pizza, I am a confirmed pizza snob and proud of it.  I have been to Junior's several times and never ordered pizza.  Well, my mistake!  This pizza is as close to what I grew up eating as anything I've had since I migrated below the Mason-Dixon line!  The crust is thin and crisp, the toppings numerous and delish.  I had a slice of cheese and one of chicken parm.  The cheese was nice and gooey and there was just the right of olive oil floating on top. The portions were extremely generous.The service was friendly and pretty fast considering that the place was packed.  I am converted!  I will definitely return for another slice!
3	Junior's your pizza is awesome.  So why no more than 3 stars?  Well because you charge $25 for a two topping pizza.  I don't need to get raped with marinara sauce. Seriously this place is pretty good, but just ridiculousy overpriced.  Pizza in NYC is about $8 cheaper.  What gives?
4	What a great New York spot, not only do they offer pizza, they offer a variety of stuffed calzones & homemade dishes, lasagna, baked ziti, etc. Upon arriving, the Manager/Owner greeted me and was extremely friendly. Unlike some other pizza joints, Junior's offers a variety of slices, cheese, supreme, white, and so many more. I chose the chicken parmigiana slice with a side salad. The slice was so good!  The dough & crust was cooked perfectly with just the right amount of sauce, cheese, and chicken. Loved it! Along with the service and taste of the food being top notch, you can enjoy a variety of games on three TVs throughout the restaurant and a tribute to the NY teams mascots painted on the wall. This is a spot that truly shows the owner/family comes from New York!
4	Seriously good New York style pizza! Thin, crisp but chewy crust, great variety of ready made pizza-by-the-slice at lunchtime...something to suit any mood. Good thing I'm only visiting town or I'd spend way too much time here.
5	I love finding NY pizzerias like Junior's around Charlotte. I've always been a fan of Libretto's and Junior's just may now be right up there with the best of them! Although I have not tried their pizza slices (I definitely will be returning to do just that soon, though), I did order a pepperoni calzone that was made to order. I anxiously waited about 15 minutes for my calzone and was amazed at how big it was (that's what she said) when it was dropped off to my table! I could only eat half of the calzone there at the restaurant and saved the rest for a snack later at home. My boyfriend also had the stromboli which was just as yummy. Seriously, the mozzarella and ricotta were in abundance, which makes me just want to die of foodie happiness. The dough was crispy, yet chewy. This was MY kind of calzone.The service was fast and friendly and the pricing seemed average (about $25 for a stromboli, calzone and 2 soft drinks). I am plotting my next trip to Junior's just so I can try some of their more creative pizza slice options... Chicken Parm Pizza anyone?
1	I can't speak on the food because I've called 3 times to place a carry out order on 3 separate occasions and I'm yet to actually talk to someone. If they can't answer their phone then I can't try the food.
1	Really dirty and mediocre food.  These guys need to go back up north and learn the trade.  Nothing to offer and crabby attitudes as wellVery sketchy people
5	Just moved to the charlotte area last night and after a long day of unpacking I was very tired and decided to order some pizza. I called Junior's and asked if they delivered (I was so tired i didn't feel like leaving my apartment). I got the feeling they don't usually deliver but the guy who answered agreed to drop it off for me. About 10-15 minutes late this guy shows up with the pizza and it turns out he was the owner! Really great guy. He even called about an hour later to see if I had enjoyed the pizza!!Besides the great service the pizza was top notch. I will be a customer for life.
4	Pizza is pretty good. Crispy crust and good cheese. I've had a calzone here too (or was it a Stromboli?) and it was huge and tasty. Recommend it if you're in the area and craving a decent slice. A little over priced in my opinion but I guess that's part of the trade off for being the only New York style pizza spot in the immediate area.
4	Great place to get pizza! We accidentally showed up at closing time. The staff didn't tell us, which was nice. We ordered a whole pizza, spaghetti dinner, and garlic knots. Service was extremely fast and polite. The best thing about the whole experience was my daughter ordered the spaghetti without meat sauce, I asked for some butter, the employee said we do not have butter. So I said ok. About five minutes later the employee came back with a cup of melted butter from the restaurant next-door. I was totally shocked, what a great thing that employee did for my daughter!!Also I will warn you with the garlic knots, I loved them! My wife doesn't like a lot of garlic and they do come with a boatload of garlic! So prepare yourself. I highly recommend this place, the only reason why I did not give it five stars was the cost of the pizza. It seem expensive. $20-$25 for a pizza pie.  However we are not from Charlotte, so I'm sure if that's normal pricing around here for pizza.
5	Off the hook. I am from Brooklyn and thought I was back home. They have the Brooklyn accents too. I felt like I was watching mob wives. Awesome!!! Finally a pizzeria that doesn't serve  anything else but. I go here like 3 times a week and I special order my whole pie when I bring friends. The pizza is crispy but not  thin like cardboard. It's worth every penny. Keep up the good work guys!
5	Grandmas slice at Juniors is the best slice I've had in years- & I'm a NYer. Excellent crispy crust- fantastic sauce & cheese.
5	Best NY style pizza place In all of charlotte and believe me I have been searching since I moved down here from NY. Will definitely be back.
