4	this Ross is clean has a major selection of clothes i love the childrens section the only thing my husband didnt like was that they didnt carry his size of business shirts which is basically what we whent there for in the first place but ended up buying me some dresses :)
1	The 7th level of hell.Noisy, insane, crowded, and always long lines.
1	Hardly anything to choose from.  Looked empty inside.
2	Things are everywhere.  Bad selection on home decorations and barely anything for the bathrooms.  OH well, need to go to the another Ross.
2	Messy long lines of course makes me craaaazy
1	Why is every Ross so messy? I think the company has a certain look they are going for in all their stores that is the"teenagers bedroom look" you know just throw the cloths here there and everywhere
2	2.5 StarsOK Ross Dress for Less reminds me of my high school experience!  You're either saying OK what is this nut talking about or you already moved on.  As a shopper of the big(not so much the big anymore) and tall section, my prospective dating pool was small and actual dates did not happen often!  Yes I was a late bloomer and did fine.  Yes you'll find plenty of pants for short and short & fat guys but not for the taller guys.  Living in Phoenix flip flops are never out of season.  You can usually find flip flops year around with footwear for almost any occasion.  Looking for a business casual polo shirt or button up shirt, check they have them here.  You will find shorts of different varieties, tee shirts that may not be stylish but are great for the gym if you find them on clearance.  Kitchenware, home decor, some furnishing, even some food all can be found here too but could not tell you if any of it is any good because I think it's a bit weird to shop for these things here.  Watches, sun glasses, wallets, purses and jewelry can also be found here but prices seem to be at retail levels in my opinion.  If you already don't know this store is a place you search for things you may need.  For you that never been to one of these, get out of under your rock.  The people watching here is great too.
1	Incompetent, slow paced staff.
4	idk why evrybody gave this place 1 star but i liked it a lot! i mean dont we all know how these type of stores are gonna be!?! so i dont expect that much & when i get greatness then im surprised! just lower ur expectations people!! :) seriously tho, i found some shoes, skirts, bras, clothes 4 my niece, shoes 4 my dad so i was a happy shopper! yes i agree there wasnt that much of a selection & some of the racks/shelves looked a bit empty or bare. the store manager greeted my dad & i as soon as we walked in. the cashier seemed nice 2 as she rang up our items.
4	Ross Dress for Less  was crazy busy last week! But sales people kept their cool and tried to be helpful through it all. I was even directed to the mezzanine, where as a visitor you could receive an extra 10 % discount card, good for 3 days of shopping! All in all, a must experience for the holiday shopper!
