5	The new location is wonderful. So big and open and much easier to find. As soon as you walk in, you are offered a beverage. The staff is awesome. Jenna, my stylist, is nothing short of amazing. She is so talented and creative. She can do anything with hair. She always has great suggestions too. While the salon is a bit pricey, you get what you pay for.
5	The new salon is beautiful! My stylist, Carley is a doll and gives one hell of a shampoo! Any style I've asked for she can do but with her own twist that fits me. I recently came in with a picture of an ombre i really liked, and she went beyond my expectations. I'm in love with my new summer look.
5	What can I say Carley is an incredibly talented hair stylist. She takes the time to get to know you and listen to what you want in a hair style and color.  Her recommendations and colors are spot on. She is definitely a bright stylist and so friendly you feel like family. I'll be back to see Carley again and spread the word about how great she is!!
5	Tony is the best colorist I'm Vegas !! I had 3 people breaking my hair before then I find tony Moreno and he make my hair very blond and silky no breakage life saver !My hair is now platinum blond long and beautiful and being an entertainer my hair is very important to me!The salon is beautiful and big and always give me the star treatment !I always leave with Barbie hair and always get compliment .
5	Always have great service with D (don't want to butcher the spelling of his name). Color is always great does what I ask. Daughter got a kids cut from Carly. Great cut everything we ask for.
5	Tony is one of the best colorists if not THE best colorist in this city! His staff is great and he trains them well. Their eagerness to learn more is what makes them all such a great team. Tony is excellent with blondes. If you are as picky and skeptical as I, your expectations will surely be met if not exceeded. XOXO
5	Best salon in Vegas!!  Entire family goes here.  Wife and mother-in-law go to Tony and I go to Jenna. Highly recommend both of them.
5	I've been coming here for a few years now. I've followed Tony from salon to salon and I'm glad he opened up his own place. The stylists are excellent and professional. I've had haircuts from a few of them and have never been disappointed.
