5	Great place for a cheap meal. The food has always been great and the beer is relatively cheap. The atmosphere is not generic or too corporate. Try the fajitas or breakfast burrito; both are always great!
3	Chuy's is a bad restaurant and a worse bar that just happens to have great food. Chuy's seems to be a chain but they don't have a website and half the locations in town seem to have closed down lately. The faux mexican-cantina is kinda worn out and the floors and tables are always a little unclean. Luckily the food makes up for it a bit.The tri-tip sandwich (get it on garlic bread) is amazing, and I'll come here at least monthly just for that dish.If you stop by at happy hour they have cheap tacos which aren't bad and they have a couple beers on draft, but their house margarita is pretty lame (luckily its cheap!).
3	Meh.Another day that I couldn't stand cooking and didn't want to fork over $20 for takeout. Searched "cheap" and found it. This place is seriously cheap, from the chicken to the tacos to the mermaid barbies with shells glued over their, erm, non-boobs.We missed happy hour but still fed three of us for $11. - a quarter chicken platter (because Derek R.'s review assured me it wouldn't suck), a tri tip burrito, and of course the salsa bar. The chicken tasted like it had been sitting in a bucket of citrus-ey marinade for a few hours and was then grilled... it was edible at best. The tri tip burrito was actually pretty awesome though, I'd go back for one of those.The restaurant itself was cute in a "whoaaa mannnn" sort of a way, I feel like I could get smashed there and they wouldn't care. I was originally going to leave a 2 star review, but I upgraded it to "A-OK" because of our "server". The table was so insanely sticky that when she came to drop off our food, I moved my New Times and the back cover ripped right off and became a permanent fixture to the table. We laughed, and the waitress said "Now you have a placemat" and stuck my plate right on it. Awesome.
2	Once upon a time I was a young lad with a powerful hunger for life and meat. I used to love going to Chuy's. Tri tip sammiches FTW I would have pronounced had FTW not still carried the Tupac meaning back when I liked it...yeah the good ol days. How the mighty have fallen.After a trip to Ikea that went a bit too late to get my lingonberry fix, my companion and I were famished. One of the first places my navigation brought up in the area was  Chuy's. Hey right on, my generation digs nostalgia. The folks working were nice enough...I love the idea of serve yourself all you can eat chips and salsa, I forgot they have a bar, hey things are looking good....until.I don't know if the stale chips just put me off enough to realize that Chuy's looks like my ex's parents bedroom after they refinanced their house to take out an equity loan in order to make their bedroom look like a Margaritaville restaurant. Parrot Heads. They did a half-assed job and so did Chuy's. It lacks the charm I remember the old Metro Center location having.The chips were stale, the salsa was lame, the tri-tip was dry. The service was ok but apparently Wednesday night is the night to visit your buddy who works at Chuy's and get your drink on..I dunno maybe it's just short of payday and you couldn't afford your meds so this seemed like a good idea at the time. Point being I had to (got to?) listen to a loud conversation about a guy's terrible luck. He got pulled over speeding while hauling a trailer that he knew had no lights and got ticketed for everything he was doing wrong, Next day his wife got mad at him and busted a window in their house, later she burned his trailer down, ater again while "partying" he accidently hit the panic button on his friends house alarm causing the police to come to their rescue only to find 3 men with a pile of coke, entertaining a hooker. you aren't unlucky bro, you have bad judgement and worse taste in women.Sigh. If you dragged me to Chuy's I would go I guess...maybe...for childhood Nathan's sake.
5	Hot shrimp was awesome
4	I am really surprised to see some of the awful ratings below.  Overall, it rates to 3.5 stars, but I think its better.  I wonder if any of these guys tried El Pollo Loco.  Last time I went to El Pollo Loco, I felt like I was eating salt.  Ever since I found Chuys in AZ, I am never going back to El Pollo Loco.  It is hard to compare Chuys to a classic Mexican or Grilled Meats place because it still has a fast food type atmosphere.  I think its great they have a chips and salsa bar you can just help yourself.  Their salsa can be a little bit more spicier and flavorful, so this is why I give it 1 star less.  Nevertheless, their chicken is amazing.  I highly recommend paying a buck more for white meat chicken.  I usually get the half or quarter pound platter, depending on how hungry I am.  I can tell the food is fresh because there I times I take the food back and don't it eat for a few days, and it is still very juicy and flavorful after reheating it.It is too bad some of the locations are closing down, but that is something I see a lot going on with other chains.  I think Chuys has to strategically choose better locations.  This one happens to be right next to Serranos, and Serranos is better by a mile, but the food is different style.  Price wise, Serranos is not that much more, so I am guessing more people go there.
4	I really like this place and have no idea why the reviews are so crappy.  If you people want Mexican food then go to a Mexican place.  If you want better quality chicken, go to Bandares or Houstons or the tons of other places that serve good quality stuff and don't bitch about the price or that its in Scottsdale.  While some places rip you off, you pay for what you get for the most part.  Anyway, rant over.Chuy's is very good.  It is neither a Mexican or a chicken joint.  It is some sort of Baja cuisine that I don't really understand but I really like.I don't really like the ordering process here.  There is no overhead menu so I'm always unsure where to stand to place my order.  Lucky for me, right when i walk in the door, a person is right there asking what I want.  Not 2 seconds after I walk into the place I already feel flustered.  I'm handed a menu and stand to the side to make my decision.  All I really wanted was 3 or 4 of their fish tacos because they are awesome.  I didn't want all the rice and beans and stuff that comes with the 2 taco meal but I couldn't find the single tacos on the menu.  Oh well....I settled on the tri-tip and chicken meal because I could feel everyone staring at me wanting me to place my order.  I've gotten that same meal before and it is excellent.  Not the highest quality or the healthiest meal around, but I don't care...it is darn good.  You get a 1/4th of a chicken and a good amount of tri-tip stuff.  It's actually a good amount of grub.As I was waiting for my order I found the single fish tacos on the menu.  Not worth like $3/taco but I'm for sure getting a few of those next time I return.  They are really that good.  Especially with their special sauce stuff.The help yourself chip and salsa bar is also pretty good.  Above average I'd say.  Plenty of most-of-the-time fresh chips and plenty of most-of-the-time fresh salsas.  The salsas are ok but can use some more kick.Anyway, yeah, the place is probably not so clean and everything is sticky.  There are also tons of random California junk lining the walls but that is all part of this place's charm.There are a lot of Chuy haters out there but I don't care.  I will return.
1	bleh.....bland as all hell....even being super cheap was still a waste of $
3	This is a good place to go for a margarita and some Baja style mexican food.  The atmosphere is similar to a cantina in Rocky Point.  If you like Jimmy Buffet, and wish you were in Maragaritaville, this is the place for you.  Even if you think Jimmy Buffet is an overated hack, like me, it is still a relaxing, good place.Pros:It is a great meeting place for medium to large parties, because of its large indoor/outdoor patio layout.Food and drinks are reasonably priced.  Decent food, decent service (an order at the counter type place).Cons:  I have never witnessed a wet t-shirt contest here.There aren't any street vendors selling sunglasses.Jimmy Buffet beat me at arm wrestling here, so I am bitter.
3	This place has something. It seems slightly worn and kind of has a beach-dive feel but it is so comfortable. It feels like a friend's house. The atmosphere is just so relaxed and kick-back. You walk up to the bar to order your food. This location has a great menu of specials so I've never even ordered off the regular menu. You get your drinks and head over to the chips and salsa bar. They have baskets out and you help yourself to as many chips you'd like. They also have this yummy seasoning you can put on your chips. Their salsa bar is more limited but still pretty tasty. You seat yourself wherever you'd like. Their food is pretty good...not amazing but it's just good. It goes with the atmosphere and I really enjoy eating here. It's very relaxing after a stressful day. You aren't hassled with waiters, it's a big place so you can sit in your own area and just enjoy. They have these chicken enchiladas that are soooo different. They are crispy but kinda soft since they're smothered in their delicious enchilada sauce. So much flavor and it has a sweetness to it. They are so unique. Like I said, the food isn't life changing but if you like a chill place to eat and hang out, just relax, try this place. You may find it really enjoyable too.
4	I love this place and have been eating there for years.  I love the fish salad or the tri-tip sandwich.  Even the roasted chicken is great.  The help your-self chips and salsa are great to munch on while you wait for you food.
2	This place seems to have quite a following, since it has been here since I was a kid.  Sorry to be a hater, but I am not going to be one of those devoted followers.  We drove past it today and thought, you know, after all these years we have never eaten at Chuy's, so we decided to give it a try.  Walking inside, the interior is reminiscent of a divey beach bar, except you are in the middle of land-locked Arizona.  Chips and salsa are off to the side and free for the taking.  We placed our order of a burger, enchilada combo plate, and cheese quesadilla, and dug into the chips and salsa.  The chips were pretty hard, and not very appetizing, but since they were free, hey who am I to complain.  When I received my burger it was: 1.  Not the right burger I ordered, 2. Not very good since the meat was very dry and bland.  All in all, the burger was $7.49 which came with fries, and was very uninspiring.  The enchiladas were better, albeit a bit salty, and the cheese quesadilla was decent.  Maybe if you come here for their very cheap drinks it would be worth it, but for me I'd rather go to a better place for Mexican food or burgers.
4	I almost always get the fish salad and it's the fucking bomb. If I had 3 wishes, I'd wish that I could have this for lunch, every day, forever. They have cheap margaritas and a funky beach atmosphere that makes me feel like the ocean is just beyond the open patio windows. But then I'm slapped with the reality that Target is over there and we live in the desert. Ha anyways, it makes me kinda sad that every time I go in there, it's totally empty! EDIT: Apparently the owner, his son and their accountant got arrested for tax evasion today. Sucks they had to go and do that! I want my freakin fish sally!!!!! :(
