4	Berry Quool recently opened on Lincoln Ave, a welcome unique addition to the long line of barber shops, pizza shops, and salons that seem to open and close in the blink of an eye in Bellevue.  I've never been to a froyo place that is self serve, but they are popping up everywhere in the city and seem to have quite a following.  Berry Quool looks very clean, bright, and welcoming with its white interior and modern style design.  There is construction outside currently, and I'm hoping outside seats will be available soon.  A friend and I went to berry quool with my dog recently (they are pretty dog friendly, btw... you can't bring him in or anything but they have water out front and free dog treats inside!).  Inside there are a line of yogurt flavors including cheesecake, mint, blueberry, peach, and a lot I can't remember.  Then there are a lot of toppings to choose from, including crunchy bits like granola and chocolate covered pretzels, the standard fair like sprinkles and syrups, and fresh choices like blueberries, strawberries, and kiwi.  I especially loved the fresh fruit options!  The fruit was in good shape, didn't look previously frozen, and was really tasty.   I opted for cheesecake froyo, with a smidge of blueberry froyo, topped with blueberries, strawberries, kiwi, granola, and strawberry syrup.  A reasonable amount was less than $4.  I can see how you could accidentally spend a lot more though if you get out of control with heavy toppings!  In fact, the lady in front of me had a bucket of froyo and toppings that cost her almost $9.  A few reasons berry quool did not get 5 stars:1. I generally can't get excited about froyo.  As a pregnant woman in the homestretch I pride myself in being a connoisseur of sorts in desserts.  Froyo is refreshing like ice cream, but quite frankly its just not ice cream.  I'm a soft serve ice cream fanatic and I would LOVE to see a soft serve version of one of these joints.2.  The froyo machines were slow slow slow... and one did not work.  I don't know if it's common for these machines to be so slow but it was annoying for this froyo virgin.3.  The name "berry quool" confuses me and makes me feel 90 years old.  I don't get it, I don't want to get it, but I do want to go there again.Berry Quool is open to the public now, but has a grand opening next Friday, 7/12.  If you see a gigantically pregnant woman scarfing down froyo, that'll be me making a return visit to this cute shop.
4	Thank GOD that someone in the north has grown a brain and opened one of these places! More selections of yogurt that I could wrap my head around, cheesecake, peanut butter, mint cookie...I could be here forever. Don't get me wrong, the places like this in the mall are great, but their limited yogurts are what keeps me away. Berry Quool has lots of yogurt and topping options. Even though my husband took the last of the strawberries!! Silly boy. Remind me to leave him at home next time I stop by! ;) The redhead behind the counter was VERY friendly, and thanked us for stopping in. Not very often that you find a teenager these days who isn't taking their bad day out on you. She was a total sweetheart! Luckily, Berry Quool is a quick 5 minute ride from my place. You on the other hand may have to drive. DO IT. so worth it.
4	The atmosphere, clientele, and selection of toppings. This place is a hit!! My dentist may not approve but my Tum Tum does!!
5	By far, favorite froyo joint I've visited. I've been to quite a few to compare it to, and this one takes the cake. Friendly staff, a variety of flavors for everyone, and an assortment of toppings that are always fresh, doesn't matter the time of day or night.  This place has never disappointed me.  If you like frozen yogurt, definitely give this place a try!
4	Exactly like Sweet Frog, without the religious twist. All the different custards are great, usually 8-10 different flavors, I believe. A bunch of delicious candy toppings to round it out and all for $0.49 per ounce! Cashier made a mistake and overcharged me but fixed it quickly, no damage done. For some reason, the place is usually pretty empty, my guess was because of lack of parking.
