4	I called the office at 9:00a.m. And was offered an appointment for the same day! I was expecting to have to wait at least a few days! I arrived at exactly the time of my appointment. I was discombobulated when I walked into the office. There is no receptionist area. There is no partition between "us (patients)" & "them(medical people". There was a staff person sitting in the beautifully appointed lobby working on an iPad when I entered. She didn't smile but said, "are you here for an appointment?", which oddly enough I was! She handed me a clipboard & instructed me to complete the forms with nary a smile. While waiting I observed several staff interacting warmly with other patients instantly impressing me!! I waited less than 10 minutes in the comfy chair before surly nurse entered the doorway & said, "I'm ready for you now."  No smile. No emotion- think Lurch. I was taken to a simply decorated but clean exam room where I was asked the usual questions. I waited less than 5 minutes for the physician to enter the room. Dr . Grier was personable and professional. She was thorough!! My appointment lasted just shy of 2 hours ( I was her last appointment of the day). I feel comfortable with her knowledge and recommendations. I didn't feel assaulted by her physical exam (ladies you know what I mean!). The final portion of my visit was lab work. The phlebotomist acted as if she had been vaccinated with pickle juice. She said neither hello nor goodbye. She did not acknowledge my tears as my blood was being drawn. She was unprofessional at best and uncaring at least. * of note I know she doesn't work for MomDoc, she is employed by the lab*.  I will definitely return to this doctor despite the staff but I can assure you- Atilla will never touch me again!!
2	Dr. Freeman is one of the best I've been to, but her staff has been so awful both times I've been here. The first time, her MA was looking for my baby's heartbeat in my ribs & said it didn't have a heartbeat, there was something wrong. (There obviously wasn't!) The second time, I went in to find out my baby's gender. The ttech came out 20 minutes earlier than she said she would & would not wait for my family to get there. So I was all alone. I tried to video call my husband so he could at least see it because she wouldn't wait for him to get there. She told me what I was having before he answered & shut of the machine before he even answered. I crowd my eyes out & Dr. Freeman asked her to take me back to show my parents a picture at least. This time the babies legs were crossed so she was hitting my stomach with the scanner to get him to move. After 30 seconds she was done & told my parents the babies leg was his penis. She shut the machine off again. No pictures, no video, nothing!! Then we left & she raced me out of the parking lot! Thanks Mom Doc for spoilling a moment I can't ever get back!! What a terrible afternoon!
5	They got me in immediately,  were super nice and very informative!  Will definitely be coming back :)
