2	Salon was very warm. Might have been heat from the windows. Blah. And their selection of polishes of China Glaze and O P I were very limited and what was there was old, half empty and separating. My technician was friendly but did not wear gloves. During the soak, a part from the tub came loose and started rattling (which the technician promptly fixed. The salon was clean but did not have a welcoming feeling. Walls are painted white with a lot of mirrors. Chair message was ok. There are too many better shops to visit. This was ok for a quick pedicure.
4	I've been coming here on and off for the last 10 years. It's warming to see the same people there after all these years. The staff is personable and welcoming.
5	Nice staff.  Quick, but thorough job.  The guy advised me to stop getting colored acrylic because it's hard to file down.  I appreciated the advice.  The place is older, but clean.  Good experience overall.  I gave them five stars because I liked how I didn't have to spend all day there.  Also, the gel was opaque.  There weren't any see through areas on my nail job.
2	Ugh. Maybe they were having a bad day. But everyone was horribly unfriendly.  When I walked in I asked for a fill. The two stations where being occupied so kim called to the back of the shop and told her "fill" the lady shook her head and they exchanged words I didn't understand.  She sat back and continued to mess with her iPhone.  I waited 15 mins to be helped. I guess this person in the back was to busy to help me. As I waited,  I noticed everything was dirty, old and cluttered.  Someone had also over done it with the label maker.  Labeling the chairs "chair" and paper towel holder "paper towels" lol. Their selection of nail polish was poor and looked dry, maybe they have been there over a decade? Ick. Horrible dirty walls, floors, chairs! Did I mention the decor? Or complete lack of.... With so many nail shops don't waste your time with this one.
5	I checked this place out because of the other good reviews, and they were right! This place  is a great find! Naomi did my mani and pedi, and she was meticulous. She  did a great job. I would definitely recommend going here, and I will definitely be back.
1	DONT GO HERE! The service was TERRIBLE and they were super unfriendly.... I tried telling them they needed to fix my pinky nail cause it looked so jacked up and they insisted it looked great.... Worst experience ever! On top of that my nails were full of bubbles and didn't even last a week before they started to peel up!!
1	This was my first time getting my nails done. I was already nervous when I walked into the salon, I didn't know what I was doing. I asked for a full set with nail polish. Apparently, this meant a full set with just the tips painted. When I asked for the whole nail painted, the man said no. I was upset but I didn't complain. I had called just before I came in to let them know what I wanted and to ask of they accepted Discover. When I produced my Discover debit card to pay, they said they didn't accept it. What? I had JUST asked not 30 minutes ago. So, I paid with different card and gave a $5 tip in cash. By the end of it, my nails look uneven and are not what I even wanted. I am never going back. The place seemed old and dirty and full of gaudy decorations. I will be never ever go back to this business. It's inexpensive but, the customer service is nonexistent and the hygiene is lousy.
