2	Overrated. The side salads are nothing special with a lack of selection. The sandwiches were fine, although a little on the thin side, but the prices are not on the thin side. Overuse of the MICROWAVE! They have 2 blasting non stop. Sorry, you're not getting a strong review from me if that's your go-to piece of equipment.
4	The Spot:If you work anywhere near Victoria Square or just find yourself wandering in the area on a weekday, and you get that undeniable craving for the perfect sandwich, look no further than Officina to fill the void. This minimalist eatery, the best of a handful of gourmet luncheonettes to pop up on Viger between Beaver Hall and St. Alexander in recent years, provides a wide array of freshly made sandwiches that are sure to satisfy and that rarely miss the mark. It's easy to find too; if the black and white Officina sign jutting out over the sidewalk isn't obvious enough, just let your hunger radar guide you to the busiest counter on the street.What's Really Good:Four words: Speck, arugula, black truffle. Ok, just three more words: Italian sausage ciabatta.Actually, while there are some crowd-pleasing staples that never leave the menu, the options at Officina vary daily so there's no guarantee of getting your favourite sandwich every time you go. But that's part of the restaurant's charm; each day the friendly, dedicated staff takes to slicing, chopping, and lovingly combining top quality meats, cheeses, and produce to created limited quantities of their tasty creations. But don't worry if you see your first choice get crossed off the paper menu behind the counter, the glass display case is lined with fresh herbs, a beautifully marbled leg of prosciutto, and mouth-watering sandwiches that seem to shine under the carefully selected recessed lighting, so you'll have no problem finding a second choice (that may likely become your new go-to on your next visit). Other notable sandwiches include a pork loin and caramelized onion baguette, roasted salmon and dill cream cheese ciabatta, and a little Quebec lamb number accompanied by its own jus served hot for dipping.If you're hungry enough to go all out at lunch, Officina offers several side salads to complement your sandwich for a small surcharge of $2.00. Served in a tiny Chinese food takeout container, these also vary daily but are often well thought out and a refreshing complement to the paninis. In the event that you're feeling real knife and fork food, Officina also prepares all-out meals; the best are the always-available giant homemade meatballs, but a small rotation of better than average home-style proteins rounds out the menu.And then there's the brownie. While the sandwiches are no-doubt the main attraction here, Officina's rendition is a quiet contender for champion of Montreal brownies. Left in their baking tray between the cash register and espresso machine, you'll be hard-pressed to say no to these tender, gooey, walnut-filled squares of intense chocolaty goodness. But be warned, the brownies are huge and no matter how committed you are to your health you will finish yours on the spot.You'll Wanna Know:Officina grills its sandwiches by default when you order, and while it's tempting to always have your sandwich warm don't just let things happen without reflecting on what's between your bread! Certain ingredients, like rare roast beef or smoked salmon, lose the best aspects of their flavour when they're cooked and are much better enjoyed cold.The place does pack up quickly at lunch time and has limited seating, which works out fine in the summer when you'd rather take your food across the street into Victoria Square anyways (they do take out), but can make things a little claustrophobic otherwise. If you don't mind eating before noon, everything is set up and ready to go by 11:30, at which time you'll get first dibs and a clear view of all the food in the house... and the luxury of time to make a decision.Sandwiches run between $9 and $15, depending on how fancy you get with ingredients, side salads go for $2, full meals for roughly $15, and pastries for $2-3. Officina also serves Lavazza espresso and stocks a fridge full of cold drinks to wash down your meal with.
4	A perfect spot to stop on my way to work and pick-up a coffee, croissant or one of their grilled sandwiches. I usually get there shortly after 8:00 when the gals are putting together the differs types of sandwiches for the day. I love their tuna fish!!!  Definitely some of the  best croissant and sandwiches downtown. Friendly and fast service in the morning.
