1	My husband and I used Dr. Bowman several times until he financially put me in a bad situation.  I was in the dental field since I was 13 years old, then a Dental Hygienist for 23 Years.  I do not work anymore since I was struck with a chronic illness which he and his staff knew, and yet he proceeded to financially rip me off as well as doing the most horrible job.  My front tooth had a minor chip and some cervical erosion near the gumline.  He bonded the complete face of the tooth and submitted it to my insurance in a manner that it is not covered, they should have known better that it was not for cosmetic reasons.  His insurance lady, whom also was $800 off on the cost of my husband's crown that he started on his first visit also put us in a hole.  She apparently makes mistakes and then the patient is responsible for what she does or doesn't do correct. I realy think it is intentional and so did my husband after the 2nd incident. She told me, "Don't worry", yet I was charged $704 for a bonding that broke in 2 weeks and Dr. Bowman just repaired it. BTW, I don't do $704 bondings!  They were aware that it was cosmetically unacceptable and I had an appointment for it to be redone beffore it broke, but all Dr. Bowman did was repair it.  While doing this tooth initially, he mocked the 2 adjourning teeth that have 20 year old bondings on them looking better than the one he did.  He never redid it as I was told he would.  It had and still has all marks and lines in it.  I alerted my insurance company to the situation, but through deception, he called it 2 different procedures in the same day to make like she did an insurance error.  I just finished paying him $704 and $50 for my deductible for a tooth that needs to be redone.  I have gone to 2 dentists after, and in their treatment plan, all they mention is to bond tooth #8, that is the $754 tooth, how ironic.  I even pleaded with Dr. Bowman and his Office Manager in writing, but to no avail.  I feel that was so unprofessional and there is also such a thing as professional courtesy to which there was none.  I was constantly harassed by the office even the day I came home from surgery to which they knew.  All that they care about is money.  One good thing was the hygienist there Chevy, I don't know how she can deal with the 2 of them.   Dentists like Dr. Bowman and his Office Manager who is an ex- Dental Hygienist herself make me realize that maybe I am lucky I can not work any longer, I would never do such a thing to any patient.  Buyer Beware!!!
5	Wonderful office!  Our family moved here from California where we had been going to the same dentist for 15 years.  Upon the recommendation of a long time Las Vegas resident we started to use Dr. Bowman's practice.  All of our family members have been to the office in the last 6 months for routine cleanings, crowns:( and fillings.  The care we all received was excellent.  The office staff is friendly and efficient and asks about the other members of your family when you are there for a visit.  They know who their patients are; even the new ones.  I would highly recommend Dr. Bowman's practice.
5	The BEST Dentist I've ever been to!! Seriously the nicest and most gentle Doctor. My  first Root Canal was a piece of cake!!! He cares so much about his patients and evidently his staff! Everyone is all smiles and friendly at the office. I felt well taken care of and will continue to see Dr. Bowman :)
