4	This place has always been clean when I come in. Everyone is nice, even the patrons, and the service is fast. Good breakfast+Nice waitresses=Good start of day
2	As a breakfast snob I really do not like Denny's.  They don't really do anything especially well.  Also, I've had inconsistent quality of food and helpfulness of staff on different occasions.  I can't slam this place for one unpleasant waitress, but I can for those inconsistencies and that fact that there are just so many other places that do what they do better.In fact, this place was the very last Denny's I ever ate.  The food took forever, it wasn't well done, came out all screwed up, and the waitress was unpleasant.  After that experience I decided to never set foot in another Denny's.
4	I may be in bizaro world but this Denny's was great compared to all the Cleveland Denny's. The decor was actually new and clean.  Not overly packed for a Saturday after hours. Food was out quick and it all was cooked to order. I had the peaches and French toast breakfast. I left satisfied and ready to sleep to catch my flight the next morning. Oh, I forgot, it is morning. Hope I don't miss my flight. Phoenix, AZ is a place I could possibly move to.  Also the waitress offered us a free dessert because the friend I was with did not write in his gratuity correctly. After he thought it was her mistake he then realized it was his mistake. Wow, now that's customer service.
1	Ummmmm....yuck.  Just "yuck".I mean, seriously?  I give it one star because the waitress was nice and we got good service.We were here last week.  Wife got her birthday "grand slam".  OMG...I don't know what they did but it was disgusting.  The pancakes tasted heavy and fat and, well, just "yucky".  They should have been "light and fluffy", as most breakfast places will make them.  Eggs weren't a lot better.  I wouldn't be surprised if eating that shaved a year or two off her life.  It was free for her birthday, and I still think we got ripped off on that one!I had a burger and fries.  Well...they were better than McDonald's.  Can't say they were bad.  But definitely nothing special.  You could make a better one in your own kitchen in about 10 minutes for a fraction of the cost.  If you want a decent burger try Fuddruckers or Red Robin or someplace like that.  For the price, Denny's burger was definitely not worth it.I don't care if it's free on your birthday, it's not worth it.  Don't come here.
4	This is our local Denny's so we eat here probably 5 times a year for breakfast on the weekends. It's always busy for breakfast but they are really good about getiing you in and the food is always good. I've never had a problem here.
4	I love breakfast food. Which is why I end up at Denny's so often. I'm not really big on chains and growing up I never liked Denny's, and I have even gotten an upset stomach from going to certain Denny's.This Denny's is the best one I have been to however. Their food is always fresh and fast, the service is always great, and I have never felt at all sick after eating here.
4	Just finished breakfast and experienced the best customer service! Trisha is an exceptional server! Had the chocolate peanut butter pancakes...like eating the nectar of awesomeness. Far superior to the Reeses pancakes I had tried at OverEasy
5	This Denny's Dinner has always been awesome!  The food is good,  the service is excellent, & location, just off Loop 202, very convenient.  =)
1	This used to be an average at best Denny's, it is older, service is slow, even though it is usually empty it takes awhile to get food, but my family went to this restaraunt, because it was usually empty and we could get larger seats, and the owner gave a 15% discount to veterans and military. Then today I went in and was getting charged extra for sauces we usually get and then was informed that there is no ownership and that he did not believe in giving the military that is standard at most Denny's. The note read there will be no further military discounts given. That just struck me wrong, those 3-4 dollars you are giving back to those that fight for this country are really going to break your back. Just wanted to let it be known, the hostess said the new ownership keeps changing things and it is getting a bid absurd, chargin for a lot of things they did not use to.
2	Well, it was someones birthday. So I ended up here again. The slam still didn't look very good, but I had the Santa Fe skillet, and it was very tasty.  The kid enjoyed her chicken fried steak.  And my wife seemed to like her "Hobbit Hole" (yeah, Tolkien themed food...).   And the service was friendly and reasonably good.So I must amend my previous review.  This was a three star visit.   Maybe 2.5 (like I said, the 'slam' still didn't look appetizing to me).  I can definitely recommend the Santa Fe skillet if you come here.  Though it's still not my first choice of places to come, frankly.  But if you order the right things you certainly could do much worse than this place.
1	dennys was the best restaurant when I was a teenager. as you get older and have acquire a taste for real food and not a cafeteria joint.  I stopped being a fan of dennys when I was 21. it became something I rather not eat and just starve.I don't expect a lot from dennys, unless Im drunk and need food to sober up. I just think your better off hitting up a drive thru instead.
2	I ordered the T-bone and eggs. The food wasn't the best, especially hash browns and toast. The hash browns were extremely bland and a little burnt. Speaking of burnt, the toast was. One side was charred while the other was slightly burnt. As for the T-bone, i asked for medium and got well-cooked. It was dry but A1 sauce helped a little. The only safe thing was the eggs. But a little later I got a stomach ache. Although I wasn't happy  I gave a 2 star because I've had worse.
4	There is the old school Denny's that have been there forever and then there is the new Denny's. This is a new one. Very clean and modern. Always full. Always friendly and fast service.
1	it's dennys, long wait for food, lackluster service and a hair in the eggs that tasted like vinegar make this a visit that I hope we will all soon forget. It made me feel cheap and dirty, like I needed a shower after having ate a turkey burger with a stale bun. =-(
2	I usually go to Denny's for their breakfast.  I've never ventured out to their lunch/dinner menu. Now I know why I avoided it for so long. It was not good. I had the "new" Chicken and Avocado Sandwich.  It had pico de gallo and sour cream on it too. The only thin I tasted was sour cream and chicken. The pico de gallo and avocado had no flavor whatsoever. My fries also were way too salty and didn't come out with the sandwich. Not a huge deal.We did have a few more food issues around the table. My wife's turkey bacon was not cooked at all. It looked like it came right out of the package. Her toast was also burnt--both items were sent back.  Our waitress was quick and friendly about the errors and was very apologetic.Luckily my daughter didn't finish her pancakes so I did enjoy something.  From now on, it's breakfast at Denny's.
4	Sooooo.... I wrote another review for a Denny's in Payson (that was not shining) but it reminded me how awesome this one is.We (my family and I) have been to this location probably 2 dozen times. There have been a couple of issues here and there but its always very clean, the help is always great and the food is always good.Very consistent.
4	This is a reasonable Denny's and my husband likes to go here.  We usually get good service, but periodically not.The food is typical and nothing out of the ordinary.  My husband does love their Lumberjack breakfast, which is a lot of food.  It's easier to go here to eat rather than make all this stuff, which I did once.  Anyway, it's fine.  No real stand out complaints but no real stand out praises either.  It's convenient and periodically we will eat here, maybe 2-3 times a year.
5	always come here late at night to do homework and everyone is so nice! service is always fast and friendly. beats starbucks wifi!
5	I love this place. Kayla is a great waitress. Soda and coffees always filled. Our order taken right away. Food arrived very timely. And delicious!!
