3	Ok...so we walk in @ around 2:30am...all 5 people I am with are wasted and trying to tell me to brace myself and accept the fact that this is THE place to come eat at this time of night..we just left a biker bar down the street.  THIS DINER IS OPEN 24HRS A DAY!!!They still have a "smoking" section at this restaurant!! sure it's a few pic nic tables outside but what do you expect for an old greasy spoon? I am a smoker, and I'll take any smoking section!Personally I LIKE these types of places,cause of the surprise element- you never know what you are going to get.  IF you are on a budget...check this out- they have a flyer sitting near the tables where you can rip out a 2 for 1 breakfast coupon!Being that everyone spent their $ on drinks before we rolled in- coupons were clipped quickly.I ordered eggs and biscuits and gravy and bacon...the heart attack special..and it was great.  The eggs were not burned, the bacon was perfect and it seemed like the biscuits AND gravy were home made.  We talked to the waitress and asked if it's always dead around 3am..and she said, "actually NO the BREAKFAST crowd is about to start pouring in about now" We were kind of shocked..like do people really get up at 2am and get ready for their day?She told us in her experience there in Apache Junction -yes they do.As for the decor..it kinda looks like the inside of a jack-in-a-box with ALL BOOTH SEATING circa 1978, and like they haven't done anything since then.  Carpets are worn and old, wall paper is smoke stained and the furniture hasn't ever moved..but what do you expect for a diner? Personally I liked it.  The only reason I didn't give it MORE stars is cause I don't want some foodie to read this, AND go there with high expectations- the pluses =24hrs, coupons!, cheap decent breakfast, and smoking outside...enjoy!
5	This is my "Cheers!" They have great drink specials, friendly 'tender's and an array of flavored vodkas that you wouldn't believe. Cotton Candy anyone? Not to mention a great (and updated) Jukebox as well as darts and Golden Tee for the kiddies, er, hubby's. :) Karaoke if you dare, but come with a smile and kick back with some of regulars you'll see there at the same time, everyday! While you're there, leave your mark and sign one of the tables. Yay Cobb's!!!
1	This is one of the filthiest restaurants I have ever had the misfortune to go into - I was shocked that this place remains open.  The food was worse than mediocre - truly poor in every aspect.ICK.
2	Dirty.  I had flies buzzing all over me during dinner (inside).  They were out of a lot of stuff, but...  they do get points for being opened in the middle of the night I suppose.
1	If you don't like the Hacker, don't even bother to stop at this place. Stick to a burger and skip the salads and plates-platters. Service is so slow you will think they don't like you, so go ahead and grab a menu or two. That will get you some attention. Sure hope we caught them on a bad day since neither the food, service, duct tape booths, dirty big blotchy stained rug and slow service puts this place in the bottom of the barrel.
1	Stopped in here today and figured I would give it a try as I pass it all the time. First thing is the smoking section is right in front of the place so you have to walk through it to get inside. I get splitting migraines from cigarette smoke so I had to hold my breath. once in side there was a sign saying please seat your self.  so we did and figured they did not see us come in because it took for ever to get service. the booth was dirty, and the window sill had a inch layer of dust, with some old fries and about five dead flies on it. it took forever for the food to come, which is odd because there was only five people in the place and three outside smoking. the food was nothing to brag about just plain bleh. Not sure how they stay in business must have cheap drink on the lounge side and if you are wasted you don't care about the rest. place should shut down.
5	New management has turned this place around. If you can get past the out-dated decor. You are in for a treat! Huge portions, diner style food, friendly service all super quick! This must be why there's always a ton of cars in the parking lot!!!
1	Do not go here. I was yelled at in the resturuant and called names and my food tottaly disgusting and I was refused a replaced order and my money back. I hope this place burns down. I do not reccommnd this place.
1	We live less than a mile away and refuse to eat here anymore. The food is horrible, the service sucks unless you're over 80, we would rather go to Walmart to have dinner. If I give negative stars I would.
