2	Was basically told at 4 wheel parts today that because my two projects aren't rock crawlers or jeeps they can't help me but did refer me to another shop but based off the questions I asked and the answers they gave there people don't know S?@!
1	Like others have said this place has very poor customer service! I had to deal with this place two times before they would cooperate with me! I had a bent track bar that should've been replaced under warranty. First, I contacted the manufacturer, Rubicon Express and explained what happened to it. Rubicon Express--without hesitating--acknowledged that it was a part that would be replaced under warranty, no problem. Rubicon Express told me I could go to 4 Wheel Parts to replace the bent bar since they are a local authorized dealer, I could avoid all that down time with my jeep. When I went there, the guy at the counter refused to replace the bar under warranty, even though I had specific instructions, paperwork, pictures backing up my warranty claim with Rubicon Express! The guy would not acknowledge the warranty, blatantly said "I hit something, therefore that's why it's bent" and pretty much refused to help me. Well this is the first time I dealt with them, they wouldn't help me out at all so I left. A week goes by, I contact Rubicon Express again explaining what happened when dealing with 4WP. They said there shouldn't be any problems, and advised me to go back there and get my bar replaced. I go there again, second time now. The SAME GUY behind the counter, very rudely, gave me the run around again. While debating over the bend, he brought out a new track bar to compare the bend with my old one, and said "there is barely a bend and it shouldn't make a difference". The guy clearly did not know what he was talking about, you could see a 1/2" difference in height near the bend thus adjusting the heim joint to compensate for the 1/2 inch loss making the amount of thread engagement very unsafe for driving and impossible to center the axle properly. After arguing and debating over the bend and this and that...he finally said I could have the new one. When I offered to give him my email from Rubicon Express that instructed 4WP to replace the bar for their records, he very rudely told me, "I don't need it...whatever". EXTREMELY RUDE! They don't know what they are talking about when it comes to their products and their product's warranties. Tried to tell me "the bend is not big enough to cause a problem"...He did not know what he was talking about. Overall horrible customer service, I wouldn't even consider this "customer service". Would not deal with this place ever again!!! I do have to mention though that through all of this, Rubicon Express remained very helpful to me, even acknowledging their warranty.
