4	This spot has several different venues under one roof.  There is country bar with line dancing, a current dance club, a 70's/80's dance club, a karoake bar and a pool hall.  The place is huge, with good drink specials.  Have had a good time every time we've gone.
4	There are four distinct clubs here -- country, hip hop, a comedy club, and a karaoke bar. All look like lots of fun.Pros: HUGE dance floor, cheap drinks, and lots of different types of people, so no matter who you are, you will probaly feel like you fit in somewhere. Cons: lots of different types of people. I've heard from some who are younger and hipper than I that they didn't appreciate some of us "older" folks, heh.
3	I first learned about Graham's Central Station about 4 years ago and have gone there a few times a year.  It's been about 6 months since my last visit and decided to meet some friends there this past Saturday night.  To get the most for your money, try our approach:  On Saturday nights, get there before 8:00pm  (You can actually get in around 6:30pm if you're want to start the night early) .  That way you avoid the $6 cover charge.  Plus, until 9:30pm you get $0.25 beers and well drinks - just remember to hang onto your empty until you order the next round.  To top it off, the Burrito Guy near the front of Graham's sells $5 burritos, made with all the fixings.   He doesn't skimp either - they are huge and really hit the spot after dancing and karaoke.Planned right, you can enjoy the evening for around 10 bucks a person!
4	Friday night busy, Saturday night is packed. Get there before 9:30 on Saturday to get your quarter beers. The other reviews pretty much cover most of it. I like the fact that its huge and wide open, even when its packed you can still breathe and its not terribly hot in there. Also they have the biggest country dance floor in the area, the waitresses are pretty easy on the eyes. Dont forget to get  drunk and ride the bull!
3	There's a little something for everyone at this South Tempe dance club. Even my Mom likes to come here! Graham, as the regulars call it, features four rooms -- the South Beach room where a DJ spins hip-hop and techno music along with the country-heavy Rockin' Rodeo room, the retro Confetti's where a DJ spins '80s and '90s hits and Alley Cats, a karaoke bar. It tends to draw an older crowd and you'll see a lot of cowboys. But the beer is certainly cheap! There are drink specials galore every night.
1	UGH. This is one of the worst places I've been to. Ever. I probably would have liked it when I was underage, but that's about it. Yeah, yeah, I get it, it's like three or four different types of "clubs" under one roof. But you know what? They all SUCK. I came here a few months back for a friend's going-away party. Couldn't wait to get home. Pools of foam, bucking bulls, karoake, a 'hip-hop' floor filled with the crappiest top-40-rap you've ever heard. Wow. I couldn't believe it was possible for a place to suck this bad.And what's with the name, anyway? Who is this Graham?
4	Almost the size of a Wal-Mart supercenter, 5-bars-in-one, 80s, country, rap, rock, karoake themed sections. I saw William Hung there one time a wet t-shirt contest another time. When I was single this place could do nothing but bring a smile and a laugh.
2	Cowboys and gangsters and mechanical bull riding and cheap booze and wet  shirt contests and random concerts and beer tub girls in ass-less chaps. How can you fuck this up? Graham Central Station is so ridiculous that it should be awesome.But it isn't. Somehow. HOW?This place is a huge mess. Every person in here frightens me. I guess  you could get totally hammered and try to ignore the scariness and really party here. But I can't do it.But I dare YOU to do it. If you do go here, please tell us alllllllll about it.
2	Holy smokes. Words hardly exist to describe our experience at this place.This was the third place on the list for our limo to take our bachelorette party, because I'd heard that it was only to be visited while trashed. Also, they had a mechanical bull. Additional bonus: I was told we were likely to be the hottest people in the place. How could this go wrong? Well, being the hottest group in a place is simply not all it's cracked up to be. Other reviewers mention being completely freaked out by everyone around them - this is entirely true, and a diplomatic way of saying that beer goggles cast no positive light on the ugly mugs surrounding you.I'm all about the common person getting their party on. But the common folks as a group usually include some average people, some below-average, and some above-average. The crowd at this place made it seem like there were bouncers at the door who kept out anyone who looked average or better.Our group came in costume - 80's clothes from the Prince era - and when we might've looked like a hot mess at other places, we somehow didn't stick out at all in this joint. Creepy men - ones old enough to be my dad - asked me to dance and actually proposed to me on the dance floor. One guy with such heavy vodka breath practically spit all over me on the dance floor and incorporated a move I've never experienced before - he grabbed my glowstick necklace with his teeth and shook it around like a dog with a bone.The "normal" people were kind of like folks you'd see at a work function or company picnic - in khaki pants with pleats down the front and tucked-in polo shirts and cell phone holsters on their belts.The 80's room dance floor is shaped like a circle and has 2 cages. When they're populated, they're usually up to some silly over-the-top 80's or 70's dance moves. It is really fun when some strange people are totally into it and have the "up with people" vibe with such enthusiasm. Think of a dance floor full of girls like the "Flight of the Conchords" biggest fan.It's about as harmless as a gay bar in there, except that's where I was proposed to, so you do have to have a sense of humor. The wierdest part is the 50 year-olds, with very bad fashion sense, booty-dancing with each other. There was also a man who looked to be about sixty who was spastically running in place in a cowboy hat and tennis shoes while his face went through epileptic siezures. Many folks like this were there - people who decided they would be "hip" by wearing John Lennon sunglasses with reflective lenses or something. If you stand too close, one of them will fixate on you and begin dancing in your direction.The hip-hop room is a rectangular room with four cages on each corner. An orgy was occurring in one of the cages. Three girls who looked like they were from Scottsdale (somewhat thin, in designer jeans and holding Gucci bags) decided to go ASAP - As Slutty As Possible - and grind on each other in the cage. This was going as you'd pretty much expect, until it took a turn for the worse.A tall white-trashy looking girl, who looked like a very cheap stripper, was hanging out below the cage. She had long wavy, frizzy blond hair and glasses, and was wearing an uber-short pleated skirt and black tank that showed her midriff, and a thong. She decided to reach her arm into the cage and started rubbing one of the girls' crotches over her jeans from behind, before she decided to jump into the cage.She jumped in the cage and began VERY aggressively grinding/bucking on the girls - because she was so much taller than them, they were easily pushed around. I watched one of the Scottsdale girls talking to her friend about "How to get out of this" while she was being essentially banged from behind by the stripper chick. They were knocking into each other, stumbling like dominoes in the cage.At some point, the Scottsdale girls reluctantly and slowly caved in until the stripper chick threw one girl's back up against the wall and started jackhammering her like a dog on a leg. By now, the cage was surrounded by guys who could no longer keep it together, and hands started reaching through the cage and grabbing anything they could grab.This scene continued on for about 20 minutes and escalated until a large body builder guy with a shaved head jumped in and took off his shirt and sandwiched himself between them all. He had a large asian-font tattoo across his back that said "JESUS."Security showed up to break it up ... only because the guy had taken off his shirt.My friends were propositioned by dad-aged men, some of whom would invite them home by standing behind them and staring, wordlessly touching their arm repeatedly until the bar closed. Since it seemed so normal, it made me wonder if it's also normal there for a girl to respond by jumping in the stranger's car after the last song.It was more like an anthropological experiment than a normal night out on the town. If you go, expect culture shock.
3	Jenn H. pretty much sums it up. But my twist is that I once wore a light pink, super duper deep v (i'm talking belly button showing) American Apparel tee. The bouncer said, "You can't come in." I said, "Why?" He said, "No plain white shirts." I said "Duder, this is totally pink." He said "Well, if you can admit that." So a couple minutes after I go inside, an even larger gentleman asks me to step outside. "No plain white shirts, hipster-style or not." "Brother from another mother of the same color, I'm not a gansta, nor is this white. It's pink." He said, "Management says you can stay but next time don't wear that." I left. If they're that worried about my safety for wearing the gayest shirt in the western civilization, I figured I should take note. Plus, plain white tees don't kill people, people with mustaches kill people.
3	Ok, so this isn't the greatest club in Phoenix by any means. But hell, it's got a lot of variety and you can go in regular clothes and fit in just fine. They have 3 different dance rooms - country, 80's, and hip hop, so it's nice to be able to change rooms when you get bored.The karaoke room is the best part in my opinion. They have a stage and back up singers and dancers to indulge all your rock star fantasies. The people who have the balls to get up on stage are usually pretty decent, so you probably won't have to sit through the painfully bad singers that you might at another Karaoke bar.The mixed drinks were pretty weak and had too much ice...otherwise the drink prices were reasonable. The 2 for $5 shots weren't half bad. They don't take Discover, so make sure you either have lots of cash or Visa/Mastercard.
2	As soon as we got to the shopping center (as it seems most of the clubs are located in AZ) i felt a sharp pang of hesitation as i observed a mixture of cowboys/gangsters/old people/ & 'bros' in line. Seeing this hesitation my cousin assures me that there are 4 'rooms:' Hip-hop, country, 80's, & karaoke....WTF?!?Inside was the size of an AIRPORT TERMINAL-lots & lots of miles to cover while intoxicated! They even took debit card as cover charge, no dress code, had cocktail waitresses serving all types of shots from the likes of liquid cocaine's to liquid marijuana's & liquid (body parts here), cages, mechanical bulls, karaoke, & CHEAP liquor.So, 'hip-hop' room featured some of the worst top-40 music that played radio as far back as 5 years ago it seems. The patrons of the club made the cages a sight to be seen: BIG chick dancing with an invisible pole, old guy sandwiched with 3 younger girls in another.... The dance floor is filled with older people (men & women alike who's grandchildren would cry upon seeing their dirty dancing,) Phoenix "thugs," & the scattered bro's all around. Naturally, if the music would've been good, it would've been easier to dance so instead we opt for a 'top-off' at the bar first. There was a no-tab policy & therefore had to swipe per-drink instead. Since ALL drinks were less than $4-being from California it was practically an open bar....Was in the 80's room & saw the best moves from the people who were probably teens in the era. How i love seeing people living the olden days..the layout in the room was quite nostalgic like...stopped in this room for a fill-up at the bar while watching my Cousins friend freak dance to an 80's song with a Gothic Lolita chick HAHA....Then passed through the karaoke room-had a tall stage of course featuring the person with the most liquid courage while on the way to the country room...this was the biggest room in this 'airport terminal'- had pool tables on one side, mechanical bull in the center across from the large dosy-doe dance floor. Not much to say...just wanted to ride the bull....Not my kind of vibe-seems like people from Reno would enjoy it here...OUCH ;P..... Lets add the 2 stars for the reasonable prices which makes you think in that little corner of your mind that being a cheap drunk in the midst of this madness isn't bad after all-2 shots for $5? Because the truth is-getting drunk off of less than $25 is truly, truly unbeatable.
3	I've lived in Phoenix for a long, long time.I've gone to soooo many bars, clubs, etcI had never been to this place, ever.So it was my birthday.I decided, wtf?LET'S TRY THE GCS!My friends were all like "omg, Sarah, that place is like... sooo ghetto"But ya know what, I live on the edge.I was feelin' like laughing a lot, and not dealing with my friends paying tons of money at pretentious hipster/snottsdale places.So we went.We went here, and we had fun.I made my friend sing "Black Velvet" karaoke to me.I tried to do some sort of hee-haw danceI saw fat girls grinding on each other in a cageI saw a homeless person doing the moonwalk to discoI had a great time, and laughed and laughed and laughed.So yes, it's kinda a goof.  But you can go here, you can take your mom, you can take your 500lb aunt, whatever.  It's the GCS.  Everyone is accepted.
3	This place sounded like a quite an opportunity - four bars in one: country, karaoke, an 80's club and a current dance music club. What a great concept! Add to that bar maidens in ass-less chaps, Sunday night wet t-shirt contests and a Wednesday night wet-shirt mechanical bull riding promo and it sounds like window shopping for Vanilla Heat...and I might add - cheap drinks! $1.75 for long necks yesterday, but ads on the wall describe 25 cent well drinks on Sunday and 50 cent drinks on Wednesday. The people were the most interesting part. I saw a few "cute" girls, and that was probably being kind..mostly I saw very interesting folks that I wouldn't try to pick up, let alone even approach. It kind of looked like the swap meet hooked up with Wal-Mart to put on a local dance. Girls in taffeta gowns, George Carlin's twin, several old men (like grandpas) trying to dance with young girls (and people talk about issues with me and girls in their early 20's...) and the traditional Western wear look. As a friend of mine emailed me regarding the club, "get ready to get your white trash groove on..." The cool part was when one club started sucking, you could check out another club...I didn't get much feeling from the drinks...but they were cheap. The mixed drinks seemed watered down. I watched them make it - and it included over a shot, but still I didn't feel anything. Maybe the the bottle was watered down? If you get there before 8 you can avoid the $6 cover charge. The music was okay, but I didn't dance. I don't think you will meet the love of your life there and you probably won't meet the love of your night there - but if you want cheap drinks, wet t-shirts and a good place to people watch, this isn't a bad option...
4	I am not a club girl.. I'm down with kicking it dive bar status, just a beer, peeps and darts/pool...However, When you're visiting people of diverse personalities... then you have to rethink your nightlfe activities... well you dont have to but if you don't want to be an a$$ then you should...That being said this place rocked. I thought the large size would bother me but it was perfect. It was like  small for clubs.Inside there was an 80's club, karaoke club, country club, and hip hop club. This was perfect because my sister and I like every girl loves 80's and her hubby is a hard core country guy, and my friend is a huge non-drinker hip hop dancer. We tried every room.. had a blast dancing in each room. Best part was you can go full on cowboy, or uber 80's (there was a hilarious girl ...rather woman who thought she was flashdance incarnate) or just plain ol jeans n a T-Shirt... very versatile. And attempting not to laugh at the scantily clad girls attempting to sell shots.  And then of course there was the fact that .. .let's say you were in the hip hop room getting ur groove on then there walked by a dude full on cowboys status.. strutting by u kinda confusing the whole ambiance. It was quite comical. If you go I advise you visit all rooms.. .diversify yourself. Definitely do a lil line dance.. ps. the drinks are stronger in the hiphop room.... obviously
4	Long over due review.I don't dance I don't care for Country music I don't like hardcore Hip HopI don't like long lines for the bar I don't like small drink cupsI don't like bad karaokeI don't like MILFS dancing to old 80's tunes (actually this can be ok)BUT for some damn reason every time I come here I get drunk, damn drunk, on those cheap ass, small cups of rum and cokes that are gone by the time you get to the font of the line. At least you can sing like the other retards, or dance a 2 step,while you wait. On the other side you can lean like a Chollo, Just watch out for his Ho. They don't like drunk white boys, we belong with the milfs dancing to ABBA in the 80's room. This place is crazy and is is what you make it. If you had a bad time go to another room and try something new.
3	When I first moved here I thought it was odd that there was a club named after a train depot in New York City. Then I learned it was Graham and not Grand and that it's a chain with clubs in other states. I attended this Tempe club often before I decided to go to Scottsdale. I've never consistently went back.It's kind of neat to have 4 clubs in one with such a diverse group of people under one roof. As the night goes on those diverse people begin intermingling when say, the cowboys move to the hip-hop floor at 1 am.The music is pretty poor and the cover is too high for what this place is.The hip-hop side is a grindfest with wholesome females earnestly waiting to be the next one in the cage to strut her stuff. It's also the warmest room in the club. Uncomfortably warm.The cowboy room might be the best in the club. I know nothing about country music or country dancing but there is a large dance floor in there and a mechanical bull and the people who hang out in that room genuinely seem to be enjoying it. The karaoke room is basically a hallway with a bar so a number of passerbys moving from room to room will hear you if you dare to take the stage. The 80's room basically features a plastic round Rubik's Cube with people dancing on it. I don't really consider 'Footloose' to be 80's music even if it did come out in the 80s, but that's the kind of music that's played in there. I've learned that if the parking lot to the right of LA Fitness isn't filled, neither is the club. It's a pretty good gauge.I know this club will be a Tempe legend one day since Bachelor Bob made an appearance here and Girls Gone Wild did a promo here, but I'd rather go elsewhere and I live fairly close by.One thing Graham's does in the day time is it lends its space out (Country room) for parties, sometimes to schools or organizations that focus on the physically and developmentally disabled. I don't know other night clubs that do that and that in itself is worthy of an extra star.
4	Haha. I never go to 'clubs' but I went here once. Fun karaoke, watching some kid try to pretend he's Michael Jackson. Other's making fun of him. I danced like a goofball in a cage with my fiance and our girlfriend. Country danced. It was stupid. And Fun!
3	this place is HILARIOUS and boasts some of the best people-watching in the phoenix metropolitan area. they are trashy & they know it. this place is so far from a snooty pretentious scottsdale club. they just don't give a fuck, and I love it.the space is possibly too big for its own good (seriously, it's gigantic). the rodeo room is largest & was the emptiest when I went, which was a sad sight, but the other rooms were fairly populated. the rodeo room also inexplicably played top 40 hiphop for a while. whatever.if you go to graham's knowing how tacky it is & expecting the crazies, you will have fun. maybe. I did.I would give it more stars if their drinks weren't so expensive. drink prices are the only thing graham's has in common with scottsdale bars.
4	I go there once a month or so with friends.  Yeh, people watching is the best.  I like to dance too, and I don't care if people think I'm horrible.  I'm usually laughing and having fun.  And that's the point, right?  When you get tired of one room, go to the other.  It's fun.
1	apparently they do not allow any hats or head gear unless its a cowboy or a baseball cap. Apparently they reason for not allowing a fedora  or a workers cap is it is representative of  "Gang"  paraphernalia. So I assume people who wear fedoras or worker caps are part of some gang however people who wear cowboy hats never congregate or that any "gang" members ever wear these head garbs.When I asked what is their policy for Sikhs who have to have a turban as required by their religion, they spat saying that there was no such religion and that person would be promptly thrown out for "gang" affiliations.So much for religious tolerance and sense of good fashion. Maybe I should wear a cowboy hat with MS 13 imprinted on it, but then I might be afraid that MS13 members might hunt me down for wearing a cowboys hat with their name on it
4	i came here thur night. This place is huge !!! Country dance floor is the largest. I took the east coast swing dance and people are friendly. i got a chance to dance with some nice people.  It was fun, but its get a little quiet after all the wcs dancers left the floor. i wish to come fri or sat night. i bet it will be a lot more fun.  There are 3 or 4 more dance rooms, like south beach and something. if you are college people, dont come thur night. One disappointment is not too many people doing country western dancing glide through the dance floor. i thought its a country niightclub. There are lot more people dancing west coast swing instead.A few people dance Arionza two steps, which i sadly dont know the rhythm. Its a good place to hang out and have some fun!!
4	I go here all the time! They know me by name from the security to the dj to owners! I love the fact there are 3 dancefloors: Country, Hip-Hop, and Retro. The only reason I gave it 4/5 was because they took karaoke away for lame Coyote Uglyesque girls and they allow ball caps and cowboy hats but not fedoras or newsie caps. But the dancing is great, its not SNOTTSDALE crowd so thats why I like it. DJ ChoiceOne is meant for bigger things with his DJ skills, but he plays what you want and will say your name when your song comes on. Cheap cover charge too. Wed. and Sat nights are the best! I don't drink so I get endless waters
3	I went Thursday evening and really liked it. The free Nightclub dance lesson was not the greatest but for free you can't beat it. We rotated partners (the best part of the lesson) and it's fun to meet so many country gals. Yee Ha! I danced a few after the lesson but the music was all country that I didn't know how to dance to -- and I'm not a country fan. Fortunately I could do the nightclub and did WC Swing once. It's a very good atmosphere and easy to find dance partners. Wonderful dance floor and it's cool the way tables are all around so that people watching is easy. The music started to rock more towards 10 but I had to leave.I really enjoyed that there were plenty of older gals (I'm over 50 too). They were very sweet, eager to dance, dressed cute but not slutty, and were almost always better dancers than I was. I'll definitely be back. There was no cover, free lesson, and beer is $1.50. That's impossible to beat.
1	Man oh man do I wish I could give negative stars. I was visiting Arizona from LA with some friends and we decided to go out. Mind you, I go to country bars out here ALL the time and they're incredibly fun. This place was a DISASTER!!!! I have never been so baffled by a crowd or music. We went into each room hoping for SOME sort of normal music or crowd, but it just did not exist. I was absolutely stunned and almost in a culture shock. I go to hip hop clubs in LA ALL the time and they are never as dirty or as rowdy as the dance floor at Graham's Central Station. My goodness! They even charge an entrance fee. HILARIOUS. The door guy claimed I go there ALL the time, and when I told him it was my first time, he didn't believe me. These people are nutso. A friend of ours was supposed to meet us there, but LUCKY him, I told him to stay far far away. *sigh* It was quite an experience. One I wish and hope that I will never ever have to live through again.
4	Great place to go dancing, lessons and all.
2	Not my type of place i admit. Went here for a coworkers bday party. huge place. There are three different rooms.. hip hop, country(which is the main theme here and the biggest area) and a 80's room. The drink prices are what made the night. We were getting drinks for a buck a piece. Gin and tonics for a buck, yes a buck. Due to these lovely economy friendly prices i got tipsy fast and it made the night and this place a whole lot better than i think it would have been if i was sober.
2	Would you like some sleaze with that vodka tonic?! This place is amazing for cheap drinks, sleazy gyrating dumpster girls, and well, cheap drinks. NOTE: I did not go here for the country music, although that was the largest part of the "station" and I am sure it was a lot more tasteful.
3	My advice? Drink a fair amount as soon as you get there, because it makes this place a lot more entertaining! It's basically a few different bars in one, and although I love country music and hip hop, they shouldn't be in the same bar in my opinion, but whatever. The country part was nice, with it's own bar, a dance floor, some tables, and a few pool tables that were admittedly too close together.I went there on a Saturday and the cover was $6. Fair amount, that's fine. My bar tab after 3 beers, 4 or maybe 5 mixed drinks, and 2 shots of Silver Patron was only $33.50! A steal if you ask me! Thumbs up for reasonably priced drinks!The place is swarming with cops, so definitely have a DD, don't attempt being a badass. Do yourself a favor.All in all, it's a bit of a skeezy place and ladies, go there in a group or with a guy, do NOT go there by yourself in my opinion. The drinks are cheap though, and if you start off with a few good ones you can really have a good time! I might go back, it's a toss up.
4	Love this place! There is something for everyone, and you used to be able to find me in every room - hip hop, country, 80's & even creeping around the karaoke room when they had it. My friend and I would sweat the night away & leave only when they kicked us out at 2am. Just don't show up before 10pm, otherwise you'll be wasting precious time.
3	Went here for St. Patty's day for my friend's birthday. It was my first time here. According to the reviews, this is a great place to people watch and...I must admit, they weren't kidding! The 80s section of the place has the most unique group of people. It was quite entertaining...I couldn't decide whether to hold back and just watch or to let loose and join the rest! But I really did enjoy the atmosphere...no shame in your dance moves here. The country theme section...wasn't necessarily country music...it was a little odd. Then there is the typical room that I'm used to where they play like the current dance club songs. My favorite was definitely the 80s section and I wouldn't mind coming back here again.There is a cover charge like 8 bucks I think...no biggie. I didn't drink so I'm not sure about the prices of the drinks. Oh yeah, there is suppose to be another room...but I don't know what it is...the only other section I saw was like a lounge.
1	Well Im gonna be fair and only share my experiences with the TRUTH!I use to go every wed night after work with co-workers when they had 25 cent watered down cheap drinks.. which was fine, im not much a beer drinker so i suffered a little.  anyways the girls who were at the bars seemed to be acting to busy to attend or got a lil pissy if we only tipped a dollar for a brew. :-/  Also MANY MANY times I had arguements with the front door bounce, who seemed to be a new guy every dam week.  well they would ask me to "Bend" my hat! And of course i gave em a smart remark,  I would reply " Bend it like a taco" !Many times i would just suck it up and bend it a little bit to satisfy Lurch at the front gate, than of course fix it once inside, besides he was never gonna see me again. Than at times they would say that my pants are too baggy!  for one i dont wear jeans EVER and i only wear dress clothes, so I replied saying "Well im fat"  they claimed they were to baggy, so yea a few times i went and just changed my shirt and returned with the same F*in pants and walke right in.  LoLAlso when i would argue about my pants or hat, there would be people and i dont mean to pull the race card but  Anglo's would be there with those ripped up Dback hats you buy that are pre-washed and pre-shitty , tore up and they were Ok with that?!?!?  WTF  or guys would come in with shorts and filp flops and They walked ritght in!!! WTF .   so basically I felt that i was being judged for my looks,  Granted Im mexican, It doesnt mean im in a gang, SERIOUSLY!!!?!?!So after MANY TIMES of argueing over my clothes, hats, and even my kangol hat wasnt allowed in, and my Kangols are classy and pricey,  but NOPE NOT ALLOWED AT THE TIME!!!Well after many times of calling up Corporate office in TX and letting them know how i was being treated, it seemed they loosened up a little I Guess, I did go about 2 months ago , and I went in with my Kangol and to my surprise they let me in, wow!  And a few guys in there had there hats,  so it does pay off to get people attention, it does pay off to stand up for yourself, especially if your gonna spend money week after week , months after months..   I mean a hat/Kangol/Fedora, baggy pants doesnt mean your in a gang. that just F*kin rediculous!!   I only went because a friend invited me and offered to pay for everything, other than that I havent had a reason to go throw away my money there..  after all you want to feel like your welcomed, NOT OUTCASTED.   I NEVER WEAR JEANS, I DONT WEAR GANG CLOTHING, AND I DONT CAUSE TROUBLE,   SO IF YOU GO, I SUGGEST BRING AN EXTRA PAIR OF CLOTHING IN THE CAR WITH YOU, CAUSE WHO KNOWS WHAT KIND OF ATTITUDE AWAITS YOU AT THE DOOR  :-/   "just saying"
3	Not a bad place, but not a great place. I had fun, but I went there to dance and people watch so it met my needs. Definitely an interesting mix of people, while the crowd was 30-50 something for the most part. Don't bother dressing to the nines, or even the 6's. There were a few people dressed nicely, and in the country area you'll see some dressed in typical western wear. For the most part though, any (real) effort will be wasted. Though the people are nice and the crowd was fun, not a place I'd go to try and pick someone up or be picked up on.Some of the highlights are: Definitely fun for people watching, especially in the 80's room. Also, if you're not a great dancer, chances are there will be someone on the floor worse than you. Plenty of people getting up to do the line dances, though it seems to be the same four or five songs over and over and over..... The Bad: For the size (or maybe due to the size) the place felt empty despite it being Saturday. Kept waiting for a crowd to arrive or the place to get busier, but the crowd stayed the same from 9-1. It can work in your favor though, since that meant we could always find a table to sit and rest at when we needed a break. Also, they don't do blended drinks, which surprised me being a club that size.
3	Read about Graham's awhile ago when I was looking for a club with an 80's night. Found this place and have been here a few times since. Three stars for a few reasons. The dress code can be pretty lousy. I understand hats and baggy clothes but sleeveless shirts? Also, the 80's room doesn't play enough actual 80's music, mostly a mix with lots of 90's stuff. Lastly, the bartenders can be hit or miss; don't come here and expect to get a scotch on the rocks or an old fashioned. That being said, this place is still awesome because there are three themed areas, drinks aren't to pricey and the crowd is always fun and unusual. Don't miss out on the shots from the test tubes; they'll do the trick.
4	This place was huge! I think you could get into a lot of trouble here;) my only complaint was that the bartenders made sure the poured exactly the 1oz pour! Great for the owner, bade for the customers!
2	Love the dance floor at Rockin Rodeo.  HATE, HATE, HATE that they turn the music up so LOUD that it makes is sound HORRIBLE (even live bands) and you can't talk to the people you are with at all.  I had to quit going there because I like to socialize when I go out with friends and drink & dance.  It just got to be no fun there, always got a headache from screaming.  Too bad too, and management doesn't care.
4	great place dj nforce is awsome !!!!
4	I have been going to GCS on Thursday on a regular basis. It definitely has grown on me because the dancing is so dang much fun. I stick to the big floor because that's where people that know how to dance are. There are two smaller floors for the kiddies who just want to wiggle their booties. The cheap drinks make everything even more fun as the dancing gets more intense.I have been to several country venues to dance. So far GCS is by far the best. Part of the reason for that is it attracts a crowd of men and women that know how to do the different country dances such as two-step, cha cha, nightclub, waltz, and east and west coast swing. Lots of other country places have a floor but the people that frequent these places don't know how to dance.If I have one complaint it is that on Thursday most of the dancers leave by 9:30 pm. So, get there early!
5	May Graham Central Station RIP! Saturday 18th was their last day of operation. They closed their doors for good. The club shut down without notice.
