1	On 5/24/2013 I purchased a vehicle at Wilde East Towne Honda in Madison. My sales professional Jose Diaz-Caballero did an awesome job selling me the car, but once the deal was out if his hands that's where my entire experience went south. I came in at noon to test drive a vehicle. I really enjoyed the car, and it was exactly what I was looking for. Jose sold me on and the price was right. I said I would take it depending in what they would offer me for my trade. They took my car keys and sat me at Jose's desk for 45 minutes. I was on my lunch break and needed to get back to work, but alas I couldn't leave as they had my keys. I finally found my car and keys and went back to work. I had explained to Jose that I would be financing thru my own credit union and already had that arranged. I asked him to get the paperwork ready, I would come by and sign it then go to my CU and pick up the check and come back with it. I also explained that I had stuff to do after work and didn't have time to be waiting around for delivery. Jose understood. He finally gets back to me at close to 4pm and tells me that his manager said the deal is contingent on me financing thru the dealership (one of the banks they deal with), and that I have to finance thru them on order to buy a car! I said what if I pay cash and they say No, I have to finance thru them, that's it. I reluctantly agree as it is Friday getting close to 5pm and my CU will be closing. I head back to work and close up and come back to the dealership expecting this to wrap up quickly. Instead I sit and wait till 530pm when Peter Bothe from the Finance Department finally comes and goes over the deal with me. He explains they've found me financing (I already had my own, thank you) and their rate is 6% higher than the rate from my credit union. I tell them this is ridiculous to sell the car to someone else. I go outside, and realize that Jose, my salesman, shouldn't have to lose a sale just because of the attitude of management. I used to sell cars so I understand how that goes. I went back in and Peter Wisnewski (sales manager) came and talked to me explained that "this is how they do things" and that "the deal is contingent upon me taking their financing." He then tells me that they are giving me the "opportunity" to buy a car from them. Oh what an honor!! Peter Wisnewski next told me that I won't get a better value anywhere else or as much for my trade-in, however they were matching what another dealership (Zimbrick BMW) had previously offered me. I decided to go ahead with their financing and set up a refinance the next business day with my Credit Union. My sales person Jose did offer me free car washes to try to redeem the dealership, which is appreciated. While I was waiting at Jose's desk, Emily, another sales person, came up to me an appologized for the games the management was playing with me, and she even helped me gather my belongings from my trade. She was very helpful and sweet, and really helped to diffuse my anger.  I have previously used the Service Department at Wilde East Towne Honda and dealt with Cheryl Batease who was simply wonderful. If you have to have service done at Wilde I would recommend working with Cheryl. I also recommend Jose and Emily as sales professionals, but I wouldn't recommend buying a vehicle from this dealership based on my experience with the Finance Department and the Sales Manager's attitudes towards customers and that they would not allow me to use my own financing.
1	We thought we would try Wilde to buy a new car since they are new in town. Right away they started the games. I told the sales guy what my budget was and he started showing me cars that were thousands over my budget but they don't list the price of the cars in the windows so you really don't know what to look for. (First red flag). Then after test driving a few and finding one I like they start doing the numbers. I use to work at a dealership and I know about how to figure the numbers out. They were WAY off. They are super pushy and will have at least 3 people come have a turn with you. After a few hours I found out why the payment was so high. They were adding THOUSANDS of dollars into the "fees". I'm not talking about tax and title fee's, I'm talking after that stuff is figured there was 1500 dollars left that they could not tell me other than "that's the dealer fees" what it was. THAT IS BS! After taxes and DMV fees, you should only pay another few hundred. The financing had a SUPER high interest rate and they would not try to use my credit union for financing like I asked them to. I have a good history with my bank and I know they can get me a better rate. They were very rude toward the end when I said I don't want the car or to do business with them. The manager who was about as competent as a rock came out, sat down, leaned down in his chair and started talking to me like, "hey bro I know you really want this car". Very unprofessional and then when we tried to leave he stopped us and said, "are you going to put some money down on that car or what? I got it all cleaned up for you. You are just going to leave?" I said not my problem and then tried to leave again and the finance guy stopped me and tried to get me back in, I walked right past him and the sales guy tried to stop me!!!!! Terrible place. Their policy is to be pushy and have at least 3 people harass you if you are not interested. The next few days I got about 3 emails and 3 phone calls asking when I'm going to come pick up my car. They do not let up unless you tell them you will file a complaint, which I'm doing with the BBB after this! Terrible.
3	I was contacted by Jorge Hidalgo, the owner, after I posted my review. He was committed to making this right with me and assuring me this would not happen to other customers. Chad, the internet sales manager, and Jorge continued to stay in contact with me, and after a managment meeting they offered to pay any fees and additional finance charges I would incur between the time of the original loan and when I received all of the paperwork to be able to refinance. I didn't think all of that was necessary, and suggested that if they wanted to keep me as a customer and make things right they could offer me a few full service oil changes for my Acura along with the carwashes when ever I wanted that I was previously offered. They agreed, and I was happy that they made the effort to make this right with me and followed thru. They told me that they would update my account with the Service Dept to not the complimentary full service oil changes (I'm hoping this includes a tire rotation), so we will see when I go in for this service in a few months. I'll be sure to update then. I also have not taken advantage of the carwash yet, but plan to soon.So, in the end... while I was completely dissatisfied as a customer with the Sales and F&I management, I am satisfied that the owner was committed to making this right with me. I also want to reiterate that Jose and Emily are excellent sales people and I would highly recommend them. Additionally, if you need to see the service department, work with Cheryl, she's amazing.
3	Although I didn't end up buying a car from Wilde, I really appreciated the time and effort that Jerry O. put into making his sale. He definitely took the effort to understand my needs and answer all of my questions. For a first time buyer, I was very, very fortunate to have been approached first by Jerry. Because of him, I didn't have the same negative experience that other yelpers reported below, which was a relief. I would not have reacted well to a pushy or unprofessional sales representative.Jorge, if you are reading this, Jerry deserves a huge pat on the back!
5	Every time I walk by our window out to the front of the house with my beautiful Honda Pilot parked there I'm reminded of the terrific experience I had at Wilde East Towne Honda one week ago.  I had my initial meeting with the Wilde family 10 years ago when I bought my first car - they made the overwhelming experience of my first big "adult" purchase a smooth and fun time.  So when we were in the market to start looking for another vehicle, going to Wilde East Towne Honda was a decision made effortlessly.To start, the hubby has just returned to school after an outsourcing , so the need to purchase a car right now just wasn't in the plans and yet our car just wasn't making the cut anymore.  We began by hitting up the comprehensive and clear website East Towne Honda has - I couldn't believe all the photos and information available on each vehicle.  While we were researching online what vehicles were available and manageable for us, all the while my thoughts kept drifting to the unreachable Pilot.  We picked a few vehicles and headed to Wilde for some test drives.  We were lucky to be connected with Sean Bindley as our salesperson.  He set up the vehicles we found online and listened to my thoughts and picked up on my comment that in a few years we'll be back for my dream vehicle.  While we were out test driving the first vehicle he was doing some research on his end to see if my dreams could come true.  When we pulled up there was this beautiful black Honda Pilot sitting there.  Awwww, lovely.  Sean said just take it for a drive we're working on some things on our end.  So I, the hubby, and the girls hopped in the Pilot.  Perfection.  One main feature we needed was leg space in the back seat for my long legged daughter - check.  Everything else was just as I imagined it would be.  But still, I knew this reality was a few years off.  Dave and I were close to being there, but apprehensive with him being in school and some of our future unknown yet.  So we got back to the dealership on cloud 9, but knew we still needed to take the next vehicle for a drive.  In the meantime, the Used Car Manager, Peter, took the Toyota for a drive to look at what they could do in trade in value for us.  Upon our return, Sean asked what our monthly payment needed to be and I felt comfortable enough to give him a hard time about the stereotypical question, but he had a point.  Our choices were between a car with twice the miles and no warranty or the Honda Certified Pre-Owned that still carried two years of the warranty under it and using my own words, this would just be a car to get us through a couple of years and we'd be back.  If he and his credit team as well as his trade in team could do some work, maybe, just maybe, I'd be able to drive off that lot with my dream vehicle.  And so they did the work.  Even while signing papers with Karen in credit to being given the blue Wilde East Towne Honda recyclable bag to clean out the Toyota to watching the crew do the final wipe down of the Honda to Sean handing me my keys - it just didn't seem real.  I don't believe I'd be looking out the window and seeing my little slice of heaven without the care of the folks there. If you are looking for a knowledgeable dealership from the top down concerned with the wellbeing of their customer base then look no further.Wilde East Towne Honda is in the business of making dreams happen.
5	As a current Honda owner I knew that when my wife and I were going to buy another new car to replace the Saturn Ion that had come to the end of its useful life, we would search for a Honda. Having moved to a new state we needed to find a Honda dealer that would help us as we bought a new Honda. We knew right away that we wanted a Civic. A good friend of ours suggested we try out the new Honda Dealership in Madison, Wilde East Towne Honda. So, we loaded up our two young kids and took off for the dealership.From the get go the experience was the best we have ever had. We met with the sales person and told them we wanted a civic with a sunroof and in the color red. They brought the car around so that my wife could test drive it (it was going to be her work car) and I stayed back with the kids to watch them. The dealership went out of their way to make sure the kids were being entertained. They put on a movie, had iPads and computers that my kids could play on, as well as had some toys in an area that they could play with.After my wife returned, we received the price on our trade-in, talked through the price of the car and started the process of getting financed. During many times my wife and I both had to go do paperwork and one of the staff at the dealership kept an eye on our kids and made sure they were doing well. I have never seen a place so invested in making sure that the buying experience went smoothly, especially with having small children along.From start to finish everything was explained to us in language we could understand, they made sure the car was set up exactly how we wanted it and even sent us to dinner while our car was finished being made ready for us so that our kids could eat dinner.I would definitely recommend Wilde East Towne Honda and I know that we will go back there when our first Honda is needing to be replaced. You can't go wrong by buying from this dealership.
5	I am so glad Wilde is now here in Madison so I do not have to drive to Milwaukee.  I picked up my new 2014 Honda Accord on Monday.  This is the 4 vehicle I have purchased from Wilde and the 2nd car that Don has sold me.  The customer service is great and the staff is super nice.  The manager and assistant manager Eric and Phil are polite, funny, and friendly.  Wilde has always been willing to work with me to get me what I want.  I have gone to other dealerships in Madison and they have not been willing or able to work with what I was looking for.  I recommend Wilde East Towne Honda to everyone I know.  About a month ago I told Phil that my sister in law was looking for a new car and I took her in and she too had a great experience and left that same night with the car she wanted.  I will for sure continue to work with Wilde.
5	This place rocks! We were on a family road trip through Wisconsin when our van broke down not far from Madison. I called over a dozen auto repair shops, none of whom would take us in on such short notice with possible transmission issues. Then I called Wilde East Towne Honda and spoke with Nick Moderson-Kox in the service department. He found time to inspect our van that same morning and soon discovered the issue wasn't very serious and they could fix it while we waited. They made the necessary repairs, checking in with us often, as we hung out in the waiting area with our three children and our dog. We had been toying with the idea of purchasing a different vehicle so we ended up taking a test drive and looking at some options with Chris Alexander in the sales department as well. Although we didn't purchase a new vehicle that day (we needed to get back on the road), we hope to in the near future. Wilde Honda is located five hours from our house, but we are still talking about going back there when we decide to buy our next vehicle because of the great staff there. I would highly recommend this place.
5	This was my first Honda purchase, but after a significant amount of research I was fairly certain I was going to go this route.Leticia had a solid knowledge of the features and benefits of both vehicles that I test drove.  In some instances, I asked questions that I knew the answer to and her responses there gave me confidence in those where I truly needed her advice.Shawn provided a very candid assessment of my trade-in vehicle.  I appreciated his matter-of-fact itemization of how he arrived at their offer.  It helped me to frame my expectations and led to a reasonably quick agreement.Pete was a personable guy that drew up the final documents and was able to immediately squash any feelings of buyer's remorse by declaring that he drives the same vehicle.In short, buying a car can be stressful.  I acknowledge that the negotiation process is not something most people, myself included, look forward to.  It was nice to feel that the listed price of the pre-owned Pilot I was interested in was reasonable.  Keep in mind, however, that there is always room to make a good deal for both sides.  As far as car purchases go, I feel good about providing a 5-star review on this one.
