4	This Korean BBQ buffet is super yummy. There is a huge selection of marinated meats. Also, there are tons of sides. If you have room at the end of your meal, you could have all you can eat ice cream, too.One thing that is unique about this place is they have Spicy Korean Tofu Soup. I love that stuff!I recommend Woo Che to anyone. It is decently priced and drinks are included. Also, the staff is friendly and nice.Side note: Your clothes are going to stink because you cook your food at your table.
4	Wow..!I mean wow! How can you get so much food for only $15.95?Take the gluttony of a buffet and its various entrees, ranging from fried rice and quasi-sushi rolls and smash it together with a Korean BBQ-grill-at-your-table and you get something that's purely American with an Asian twist. Not so great for vegetarians or those trying to reduce their meat intake but I digress. They have an entire row of raw meat; marinated beef and pork, unmarinated beef and pork, chicken, shrimp, squid, etc. So choose what your heart desires because it will stop functioning after one session here.. a last meal, if you will.Enough snark...For the uninitiated:The marinated beef and ribs are slightly sweet yet yield slightly different tastes.The marinated pork and squid are slightly spicy.The unmarinated slices of beef and pork are meant to be eaten with the lettuce.. like a lettuce wrap; you can season accordingly with the various sauces available at the counter. My personal favorite is to mix the salt and pepper with sesame oil as a dipping sauce.If you feel so inclined you can try the tripe.. I didn't.
5	I am a huge fan of Korean BBQ.  Now to be honest, there are only a handful of Korean BBQ restaurants here in Las Vegas that are actually good.. good enough to leave you wanting more.  But that would then just mean you have to spend more to eat more!  I'm a frequent California visitor and that was the best part of my trip.. Korean BBQ Buffets.  There were none here in Las Vegas (until now).  I was extremely excited when I first saw the "Coming Soon" when I saw woo che being built. There are many different kinds of meat to choose from and a very nice selection of veggies and soups.  This place gets 2 thumbs up from me, I actually might just head there tonight lolAll I can say is, Korean BBQ + Buffet = Heaven
4	Woo Che is awesome!  I just held my birthday there as a nice group outing.  Unfortunately, they don't have any tables thatfit more than 6 at a time, so we werer split up, but the experience was good.COnsidering that an order of kalbi or bulgolgi will set you back $15 easily at a typical Korean BBQ, paying %12.99 for lunch or $15.99 for dinner for all  you can eat is a steal.  They have a cooked food section and a raw section that you cook yourself.  As with most buffets, the hot food is only good when it's fresh.  The really star of the show is all of the marinated meat that you grill at your table.  It's really tasty and a lot of fun so Woo Che deserves a full 4 stars!TIPS: They offer a come back next time free if you go on your birthday.  Drinks are included in your buffet price and there is ice cream included for dessert too.  These 3 facts weren't really publicized anywhere.
4	Thanks to Naurry K.'s ROTD and other yelpers that I got to witness the madness of woo-che asian grill buffet.This place is packed, and I do mean a steady stream of customers on a Wednesday night.  Make reservations, especially if your party is more than four!  (And like others have said, their largest table does only accommodate 6 people, so your group will have to be split up if it's bigger!)They have a decent amount of food to choose from with the main focus of the food being Korean.  Soups:Miso soup, Seaweed soup, Korean Tofu soup (which was pretty good, like Eve Michelle C. also mentioned)Tons of marinated meats - beef, pork, chickenMarinated seafood - squid, shrimpOther Korean goodies you usually get as banchan: potato salad-like thing, vinegary clear weird texture noodle thing, creamy version with the weird texture noodle thing (but pretty good!), bean sprouts, kim chee, etc.Cooked foods like baked mussels (with mayo topping), pike(?) fish (that had a salty outside but really good), crab, shrimp, gyozas, veggies, etc.They also have soba noodles, chop chae, purple rice, raw crab (Korean style), lettuce for wrapping your meats, dipping sauces including the sesame oil and salt concoction, etc.And if you must, they have sushi too!  Desserts include fresh fruit (cantaloupe), jello, and shikhye (which I was pretty excited about since I rarely get it anymore at other Korean restaurants).  And plus, vanilla and chocolate ice cream too!Service was good, depending on who you got.   Our waitress was great about refilling our soda and tea (which is included), clearing plates, and they also changed out our grill mid-way 'cuz it was getting so grubby! Overall, you really can't beat the price for the amount of food and selection available.  And yes, keep in mind your clothes, jackets, and purse will stink really bad afterward.  And like Jason L. said, it gets cold in there, especially if you're sitting in the back.  So bring a jacket you don't mind stinking up in there with you!Lunch (M-F 11 am to 3 pm) $12.99/ppDinner (M-Sun 3 pm to 10 pm) $15.99/ppSat/Sun/Holidays (All Day) $15.99/ppThey also have a discounted child price too.
3	Imagine scuba diving in warm, clear, tropical waters with multicolored fish.  You see the cutest little baby octopus no bigger than a gumball.  He swims around in front of you for a little while, and you put your hand out and he lands gently on your hand.  He seems to look up at you for a second before darting back behind the coral.Now take that feeling and multiply it by TEN and that's what it feels like to eat one of these delicious little baby octopusses hot off the grill.  I have had a lot of Korean BBQ but never had baby octopus marinated in spicy bean paste.  Those little guys alone made this dining experience worth it.Went for dinner and I've definitely had better meat, but eating anything hot off the grill while it's still sizzling is always a bit forgiving.  Bulgogi is ok, marinade a little mild.  Kalbi marinade even milder.  The porkbelly was solid.  Some other yelpers question the freshness but when we went it was so crowded that they were constantly bringing out new meat.  Banchan selection is limited as others pointed out, but one nice thing is you serve yourself.  So everytime you want more doenjang, garlic, or jalapenos, you can help yourself instead of waiting around for the server like at other Korean BBQ joints.  I also like to mix salt/pepper, garlic, jalapenos, with sesame oil for dipping - especially for the non-marinated meats.Be forewarned that you have to cook everything yourself and also that you're gonna stink like Korean BBQ all night - I was asked 4 times, "Did you eat Chinese food or something?"For the most part this place is 2 stars, but the baby octopusses and the $16 price made it 3 stars for me.
5	Woo che.  What can I say.  It's the best Korean BBQ I've ever had.  They have a huge selection of premium meets.  And the price!  Only 15.99 for an all you can eat dinner.  I've been several times at all hours of the day (they're open from 11 am to midnight) and the food quality is the same every hour.Besides having the experience of grilling your own food, the actual food is delicious.  There is a great variety of other non grilled foods such as chicken chow mein, shrimp tempura, dumplings, several soups (the pumpkin pourridge is the bomb), sushi, and several delish desserts.  Oh and besides the traditional meats, they have tripe, baby octupus, and spicy pork.  Make sure you check this place out and try the pumpkin soup!Seriously, check it out!
3	affordable and what you would expect for $15.99. This place is really good for a small group of people, and really cozy.  The meat at times can look not-so-fresh, but at other times it looks perfect. the l.a. kalbi is pretty decent, and the marinate for kalbi is pretty good. The pork belly use to be REALLY good, but not so much anymore... i think they got the lower quality thicker cuts so it doesn't get that crunch that the thin ones they use to have had. they also have pork, and octopus there. they have all the side dishes you'd get at a korean restaurant, and they have a VERY limited desert area. OVERALL pretty decent and i go there once in awhile.
2	All we ate here was the korean ribs, and the food does not look very fresh but good price for a buffet. I think about $15 per person. Also, there was no dessert.
2	This place is pretty meh all in all.  The hot dishes at Buffet Asia are pretty comparable to the stuff here.  The Korean grill is the only way you're going to get your money's worth.  The quality of meat was just ok and the atmosphere is pretty blah.  One and done for me.
4	To be honest, I wasn't that impressed with Woo Che when I ate there four months ago and when they first opened their restaurant. The meat wasn't that great and the service was okay.THEN COME: COMPETITION WILL IMPROVE THE PLACE!!!! Once Sula opened a few blocks down and started grabbing Woo Che's customers, I guess Woo Che did what they needed to do to complete or survive. My family and I went there last night and you can tell right away the place was different than what I experienced before. The Thai gal greeted us with big smile when we walked in and were very attentive the whole time we were there; we didn't have to pay first; and the place looked cleaner and more meat items available. The cooked selections were not bad and looked fresh, not like old stale stuff I saw in the past. For now, I would recommend Woo Che over Sula for many reasons, which are price, quality, and services. A word of warning for those who are not familiar with Korean BBQ buffets, plan to go home and shower afterward because your clothes and body will literally  smell like grill meats.
4	My wife was itching for Korean BBQ and you'll certainly not get that on the Strip.  We debated between Sula and Wooche and opted for the latter.  We're very glad with our choice!We thought the variety of meats to select from was very good (plenty of ribs, octopus, chicken).  Yes, you do grill your own meat but that's fine with us.  Good service of changing the grill after it got grimy and cleared finished plates.  Didn't care much for the "cooked food" section.For about $15, it was a great deal.  When we ate there, there was some "dessert" with some fruit and the cold, sweet rice drink.Tough reviewers here.  But I guess you have a lot of visitors from Los Angeles here.  Yes, this does not compare what you can get there but for Las Vegas, it appears to be among the best Vegas has to offer.  For that, I give it 4 stars.
3	All you can eat Korean food. Hmmmm... sounds good to me. The bulgogi is pretty good, well marinated. They have dozens of types of meat that you can choose from. For the price it is a pretty good deal. I agree with the yelpers that the cooked food selections is not that great and the barbecue grill is where you get the good value. The ambiance was alright and service was more than decent. All you can eat, you can only expect so much quality. Just a warning: this is not the Bellagio buffet.
5	Although it may not be the fanciest place around, it is a great place to eat!   It is clean, the service is fantastic and there is a great selection of items.  At $15.99 (dinner and weekends, $12.99 otherwise), it is a great value for Korean BBQ.  I have had the pot stickers off the cooked food section, and they were good, but the real delight is in the BBQ.  I guess I need to try some of the great places in LA, but for a local place in Las Vegas, it gets an A+ from me.
3	Wooche is an AYCE Korean BBQ, which offers up a variety of Korean / Chinese fair in addition to your BBQ meats.Chapchae is a nice touch and adds a bonus point to the selection.Most of the meats are marinaded and are of fairly average grade.  You can get your squid, pork, chicken, beef and intestine on as you please.  If you are orthodox KBBQ, then you can get the unmarinaded meats in the freezer by the rice.  You can also mix up your chili, sesame oil, salt and bean paste up as you please.If you are sensitive to perceived cleanliness, you may want to pass.  The floor is greasy and they can't quite get the place 100% presentable.  Such is the pitfall for AYCE places.  If you need a clean place, head on over to Kimchee on the strip on the north side (across from where the Stardust used to be).If you need a grill change ask, otherwise they do not seem to do it regularly.  Don't stew about it and passive-aggressively sit there and wait.  It's not that kind of joint.Pricing13.99 Weekday Lunches 12-3pm16.99 Dinner  and weekends
5	My friend and I went out for lunch again today. I swear, the whole diet idea is out the freakin door because once again,  We ate a whole lot again. It is two hours lata from our outing and I am still hella full. I was soooooo excited because they had one of my favorites... BULGOGI.... bulgogi and steamed rice... YUP YUP YUP. We also had shrimp, sushi, and lots more. As I was eating, I was looking around and noticed the sign (but forgot to take the pic of it) ----- ALCOHOL and MEAT (A GOOD COMBINATION)....The best part was that we picked what we wanted and got to cook it ourselves... DEFINITELY A YES... we plan on going back again. We went during lunch time...$12.99. Not bad, not bad!!! This was my first time there!!
5	Woochee has great price for all you can eat, $12.99 for lunch.  I love their meat, seafood and side dishes selection! I also appreciate that the servers come around to change the grill when it gets filthy. The only downfall that I have is that Woochee is very small with low ceilings that as soon as you get out of the restaurant, you smell like Korean BBQ....but worth the price and quality!
5	I made an attempt to try Honey Pig because I wanted something different and it was too $12.99.  I was surprised by a friend that wanted to join me minutes before heading out to Honey Pig, but they don't have seafood and she only eats seafood or chicken. So, checked in at Wooche and I have no regrets! I love the size of their shrimp, it's not small or dainty. The squid and Octopus is marinated just right and so good. The chicken was delicious, which I haven't tried before. And I couldn't help but to barbecue my favorite pork belly! As mentioned from my previous review, Wooche has the sea salt and I love dipping my crispy grilled pork belly with sea salt!  It is also very nice that they switch out your dirty grills to a new clean grill instead of cleaning with a napkin! Wooche never fails my hungry tummy!
4	I've been a few times but apparently I haven't written a review. Came for the BBQ UYE. Kudos to the staff for being accommodating. I am presuming the guy helping us was the owner and he was very nice. He apologized about the service because they were having a wedding reception, but I thought the service was good. He said next time to let them know to bring out a special noodle dish and other kind of chikke that are made to order. Hrmm, good to know. We had our drinks filled and our grill changed a few times so I was happy since that was all we really needed to have a good meal. Food has been pretty decent here...for the price not bad at all. My favorite is the thin tongue slices, thin beef slices, pork belly, and spicy pork .When we went the meats looked good and tasted just fine.  Banchan- there's a weird texture  crunchy noodle in a mayo sauce that I love getting, they had my favorite fish cakes in sauce, radish slices (theyre big thin slices so wrap meat in it!) and this time they had fresh made seafood "pancakes".  I skip the prepared Chinese food and just went for meat, banchan, rice and some of the chikke (cold rice drink with a cinammon/gingery flavor). Only prepared food I get is the pancakes and the grilled mackerel (great with the jalapeno soy sauce).I think I ate more than $16 worth of meats and banchan so I think I got my money's worth and had fun with my Yelpies. I think this place is good for Vegas as this city lacks in Korean establishments. I've had way better Korean in Los Angeles, but that is sitdown style and very different (and much more pricey). I haven't found a sitdown here that I feel was proportionate in food flavor/quality with their high pricing. So for now, this and Greenland Market is where I'm going for some Korean eats.
5	every year, my whole entire family heads to vegas for about a week. this time before we left, my cousin and I looked for some good AYCE kbbq places. we found five that looked great, and man oh man! wooche was awesome! good eats for sure! why you ask? well, let us look at the following factors:-excellent variety: from pork, beef, chicken, seafood to cooked items-excellent service: staff is attentive and always looking out for the burned up grill to change-excellent price: $13.99 for lunch, and $16.99 for dinner and weekends-excellent everything! haha.my favorite would have to be the marinated kalbi! oh my goodness! my mouth is watering just thinking of grilling up some of their perfectly marinated kalbi xD
5	Ok. so I have tried many AYCE Korean bbq joints out here, and this place has a place right at the top of my HELL-TO-THE-YES list. Great for big hungry group of friends and family to sit and grill up some yummy food and enjoying their company. My first time here...that was memorable. haha. My mom, brother, dad and I walked into this place and very quickly the rush of Kalbi, Garlic and Kimchi swished through the nostrils and it was over with. All while the rest of us were getting our rice and side dishes, you hear my dad muttering to himself (outloud) "We da hawaiians and we HUNGRY!" -ya a bit restructured from The Klumps, however our family is pretty big...so you get the picture? lol. That grill was going with kalbi, pork belly, beef tongue, gochujang chicken, bulgogi...oh the list goes on. Now my personal faves here in the beef tongue, pork belly, kimchi, the fruits and the japchae(stir fry glass noodles). If you are in the mood for a drink, pair up your BBQ with some Soju. The staff is attentive most of the time but sometimes you have to get their attention for some drink re-fills. However they were on their game when it came time to switch out the grill. Overall it was a great first time experience and frequent here with family and friends when i get the chance.
4	For the price, you can't beat this Korean buffet place.  it is like $13 for lunch and $17 for dinner.  Most of the other Korean places are a bit too expensive ~ Suri is $27 (more variety) and the Mother Korean is $25.  My wife loves Korean so we try to do it once a month.  If we went more often (esp to a buffet), I probably ballon into the Michelin man.As for the restaurant, outside, it doesn't look too appealing.  In fact, it looks like a run down shack.  The inside is like a diner setup.  Kinda long and curves around the end.  However, it was kinda cozy.As for the service, the 4x's that we have been there, we thought the service was pretty good (granted, all 4x's, we were with a large party).  They filled your drinks and got you a scissor, forks, and napkins pretty often.  Only issue that I had was that they only allow you one scissor per table.  Kinda sucks when you have to cut alot of Gabbi and Korean Ribs.  Otherwise, service was good.  By the way, one of the things that I do like is that they regularly change your grille when it needs changing.  As for the food, dessert looks awful.  Don't go there.  There non-meat dishes are nothing to talk about.  However, you are at a Korean buffet; so, eating meat and seafood is the key.  Their meat selection and seafood are pretty good.  Actually, I think it is comparable to other Korean restaurants in town.  Each time, I usually focus on eating the shrimp and Korean BBQ ribs.  Oooh la la.  Granted, you don't get the selection of the other restaurants, but you do get your money's worth.  Also, by the time that you are done eating, you do feel like a stuff pig.  Oink!  I guess this is one of the reasons why we come here often.Cheers,
5	I highly recommend this place!  This place beats any of the korean yakiniku places in Hawaii!! They even had samgyupsal..... ALL YOU CAN EAT!  Meat was fresh, good side dishes (banchan)!
4	I decided to give an update to Woo Che. Still lovin their BBQ selections, but I came to give an update since my last visit last week!So I decided to bring a friend there to eat for dinner. The dinner was still 16.99 per person, but one thing I did notice is that they added a new DYI Bi Bim Bap Station! Clever.
3	I was recntly staying in Vegas and wanted to NOT pay a huge food bill at a casino for something decent, and I didn't want to wait a long time so I checked out a bit of the out lying area.I love ayce Korean bbq, I did a quick search and found that Spring Mountain road had a number of places to choose so I took a drive to see what caught my eye.  Woo-Che wasn't overly flashy, I was looking for something kinda quiet for my Thursday evening and upon entering, it seem to fit the bill.The meat selection was abundant yet there weren't that many sides that I'm used to that I've experienced in LA, so I just picked a couple items to go along with some stramed rice.The cute girl who seated me came by after I had started my first turn of meat and nicely took over the cooking, since I was by myself her friendly conversation was welcomed.  She even teased me a little when I didn't make a second visit to the buffet, "That's all?" lol  On top of that the oter server kept my soda filled.All in all, I enjoyed my visit.  I'll use this place as my fall back and next time I'm in Vegas I'll give another place a try.  For now, this place is fine for the price!
4	At first glance, this place seemed like a dinky small place that I have never even thought about eating.  However, after walking in, I discovered that it is a place with decent quality food.  The side dishes are ok, at best, a 3 while the meat dishes are around a 3.5;  but for the price we paid for dinner, it makes it all worth it compared to other local joints.
4	I kinda dig this place. Tasty $17 all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ... sign me up! The price is right and the meats are better than you'd expect.  Pretty good, actually!  They have galbi (ribs), and bulgogi (thinly  sliced beef) and oh jing oh (squid), and shrimp and and and... a selection of prepared foods and some sushi.  I've been here a few times now and am always glad I came to eat.  Last time, I was with a big group of friends (about 10) and everyone liked it.  Just know that you'll smell like Korean bbq for the rest of the day, unless you head home to take a shower afterwards.  :)See ya there!
4	One of my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ places in town. They have a large selection of proteins to cook at your table and their marinades are delicious. My favorites, as always, are the kalbi, bulgogi and spicy chicken. I usually stick with the kalbi and bulgogi because they're absolutely delicious and cook quickly! It's all about strategy. Cooking chicken just eats up my valuably gluttonous time.It's one of the less expensive Korean BBQ places in town, so that's win win for me since it's pretty tasty too. The only downside to this place are the sides. They aren't the best, so I usually just stick with the grilled items primarily.Another plus is that sodas, teas and lemonade are only $1 for AYCD. Value upon value at this place.
3	Came here with a friend while in a state of 'lets eat as much as we can'. Sadly disappointed because it didnt really meet my expectations.We primarily go to Sura for meat binges but decided to try this place based on...hunger mainly. The selection didnt impress me very much, two things that i missed from Sura was the kimchi stew and the beef tongue. The beef tips werent very impressive and were sliced a bit too thin so when we cooked them to the point we liked the inside was too dry.I do believe the grills at Sura are better as well. At Wooche you get a rectangular grill where the hottest part is the center and the coolest are to the sides. This makes it difficult to cook large amounts of food at one time because the hot spots are too small and the cool parts arent hot enough. Good bang to buck ratio but with a little more i believe we can eat better elsewhere.
4	Korean BBQ AYCE So I tried this a couple of times now and I can write an good review. this place was initially 3 stars but after comparing to other Korean BBQ in vegas it went up to 4. It's get your own stuff style K-BBQ which the more I have it the better I think it is. Highlights: Dont need to finish junk you dont want to get more of the stuff you do wantWill try different things because its not a whole plate . As much sauce as you want As much or as little banchans as you want. the flank steak is the best item there imo, most palce dont have it cause its a more expensive meat, its what real carne asada is made with. cons: limited on type of meatssometimes the meat looks not so fresh, but you can jsut avoid that stuff since it's pick you own. Overall this is the one I would recommend for a while, this and Jin Mee.
4	Cheap and the selection is not too bad! This plac always gets me full! Service has improved!
4	The best Korean BBQ buffet I have been to. You choose your uncooked meat like a buffet then go back to your table to cook it yourself. They also have buffet sides like kimchi, sea weed noodles & fried rice. The service is good and they offered to change our grill pretty frequently. Come hungry! Lunch is only 12.99!
4	I have no idea what half of the stuff is, but I love eating it.  I like mixing and trying the different things.  I came here with a friend who knows what she was doing, and have returned twice since with the husband and we both love it, even though we have no idea what any of it is.
3	A friend came in for a visit and we greeted her Vegas style by going to an AYCE place. Woo Che is great for people who like Korean food, but do not have the budget to be adventurous and order it a la carte. Aziz B. can put down bulgogi like no other and we realized that coming here was cheaper than us going to Greenland and buying it by the pound. The meat is a little too fatty for my taste, but if I have learned anything from my years in Korea, Koreans love their fatty meats. Samgyupsal, also known as Korean bacon or three layer fat, is the protein of choice over there. I, on the other hand, was known to cut it off, and pissed off quite a few friends. I had eaten at DJK and Mother's on numerous occasions. Back then, I accepted that you got your BBQ, a bowl of rice, your banchan, and that was it. Looking back, I feel cheated, because the traditional Korean way is so much healthier. If a restaurant offers you all of the above with lettuce and sesame leaves to wrap your meat with, you have struck gold. I have yet to find one. The ultimate way to eat this cuisine is to take a preferred leaf, a piece of garlic, pepper, pickled daikon, meat, kimchi, some ssamjang (a mixture of red pepper paste, soy bean paste, and garlic) close it and shove it in your mouth. The part Katrina M. and I liked best was their cold bar filled with all the fixings to make bibimbap. I started with the mix rice base, adding bean sprouts, sauteed mushrooms, spinach, carrots, the brown root, daikon, pepper paste, sesame oil, dried seaweed, and a fried egg. Thoroughly mix this up and you are sure to be pleased with at least one item.
5	Spring mountain has a high and stiff competition of oriental eats. But in the world of k barb joints, this place only gems out because of it's madd friendly service. Madd, meaning "highly". I'm not Korean, but no joke, it's like coming over to my korean sister's house. I felt Korean for a good hour or so. They treat us like it's my wedding reception or something; Getting to know our names, hanging out out, playing mini table games while we wait for our meats to grill. It's really cute. Entertaining enough to bring my grill out-my teeth and smile. But speaking of teeth, bring your own toothpick or floss, cuz while the meat is melting in our mouth drenched from the sesame oil or hot sauce, the meat is hiding out in the gaps of our teeth. By the way, you will be coming home with watery eyes and wreaking of kimchi- but hey, that's all a part of the experience. I bet other k barb joints have other meats juicier than TMZ gossip, but this place always has me just for the welcoming and amazing service, and my money's worth.4.5 stars.
4	The BF and I haven't been here in a long while but for some reason I really had a hankering for some BBQ and rice. Scratch that- I'm Asian and I want that all the time, but was able to convince the BF. The meat was on today. There was sirloin slices that were quite tender. Tongue is always pretty good. I appreciate that they always have the thin sliced radish which I use for wrapping meat and lightens up the taste. It's not something I can do often but I enjoy it when I do splurge on a meatfest. Just a note, the prices have changed a few weeks after I ate here. Dinner/weekends is now $18.99, not $16.99. Lunch price stayed the same at $12.99
4	Woo che is just as good as sura but cheaper! Good selection of meats but they were out of rice the whole time I was there, which isn't good for an Asian like me that eats rice witg everything! I'll be back though!!
5	I can't say anything bad about this place.  It's clean, items are very well refridgerated, the food is great, it's cheap.I lived in Vegas for over 14 years and didn't disocver it until my last three.  I think I will make this one a quick review and make a very simple comparison about how much I enjoy this place.On my last week before leaving Las Vegas, I ate at Robuchon and enjoyed 16 courses of absolute bliss.  It was definitely a great send off to another city in America, especially for the one I'm in which has no real food scene -_-Anyways... In that last week, I had three meals where I went to Woo Che, THREE.  I had schedules to eat at all sorts of favorites, Bouchon, Todd English's Olives, Jerry's Nugget (for that insane steak), etc...  This was the only place where I couldn't seem to sate that craving.  This place must marinate their food in highly addictive drugs or something.  I love it!
3	I have been to Woo Che a few times now.  The first was a UYE last year when a group of Yelpers gathered at Woo Che for an evening of AYCE Korean BBQ.  And the most recent was a lunch visit with coworkers yesterday.First, I just want to say that if you enjoy having Korean BBQ and not as concerned about paying the right price for the right selection of meats, then wait until after 3pm for the AYCE dinner at Woo Che.  Yeah, the price is higher compared to their lunch AYCE, but you get the kalbi which is not featured during lunch.  And for me that is practically all I eat when I go to an AYCE Korean BBQ restaurant.  And second, don't wear nice clothes when dining at any Korean BBQ places, as you will be wearing the smell of Korean BBQ back to work, home or wherever you are going afterward.Okay, with that out of the way, Woo Che is a relatively small diner-looking restaurant.  It is in the same plaza as Pho So 1, Honey Pig (they have AYCE Korean BBQ too), and Big Lot, on the SE corner of Spring Mountain and Decatur.They have a bibimbap bar, where you can fix yourself a bowl or plate of AYCE bibimbap, topped with the desired selections and portion of the toppings that goes on top of it.  Which is pretty cool if you can get that alone, since most of the people that come here are here for the BBQ!The BBQ station offers raw shrimps, spicy pork and chicken, Bulgogi, pork belly, intestines, tripes, beef tongue, etc.  And the selection improves with at least the kalbi short ribs for dinner.  What I love about Woo Che is that it is a self help buffet, so I can get as little as I want of everything to try and go back for more of what I enjoyed.  At some other restaurants you are ordering plates of food, which you may not want to eat by the plateful , which really sucks if you are dining solo.They also have a small selection of sushi rolls and Inarizushi (fried tofu skin pouch with sushi rice), which is next to the dessert station (orange segments, jellos and the Korean sweet dessert drink with rice in it-don't know the name of that item).Their banchan station has a fairly decent selection of, well... banchans :)  Japche (glass noodle accompanied with a variety of vegetables and beef in a slightly-sweet garlic sauce-can be a standalone dish by itself), Sigeumchi namul (parboiled spinach), various kimchis (cabbage, radish, cucumbers), and seaweed salad.The have fried rice, mackerel pike, and other cooked items that you can eat with whatever you cook on the grill.  Plus a selection of various soups, plain cooked rice and mixed rice.The waitress that waited on us was friendly and checks up on us regularly.  When the grill needed changing, we let her know and it was taken care of quickly.  Which is better than some nearby Korean BBQ restaurants, which delegates that task to the busser and you have to wait for him to come by.The only thing that I know can be better is the venting system at the restaurant, but smelling like Korean BBQ after eating at one is pretty typical.  Decor:  3/5  Looks like a stand alone diner from the outside, and the interior is separated into booths.Food:  3/5  for lunch. Lower prices, but lacking the kalbi that I would gladly pay more for.            4/5  for dinner.  Has kalbi!Service:  4/5  Smaller restaurant with attentive staff.  Price:  4/5  One of the lower prices Korean BBQ restaurants in LV.Food Labels:  0.5/5  Most items are not labeled, so it is hard for the beginners to know what it is that they are getting.Location:  4/5  Not too far from the Strip, not too far West of the Strip on Spring Mountain, so still not a far cab ride for the visitors.
4	I wish someone brought me here earlier! I always had KBBQ at Tofu Hut. I really like the buffet style here. It's neat, to me. I like having to pick out my meat whenever I want and then getting some side food along with it. Besides the meat you can pick, they have other little side dishes, like fruits and sushi, etc. There's different types of rice, too. Consider it a buffet for your Korean barbecue! Next time I want KBBQ, I'm most likely coming here. :) Servers were nice. One star down because the grill we had kept blowing the smoke into one certain area and it was very hard to enjoy your food with it blowing in your face. We didn't have room to really avoid it cause of our party and the table space. I'm definitely not sitting in that table again.
5	I started going to Woo Che when my friend told me a new AYCE KBBQ place opened up in Las Vegas and it was way cheaper than the only (at the time) AYCE place up the street. Yes!! Woo Che is buffet style so you just go and get the types of meat you want instead of having to wait for someone to bring it to you; this guarantees maximum eating potential and doesn't leave much room for bad service. So as soon as I'm seated, I always head straight for the fridge to get the beef brisket and tongue. I eat these with my oil and salt mixture, sriracha, kim chi, and lettuce leaves. Then I load up on pork belly. This stuff is straight fat so it may not be everybody's cup of tea, but if you like bacon, this is the Korean version. Lastly is the galbi, which are marinated spare ribs that are sweet, savory, and kills the KBBQ craving. The sushi here is good for what it is and the fruit at the buffet is a sweet end to dinner. The service is always decent. They are very easy to find and are quick to change the grills once they get covered in marinade. They will also refill a buffet item if it's low and you bring it to their attention. I have eaten here with a lot of different people and everyone always leaves happy and full. This is the only KBBQ place I eat at in Las Vegas; you can't beat the price and quality. P.S. Wear machine washable clothes because you will reek when you leave.
5	Two years later, I finally found the place I went to in Vegas with my family. I don't really remember much in detail but I know that their service is very friendly. Also, you pick out your own KBBQ meats. :) Now that I found this place, I'll make sure that I come back when I'm in Vegas.
4	tried this place because of the ads and flyers i've seen. second expience to ACYE korean food which you cook your own food.  they have a pretty good selection of cooked and uncooked food.  i threw a fried egg on almost every dish i made. if your a newbie like i was watch what everyone else was doing, ask the employee, or just do what feels right to you.  they were very friendly and helpful in making my expience a good one.  also when my grill got too dirty they replaced it without me asking.  they also frequently check up on us. i would come back here more often.
5	This is a fun little AYCE Korean BBQ place. The quality is excellent and service is friendly.
4	**Summary**       - Marinade - All the meats that have marination are well marinated.       - Value - Even though they raised their prices to $18.99 for dinner, they're still below Sura ($22.95) and Honey Pig ($19.99). Plus, they don't restrict what you can get unlike Honey Pig's one short rib order limitation.       - Decor - The place doesn't look as great with their portable A/C units lying around.       - Grill - Don't forget that you can always ask for a new grill when you've burnt yours up.**Price**       - $12.99 Lunch AYCE 11am-3pm Mon-Fri       - $18.99 Dinner/Weekend AYCE 3pm-Midnight Mon-Fri, Sat & Sun**Available**       - Beef Galbi(Short Ribs) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/07gh-AImcEcWQ2bew-jprg?select=8ps50HLC6pTQ5rJ7rEfkng)       - Bulgogi (Marinated Beef)       - Deungshim Gui (Sirloin)       - Chadol Baki (Thinly Sliced Brisket) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/07gh-AImcEcWQ2bew-jprg?select=nI_1i_NOfAd0PwpGCPK5vA)       - Pork Galbi (Pork Ribs) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/07gh-AImcEcWQ2bew-jprg?select=gCmu20le5ieLGe5v3dZhAw)       - Samgyeopsal (Unsalted Bacon AKA Pork Belly)       - Spicy Pork Bulgogi (Marinated Pork)       - Decent size assortment of hot foods (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/07gh-AImcEcWQ2bew-jprg?select=BRiOubp6yE79ZSlkmUJuGQ)**Recommendations**       - After trying all the other AYCE Korean BBQ places in town, I definitely favor Woo Che over the others. They're cheaper and their meat has more flavor.
5	Great buffet.  Friendly staff.  The food quality is really good.  I like the marinated beef, chicken and squid.  Side dishes (ban chan) are very good also.  Make sure that you try the sweet rice punch for dessert.   Best place to eat on Spring Mtn.
5	Woo Che.   Is WOOOONDERFUL!!!  I nvr did my korean BBQ myself and once they showed me what to do it was easy.   It is so much better cooking tableside.  The meat was so juicy and yummy I WILL BE BACK. And best thing here it is buffet so I tried things I have never ate before
4	This place is great for the meat-lovers out there.  Grab raw meats in all sorts of varieties, take them to your table and grill them.  Very simple and delicious.In addition to the meats, they have a great selection of salads, vegetables, rice, porridge, and sauces to compliment the meal.If I had any complaint, it would be that there is a section for prepared appetizers (dunplings, spring rolls, etc...) that was kind of lacking.  Not much selection, and it looked like it had been sitting out for a while.Also, for the tourists out there, keep in mind that you are in very close proximity to Vegas' Chinatown, and there isn't a lot of English spoken there.  It's not a complaint, just something to take note of when you go.I'm definitely going back.
2	Okay Im a sucker for AYCE Korean BBQ. As much as I care about the price, the taste is like 100x more important. Service was okay, since I was Korean the waiter just waited for me to call him for drinks and to change out the grill (which you must change out the grill once you grill marinated meat so the rest of your meat doesnt burn). Wooche charges only $19.99 for dinner. The banchan (Korean side dishes) were absolutely horrible! Not that it wasn't edible, but so many random dishes like assortment of Chinese dishes that you can tell was sitting in for a long, long time... The egg roll & potstickers were like hockey pucks, the beef and broccoli were shriveled up in the sauce. They only Korean banchan they had was lots of namul (vegetable dishes). Really? A Korean BBQ done properly should either be expensive (~$25) and have tons of great tasting banchan, desserts, and meat OR have it for cheap (~$15) and have a few, but great tasting banchan. I really dont know if corn out of a can & mushy cucumber kimchi is necessary to fill the space. Now onto the meats, at WooChe you can find chicken, pork, and beef plain, marinated in either soy or hot pepper paste. They also have an assortment of spicy baby octopus and shrimp with the shell and head on. I am sensitive when it comes to the gaminess of the meat and as soon as I put the pork belly and beef steak into my mouth I tasted something really unpleasant... Sadly the only meat that comes to mediocre is the kalbi. After 7:00 had passed, a lot of Korean people were coming in to eat & drink. A lady from the kitchen brought out raw, spicy blue crab. The seasonings were mainly red pepper paste with jalapenos, sugar, and sesame oil... nothing great. My boyfriend and I are always willing to give places 3 or 4 tries, but this was a total no-go... We will stick to either Tofu Huts AYCE Happy Hour $13.99 (great for simple pork belly, beef brisket, or spicy pork belly with excellent salad) or Honey Pig AYCE $24.99 (same table side service like Tofu Hut, but the quality of meat, banchan, and service is great)!!!
5	Best food even if you do cook it yourself *.* Recomended for everyone!
4	First day back in Vegas, and my brother had to prove himself to be a true Korean at heart. In doing so, he took me here. Woo Che has converted me into a fan of Korean BBQ. Now, I'm not going to deny. I had never had Korean BBQ before Woo Che, but from what I ate, I love what they do. Endless amounts of meat to be grilled tableside, I love it already! The meat and seafood was delicious and fresh - Bulgogi is a true nemesis to my waistline. Oh then there's the marinated pork. My stomach and brain say no, but my hand keeps grilling.The rice mixed in with veggies and Kim Chi at least made me feel slightly better about all the protein I was about to ingest. And hey! There's always Jell-O to make you feel better as well, as Jack W. kept reminding me it's zero points on weight watchers!Coming on a weekend day, the price is a bit extravagant. Weekdays are better suited for Woo Che as it is three or four bucks cheaper.
5	Seriously good.  I go there after watching soccer games at the "Crown & Anchor Pub" across the parking lot, and I always love it.  Reasonable price ($18.99 for dinner or on weekends, even less for lunch) and the food is good.  And of course, it's all you can eat, (beef, chicken, seafood, pork, bacon, tofu, other stuff) and I love cooking the food in front of us.  The staff is polite and attentive, during a slow period my last time there the hostess came to our table and started cooking our food for us, and when I noted I like spicy chicken, she popped out and back in again with some jalapenos to cook along with the chicken.  In short, they work hard.  Might not be as good a place for vegetarians, while they do have some vegetable items and tofu, my wife is a vegetarian and found very little she wanted to eat.  But as a carnivore, I could eat here every meal and die happy.  Definitely recommend.
3	Baby, yeah I used to love you..! They jacked up the price I think.. Oh well, so is every place else. It's something else.. maybe me? I can't tell.. but I ONLY eat the brisket.. & it's not the same.. freshness, maybe. Maybe I was already full at the time when I visited, but it just wasn't like the first time.
4	I read lots of yelp reviews on this place, and decided to go have dinner with the bf. We went on a friday around 4pm, and the place was deserted. During our stay we were the only customers.I'm not familiar with the custom of eating korean bbq (if there is any), we had a waitress who cooked our food. I didn't know they did that. I preferred the bok choy kim chi over the kim chi itself. The cucumber side dish was very good as well, I loved how it was more sweet than spicy. There were also cooked food (fried rice, wontons I think) but I only paid attention to the raw meats.I'm a fan of the marinade beef and chicken normally, but they keep their dry meats in a cold place. My boyfriend prefers Sura BBQ (says the price is worth it) but I'm fine with both places. Dinner is definitely better price than Sura ($18.99, I think) The prices are on a big banner in front of the place.Dessert is limited, fruits and jello, but it's very good jello I have to say :D
4	This was actually my first visit to a Korean BBQ place here in Vegas.  I have been to a few back in Hawaii, however, I am used to having to order your meats from the server being charged for your individual selections.  This place was AYCE and you actually go up to the buffet line to make your selections and proceed back to your table to cook it.  It's an interesting Vegas touch.  I definitely want to come back when friends or family are in town simply for the interaction and variety of options for all.The meat selection was decent (beef, pork, chicken, and some seafood).  We made an attempt to try a little of everything but what stood out the most was definitely the kalbi (marinated short ribs) and the marinated chicken (I preferred the less spicy of the two they had out).The service was very good.  Staff was attentive, pleasant and helpful.  They changed out our grill in the middle of our meal because they noticed the build up.  So that was nice.  The gentleman even finished cooking some of our meats as we were too distracted eating what was already on our plates lol.The banchan was mediocre and not as good as the meat choices.  They seemed a bit bland and were probably sitting out for too long.  If they improve on this minor (yet HUGE) part, I would've granted this place the full 5.The price for dinner was $18.99 for AYCE.  I must say not bad at all.  Go KBBQ!
3	The advantage of living in Las Vegas is it a  great numbers of buffets. I was at Woo Chae when it was first open with couples of friends. That time the restaurant has a great selection of side dishes as well as Chinese foods. I would say the meats like bulgogi and marinated chicken are ok.not so delicious if compare to other AYCE Korean BBQ in Las Vegas. My favourite from this restaurant is the sweet rice(red/purple rice).I did go back to try the food at Woo Chae again but the quality,flavour and selections are not the same. They are not as delicious as the first time I was there. So I would rate this restaurant a 3 stars not a five stars restaurants.
4	I really enjoy my visit to Woo Chee. They have tons of meat to choose from and if you are extremely hungry and can't wait to eat they already have cooked chicken kebob ready and you can pick on it while you wait for your BBQ to cook. I also like the variety of soup. The servers are really really nice and helpfull they even give you suggestions of sauce or how to cook the meat (for those who are newbies to this). The price is just right not expensive and not cheap i mean for AYCE $19 is a steal!
4	Totally forgot to buy the yelp deal, but we went for lunch last Fri and adults were $12.99 and my 5 yr old was $5.99 AYCE.I've never been to a korean bbq ayce.  The korean bbq's I've been too, you order your plates of meat and cook it.  This place you get your own plates, whatever you want, and eat however much you want for one price.  Dinner is $18.99 I think.  Sat & Sun is all dinner prices.  For what we paid and ate, I thought it was a good deal.  Drinks were $1 each.  Not bad at all.
3	This will be my first visit to a Korean BBQ joint here in Vegas and I was delightfully surprised. It was fairly traditional with a decent selection (tripe was a nice addition). The staff was attentive as they needed to be; quick to switch out grill tops and refill waters, but that is rarely a deal-breaker for me at these places. To explain to those that may have been to different style Korean BBQ's, this is the type that is buffet style, not the dim sum style. I typically compare Korean restaurants on their kalbi, and this place stacks up right around the 3 star range. Having been to, in my opinion, some of the best domestic Korean BBQ's back in Queens, NY, this place filled the void rather nicely. I'll definitely return for my monthly dose of pig intestine, And for 18$ a head? Gun bae!
5	One of the best places to eat in Las Vegas!
5	I tried the Kalbi and Bulgogi, it was yummy! We couldn't believe how soft the meat was even after we burnt it! Haha! The vegetables were all fresh. I really enjoy the sliced daikon and Kim Chee! Also the staff was very nice and "on it", we never had to ask for anything! Then after we stuffed ourselves, there was still room for dessert! They have this liquid thing that looks like watered down honey! Try it! It taste like ginger and cinnamon! It was so good, I had seconds and thirds of that! It's suppose to cleanse your palette. So basically, it's like green tea for Japanese food. But it's served cold and so much better! In fact I'm gonna go to Chinatown today and see if anywhere sells it, it was that good! Now I can say I finally ate at that place with the sign, U cook, U eat! It was bomb! Better and cheaper than Sura down the road! This is now our place to eat Korean food!
4	This is the first buffet style korean bbq that i have ever went to but its awesome!You can get your own foods without having to wait to flag down the waiters or anything! and for the price you have a wide range of variety to pick from! other AYCE kbbq places only give you limited selections and most the time their service sucks really bad! i love woo che  and they have like soup and everything even deserts!
1	I bought a Yelp deal, $10 for $5.  We arrived around 6 pm on a Friday night and the place was dead (that is a bad sign).  One other couple inside.  Each table has its own grill.  We started with soup.  My girlfriend had miso soup.  It was too salty.  I had pumpkin pourage.  It was cold, sweet, and had the consistency of pudding.  I tried some of the already prepared items.  They were all cold and flavorless.  The waiter was really, really nice and attentive.  He kept our drinks fresh, plates cleared away, and swapped out our grill top when it started to turn black.  I really like this guy and hope he gets a job at some place better where his skills will be more appropriately rewarded.  The grill meats were mostly bland.  You pick the raw meats up on a buffet area.  I imagine cross contamination is a real issue here.  The cuts were too thin.  The shrimp was in the shell and had not been de-veined.  That is, the gastro intestinal track was still in tact.  The dark line running down the back is their feces.  Gross!  Besides peeling the meat out of the shell while smok'in hot is no fun.  I think this place was supposed to be Korean, but our waiter appeared Filipino and the cooking staff were all Hispanic.  With the Yelp deal the bill came to around $25 for two people.  We will not return.  This place was a dud.
4	Great place!! Bulgogi was awesome!! I love the AYCE concept then have to cook the meat yourself. Prices were very reasonable considering all the meat that you could eat. There is a great selection of banchans (or side dishes). My only complain is the lack of dessert choices. But then again, you'd be so fll from all the meat that you probably won;t have enough space for dessert. Will definitely come back here.
2	Went for Friday night dinner. It was moderately full.Wait staff was attentive.Surprised in that the buffet area of hot food they have, that most of the hot bins at 7:10pm are either empty or soon to be empty. During the hour, I did not see any other food being added.Did enjoy the brisket that we cooked on our own table. The pork belly was decent. Catfish that was a holdover on the buffet had a decent taste to it. However, it did sit for a bit & had tons of bones to pick through. This was my first Korean BBQ experience. Was a decent try out for something different. However, I would rather search out for more places.
3	Solid Three Star!I'd have given it a fourth star, but the service was a little spotty. Maybe it was an off-night, who knows, who cares? Woo-Che is a nice spot for AYCE Korean BBQ. My bff was in town with her boyfriend, so a friend and I all met up here for dinner one night before hitting the strip. I suggested AYCE Korean BBQ, so we hopped on my fancy Yelp app and saw a Yelp Deal. Sold.Fair warning: bring both, a change of clothes and a bottle of febreze for later. You will smell like Seoul.Anyway, you walk in, and there are plenty of tables. You pick one, the server asks you what you want to drink (I suggest Hite), then they turn on your grill at the table.All the meat is buffet style, so there are rows of all kinds of great uncooked meats. Shortrib, pork belly, seafood, chicken, top round, bottom round, etc. Grab it, throw it on your grill, and enjoy!The Banchan selection is quite good too. I can say that I've had a much better experience at Tofu Hut, because I didn't have to worry about picking from a buffet. It's easier for me to go off  a menu. But that's just me. You may feel otherwise.The ventilation system here is pretty good too, but like I said, make sure you bring a change of clothes, and/or febreze.Lastly, this place is priced well. About 20 bucks all in. Late night, they drop the price a few bucks too. Awesome! PLUS, there is a Yelp Deal!
3	This place is A-ok for a AYCE Korean BBQ. went here because of all the great reviews and 4-star. Place had lots of choices in meats, and side dishes. Love how they have two different kinds of bean sprouts to try. They also had some hot foods that you can find in a buffet (mussells with mayo, potstickers etc). Went here on a sunday night,  they were pretty slow, but did get busy after 20 mins. Meat quality was good. Not a fan of the pork belly i've had better. service was a hit and miss. they did refill our drinks after we asked. but had to flag them down to change our grill. overall it was ok.
4	Hmm...Korean BBQ here is all you can eat and is excellent ( I only gave it 4 stars because the Soju here is a tad expensive), but the food here is great!!!  High quality meat, good service, and tons of chicks at night. Highly recommended!!!
3	...typical AYCE korean bbq, nothing like la style, but it did hit the spot for only 12.99.  my mom and i were in LV last week and she always craves korean food, found this place on YELP:)  had the typical chadol baegi-unmarinated beef, daegi gogi-spicy pork and samgyupsal-pork, which were all pretty mediocre.  There were plenty of side dishes that were fresh, but the cooked items like fried dumplings were dry and hard.  Anyway, if i were in LV with old korean ppl, id probably take them here for the price :p
3	Nice place for Korean BBQ.  1. Price - Not too bad at 18.95 for adults in the evening.2.  Service - Pretty efficient for a buffet place.  I like the seating, plenty of room and the tables - just enough space to put everything.3.  Food - Interesting selection of ban chan, sushi, other bits and pieces. My kids liked them all.  The bbq meats and seafood could have been much better labeled per type of meat. Instead, there were generic labels - Seafood, Pork, Chicken, Beef.4.  Cleanliness - Come on , this is an asian restaurant, so we have to focus on the cleanliness.  While I did not like the oddly "cleaned" grill inset, once they covered it with a clean oiled grill, I was able to ignore what was "lurking" beneath the grill.5.  Food Choices -  Forgot to mention the food choices were plentiful and just about right. Overall, the place was pretty good for plenty of AYCE bbq.  I like the style and atmosphere of Mothers, but they do not do AYCE.Nice place if you are hungry for a lot of meat!
3	I bought a yelp deal for this place and was very excited to check out their lunch buffet. The deal didn't state any sort of restrictions, but the waitress said that we could only use it during dinner. I was too hungry and didn't want to drive back here again so I just sat at the table that I was pointed at. The restaurant is quite small, but it had a decent variety of beef, pork and chicken. Some special items were paper thin slices of brisket and beef tongue. There was also some intesttines that seemed to be stuffed with chopped liver. There was some banchan as well, but nothing stood out other than the sweet potatoes. There was also some Chinese offerings like spring rolls, sesame chicken and dumplings that I stayed away from. I also avoided the sushi since it was extremely heavy on the rice. The bulgogi which was thinly sliced and very tender was definitely the star. The desserts were disappointing, so I just loaded up on the beef and chicken.
4	For their price and what they do, they're pretty good. When I go out, I try to have a good time, so I just went for the marinated meats and other things that looked appetizing. Of course, they did have some things that didn't look so appetizing, of which I didn't eat, so my review might be a bit biased, but why would I want to get disappointed?Anyway, the beef is yummy, and my love was able to get some kalbi during the $11.99 price, which is after 11pm, but he got it by accident by lifting the lid of a tray we weren't supposed to eat from. The lady just let us know politely that this one serving would be okay, but normally, the kalbi is only in the dinner price. Good thing my love was smart and got three slabs. I have to say, their kalbi is bomb. I enjoyed their gingery rice drink in the dessert section. Their spicy cucumbers were refreshing and a fun delight. The kalbi, though... oh, if only there were enough words to describe it. Perhaps the forbidden aspect of it added to our fun too. We might be back if we want to stuff ourselves again late night, but we really couldn't eat that much. Ugh... we got full much more quickly than we expected. Meat-packing during the evening is not such a smart idea. We had food coma afterwards.
5	Went back almost 2 years later.... Still Amazing.
2	I really didn't like Wooche. I don't know if we just went on a bad night but the food just wasn't that good and the place seemed really dirty. The quality of the food wasn't that good either. I do not think I will be going back.
3	A decision to go to Woo Che is almost always based off price, not quality. Woo Chee is probably the most affordable/cheapest of the AYCE KBBQ offerings here in vegas. At about $13 for AYCE (after 11PM) this place is a great value. But as many of fellow yelpers have noted, this value does cost a diner in terms of quality.I am not saying that the quality food here is bad.. but it could be alot better. After 11pm they essentially stop replenishing the food in the buffet  (except for the meat) and diners are free to get whatever is left. When I got there are around midnight last week, I noticed that all of the salad, and much of banchan offerings were depleted. The meat itself is not bad but really impressive either. The spicy chicken is great and not offered at the other KBBQ places, and the jalapeno soy sauce is addition. I wasn't too impressed with their cuts for the bulgogi and beef as it seemed like it was mostly fat on it.The interior is like most KBBQ places, minimalistic, but this place definitely has a cafeteria like feel to it. Woo Che is a great value, but there is a sacrifice on quality. Sura down the street offers a much larger variety of food in the same buffet style set-up but is around $22 a pop.
4	It was my very first time at a Korean BBQ place so my co-workers brought me here. For never having tried this type of food before, I would say, it was pretty good. It is an all you can eat type of place where you get to grill your own food. We came here for lunch and the place had just opened so every thing put out was very fresh. They have several type of meats, some marinated, some not and also couple of different soups and a small salad bar. I tried the salad, beef brisket and unsalted bacon. Every thing I tried was delicious. The only issue was that the grill kept getting really hot, and they had to keep changing it out. Also, there aren't a lot of options for dessert, just jello. But I had a great first experience trying Korean BBQ and I would definitely recommend this place to other people.
5	We tried it on a recommendation of Best Foot Massage, who live up to their name. The dinner is actually very reasonably priced. The grill is in the middle of the table, and you cook your raw meats and veggies yourself. They have really good quality meats, not the tough stuff you have to chew over and over on just to be able to swallow it. Dinner was $19.95 for all you can eat, and that includes beef, chicken, pork, seafood with the sides. It was a great experience, I highly recommend it.
4	I love this place. At Woo Che you have the opportunity to cook your own food. BEWARE you will smell like BBQ after you leave the restaurant so this would not be a good idea to bring a date to. It's really cheap too $12.95 for all you can eat lunch or 17$ for all you can eat dinner.. they had a variety of meats there from kalbi to bolgogi to fish and shrimp, as for your sides they had plenty salands, potatoe salads, rice and much more. I recommend this place if your into cooking your own food and into KOrean BBQ.
5	This place has a huge variety of super yummy marinated meats, soups and even a fast food style section for the less adventurous. As an AYCE you BBQ whatever you like at your own table.
5	I've only been here for lunch (can't beat all you can eat Korean bbq for under $15!), and I have no complaints!  Huge selection of meats, pretty much all your standards along with some of the good stuff including beef tongue, tripe, shrimp, marinated chicken, spicy pork and couple kinds of beef.  Not only do they have bbq, they have what looks like a make your own bibimbap bar, hot foods, soups, Korean brown rice & regular rice, and a little dessert bar that includes their cinnamon rice soup thing!Every time I come to Vegas, I make sure to stop by for lunch!  I've come with groups as small as 2-3 and as large as 10+ and they are very accommodating and friendly!  They didn't even mind splitting the bill for our large group across multiple transactions!
3	I'm giving this place a 3.5! (and that's a good thing)Whenever I'm craving Korean BBQ and don't have much $$ I go here strictly for the price. It's a lot more affordable than other ayce places which will cost me (+ tip) around $30 for dinner. The meat and banchans are pretty good, not crappy at all. They do lack desserts but so does Sura. I guess desserts aren't highlighted in Korean BBQ because people are too stuffed with meat and ran out of room for anything sweet afterwards. Everything they serve on the buffet may not be an A+... maybe a B- They have at least 4 different marinated meat selections and another 3 or 4 "dry" meat which includes beef, pork and chicken. They also serve seafood such as shrimp and squid. They have all sorts of "salads" or cold dishes, along side other appetizers? Such as pot stickers and grilled fish. They also serve sushi rolls but I never give those any attention. If I want to eat sushi, ayce Korean BBQ (or any buffet in general) ain't the place. I go to ayce sushi joints for that. They serve rose tea and I'm addicted to it. I'd drink like 5 servings lolI know there are better places, but you can't beat it for the price. It definitely satisfies my meat cravings ;)
2	It isn't terrible and it isn't expensive. But it really warm and there were flies.
3	more selections on meat! customer service is good. my only complaint is the price. A little more than other korean places.
4	This is a Korean BBQ place that cheap for Lunch I think it around $15 bucks, but dinner is $20 and they also have a night time special like 11:00PM to 2AM or so that $15. I think the place has a lot of choices and such and the food is good. You get your own meats and veggie. They also have sushi there, but it not great. There dessert choice aren't good either, but they do have a lot of meats and sauces to pick from so I think it good for the price. This the kind of place you go after a night out on the club or bar and to chill with friends. The place is OK looking. Worth a try.
3	Out of all the AYCE Korean BBQ options in Las Vegas Woo Che is probably the easiest on your wallet. They even have a late night special for $11.99 after 11:00pm and you can't beat that... I would say the quality of the meat is average if not below on some days. The beef brisket (chadol baegi,) my favorite, often has freezer burn and the galbi is nothing really too special. They also have a hot food, sushi & salad section but I never touch those.. Their banchan (side dish) section however is pretty decent. Overall the restaurant just has a kind of dirty feel to it that isn't most appealing when there is raw meat just chilling.. But it does satisfy your Korean BBQ needs for cheap!Tip: Soda is only $1 plus free refills yay! I normally don't drink soda but a diet coke helps me digest all that meat!
4	Luv these all-u-can-eat buffets... I got familiar w/them in CA and am always on the hunt for them here. My only problem with cooking at your table is going back to work or otherwise spending the rest of the day smelling like a meat camp fire.
3	Is it hot in here or is it just me?It's SMMMmmoooking! Not because we are in Las Vegas and not because of young women all dressed up to go clubbing... For that you need to go to Cosmo or XS. I'm talking about Korean BBQ in Vegas. What the heck you say..?? Yes, for the non locals (myself included) there is a Chinatown in Las Vegas. Although it's mostly Vietnamese and some Korean if you squint your eyes you may find a Chinese place here and there. No pun intended. If you do the math right 1 Chinese place = Chinatown. Las Vegas is my second home. Back in the day when playing poker was better than working, but that's a long boring trip down memory lane.Unfortunately, if you are looking to match or beat any korean bbq place in LA or Orange County this won't be the place. However, if you after tired of buffet lines that take about an hour wait just to get in and are full of nothing but seafood and desserts, this is your Asian food escape. Plus why the heck are all the buffets like $40 for dinner now??? What happened to $20 or $15 buffets and no never mention Circus Circus or Excalibur to me or I will start Raging. Paying Around $18 to $20 for all you can eat here was too much! Yes, I know that there's a huge sign outside for $12.99/ per person, but it doesn't mention anything about only on weekdays and excluding holidays. If I only paid $12.99 then it will be worth it. I know I sound cheap, but thinking about including drinks and tip. FOOD:Hot food- I didn't like any of the fried food.Banchan (side dishes) - they were all cold and old.Raw Meat- I only like the brisket the best. It's simple without any sauce. I was a little concern that the raw meat spoons were right next to the rice and miso soup. I swear I saw a little kid use a meat spoon to get some rice. Just saying... I was afraid of cross contamination.VERDICT:On a week day,  I would come back. I try to make it a tradition to visit Chinatown at least once during every Vegas trip. I know I sound so Asian, but sue me. There's only so many buffets you can eat at. Also, it's not a contest to stuff your face people!! I recommend going for lunch or on weekdays to get a deal, but try not to go out at night. Las Vegas the city outside of the big lights is a bit shady at night time. So watch your wallet. And don't get catch in any Asian Massage parlors with your pants down.
4	My fav all you can eat BBQ everything is really tasty.
1	Came back to Woo Che recently on a Friday after we thought the $17 price was more reasonable compared to Sura ($24). Well, I was wrong because we were charged $19 per person that night.When we first walked in the door, the place was almost deserted. There were only one other table (4 people) beside. When we left, we noticed only one more group came in after us and basically they were the only one there after we left. This is depressing for a late Friday night dinner joint.Once we started eating the food, we realized why the place was almost empty. There weren't a lot of choices in term of food when compared with Sura. Most of the cooked food have been sitting out for a long time and didn't look fresh. The meat quality was low and again looked like it has been sitting out for a while. Overall the food experience were not good.The service was nice, but again it could be because there were only a few people there. I felt bad for them because this place looks like it will have to close shop soon. I don't think you can maintain a business when only a few people dined at your joint on a Friday night. I hope I'm wrong and they will be successful again, so that way Sura don't have the monopoly and keep jacking up the price.
3	Happy hour from 11pm - 3am for $11.99 is LEGIT!!! The selection they put out during this time is limited, but is still satisfying if you want a good, cheap Korean BBQ fix
3	3.5 stars, but I don't think Woo Che is worthy of getting 4 stars from me. Came here for the second time after the stoke of midnight on New Year's Eve. We were originally at Tofu Hut, but they were full so decided to come here instead. It had been years since my last visit just because this is not my favorite spot for AYCE Korean BBQ, but the interior has definitely been improved. If they put a sign outside saying something like "new and improved dinning area" would attack more patrons. You certainly can't beat the price of 11.99, but of course it certainly comes with its share of cutting corners. The selection seemed sort of limited and my favorite kalbi was missing. I opted trying a variety of meats, the marinated meats being my favorite. The marinated beef was my number 1 pick and kept going back to that. They were also missing the oil and spices that is normally served with KBBQ, it possibly could have been at the buffet line and just didn't see it? Overall who knows when I'll be back here because I'm willing to pay the extra few dollars for a better KBBQ on Spring Mtn.
3	Mhmmm too smoky. Food is tasty but too smokyy and little hot. and my friends and i didnt know they already charged tip in the bill so we just accidently tipped them more. If you are craving for bbq its actually not really bad. i would give it 3.5* if i could.
1	We came here during lunch last weekend, which was our first and also the last one. First off, we asked the front-desk guy if they served beef ribs, to which he replied, "yes."However, we found out later that there was no ribs. He said they do serve ribs for dinner, not lunch time. Ok... why would we want to know what's served during dinner when we came here for lunch? He obviously tricked us with his wording. But his sly business did not end there. When the bill came out, he charged $12.99 for each of us, when it said $11.99 right on the window of his restaurant. On top of that, he charged 15% automatic gratuity for a party of FIVE people ! Wow, this is the first time I've seen a restaurant adding tip to the bill without stating it as policy on the menu. To sum it up, everything in this restaurant was a LIE. Period. There's no respect for customers in this place. I would NOT RECOMMEND it to anyone.
1	The worst service. We went in and asked if they have ribs since we typically eat mostly ribs at korean bbq. The waiter said yes so we decided to go in. After walking around and looked for food, we couldn't find the ribs anywhere. We asked where the ribs were and the guy said it's for dinner only. wtf... The guy obviously know we were not happy, he decided to precharge us 15% tax for group of 5.  The food sucks as hell. There's not much selection and many trays just sit there empty. We never come back to this place again for sure.
4	When I am craving Korean BBQ and it has to be CHEAP this is my spot!! I will come here for lunch solo and it's around $12! Dinner is cheap too AND they have a Happy Hour special after 11pm so it's super cheap then too! They have a large selection of meats and banchan and the employees are pretty nice. Depending when you go and who is working, they will cook the food for you at your table otherwise you are on your own.
3	Went here for a co-workers grad party. We all had a nice time socializing and thanks to his parents for hosting the party! Price runs at $12.99 for lunch & late night after 10 or 11pm I believe. The AYCE korean BBQ & veggie portion of it was ok. It was interesting to note that the brisket was kept in a glass top sliding door freezer like they use for ice creams at convenience stores. They were nice n frozen curled in thin slices. Service was good at refilling drinks and even replacing the grills when they started getting too black. They had some non-BBQ items on a buffet line, mostly of the chinese variety. But most of them looked like they have been sitting out too long and/or were pretty close to empty so didn't attempt to try any of them. Ok if youre in the mood for korean BBQ but I'd prefer Tofu Hut or Sura.
3	Just a note that this place appears to be closed- went by with a friend who loved this place, and there was a stack of old newspapers by the door and it was all locked up at lunch and stayed that way our entire trip. :(Really bummed, since I'd heard great things.
1	We got food poisoning after eating at here. My wife and I were on vacation from LA and couldn't go anywhere because of this!!! Food poisoning!!!  When we called, they blamed that we did not cook the meat thoroughly. We are Koreans from LA, it's not the first time we had Korean BBQ. I am very upset that they were busy blaming us that we got sick. I am contacting health department for inspection. I strongly urge you to consider other Korean all you can eat BBQ Restaurant.
