5	Yoga One has changed my life. It's the best place I've been ever been, ever, ever, ever!I took my first class there about a year ago, and while the heat was shocking, I'd never felt so good in my body before. My feet and hands were tingling...my heart was beating fast...my legs and arms were alive!And the best part of the whole class is that when you lie down in corpse pose at the end, the teachers bring you a cold, scented cloth to put over your eyes. Their rates are really reasonable for such a nice studio, and there is always something exciting happening. I've been to several of their workshops, and they're always worth it. Every month, there's some kind of special deal where you can take classes for free. I've lost weight from taking the classes, and I can tell I'm in much better shape physically...but that's only like a lovely side effect. The mental, spiritual, and emotional effect of the yoga practice I'm developing from the instruction at Yoga One really, truly has changed my life.
5	When I first went to Yoga One I was not very well versed/practiced in Yoga, but that didn't matter, the classes can be good for anyone at any level.  I was surprised that they offer only hot yoga.I found it to be not only a welcoming atmosphere but a very calming environment.  The teachers all have there own styles but I have yet to have a negative experience with any of them and I have been back many times since my first experience.  For first time visitors to the studio they have special discounted rates, they also offer discounts for students.  It is very easy to book a class (and pay for it) from their website.
4	Great HOT yoga studio.  I didn't do my research, and was unfamiliar with the Baptiste style, so I got a little surprise when I walked into the sauna-hot room.  However, the staff are amazing - front desk, instructors, and all - and really make you feel welcome and relaxed (making a point to remember my name, point out showers, water, etc.).  The class I went to (3:30pm on Friday) was only $5, which is a serious bargain.  The room was relatively full, which I'm kind of partial to (less attention on individuals!), but not too full to be uncomfortable or prevent us from receiving personal asana-corrections as needed. The retail selection is extensive, the room smelled good, was kept hot & clean, and nobody infringed on my personal space. The best part of the class by far is the ice-cold, lavender-scented cloth given out during corpse pose.The only reason I'm not head-over-heels is that the studio had a little bit of an elitist/competitive vibe, which is understandable, as this is definitely not one-size-fits-all yoga, but still could be avoided.  I will absolutely be back though, for some occasional hot yoga sessions.  Tips: 1. Do NOT go here if you are new to yoga.2. Go to their website - follow ALL of their recommendations before/during/after a class, and read what Baptiste is all about.
4	Yoga One introduced me to the transformative powers of yoga. I need a challenge, and Yoga One's vinyasa flow in a heated room kept me so focused on my practice that I absolutely didn't have time to get bored, start making a grocery list in my head, or any of those other om-wreckers that typically ruin yoga. Highly recommend Daniel's 6am yoga class!
5	I've got so many good things to say about Yoga One...I don't know where to start.  I've been going since it opened in late 2005 or early 2006.  I've watched it grow and grow.   In fact they've grown so much, they are moving to a larger space soon.Venue:  Kinda "underground"...warm colors, very beatnik feel, all natural and just a good atmosphere.  Studio fits around 72 or so.  But only the "Prime Time" classes are usually Full.  If you go anytime other than immediately after work...you should be fine without feeling over crowded. There is a boutique that offers yoga attire and yoga related books.  Couple of bathrooms with showers and a changing area with some lockers.Instructors:   ALL INSTRUCTORS ARE TOP NOTCH.   I'm never let down by the performance of any of them.  I can't pick a favorite because they all offer something slightly different to each practice.  The instructors are highly educated and know how to cue and assist for optimal performance.   YOGA ONE is also an instructional academy.  They teach new teachers how to teach.  Classes:  Almost all classes are based on Baron Baptiste's Hot Vinyasa Flow method.   The room is near 98 degrees and somewhat steamy.   They don't offer many basics classes...but you can go to any All Levels class and they cue easier options for first time participants.  They always welcome newcomers as any gracious host would.  They have classes through out the day and later in the evening 6 AM - 8:30 or 9:00 PM.Participants will find that each individual may be at a different place in their personal practice.  The person on your right may be a human pretzel and the person to your left may be falling all over the place.   There is no place for competition in this studio and the instructors set that precedent with their tone and explanation of the practice intention for each visit.  Judgment free zone.All in all...I'm amazed at the feeling and results that I get after each and every practice.....  It is a total connection and perfect combination of Mind, Body, and Breathing.  You leave class feeling tight and lean and your mobility is incredible.Yoga One has been with me from the very beginning of my Journey.   I've tried one or two other places....but this is my "home".   Try it out...they have great deals for newcomers.  (Wish i could take advantage of those).
5	If you are looking for a challenging yet non competitive atmosphere like some of the other yoga studios around town this is your place. I love the eclectic mix of people and feel of the studio from the start. They have 2 bathrooms with showers and 2 unisex changing rooms. In addition, there are numerous cubbyholes to store your goods. My only complaint would be the lack of bathrooms available but hey I will take that over a competitive environment when yoga is supposed to be about individual growth. As far as the classes go I am all for the hotter the better and if you want to sweat out every last toxin in your system this goal can be achieved at Yoga One. If you are pinched for cash they offer a community class everyday for five dollars usually at off peak hours. Don't be fooled the community classes will challenge you as much as the regular priced classes. Every Sunday they offer a deep stretch class at 6:30 PM for those that need more of a stretch than yoga. I recently started taking the level two classes with Daniel and I can say he sure gives you a new challenge to take on each week. I just wish they offered more level two classes. They also have a basics class for those that are unsure about yoga in general. These classes offer basic yoga instruction without having to jump into a regular class which can be overwhelming for a newbie. In fact I wish I would have done that when I first practiced yoga. Overall I love this studio. There is a genuine inviting feel the moment you step into the studio. I challenge you to check it out if you have a penchant for yoga.
4	The *only* reason I didn't give Yoga One five stars is because it's not very easy to find. In the basement of an adorable but very busy corner just east of Uptown, I walked around the street and through the shops for about 15 minutes looking for the entrance. Not very fun when lugging a yoga mat and starting to freeze in your skimpy, thin yoga clothes.But that is my lone complaint. The stairway leading down to the studio is covered from floor to as high as a tall man can reach with colorful sharpie signatures and doodles of asanas. The entry room is a friendly clutter of seating, shoes and cubbies. A friendly face greets you and helps you with any questions about class (this particular face was also very cute). I was handed a mat towel and invited to hang out and put my feet up till the next practice began. A cozy seating area with product for sale as well as a ton of reading materials, tea and coffee for $1, two bathrooms and non-assuming decor made me want to skip a coffee shop and come back to the yoga studio to work on my writing. When the class began, everyone was chatting and picking their marked spot on the floor (thank you for the mat outlines in tape!) - the atmosphere was relaxed and you could tell that everyone was there because they loved Yoga One and they loved their practice. After doing yoga at a corporate gym for the last 2 years, the sense of community in the room was balm for the soul.The practice itself was challenging but flowed smoothly - suitable for beginners as well as more advanced students. I left exhausted, inspired, soaking wet with sweat (it's Baptiste style and done in a heated room) and with several class times scribbled on my hand for the next few days.Yoga One is moving to a bigger location just down the road with better parking and more visibility. I'll be leaving Charlotte for a few months but I can't wait to come back and practice in the new venue. Till then, I'm going to take full advantage of such a wonderful studio and family of yogis/yoginis.
5	The best yoga studio I've ever experienced, bar none.  I've been to somewhere around 10 studios, and about 7 with regularity.  I loved Bikram when I first got started in the DC area, and continued Bikram when I moved to Charlotte.  There is no comparison between Bikram and Y1's hot vinyasa classes.The studio is marvelous, with a very large lounge often supplied with fresh fruit, nuts, etc after classes.  The 5:30 classes are always packed wall to wall and it's no wonder why.  The instructors are absolutely phenomenal.  They are very motivating, very kind and very enjoyable to follow in class.It's very rare that you do the same poses in every class, the same instructor will mix in different poses from time to time.  They continually encourage exploring "new places" and challenging yourself, especially once you get comfortable doing the usual poses.  I never have trouble getting a good workout.The heat is the best application for hot yoga I've experienced, and yet so simple.  Y1 simply uses space heaters and humidifiers, and the effect is near perfect.  Never too hot of a temperature to make it painful to inhale through the nose, yet plenty of humidity to make you sweat like a pig.  I am always interested in trying new studios for yoga, but nobody else does it quite as well as Yoga One.
5	My favorite Yoga studio in Charlotte. Friendly staff and great instructors.
5	New to hot yoga and even newer to Charlotte. Yoga One is quickly becoming one of my favorite places in Charlotte. The classes here are perfect for beginners and experts alike, allowing you to challenge yourself. I've been to several hot yoga studios and this place is it. The staff is friendly and attentive and the atmosphere reminds me of why I come to practice yoga. Plus, you can't beat the scented cold towel they lay on your mat after each session (after working out in a 90 degree room for over an hour it's like heaven).
5	What a treasure! I have been doing yoga for 15 years and have practiced in four cities. Aside from Maha Yoga in Santa Monica, California  where I started my practice, this is the best yoga experience I have had in years. The setting is warm, friendly, and clean. The staff is welcoming and helpful. The instructors are terrific. What I love most though is that Yoga One has made an effort to reach more people by offering high quality and affordable yoga classes throughout the week.
5	why i love yoga one...1.  ambience - it definitely has that feel good, positive energy.  the smell of nag wafts up the stairs when you enter.  the music is always great.  maybe reggae, house, folk, hip hop...whatever...the colors are vibrant and soothing.  2.  fair prices - several months after joining with a monthly membership, the cost was reduced $14 per month.  5 or 10 visit packages were reduced as well.  they're doing well so they're paying it forward and helping people get their medicine without being taken advantage of.  what i am rewarded with by having the ability to go is never ending.3. i got my first neti pot there.  :)  my allergist never recommended it, but my yoga studio did.  shame, doctor, shame.4. awesome teachers - i feel safe.  i broke my pelvis several years ago and i require a few modifications.  the  have taken me aside to show me and assure that i'm safely positioning myself.  5.  great assistants - it is amazing to have assistants in the yoga classes who will correct postures, assist in getting deeper into postures, or just rub your back while you're in a child's pose.  6.  the chilled lavender soaked washcloths we get at the end of class.
5	Hello, beautiful space! They recently moved locations and their new facility is outstanding! (They are in the same parking lot as Family Dollar and Bistro La Bon.)Spacious entrance full of cubbies for your things besides an area full of retail. Two yoga studios, well painted, and has windows to bring in natural lighting. Nice bathrooms and showers...water fountain with special feature to fill up your water bottle (BYOB, right?!).The instructors are great and many classes offer assistants to help deepen or align your pose. The classes are music-free, which I've found to be great to help bring focus to my practice.Yes, the classes are heated. Drink lots of water and bring a towel! However, it's not too hot to make you think you're going to die (I've been in those types of classes and it was no-bueno...my body hated me for the rest of the day).They have a great introductory special and affordable monthly unlimited packages as well. This studio may be a bit of a drive for me, but well worth the extra miles!
5	BEST YOGA STUDIO EVER.  So sad that I don't live in Charlotte, so I can't go here all the time. Even considering making myself a nuisance and visiting friends in town more frequently, just to have an excuse to drop in again.   Seriously, I cannot say enough good things about Yoga One.  First, the space is GORGEOUS.  It is airy and light with enormously high ceilings and fantastic floors.  Hands down, one of the most beautiful yoga studios I have ever seen.  Second, it is impeccably well-organized.  There are racks of blocks and rows of straps and everything has a place and each place makes sense.  And because there are so many racks and rows of everything you could ever need, you don't find yourself bumping into people in a post-yoga haze (sorry, excuse me, sorry, excuse me, whoops, didn't see you there) trying to get everything back in its proper place after shavasana.  But more important than all this aesthetic and organizational nonsense: the classes are rocking and the ambiance welcoming to all.  I have been practicing power yoga for a few years (and other types of yoga for a few years before that) and Yoga One kicked my butt (in the best possible way).  That was cool.  But what was even cooler was that the class was full with people of all possible shapes and stripes.  Young people, old people, long-practicing yogis and complete newbies, and the instructor always gave options to pull it back or push it further, so that everyone could follow along at the pace that was right for them.  This was so refreshing as most power studios have one basic type of clientele -- young women that are already in pretty great shape.  And it doesn't need to be that way.  All of this is to say that, if you haven't tried power yoga yet because you've been a bit intimidated, I can't think of a better place to check it out than Yoga One.
4	I LOVE this studio!! I wish I could go everyday.  I always leave relaxed and calm.  The instructors are great teachers and helpful if you need adjusting in a difficult pose.  The atmosphere is very zen and inviting
4	I really enjoyed my visit to Yoga One. I thought the hot yoga room could have been  hotter. I noticed only a few heaters in the room. I really like the instructor - Johnna. She does a great job of explaining different positions and perfecting them. I would recommend this yoga studio to others. Very clean, neat and fun atmosphere. I really liked how they do charity work as well!
5	Best YOGA studio anywhere.  I've tried yoga in many different cities and many within Charlotte itself and Yoga One is by far the greatest, because of:1. the instructors2. the energy3. the atmosphere4. no experience required....5. ...however, you will get the workout of your life It doesn't matter if you are a beginner or if you have practiced for years. Yoga One is simply amazing.
5	I've been practicing Baptiste power yoga for six years and had the great fortune to learn at the "mother ship" Baptiste studios in Boston. When I moved from Boston to Charlotte a few months ago, I figured I would find a decent yoga spot here but that it would never compare to my experiences in Boston. Wrongo! Yoga One rocks. All of the other reviewers hit the high points--great facility (showers, lavender scented towels, enough room to move around without trading sweat with fellow yogis = yoga studio Nirvana), reasonable pricing and a great, welcoming vibe from the staff. All of that is really nice, but the true greatness here is the teachers. In the month or so that I've been going to Yoga One, I've been offered a number of meaningful insights and some really excellent assists that have helped me to deepen and improve my practice.  For me, that's the real test, the rest of the stuff is secondary. All of the instructors I've encountered are upbeat, knowledgeable, thoughtful, and clearly excited to be teaching yoga.  Finding Yoga One has been a real highlight of my move to Charlotte!
5	I just absolutely love Yoga One.  The instructors are knowledgeable, the space is beautiful and roomy, and the people are just fantastic.  This studio has more of a mindfulness focus than some others I've been to, which I love. This focus allows for an environment where I feel like I can focus on my own experience without comparing myself to others.  People at all levels will feel welcomed and appropriately challenged at yoga one.  I feel like every time I go it's like I get a work out and therapy all in one.
5	Best yoga studio!! Yogaone is a great place to practice yoga in an extremely welcoming and open environment. The instructors are absolutely amazing and help to make sure that yoga newbies feel confident.  They are extremely knowledgeable and supportive.  I will definitely be going to yogaone as long as I live in Charlotte.
5	Arguably the best studio in Charlotte.  The space is gorgeous, the instructors are amazing, and the overall vibe is just want you want in a yoga community.I don't have a set schedule of classes that I go to - i actually like to mix things up and experience new people, but I have been known to re-arrange my schedule to make it to one of Johnna or Hollace's classes.  Johnna's deep stretch is my recommendation to any athlete (or yogi) that is in need of a supplemental class to get things loose and really explore poses on a longer and more personal level.  Yoga One's commitment to Karma yoga and other events to impact the community are incredible, and are inspiring beyond yoga practice, which is the point, right?  The actual location is great, right in Plaza Midwood, with plenty of parking, and great indoor facilities/cubbies to hold your stuff, and grab a cleansing shower after class.  There are also a number of great little spots to grab coffee or food after class with your friends, so it's the perfect sweat date!
5	By far the best Yoga place I have ever been to.  I started going here before I started a new job in Ballantyne so unfortunately I don't have the time to go anymore but I DEFINITELY would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a yoga studio.They have $5 classes usually once a day.  The instructors are exceptional and the building is like stepping into a European temple.Love this place!  It's hard not to.  A+
5	I just want to say that Johnna is the absolute BEST. I had never done hot yoga before -- only YMCA yoga (not hot) and I can now never go back to Y yoga. I can't explain it, but she just guides you throughl the whole class and it's almost like this outer body experience. I have gone 6 Sundays in a row to the $5 class at 2:30.  Johnna rocks.
4	I'm hooked on hot yoga so I try to take local classes whenever I travel. I tried one of their community classes where the classes are $5. It is located in a weird shopping center (right near a Family Dollar/Dollar Shop, I may not have gotten out of my car if it was at night). But once you walk into the building it's a different world. The interior is nicely decorated. it was a good class and the teacher had a very peaceful aura. I'm used to really HOT classes (like 98+ degrees -- where I'm completely drenched in sweat after class) so the room didn't feel as hot (it was maybe 85+? degrees). I am curious to see how hot the room gets during the winter though.I give it  4 stars (one star off for location and heat), but overall a good yoga experience!
5	This is the 4th yoga studio we (my husband & myself) have tried in Charlotte and finally our search is over!  We moved from San Diego, CA 3 years ago and all the yoga studios we tried were forgetting some of the basics, like following the breath, correct positioning of poses...NOT here!  They have an assistant moving throughout class with the instructor correcting and guiding deeper or giving modifications.  No pressure for those not making the advanced poses.  They keep bringing you back to your mat and your practice.  LOVE!  This is the BEST yoga studio in Charlotte, in my humble opinion!  Try one of the $5 classes.  You won't be disappointed!
5	The hubby and I both love going to the $5 classes. The instructors are very good and motivating. I like how each instructor directs the classes differently so you are not getting the same flow each time. The lavender towel at the end of the class is worth all the pain :)
5	I can't say enough about Yoga One! The facility is immaculate, and you instantly feel a sense of calm when you walk through the front door. You are greeted by friendly staff and instructors every time you practice.  The instructors are top-notch and make the class safe and challenging for experienced yogis as well as newbies. I love this place, and that is the first time I have said this about a yoga studio in Charlotte.
5	such a wonderful yoga studio! the instructors are great, the staff friendly, and the studio so warm (literally ;) ) and peaceful. I usually go to the morning class, and I have to say, I do not believe that there is a better way to start the day. After each class I feel more alive, more energetic, but at the same time, calmer and composed too. If you've never tried yoga, then start your practice here.. it's great for beginners (like me) too!
5	I shopped every yoga studio in Charlotte before finding my yoga home. It's an amazing experience. Not easy at first, but the benefits saved my life. It became a big part of my cardiac rehab after an event which left me with chronic chest pains. Doctors were not able to "fix" me medically. Today, I live a very different life as a result of this yoga practice. Not for those overlay concerned about heat and sweating. Perfect for those wanting a healthier/bigger life. A BIG namaste to these people...
5	So I just had my first initial yoga class today & I'm so thankful I decided on Yoga One. Thankfully, their website is very user-friendly & contains so much information, I felt well informed when my boyfriend & I arrived today. YAY for $5 classes! This is a definite selling point!The outside & inside of the building is very welcoming. We were greeted by a nice young man at the reception area. He was efficient in explaining the waiver form,  where to put our shoes (which they have "cubby holes" for shoes), & showed us where the restrooms & where the class would be held.  We also picked up some grippy towels for our mats (rental: $2 - they also rent yoga mats).  There's also retail space for yogi products, snacks, & water.Upon walking into the studio, of course it was hot & humid, as we were taking one of the "all levels vinyasa classes". Upon finding our "parking spot" (tape is marked on the floor showing you were to lay your mat), we began stretching.  Sandra, the instructor, was right on time & onward down dog, warrior pose, & alllll kinds of other poses, we did.  I was a bit frustrated, since I had NO idea what all the poses were.  Sandra was very patient & came over & helped me several times.  Also, the other, more seasoned yogis didn't mind me staring at them while I was trying to mimic what they were doing. :D  Sandra really pushed us to our limits & then some!  Just when I thought I was going to pass out from the heat (hair, clothing, & skin was soaked with sweat), Sandra had us lay down & close our eyes. At that point she began bringing everyone cold, water soaked washcloths, with a nice lemon scent. HALLELUJAH! My skin was so happy!  Then, she turned on the ceiling fans...AHHHH! While the class was 90 minutes, it did go by pretty quickly. There's no time for sitting around & not posing!  While the class moves along, it's not overwhelming to where you can't keep up.Other notes: plenty of parking out front, clean facility, they provide props such as blocks & straps, showers, studio space is huge, sign up for classes online or walk-in, great pricing, specials, plenty of classes & times, & classes for seniors.If you're new to yoga, or a pro looking for other options, do yourself a favor & check out Yoga One.
5	I LOOOVE THIS PLACE!!! Its my home away from home! I cant say enough good things! Beautiful studio! Awesome staff! Killer workout! Complete mind, body and Soul experience! The lavender towel at the end ... $5 classes and community focused. You just have to try it for yourself! All I can say is I bought a living social deal for some classes somewhere else, and decided to never even use them...just because Yoga One does it for me THAT much! :) They are awesome!
5	I can't say enough about how much I love this studio. I gave the studio a try on the insistence of one of my friends who has been practicing there for a while. We tried an initial class together and the rest is history- I'm hooked! There are so many things about the studio that I love. The location is perfect in Plaza Midwood and there is ample parking. Upon walking in, there is always a friendly face to greet you at the door. Sometimes there is even a puppy face to greet you which is even better. :-) The check in process is quick and easy with a scanable key chain card. There are cubby holes to put your stuff into and plenty of areas to change, grab water and get ready. The hot yoga studio (A) is huge and beautiful! Hardwood floors and red brick walls stretching up to high ceilings. The decorations are fun and tasteful and fit with the vibe of the studio. There are parking spots for mats not uncomfortably close to your neighboring mat. There are no mirrors on the walls as the instructors coach you through looking at your body and feeling your way through a pose as opposed to focusing on how it looks. When the class is ready to begin the instructor introduces themselves and gets you started in your first pose. The instructors speak through the class re-inforcing the Baptiste yoga principles through the practice and always add so much to think about (and often laugh about) through the practice. After a short warm up (which you might be surprised is just a warm up) they start the class with an "Om". This was new to me and I really wasn't sure how I felt about it at first, so I didn't do it the first few classes which wasn't an issue at all. Everyone is focused on their own practice so you're very free to go where you want to in your practice. Next the flow sequence begins. It's challenging, hot and rewarding. Coming from a studio that heated their room to 105-110 degrees, I love the temps being between 95-100. Hot enough to warm up the muscles and get a good sweat going, but not so hot that it's distracting. Each class is different. Different instructors bring a different experience to each class. Surprisingly I found that I enjoy the 90 minute classes the most and there are certain instructors that I will happily rearrange my schedule to make their class. (Daniel, David, Sally, Liz....) Each class offers a wide variety of options for your practice from modifications to poses to moving into advanced poses. Where you bring your practice is up to you and there is no judgement regardless of what you decide! Sometimes I'll move into side crow from chair twist, other times I'll happily sit in chair twist and regardless of what I do I feel great about it. The instructors are encouraging and never fail to challenge you to push your limits. They emphasize matching breath with movement and proper pose aligment. They and the assistants are happy to come over and help you in any pose. Oh the assistants- one of the best things about Y1! Each of the assistant in class (from one to three!) is specially trained to come around and assist you in your poses. Each assist feels like a mini-massage and is just wonderful- not to mention helpful to find your place in a pose. :-) Ending the practice with Savasana the lights are turned down, the fans turned on and a cold lavendar washcloth set at the top of your mat to place on your face (or whereever you like) to assist with cooling you down. I've taken the 60minute, 90 minute and deep stretch classes and enjoyed all of them. I'm very excited to start taking the Wednesday night foundational classes to become more acquainted with proper pose alignment. They also offer fantastic workshops- seems to be every weekend and other group activities. I love their committment to the community and local charities. Can't think of anything negative to say! (Unless you talk to me the days that I'm so sore I can barely move- but even then I feel great!!)
4	So, I will admit it, I was being a yoga studio whore for a minute when I first moved to Charlotte. I tried out quite a few studios, and really like them all, but felt like something was missing. Someone asked to me go to Yoga One with them in October and I have been hooked ever since. First, I love the different classes that they offer and as much as I grumbled about it when it happened, they change the times of the classes after the first of the year to switch things up and make classes accessible to everyone. They have beginner classes that are helpful to even the most advanced yogi's, everyone can use a refresher course. They offer a Foundations class- which in my opinion is the most undervalued class that they have. I learned so much about the different poses that dramatically improved my practice every time I went to a class. Instructors- All the instructors are great here, but they are so diverse and different in personality and teaching style, you will definitely find one that fits you. For example, I prefer to end my work week on the mat on Friday nights with Fauna and deep stretch the week's tension away. Tuesday- I like to let it begin with Stephanie for 90 minutes and Thursdays, I like to stay inspired with Rian. All the instructors are so nice and helpful, which is why I continue going to Yoga One. The environment is super open and relaxing and they are always willingly to help, adjust or correct you. I am so happy I have found Yoga One!
5	Yoga One's studio is gorgeous. The primary room is huge so even when the class is very full, you still have space for your mat.Be prepared to sweat. I never went to a class that didn't leave me drenched. The classes typically have you hold postures for a good bit of time and I never found the sequencing to be complex (there are other studios in town with that focus). Their classes will get you focused on your alignment and will help you detox like crazy.
5	Got a recommendation to go here when I moved here a few weeks ago. Currently on the $31 for 31 days.. And I'm in love with the studio. Having the assistance help adjust is huge, there's plenty or room for mats, temperature is hot and humid.. I could go on. Absolutely love this studio.. I was considering jumping to a few studios when my new client special is up.. But I may just stay here...
5	I think all of the four and five-star reviews are dead on. I really enjoy taking classes at Yoga One. I have taken the hot yoga as well as cool flow classes and they are amazing. The instructors and their assistants are wonderful and really help me maximize my flexibility and overall practice. Although small, the restroom/showers are really nice and I can get ready for work with ease after my practice. Overall, great studio!
5	By far my favoriate yoga studio in Charlotte. Yoga One brings you more of a spitiural relaxing practice. No mirrors, always assistance in large classes, a beautiful inviting warm space. Most of the instructors are amazing, one was a lil annoying because ppl kept asking to turn on the fans & she would not. Overall, this place is my chruch. when I leave, I feel like I got a great workout, balanced, calm, relaxed and like i just left the steam room at the spa. The benefits are amazing.
5	Yoga One rocks. Doesn't matter if you are a total newb or seasoned yogi. This is the place to practice. For the seasoned yogi: Check the class calendar online at y1now.com and pick a class. Get there a little early to secure your favorite spot. The sense of community at y1 rocks. Everyone I've met has been really great. My favorite class is the heated Baptiste Power Vinyasa Yoga. I always leave drenched. My favorite instructor was Daniel McAll. He rocks. For the newb:Don't worry! I'll admit I was a Yoga newbie when I first stepped through the doors of Yoga One. I came at the recommendation of a girlfriend who practiced here. I'm so glad that I gave it a shot! You really don't need anything to give it a try. Just wear comfy athletic clothes and bring a bottle of water! They have mat and towels to rent. When I first walked in I saw the smiling faces of the staff ready to help. I told one of the ladies that I was new and I wanted to take a class. She explained the rates and had me fill out some short paperwork to get me in their system. They offer walk-in rates, which are $15 per class. Or for new students, they offer an intro deal for 31 days of practice for $31. They also offer a ton of $5 classes too! Great option for those that don't want to commit to one month.The space is beautiful. It is a bit on the small side but they fit a lot into it without making it feel too cramped. They have a retail space that sells everything you could want, from mats and towels to clothes. They sell snacks and drinks too. The main (heated) room is large and easily accommodates many yogis. I appreciate the tape on the floor to show you where to park your mat. It keeps everyone lined up nicely. Grab a spot and stretch out. They have blocks and straps for everyone to use. The classes usually have at least one assistant that walks around adjusting your form. You can really feel a difference when the tweak your body. Don't worry about being sweaty! Everyone is and no one cares. These classes will have you sweating. I've practiced with many different instructors and I definitely had my favorites. I would seek out there classes specifically which is easy to do on their website. Consider taking the 11 week foundations course. It'll really help with your practice. The studio is tucked in the back of parking lot. Look for Bistro La Bon and Family Dollar. Parking is never a problem. Some classes are more crowded than others but I always felt like i had enough space. The bathrooms are small but there are changing rooms in the hall and in the front. Use those to change and leave the stalls open for the well hydrated yogis!
5	I can't say enough good things about Yoga One.I'm a relative newcomer to all things yoga, but this place got me hooked.  The people who work there, both at the front desk and the teachers, are fantastic and extremely nice/helpful.  The community of people who practice there are as nice and cool as you'll ever hope to find.  The classes are awesome.  I leave feeling physically exhausted, but completely renewed, relaxed and better able to cope with the stresses of everyday life.  Highly, highly recommend Yoga One to anyone living in or visiting Charlotte.
5	Awesome place! Seeing as I am new to Charlotte, I was excited to try a new Yoga place with great instructors. The staff was super helpful and surprisingly friendly.  Ive never been in a yoga class where assistants walk around correcting forms but that actually was an added (and much needed) bonus. The other attendees in the class were also friendly, which helped me feel more comfortable. YogaOne is one place I would definitely recommend to any Yogi. Only one word of advice- You must bring a towel as you will be drenched after wards LOL!I will be attending again very soon.
5	went here as a newbi yogi and was a little nervous. when I walked in the door I was immediately impressed. the people at the front counter were super sweet and not in the least bit judge mental (which I was afraid of being a newbi). I walked into class excited and ready and the teacher did not disappoint. their assistants are helpful and really want to help you. you can really feel the sense of community when you go there and I love it!!
5	I've been going to Yoga One for years now - since before they changed studio locations.  I love this place.  The facilities are excellent, clean, and inviting.  Pretty much every single staff member and instructor is competent and friendly.  Although I have never taken part of the teacher training courses or their special yoga events and vacations, I've heard only fantastic things about them.  Most classes are a Baptiste vinyasa flow, which goes at a vigorous pace.  The main practice room is very large with excellent circulation, no mirrors, no music.
3	A very friendly atmosphere and fellow yogis. I really wanted to like this place. But the unnecessary intense heat got to me. Internal heat is what one should rely on to warm up the body. Not forced. But to each their own. I was focusing more on trying to not slip out of my asanas and not getting light headed than focusing on my drishti. There was barely any adjusting or good pose step by step instructions from the instructor. If you were a beginner you would have no clue what the poses were unless you looked up and saw what everyone else was doing. The teacher also didn't let you know modifications were an option. I felt the class was very militant formatted instead of a natural power flow and power vinyasa class should be. A few minutes after class I suffered a massive heat headache, so I don't think this would be my first go-to spot for a hot yoga practice next time I'm in the area.
5	The very best!
5	My first time to this class was amazing. First of all they have showers now that was a deal closer for me. They are supper clean with a wonderful staff and good energy. They also gave the entire class a wet cold towel that smelled like lavender. I would tell everyone who is looking for a great yoga place to give this place a try. You will be amazed at what a great studio it is. Its also nice and big.
5	Starting coming here for "hot yoga" 2 months ago and love it! Friendly and helpful yoga teachers! Calm and tranquil yoga studio! Clean and sanitary! Check the schedule on the website because they offer 12-$5 classes a week! I'm a regular!
5	I couldn't be happier with Yoga One! I have tried a few different yoga studios throughout Charlotte, but couldn't find one that felt right. After not being able to find a studio for me, I had all but given up on yoga and mainly stuck to just running. After a half marathon left me with some aches and pains, I decided to give yoga a chance again and ended up a Yoga One with their $31 new student unlimited month pass - I've been hooked since that first class. When I first arrived, the woman at the front desk made me feel completely at ease and gave me a brief tour. The main heated room was much larger than other studios I had been to and while full, there was plenty of room for everyone in class. At first I was a bit surprised that there were no mirrors or music, but this is what I now love the most. The lack of music and mirrors makes me focus on my own thoughts, breath, and practice. The instructors and assistants are great. While I didn't think that I would enjoy having an assistant helping me with moves, I've found this to be invaluable to getting deeper into poses and to correct poses that I was doing incorrectly. Now that my new student membership has expired, I will be purchasing monthly automatically recurring membership. I'm so glad that I found this studio!
5	I have been to several different studios in Charlotte and Atlanta. Yoga One is by far my favorite. I really enjoy the style and the fact that I feel I'm getting a good workout, not just sweating like some other hot studios. One of my favorite things is that there are always other teachers assisting and you never have to wonder if you are doing something correctly. I'm hooked and will definitely keep coming!
5	I made a last minute decision to attend a $5.00 class on a Friday morning and I am so glad that I went. I am not at all surprised that this yoga studio has such fabulous reviews. I also have to share my love for this studio via Yelp!The studio is gorgeously decorated and clean, and the staff are incredibly kind.As a newcomer to hot yoga, I had a vague idea of what to expect; however, I never anticipated how much I would love it. The class I attended was about 98 degrees. I normally don't care very much for heat and humidity; however, I became accustomed to it and began to absolutely love how much I was sweating. The instructor had an assistant who traveled the room helping people with various poses. I really appreciate the help of the assistant and it is obvious that the assistant and the instructor are knowledgable. A cold lavender scented washcloth awaited students near the end of class-how lovely is that!?I felt very welcome as a new girl in the studio and after my first class, I immediately purchased the $31 monthly unlimited deal that they offer newcomers. I am sure I'll be coming back after that first month too.
5	Beautiful, clean, large studio - teacher was Sandra & she was great!  Staff very friendly.  Definitely a Hot, Power Yoga Class if that's what you're looking for.
5	I've been going here long enough now that I have learned a few more great things about the Yoga One community that I really need to share.1.  Yoga One opened a University location on May 31, 2014!  It is also a very lovely place to practice!  The same fabulous teachers and assistants are now teaching at both locations!2.  Yoga One uses a really great app called MindBody that you can download to your phone and sync the schedule with your Yoga One account.  It counts how many class credits you have, your history of classes attended, and allows you to sign up for classes, add them to your calendar or cancel if you aren't able to attend.  I'm a girl on the run; however, this app allows me to always make sure that I make time for Yoga One!
5	Love the teachers love the new location (been going off and on since opening original location) - takes a bit to get used to heat but once you do...your practice will take off!
5	I will forever call Yoga One Wellness off Central and Pecan the best yoga studio in Charlotte for its mind, body, spirit connection as well as offering a kick-butt fitness experience. Classes are hot yet they allow me to go deeper into my practice and one of the many reasons I love Yoga One. Some teachers are amazing - namely Dave, Rian, Daniel and Sally and others are quite good. I am going on 5 years of practicing at Y1 (as well as other local studios) but can still say Yoga One deserves a 5-star rating. Try it out (no experience needed!) :) p.s. My one request is that instructors call out the advanced pose options more often which I believe has lessened over time.
5	Love the $5 90minute class on Saturdays!Yoga One is a great studio with some awesome teachers. I love their longer classes, and the $5 drop in Saturday class or the $5 Sunday, Karma Yoga class where your money goes to a charity!I'll be coming here often!
4	I've been to my fair share of yoga studios in Charlotte and Yoga One is by far my favorite. Many hot yoga studios crank up the heat like they are in competition for the hottest facility in the city but Yoga One keeps the room hot but not 'holy hell am I going to pass out?!' hot. They do two $5 classes every day, which is awesome for the broke yogi : ) And appreciate that they always have an assistant in the room as well. You don't have to worry if your pigeon looks like a dying bird as the teacher or assistant will be around to adjust and help you out. Plus, the main thing that really sells me here is that you have enough time to get in a pose and feel it's effect before moving to the next pose - I get so frustrated when I just get in a pose and a teacher tells me to switch and then switch again and here's 4 more moves although you aren't through the first two - that's just not effective yoga right there and if I'm gonna sweat my lady balls off, I'd like to at least know the class is doing something for me. Only negative that comes to mind is I'd like more option for shorter classes - while 1 hour classes are offered, they are typically in the early morning or afternoon so that's a no go for me (damn boss wanting me to come to work instead of yoga). The night classes are all 75 or 90 minute classes which makes it hard to do much else afterwards before bed. I'd definitely increase my attendance if shorter classes were offered after 5pm. Otherwise, great studio. Great teachers. Friendly staff. And if you sign up for auto renew each month, it's less than $90 a month - awesome price for unlimited yoga.
4	I normally do Bikram and run but I like trying other forms so while I was visiting Charlotte, I stopped in for a class. The studio was hard to find but fantastic. It's hidden away in the strip mall/industrial complex. I did a 60-minute class and it kicked my butt. The class was tough but the teacher was funny and animated. I've now tried a bunch of other studios that have similar offerings but none have been as enjoyable and hard as this one. Totally fine for beginners and super yogis.
5	This place is fantastic! I'm no Yogi but, to me, if you're looking for a great Yoga studio in Charlotte, this is a place to visit. Right off the bat, it is so eclectic and welcoming. The interior is very cool, there are great clothing items or yoga mats/towels for purchase, and someone is always smiling behind the front desk. The facility is great, the studio is large, the bathrooms are nice and clean, and there is a ton of storage space for your stuff. Once upon a time I seriously hated Yoga. The whole 'hold Warrior-facing-the-sun-with-your-arms-somehow-wrapped around-your-body for three minutes' was so far from up my alley, its not even funny. However, I was invited to a Vinyasa Flow class one morning, I reluctantly showed up, and now I go two to three times a week. I particularly love this class because it is a great compliment to Crossfit (which I do daily, so a nice stretch is much needed) but after perusing their full list of classes, I saw that there is something for everyone. Whether you want quick flow or long hold, a heat box or fans on, a 20 minute meditation to an hour class to a 90 minute class, there seems to be a number of options that can fit what you're looking for. Also, at the end of class they give you a cold lavender towel for your forehead and its wonderfully amazing - I want all of my towels to be like that - maybe even my entire house!I have had the pleasure of taking classes with three different instructors and they have all been fantastic and so knowledgable. Truthfully, they could be saying completely fake words and I'd have no idea, but, I'm pretty sure they are all just very well trained and LOVE what they are doing. It makes it much easier to take a class from someone who truly loves what they are instructing. On top of that, if you dont want to commit to a membership, they offer a good amount of FIVE DOLLAR (seriously, just $5) classes for non-members. It is a ridiculously great deal. Whether you're a beginner, like myself, or an experienced yogi, check this place out, there's room for everyone!
3	My main complaint is that often times this studio is too hot ...... I love yoga and I understand the concept of the heated room, but in a vigorous power vinyasa class, 105+ degrees is simply too much and it is easy to get overheated.  I also feel like the classes move too fast and are a bit militant, though this depends a bit on which instructor.  The classes are advertised as "all level," and I consider myself a solid intermediate level yogini, but with certain instructors here I have trouble moving through the poses quickly enough to keep up.  The studio is spacious and nicely decorated.  Yoga One is pretty affordable and has lots of classes every day and I do appreciate the convenience of that.
4	Yoga One for yoga fun?!  Yes, please!I'm relatively new to the yoga scene, but this place made for an excellent experience.  As a result, I'll likely return.The staff is friendly and the instructors are knowledgable.  The facility is clean and well maintained.  There's a place to store your shoes, etc. while in class and shower stalls to use after class.   I took a hot yoga class and both the instructor and co-instructor were circulating the room giving tips and offering encouragement.  Newbies and yoga pros alike were treated just the same.  They would help to reposition you if necessary and wouldn't judge someone for needing to momentarily take a basic pose in efforts to regroup.I did have to wait a while for a shower after class.  There was a surprising number of men in the hot yoga class (18 to be exact), and there are only 2 shower stalls available in the men's restroom.  Once I was able to get showered up I found it to be somewhat of a waste since the room was so humid.  I was immediately soaked in sweat as soon as I stepped out of the shower.  I'm sure the humidity was due to the heat permeating from the room across the hall that hosted the hot yoga session.  However, fans or better ventilation in the restroom area would help.  I dislike being hot and felt the need to make my exit quickly after that.  That, alone, is my only reason for not rating these guys a full 5 stars.  In the event I take another class besides hot yoga, I'll try the showers again.  Should I have a similar experience, I'll simply wait and shower at home going forward.  Either way, it wouldn't stop me from taking future classes there.  I'd recommend this place to any yoga junky!
4	Got "take a class at YogaOne" off my 2014 resolution list just in time.Despite never feeling victorious after a work-out unless I am pouring with sweat, when done I can't stand it for longer than 2 min. Thus while I love 90 degree days, I can't stand sweaty yoga. Still, knowing YogaOne is the 'la bella figura' of yoga in Charlotte, I got to it. Took the Sunday afternoon $5 90min class.It's a 5-star yoga compound in there.Beautiful everything....showers, bathrooms, little amenities. The front desk staff is enchanting. Hardcore yogis everywhere. YogaOne should become it's own municipality of Charlotte. YogaOne County.Why 4 stars? Not for the crowding, which is a testimony to their well deserved popularity. Not even for the sweaty foot to the jaw I averted from the ambitious yogi next to me. What I absolutely detested was the speed at which the Instructor moved us through the poses. WTF! Is this yoga or pilates? Towel, mat, toes, and everything else, soaked. I hated it, but loved YogaOne for everything except the aforementioned.  Thank You YogaOne :)
4	If you're an undisciplined yogi, in terms of lackadaisical regular attendance, consider Yoga One.  I got reeled in by attending a handful of $5 dollar classes and signed up for the $31 for 31 days program early in 2014.  There's nothing in life that compares to closing your eyes and laying down on your mat completely wiped out, in complete silence, with a lightly lavender-scented cold towel resting over your face. It's addicting, that feeling.  Heroin for the mind, body, and soul.  Only "used" for three months, because my work schedule got in the way of the yoga classes I wanted to attend.The morning classes were best.  Not overcrowded like some of their other classes, which also made it feel like hot yoga not burn-my-face-off yoga.  Don't feel intimidated by how experienced everyone is in the am classes, just go with the flow and focus on your form.  Damn, it's even soothing just writing about the morning yoga sesh.  I'd finish this review, but....namaste.dmo out.
5	Absolutely amazing studio. Great decor, very hippie dippie, Indian, earth tones, love it.  The main yoga studio is huge, clean, and decorated in very warm colors. I took a Deep Stretch 90 minute session yesterday and have nothing but amazing things to say about the instructor.I WILL be back. Great spot!
