4	We went to Apostrophe for an event recently, and I thought it was a lot of fun.  Their cocktails are expensive ($12-14 each) but the glasses are much larger than a usual martini glass, with a nice substantial stem to hold.  The martini list is extensive for sure, and it looked as thought hey had wine and beer as well.  I had a Woo Woo and a Flirtini.  The Flirtini was really good, but the Woo Woo got a little sickening-sweet halfway through.  My husband got a Root Beer Float (who knew 3 Olives made a Root Beer vodka?) that was amazing, and also a strawberry lemonade that was really good too.  On this Saturday night, there was a DJ, who was playing very loud music. It was enjoyable music, and people were dancing, but since there were 2 events there, it was difficult to hold a conversation.  It was definitely an enjoyable crowd, great drinks and music, but we left eventually because we couldn't hear each other talk and everyone was just Twittering on their phones.  It's *like* talking, right?  I will definitely go back for drinks and dancing, just don't expect to carry on a conversation!
2	Drove by one Saturday night after 11 pm with the intent of stopping in to check it out but didn't go in because the doors were wide open and they were blaring hip hop.  I'm too old and deaf already for that scene...
3	I went to Apostrophe a few months after it opened and I was hoping for a little bit "more". The drinks were great - I drank some type of pineapple-y martini, but my oh my were they pricey. $14 for a martini is Chicago/New York pricing...a little steep for Charlotte in my opinion.The music was a little loud when I was there 7 pm, but nothing too obnoxious. The interior is nice, albeit a bit dark. I'll like to go back a bit later in the night and while they are hosting some type of drink special!
1	Stopped by on a thursday night, and it was EMPTY!! All but 2 guys sitting at the bar. We didn't even bother to stay.
4	After avoiding this place for months, me and my girlfriend decided to try it out again because our friend worked there & we were able to get free drinks all night. Well, it was an "oldies night' so no new-school music was played. I'm 21 so that was new for me. The place wasn't packed(but more people than the first time I went!) But let me tell you, we had a BLAST!! Maybe it was the drinks, or maybe it was the fact that everyone around us was having a ball. No one was stuck up, or being a wall flower, they were all just having a really good time. We danced to almost every song, ones that we knew and didn't know.Yes we were feeling pretty nice, but the atmosphere was very relaxing, upbeat and positive. I would def go again in the near future(free drinks or not).
3	This place is the definition of hit-or-miss. The last time I went, it was a hit, thanks to my extremely rowdy friends! We were well lubricated thanks to the Common Market / Gin Mill / Amos trifecta, and were ready to get our dance on. The crowd was mostly people in their 30's, which was completely fine by us. We rolled in, ordered shots, and proceeded to get off the couches and on the dance floor. I'm not exactly sure how long we danced - guess is approximately an hour - but we were done with this place afterwards, and dipped. The place served its function, but I think that drink specials and more diversity in the crowd would help tremendously!
4	I have been to Apostrophe maybe twice before I moved to Charlotte usually during the spring and summer . I'm not much of winter go out type of person but had some friends in town and wanted to show them a good time . It was odd they had all of the seats/booths roped off, I mean more than usual. They do have VIP or reserved sections but it seemed like every booth was reserved that night. There were a few people on the dance floor but not a lot , maybe it was just the vibe that night but it wasn't as lively as I expected. I have heard others say that during the week it's a nice chill spot to go have a drink hang out so I think I will give it another try.  I'm giving them 4 star's based off my previous experience only, maybe it livens up a bit more in the summer.
