4	Mosaic was such a pleasant surprise!You know that sinking feeling you get when you walk into an expensive restaurant only to find pounding music and a crowd more worried about style than substance? That's what I was expecting when my husband told me we were going to some 'fancy' place in "Scottsdale."But I was totally wrong. This beautiful restaurant, surrounded by the desert and Pinnacle Peak, was quiet, romantic -- and yet laid-back. First, let's start off with the wine list. It was enormous, containing   wines from well-known wineries, as well as from smaller ones. It notes wines that are organic or grown using sustainable agriculture, etc.In addition to meat and fish entrees, the menu offers a wonderful vegetarian dish for each course, which included choices like a potato, saffron and parsnip soup and a salad that had fennel, endive and olives.For our main course, my husband had some entree of kangaroo loin and ostrich. While I, personally, couldn't really stomach the thought of him eating a kangaroo, he said it was delicious. I was surprised to see they actually had a tofu dish as an entree, complete with barley, gourmet mushrooms, veggies and a great sauce. Did I feel lame paying nearly $20 for a tofu dish? Yes. But was I pleased to see the chef was considerate enough to  remember vegetarians? Yes.For dessert, we shared a citrus-almond cake. It was delicious. Absolutely delicious.I'd highly recommend this place. It's pricey, but with it's slow-food focus and its creative meals, it's one of those rare places that you feel is actually worth it. Also, the food was very healthy, and we left without feeling uncomfortably stuffed.
5	(disclamer... this may be one of my most Biased Reviews ever... but don't let that stop you from going.)Randomly driving through the Moon light kissed desert night...stoped in at a resturant that I knew the family that built it...but had never gone there... Worried that I hadn't planed for dinning at anything more fancy then the Cave creek Coffee company... I was afraid of dress code... I fist enterd and was ready with sevral excueses and lies to try to get in ... they let me in with out judgeing...The Best meal I've ever had... also the most expensive... (and I have eaten other places then costco and taco bell.) Sometimes you get what you pay for...had the Ocean and the vegetable tasting with wine pairings....Amazing...now mosaic may not be for you if your looking for some old southwest clasic food and Decore... but thats more of the reson why I like it...how expensive.... well its easier to share this experience then the newest Video Ipod/Itouch... but probley a little more expensiveI strongly recommended the experience to every one.now I didn't know at the time of sitting down but, I knew the Chef  Debra Knight and Rin..... but even removeing that Bias its still the best Dining Experiance I've had...
4	Went to Mosaic with Tim and Debbie.  What a great restaurant!  First off the service from the time we made the reservation until two days after was unbelievable.  The food was spectacular and the presentation was impressive.  I had a steak, Fran had Fish, Tim had a vegetarian dish.Mosaic is the total package.  Including a comfortable yet sophisticated dining room,  great views of the Desert and impressive contemporary artwork.Mosaic is the place to go for special occasions.
4	It is hard to believe that a restaurant that has been opened for 8 years has only garnered 4 reviews!!!As a foodie, I am glad to finally have experienced Mosaic. In fact, from an atmosphere point of view, I prefer it to Binkley's. Deborah Knight is an extremely talented, knowledgeable and creative chef.The quality of the food, freshness of ingredients, knowledge of the waitstaff is unsurpassed.  In fact, when I think of Mosaic, several things come to mind:- A feast for the senses-A beautiful dining room like I haven't seen- beautiful plate presentations-a cozy, intimate dining room - definitely not stuffy or pretentious.To all the foodies out there, I urge you to try out Mosaic instead of always thinking about Binkley's. You will not be disappointed!
4	Mosaic is a gorgeous restaurant in North Scottsdale, near Pinnacle Peak. I imagine that they have magnificent views of the desert and mountains when it's still light out. The dining room is pretty small, so I'd recommend reservations. If you can't get reservations, I'd caution against dining in the lounge. Although they serve the full menu there, the lounge is actually in its own room and usually pretty empty, so it would detract from the whole experience. The service here is pretty close to perfect - these are professionals, the kind of staff that's trained to stop and step aside as you walk past them, even if they're not in your way at all. The gourmet cuisine here is great - not as inventive as Binkley's, but just as well executed. The menu changes often, so I can't really recommend any particular dishes, other than the amazing Thai shrimp and coconut soup, the one dish that's always on the menu. I would not recommend ordering their foie gras, if it's on the menu. It was the only dish that really missed the mark. I've only had foie gras one other time before, at Picasso in Vegas, so I don't have that much of a basis of comparison, but the foie gras at Mosaic was way inferior to Picasso's phenomenal foie gras (my understanding is that the best foie gras should be firm, smooth, a little buttery - there's here was watery and blubbery). However, that was the only "miss" of the night, out of our many courses. For a special occasion or a splurge night out, you won't be disappointed by Mosaic's beautiful restaurant and surroundings, excellent staff, and wonderful food.
4	Tucked away on a side street off a main drag, we found Mosaic. Surprisingly fancy and expensive, with an elegant feel, almost like it's your parents kind of dining experience.Loved the different options for the tasting menus. Focus on seafood and meats. My husband loved the 'What the Foie??' appetizer which had excellent presentation. My sea scallop appetizer had a monstrous scallop that could have easily fed a family of four.Feeling fishy that night, my better half's halibut was surprisingly salty with a heavy sauce. My steak was good, but nothing special..in fact I was disappointed I'd gotten it. Extensive wine selection, Dutch cheese plate and chocolate hazelnut custard for dessert. Overall, a pleasurable meal with wonferul service and presentation, but for the price, they could really up the quality of the food. We had a dinner elsewhere a few nights later for the same cost that was much tastier from a food perspective.
4	We needed a place for a celebratory meal during our 3-day stay in Sedona and Scottsdale. Mosaic Restaurant was a terrific find, and far more, and better, than we expected. It was quiet that night so the ambiance was most like a private dining room. The food was...well, what can I say? Inventive, with amazing flavors and visual presence, perfectly prepared and a delight to savor. We had the Ocean and Vegetarian tastings which were a marvelous sampling of foods. The setting in the Sonoran desert was enchanting and the earth-tone colors and stone work blended beautifully with the desert landscape. The views were pretty wonderful as well both from the cool bar area and our dining table right by the winder where we could enjoy the desert, Pinnacle Peak and glimpses of the Four Seasons. I would go back without thinking twice.
