5	If 10 stars existed, that's what they'd get!The salon is chic and classy--the decor is visually stimulating and the stylists are rather pretty!I followed mine over from another location because he has magic fingers and is a talent to be reckoned with! He's like a good OBGYN--so amazing, he's probably not taking new clients, but if he is you're certainly going to wait! LOLHe's worth both the wait and the money...ask for Butch, he's quite masterful with the locks!
5	AAAAAAAAAAmazing. When I first came here they didn't have a Yelp page to review but even then I would still have gave 5 stars. Bomb Hair, is beautiful inside and out. Their decor is amazing. Their staff is so nice, and able to talk to you and advise you instead of just telling you. Every time I have been here, its always amazing. Im been going to Khrista, and she's azmazing. If you wanna relax, and feel amaze after come here :)
5	This is the best Salon in Vegas and its Beautiful!!! Monterey is my stylist and she is amazing!!!! This girl can do a blow out like no one else I know and she is killer with color and cuts, I highly recommend her, I get compliments on my hair Everywhere I go literally :)
5	This is the best Salon in Vegas and its Beautiful!!! Monterey is my stylist and she is amazing!!!! This girl can do a blow out like no one else I know and she is killer with color and cuts, I highly recommend her, I get compliments on my hair Everywhere I go literally :)
5	After a Major Color Correction I am officially back to blonde thanks to Marie Q at Bomb Hair! I had been using box color for several years. I was the darkest brown you could buy in a box, and my hair was looking dull and the harsh color was aging me. Marie convinced me to do the correction in phases so my hair wouldn't be (or look) damaged. Anyone who's used bleach on their hair knows that it could melt off - literally. I'm so glad I listened to her expert opinion! Today was only my fourth appointment and we achieved my desired results already! My hair is so silky-shiny-blonde and I could not be happier. Thank you Marie! You're the BOMB!
5	Go see Amber. She's beyond amazing. So chatty, so personable, and does awesome color. You won't find a better stylist!
5	I love this salon! I go to Cassie (hippydonutface on Instagram). Cassie is amazing! I have had extensions for over 5 years so I know my stuff. I get wefted extensions and they way she applies them is flawless. No stupid rubber bands and no glue. She is the best extensionist I have been to in my 5 years of wearing them. She is also super friendly and down to earth. Everyone in the salon is. They all talk to you and start a conversation. I drive 30 minutes from Henderson just to go to Cassie. Definitely worth it!
3	My experience with the stylist was definitely 5 stars. She listened to what I wanted and nailed it. Awesome cut, love it. She was also very friendly and the atmosphere was fun. However, my experience with the receptionist was 2 stars at best. She had no knowledge of prices/services when I called inquiring, she was hollering at someone while on the phone with me and then hung up on me accidentally. But I was desperate for a cut so I called back. She asked someone what the price was and quoted me $45. I came for an the appointment, loved the cut as I've said, then I get a bill for $80 :/ Stylist explained that they all have their own prices which I understand, they need to get the front desk on the same page.
5	I have been going to Rachel @ Bomb Hair for over 2 years now! I can not say enough about the entire staff.  Everyone is so friendly and helpful.  Rachel has put a few extentions in to make my hair look thicker and I love them and I have never had my hair healthier & the color is fantastic. BOMB HAIR ROCKS!
5	I love the way that Jill cuts my hair.  I have had problems with a shelf that seems to live on the side of my head for years.  I thought it was my hair.  A friend told me how good Jill was so I gave her a try.  I told her about my curse of the shelf and that was the last I have seen of it.  Thank you Jill.
5	It can be so hard to find a good hair stylist here in town, but if you go to Bomb Hair you will not have to look any further! I have been going here (both locations) for a couple years now to see Anna, my boyfriend goes to Jessica and we have always been thrilled with results! I trust Anna to do whatever she thinks will look good, and that says A LOT to a woman, right ladies?? Personable staff, great atmosphere, and QUALITY WORK! I highly recommend booking an appointment at this salon if you are looking for an amazing experience EVERY TIME!
5	I just had an excellent hair cut. Marcie was my hair stylist and I couldn't be happier! She did exactly as I asked and it turned out perfect. This is the first time I've had a perfect hair cut in a really long time. I have platinum blonde short hair and it shows every mistake. She did a fabulous cut. I love it!
5	Caroline is a color and extension God!   Check her out!  She's friendly and so talented!  She's also crazy hott so she's not bad to look at why she makes you all yumma and delicious!
