3	Spreading my oil change work around until I find the five star place, I found a coupon for Tire Kingdom and headed here. No complaints, but I'm not blown away.The customer waiting area has wi-fi and a television (tuned to Fox News).They did good work. Maybe not speedy, but good. There is plenty nearby to do while you're waiting.
2	I originally bought tires here and at the time bought a package for four tire rotations an alignment and a oil change over the course of the next year.From day one I regretted my decision. I will first start off by saying they were always pleasant to work with and always willing to fix their mistakes. But there were far to many mistakes and no extra customer service or comps thrown in for my troubles.To begin with they did not do an initial alignment as promised when installing the new tires. In addition, the balancing was done incorrectly because they used the wrong plate or something to balance it on. (I was told this on the third attempt when they went to another location to get borrow the right plate). If my car got above 50 miles an hour it began to shake violently until it got to just over 60 (Thankfully I never had to try to explain that to a cop for going 10 over). I took it back two more times before they got it right. Total of three trips. Each time was more time out of my schedule. I even tried to set an appointment and was told that they didn't make them. (I later found out this was bad info by an ill-informed rep).I took it back for a rotation but even after explaining all I had been through with them they did not take any extra care and sure enough the car started shaking again on the way home so I had to bring it back and have my wheels re-balanced. More time.I did at one point take my car back for a punctured tire. The price was very fair and they fixed it right. But they promised to call me when my car was done. After hours of waiting I dropped by (I had been out with a friend and it was on the way back). My car had been done for a while but no one notified me that I could have picked it up earlier.The guys are always respectful and friendly and the prices are fair but their attention to detail and customer service when things go wrong could be vastly improved.Someone asked where to buy tires and I told them to check other places before heading here. It reminded me that a review was long overdue.
3	The place is shown on Google maps as NTB but actually it is Tire Kingdom. They are one company but NTB has larger facilities. So, in short it is misleading and my precious tall vehicle can't fit here. It's and old facility. I wouldn't trust it leaving nice import here.
5	I called many places and ended up getting a great deal on four mud tires for my truck. The guy in the office is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. Not only was the price more than fair but they also got the work done super fast! The tires were mounted, balanced, and a full alignment and they also installed a pro comp leveling kit and I was in and out in less that two hours. GREAT SERVICE, HIGH QUALITY WORK! I will return for anything I need done. Happy Customer!
