5	As with its Chinatown location, this place is just delicious. I highly recommend any of the hot buns (go early before they sell out), though many of the cold ones are pretty wonderful too. The bubble tea is ok. The cakes look FANTASTIC, though I have sadly not tried one yet. This location is great for poor students looking for quality cheap eats in the neighbourhood. This location is decidedly NOT good if you frequent Le Gym, which is right next to it. If this is the case, I suggest using the other exit so as to resist the inevitable temptation that will occur each and every time you pass this place...
2	This review is just for the bubble tea.  I looked at the other stuff and nothing really called to me, so I skipped straight to the bubble tea.  It wasn't all that impressive, and it was a little pricy.  The tapioca was not as fresh as it should have been.  All in all, Patisserie Harmonie is not somewhere that I think I would return to.
4	Dear America, Get a clue!How can we NOT have a bun bakery? How evil is such a thing...coming out of the gym at Concordia, smelling the buns, going into Coco and then presented with the daunting task of....what to get?Each bun is anywhere from like $1-2, huge, cool or warm and delicious. I myself am a fan of the hot buns stuffed with curry, hot dog, chicken, omg you name it! Also, if you get 6 buns or more there is no tax, so just DO it. The concept is cute too. You walk in, grab a tray and tongs, fill er up and then bring it to check out...CASH ONLY!
3	This place literally smells like heaven and has ANY pastry-dough concoction you could ask for, as well as bubble tea. It's a smart concept and has a great system where you pick up some tongs and a tray, fill up on what ever you'd like, then take it to the counter and pay. It's located in the Guy-Concordia metro, so amidst all the human traffic it tends to get easily noticed.BUT, I feel like everything there is 80% dough-bun based and 20% filler.
4	It was pure luck that I found Cocobun after exiting the metro. I was hungry, and could use a snack, and the smell of hot pork buns coming from the entrance was too much to resist. And there it was! A Japanese style pastry shop hidden in a Montreal subway station. It was too good to be true. I picked out a couple of pastries, a pork bun, and some mochi to take home for later. And it was all so cheap, just about $1-2 dollars each for everything. It was so good I came back here the next day too.They have tongs and trays at the entrance to help pick out and carry your pastries, so thoughtful!
2	Usually the prices are good and the buns are decent, but last time I found a hair in my cream-filled pastry, aren't they required to wear hairnets?
4	I love this place, from the time it opened as Harmonie until today as Cocobun. I'm rating 4 stars because they not only offer the biggest selection of sweet and savory buns (bao), but cookies, pastries, and bubble teas. Sure, maybe not everything I've tried is 100% the way I like it, but I've never had anything bad, and the counter girls have always been patient when I'm trying to decide which drink to get. I appreciate that it's conveniently located in the metro, so I can grab something on my way to or from my destination. I'll miss their chocolate buns when I go back to NY *sad face*
5	This review is for the buns. I tried the BBQ bun, sausage roll, ham and egg roll and they are by far the best chinese buns I've had. The buns had a good bun to filling ratio. This is coming from someone who grew up on Chinese buns from a variety of Chinese bakeries. I really enjoyed the heated display cases they have for the meat filled buns.The red bean paste filled "pineapple" bun is also delicious. It is a bit on the heavy side but that is due to the nature of the bean paste.  The green tea roll with red beans were also a nice touch.The bubble tea is way subpar, so stick to the baked goods at this place.bottom line: Solid buns, stay away from the bubble tea.
5	Yo these are the best Chinese buns I've ever had in Canada. There's a french twist on Hong Kong classics, like a hot dog in a flakey pastry. The red bean bun is amazing and packed. I would avoid the bubble tea though. It's kind of tasteless. We came to MTL for the Osheaga music festival, and bought 4 buns a person each day. I've been eating HK bakeries my whole life, and this is the first time I've bit into a bun and thought to myself "cot damn."
1	Kinda pricey ... I suggest you guys to go to Chinatown's Harmonie , which is the same store but less expensive ...
3	This is the largest Cocobun of the Chinese bakery chain. The buns and rolls taste just like any other stores, and they have more varieties as well.I am quite disappointed to find out that they no longer make any fresh buns after 7pm, especially the hot ones which require the oven to keep them warm. It's located near Concordia, you always have hungry students trying to grab a bite after 9, so please make more.The bubble tea was alright, but the lady who makes it was just busying chatting with the cashier instead of making my drink...The buns are noticeably more expensive than Chinatown's as well. Again, cash only unless you spend more than 5$.
5	For what it is, this place gets a full 5 stars. It's a bakery that sells hot buns, dessert buns, and pastries/cakes for cheap. While there have been a few misses for me, there haven't been enough for me to write this place off or take a star away from it.If you're near guy concordia metro early in the morning (before 10), you'll be lucky enough to find their signature coconut bun. If you're there for 830ish, you'll also get em' hot! These typically sell out quickly because it's one of their best breakfast buns that's also less than 2$. Cocobun opened for my last two years at Concordia and I can't tell you how many times I would stop here for a quick lunch or snack. For less than 5$, I could get 2 hot buns and a dessert bun. If you're hungry and buy six buns, there's also no tax. Solid choice for those looking for a snack or quick bite. They're also easy to hide in your pocket if headed to the SGW library ;)
3	I'm not sure that there are any great Chinese bakeries in Montreal. Not like the ones in Toronto or Vancouver anyway. This one is decent though. I'm glad there are bakeries like this in parts of downtown Montreal that isn't in Chinatown. It's easier for me to go here than to make my way to Chinatown on my lunch break. Plus it's right in the metro so it's quite convenient!
5	There is not a lot of bakeries where you can buy a huge, filling pastry for $1.50 + taxes. Totally worth the visit. They also make fabulous bubble teas! There are also mooncakes, which are pretty uncommon on this side of the globe. And the thing that keeps me returning again and again is the staff's smiles and contagious happiness behind the counter. I think this is what makes the whole place filled with a special positive energy ! :))
