4	The gelato is good. Too sweet to be called traditional (I am told) but still good. The staff is a little spacey and fun. For example: the guy running the counter does not know how to prepare most of the gelato based desserts except Tartufo and spaghetti gelato.Plus you can't argue the price. $5 for a double scoop os good in my books.Oh and SAMPLES!!!
4	I was about to head into work one morning when my stomach started grumbling. I knew it! I should've made breakfast on the way out. I looked around and saw that a flashing Open sign at Whole Lot-a Gelata. From what I remembered, this place only had gelato. Amazing yummy gelato. I thought, what the heck, I'll get this place a try.I walked in around 8:30am and there were already several small groups of businessmen, huddled around for coffee. Seems like a popular place to be. To my surprise, the place does have a breakfast menu, mainly paninis and sandwiches. I ordered a breakfast panini - tomatoes, cheese and pesto. Unfortunately the 'bun man' was running late and they didn't have any panini bread. The staff who took my order apologized profusely and offered to substitute for a bagel instead. It was a nice touch that she didn't yell over the counter and walked up to me instead. It didn't take long for the breakfast bagel to be served to me. The bagel was toasty hot and the cheese was melted to perfection. Since I had a sesame-seed bagel, the top was very crispy and the aroma definitely came through. The pesto sauce was zesty and absolute delicious. Best part of it, all that goodness for only 3 bucks!Despite being so early, the staff there were very enthusiastic. Since I had to wait for a bit, I got the chance to see how the staff interacted with their customers. For a few of the regulars, the staff practically had their coffee ready by the time they walked up to the counter.I will definitely be back for more quick breakfasts.
4	What else is better than being downtown in a beautiful city, on a hot day, with a cup of awesome gelato in your possession, nothing.  After enjoying a fab lunch at Sabletine, we walked down to Whole Lot-a Gelata for a treat.  This place is huge and they also have an upstairs seating area as well.  i was impressed with the selection, i ordered one of my faves which is the candied ginger.  Usually they are pretty timid with the amount of ginger they use, but not these guys, it was spicy, and so creamy.  My sis had the same but she got a little bit of mixed berry on top, and it complimented the heat from the ginger.  We also had the skor, and it was chocolately, and loved the caramel.  usually people think that gelato can be kind of bland, and they choose ice cream instead, i was really satisfied with how much flavour their gelato packed.I can not wait to come back on a sizzling day in the summer for another treat.
