5	Come support our locals! Serving American food fresh to order. Come hungry! The Split-V8-Plate includes a beef dog and hamburger patty topped with homemade chili, home fries (thinly cut potatoes), homemade mac salad and buttered french bread. Yes, all so gooood and flavorful! Service is impeccable! Jake and the chef are very personable and friendly. They will take care of you while you're there. Come fill up and go home happy!
5	This place is fantastic. The minute you walk in you know you're in for something special. The decor is really hip with bright colors and old school pictures hanging on the walls. The chefs greet patrons as they walk in. The food is prepared right in the front of the house using local, fresh ingredients. Each menu item is unique and carefully planned. I had the Rivera breakfast sandwich with homemade chorizo. Absolutely delicious. The coleslaw and pico de gallo really set it apart from any sandwich I've had before. It's easy to see how much care the owners have put into every detail of the menu. We will certainly be back.
5	The other reviews for this place are spot on. We have lived in North Las Vegas for years, and we live moderately close to Jake's, but we never noticed they were there, not sure when they first opened, but we know where they are now.Small dining room, but there is an option for drive thru as well. My wife and I, along with our two year old daughter, and my wife's sister, all ate here on 1/10/14. The moment we entered the building we were greeted by Brutus from behind the counter, he was very friendly and seated us, pushing two tables together and getting a chair for my daughter. Brutus took our order also, he was very funny and friendly.The food is wonderful. Homemade macaroni salad was great, awesome chili fries and chili burger, and even the grilled cheese sandwich my daughter got was great!The only negative comment I will mention, and it is very minor, is that they only serve bottled sodas, and I prefer fountain drinks. (Who knows, maybe they will get them some day.)Brutus and the owner both came to our table to make sure we were having a great experience, and make sure the food was good, which it was. Great food, great staff (Brutus is a great asset to the business).I would definitely recommend Jake's to everyone, you have got to check it out.
5	Welcome addition to the area! I had a coworker recommend trying this place and I just now got around to going. This morning I tried the GTO breakfast sandwich and it was very good. The GTO has nicely buttered toast with sliced ham, egg (done medium in my case), cheese then is topped off with coleslaw (for contrasting flavors) and pico (instead of boring tomatoes). Lastly the potatoes are piled with and around the sandwich as I got mine to go. The person at the counter (I didn't catch his name) stressed to me how everything is fresh and not nuked or pre-sliced or anything like that. I think it showed in the flavor and quality of my food. The flavor was very good, top notch. My only reservation about the GTO is that the onions were strong in the Pico so I'm worried about Onion breath for the time being. But all the ingredients just meshed into an ooey gooey good sandwich. Props for knowing how to cook an egg medium you'd be surprised how many so called breakfast destinations have no clue beyond scrambled eggs. Also props for the flavorful ham, cheese and especially the acidic kick of the coleslaw really completes the meal!I'll have to come back for Lunch sometime. Thanks Jake's!
5	Amazing! Their v-8 plates are huge and filling, and the burgers are homemade yep I said it HOMEMADE and ridiculously good. Really cool decor and theme to the restaurant and the owner is a so interactive with the guests while working the flat top grill. Try it you won't be disappointed this place has a great atmosphere awesome people working there and AMAZING FOOD!!! ***support  our local businesses in the area***
5	Recommended by a friend...I am glad I found Jake's Filling Station!Somewhat hiding in a small automotive business complex, it is somewhat DIAGONAL from the McDonalds across the street.It appears to be owner operated, and the staff was VERY friendly.  Don't worry, you'll get all your questions answered, checked on MULTIPLE times, and encouraged to carry conversation lol.The menu is small and concise.  The V8 plates sounded very interesting, but being a bit of a burger connoisseur, I had to try the basics before getting a little risky and trying something off the wall!  :PThe Impala ($7.49): Bacon, Fried Egg, Cheese etc. Really love the buttered bread here...Patty Melt style! The burger itself is delicious as well....GREAT choice at a solid price point...about $10 with fries.House Cut Fries ($2.29). THICK sliced potatoes cut in house and freshly fried. Lightly seasoned but tasty...I wish I saw the Chili Cheese Fries before I ordered!  I prefer fries that have the SKINS left on them, so I was happy to see these sitting in front of me :)Few notes, you order BEFORE you receive your food.  They do NOT have any drinks on tap...including WATER.  Everything is in the fridge and was around $2.I'll be back to try more of the menu!
5	Wow! 5 stars for atmosphere, friendliness, decor, and the "fried bologna sandwich." Yes, they have fried bologna sandwich. Next time, I'll try one of their unique burgers. Oh, the fries are hand cut and cooked perfectly.  The owners come around to make sure you are happy. Nice personal touch.  Love the retro look of the place. Everyone should give it a chance if you like the retro atmosphere and good old fashion customer service. Will be back again and again. Hard to see the place, just look for the big "LUNCH" sign.
5	Recommended by a friend of a friend. I'm visiting Vegas. This place not only has great service, the old school feel, and quick serving time, but the food is AMAZING!!! I have not had a burger like that since childhood! Be sure to try the Mustang GT breakfast sandwich. Everything is made fresh, never frozen.
5	I own a computer repair shop down the street, Computer Repair Las Vegas, Inc.  They brought in a card to our shop and offered a free burger and man was I glad we took them up on it.  We have been back several times and the same result, these burgers are sick good.  I told my employees that they must be putting some kinda drug int these things cause I crave them when I go home at night.  A+, keep up the great work guys !  I wish you had better signage, even when I tell people where you are, they drive by several times and can't find it.
5	Great food, really good service.I got the impala, burger with fried egg and bacon on it. Highly recommended.The burgers are big, but not overwhelming.Super American vibe, 60's cars decor and vintage diner feel.
5	Great double cheeseburger and fries.  You'll be asking your friends if you got anything on your face after each bite.  Next time I'll have to eat in and not to go.
5	Jakes is always an awesome place to eat. Food is fantastic, service is awesome. You can come in and they will remember you by name. Everything you want from a small business !!!
4	I have knocked a star off my review. I have since been in twice since my initial visit and review and as you can see by my tip about menu pricing, Jakes has some things in need of addressing. If you dine in I would recommend ordering at the counter then taking a seat. If you order at the table they use a point of sale tablet. My issue with the tablet is that pricing can be changed and three of the four items my table ordered on my last visit were higher than the menu price. Two items were just fifty cents but one $6.99 menu item was charged $9.99! The cook/waiter only stated the owner tinkers with prices and the tablet is updated. I don't like being hit with that!  The correct pricing needs to be up front on the menu!  Second, you don't know this until your card has been run at time of ordering. So, you pay up front, with no option to tip! If you don't carry cash you can't tip at this place. Oh well.Another issue to address is that each of our orders had unique items on them, but the cook superseded that and when playing just asked what we wanted...we wanted what is unique to the menu, don't shout out across the joint asking if we want lettuce and tomato! One item is meant to have pico and slaw! This should be addressed by management maybe it was just a bad day?Oh, my friends $9.99 breakfast burger (ok, he got the $3 refund), but he ordered bacon extra and the downfall of the tablet point of sale is that it doesn't remind the cook that extra items were added (disconnect!!!).Loo and behold my friend got his $2 for bacon also refunded, but he never did get bacon for his burger. Turns out he could have just ordered the Impala lunch burger which includes egg and bacon for menu price $7.99. So he could have saved money instead of $9.99 plus $2 adding bacon as charged by the tablet, are you starting to see my point?I kept four stars because this place has the best tasting breakfast in my work area!
5	The food, service and atmosphere are excellent!  If you're a burger fan an in the area, I highly recommend it!
5	Jake and his staff are the best! I refer all my people to eat at Jakes. Food is crazy good ,fresh,and satisfying. Got something for all. Our Sin City Car Council did a Cruise In for them Saturday Feb.22,2014 and we had a great time and I know a lot of  people will be returning for some of their great food. BIG THANKS to JAKE and the crew.
5	Jake's was recommended to me by a friend that just raved about how good it was so I had to try it out--IT IS GREAT! Really small inside but the clean, super friendly staff (even helped entertain my 3 yr old while we finished eating), and the food was fabulous! The menu is small but it actually is better that way because everything sounded and looked so good it was less options to confuse me :) I got the Impala burger and fries for lunch and I am still thinking about it 5 hours later. This will definitely our new burger joint!
4	Awesome fresh burgers, made by hand and cooked to a perfect medium. Fresh cut fries w/ skin on...super friendly staff. GREAT addition to NLV. Cool hole in the wall.Only minuses- no fountain drinks or free water and the ordering system is still getting ironed out.4.5 stars for the amazing burger/fries
5	Saw how many reviews jake was getting and had to give them a shot.  First off the staff is really social and friendly.  It was nice coming in there for the first time and feeling like a regular.For the food I got a something 88 burger.  Cheese burger with sausage, sauerkraut, and other items. Definitely a 2 handed burger.  I am far from a mustard fan and they snuck some in on me but it worked really well with the burger.  Fries seem to be fresh cut or at least they were just like when I'm frying up some fries at home.You guys are doing something special over there jake and the rest of the crew.
5	Great burger place!!!! Everything is made to order and they do not have a microwave or a freezer. They make the burgers by hand and homemade french fries are to die for....but don't forget to ask for their specially made fry sauce!! I had the impala burger and my hubby had the cobra!  Both burgers were amazing!!! Don't miss out on awesome burgers. The owners/chefs were fun and friendly as well! Thanks Jake and Bruce.....I will be back for more!
5	AMAZING!! The food is just great. I didn't know about this place until some of my coworkers had them. I live in North Las Vegas and I never heard of this place.  Their "The Cobra" is to die for!!!! They are in an odd location, but well worth it!!!YOU MUST GO NOW!!!!
5	Today was our first time in here. Food was amazing! The cobra burger with grilled onions was fantastic!!
3	Jake's... Well it was filling. It a small spot right off of Cheyenne and Loose. Myself and a friend went down because I saw it was new and had some good reviews so far. We walked in and started talking with the cook and his helper. They were really fun to talk to. We got some menus and ask a little advise on what to order. I got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and my friend out the Super B. I order a side of the chili cheese fries and my friend or the coleslaw, which is a little spicy. I usually don't like slaw but i would order it from them. They also has a secret sauce which was what we said a spicier version of canes sauce, which is a compliment. They also have a homemade BBQ sauce but I wasn't the biggest fan. It was kinda watery. It fell right off my pork. They also didn't have any soda machine, just bottled drinks. While eating i saw another order being prepared, BEWARE. They are still working out kinks in their ordering system. They also couldn't split the check with cash and card. Overall it was average to me, might try some other items but they don't have much of a menu.
5	Lord in heaven I can die happy now. The cobra burger was amazing. I LOVED the fresh cut fries, and holy bejesus is the fry sauce good. I'm from out of own unfortunately but will stop by ever time I come back. Try this place, it's great.
5	I was attending a training meeting on this side of town today, and saw the reviews for this place were pretty good, so I decided to give them a try. I was greeted immediately upon walking in the door by a tattooed rockabilly type manning the grill. I grabbed a menu, and started surveying what looked good. The decor was awesome, and the smells coming from the grill were awesome. The cook came over and asked if it was my first time here. I said yes, and asked him what was good. He pointed me to a few selections on the menu, and away we went. I ordered The Cobra, which was a bacon cheeseburger, BBQ pulled pork, grilled onions, cole slaw, and pickles. It came with fries, and the price was right at $10.00. The gal manning the register was very friendly and it felt like I was a regular. She had a cute southern accent and was very good with the customer service. The only downfall I can say was that it took about 20 minutes to get my order, and my lunch was only 45 minutes. It was busy, so I had to grin and bear it, as clearly this place already seemed to have a following. As the burger came out, wrapped and ready to go, and the gal bagged it with my fries, the cook, who I found out was the owner, came from behind the counter and said "Sorry for the wait", as he handed me a bottle of water from the cooler. He asked if I preferred a soda, which I declined and away I went. Now that's top notch service!!! I ate in my car, which was my plan anyways, and the burger was on point. The BBQ sauce was good, not too overpowering, the burger was good, and the cole slaw was delish. The fry sauce that was in the bag was good and it gave the fries a good taste. It only took me about five minutes to finish the burger and start the fries and I was back to the meeting 5 minutes ahead of schedule.I live clear across town by the 215, and there are several burger places in between here and Jakes, but I will be heading back in the near future!!
5	Great food and friendly employees. Definitely will be back!
5	Just wanted everyone to know that if you were a fan of Jake's, we are happy to announce that is reopening as Rocka Bills. New owners, same great fresh food. With maybe a few new twists. Can't wait to y'all.
