5	Well, the phrase: "it was worse than a root canal" is about to take on a whole new meaning, thanks to Dr Madder and his wonderful staff.No, I'm not masochistic.  I don't even like flossing, because it stings my gums.  These guys (mostly women) are that good.Let's start with the reception area.  When I walked in the front door, I was immediately greeted by a beaming Tish, who warmly welcomed me in.  She is hot, and has perfect teeth.  Go ahead; try to find a flaw with those beauties.  Tish also has a sick sense of humor.  She proved that by laughing at some of the comedic remarks I penned on my new patient form.When my time had come, Cherie escorted me back to my recliner... the recliner I was destined to spend close to 4 hours in.  Yes, this was no mere mortals visit to the dentist.  This was to be one of the greatest marathon sessions the world had ever known.  And Cherie made the time fly by.  She was attractive, witty, funny, charming, and not afraid to get down and sing to George Michael's version of Last Christmas.  Looks like somebody has a new admirer!Are you needing a cleaning?  Then Aimie will do the honors; and she rounds out our trio of beauties.  I don't know how she does it, but she makes me feel completely at ease, and she's got some pretty good stories.  Ask about the Starbucks/Trader Joes incident.  And guess what?  She called to check up and see how I was feeling after my deep cleaning.Then there was Dr Madder... a handsome young man of GQ'ish stature.  I felt like I was on the set of Melrose Place.  The Dr was skilled in the art of injections.  Had I been as accomplished with a hypodermic, I'd probably be "chasing the dragon" today.  I really appreciated how he would tell me what to expect, before doing something.  No Surprises!  That's my motto.My root canal was virtually pain free.  It went very smooth, and I couldn't have been happier.  I left with a numb tongue and an unrequited crush.  But I will return, my friends.  I will indeed return... to get my six month cleaning... and my crowns (king me baby).{04/29/08 Update} Sad news, Cherie no longer works here.  :-{
5	One of the things I really like about Yelp is that it's a handy-dandy tool when you've moved to a new city.  I've found lots of great businesses in my newest "new city" and Dr. Madder's practice is no exception.When I first read Brett B's review I was a bit put off.  I mean, I don't really look like a cast member of Melrose Place (which I never watched) and didn't want to feel out of place.  But a good dentist is a good dentist and to a kid whose mother nicknamed her "the million dollar mouth" I wasn't about to quibble.Appearances aside, these folks seem determined to make you feel welcome and cared for.  Dr. Madder is pleasant, no-nonsense and a flat-out good dentist.  Jill, the hygienist, is thorough and helped significantly improve my "pockets".  The rest of the staff is absolutely terrific as well, they are pleasant, professional and make you feel that they really care about your well-being.But the best is Tish.  Tish is an old friend.  By that I don't mean that I've known her a long time.  I mean she envelopes you in that feeling of belonging that you have with old friends and it is absolutely, 100% sincere.I whole-heartedly recommend this practice.  They do a great job on kids (mine are teens) and adults.
5	I've been meaning to write this review for a long time.  Someone started a talk thread about the lack of health care reviews on Yelp and that was the prompting I needed.Dr. Madder and his staff have been my only dental health care professionals since moving to Arizona.   They are friendly, professional and make going to the dentist a nearly pleasant experience.I won't go so far as to say I look forward to going to the dentist but it is certainly a stress free visit with these folks.Dr. Madder, Tish and the rest of the staff take the time to make sure you are comfortable and they explain everything as they go-from procedures right through billing.Consider this a Jim W endorsement of Dr. Madder's dental practice.
5	Dr David Madder and his office were great!  I am new to town and they made me feel very important!  My husband is a long time resident of Gilbert and I got him to switch too! One other thing I really like dental hygenist "Jill" she is so worth the wait!
5	I have found my Dentist! The entire staff is incredible. The Dr. talks to in terms that you can understand and will take the time to explain things to you.The office is a little hidden off the main road, so a sign would be helpful; however, if you know the area it shouldn't be a problem.
5	Great office staff and Dr. Madder has great bedside manner.  I can't believe it took so long for me to find a good dentist.
5	I am one of those that fears the dentist and as a result haven't gone for years.  I went in and everyone was so easy going and helpful.  They were friendly and didn't make me feel like scum for not having gone to the dentist for such a long time.  WHEW!  Now that the initial visit is over I can relax knowing I'm in good hands!
5	When our dentist retired it was time to find another dentist.  I was referred to Dr. Madder through my insurance.I really enjoy Dr. Madder and his staff.  I have had good dentists in VA & DC and Dr. Madder is right up there with them.  He makes sure I am comfortable and makes sure I am not in pain.  He has also taken me on short notice when I had a tooth emergency.My wife and son both like him and he also took on a difficult case with my nephew and now they are going to see him.  My wife is there right now getting a cleaning, pretty ironic, eh.The office staff are great as well.  They help with everything.  They are professional and very personable.  They put you at ease from the moment you come into the office which is much appreciated since going to the dentist is not high on anyones list of fun things to do.
5	I've been going to Dr. Madder for almost 10 years. He and his staff are professional, patient and understanding. Great, relaxing environment. I recommend them to anyone!
5	I'm writing this a little late as I've been going here for a couple years & actually found Dr Madder on Yelp to begin with. I hate going to the dentist and have been to several dental offices leaving me with bad experiences. I'm glad I've found this office, the entire staff is great- I'd rather NOT come to be honest, I still hate having to go to the dentist, but I'm thankful for this group of people to make it more than bearable for me.
5	Dr. madder was amazing!! I was really nervous about getting fillings done on my front teeth but he and his staff were so encouraging and nice. My teeth turned out beautifully and the whole process was fast! I will always go here and recommend anyone else to go too!
1	A month ago, I got a filling job done at Madder's. However, it led to nerve exposure. Now I can't use my left side to eat, I am very frustrated for what he has done.
5	Dr. Madder's staff is very kind and sensitive to individual needs.  From the greeting to the end--where they explain your treatment plan--they do everything they can to make your dental experience calm and comfortable.  I had avoided going to the dentist for years out of fear but now I can say I look forward to my visit at Dr. Madder's office!  I like that Dr. Madder takes a very conservative approach and offers you options when it comes to treatment... I don't feel like I am getting a high-pressure sales pitch.  She takes his time and answers questions so I feel like I am his most valuable patient and he is not trying to rush me out of the door. I would recommend this office to anyone and everyone!
5	New in town and found this office thanks to the Yelp reviewers..great staff for starters. Making appointment was easy and they went the extra mile to contact my insurance company ahead of time so when I got there they knew exactly what would be covered.  I was running late and they were so patient and understanding..the hygenist did a very thorough and gentle cleaning..explained everything as she went along with the exam and cleaning..love the free whitening they offer to new patients who are yelpers..this cost me about 300 bucks at my last dentist...the actual dentist I saw offered me 2 simple and very reasonably priced solutions for some long term issues ive had that my prior dentist never mentioned. Nice touch were the healthy snacks at the counter...very clean and professional clinic...so glad to have found them and thanks again yelpers..
