4	Better late then never, first attempt got deleted by a server error, but here goes again.Baton Rouge Anjou is is always beaming with noise as it's always packed but none the less the atmosphere is cozy! Baton Rouge isn't only about great Ribs & Chicken!I went 2 Thursdays ago welcomed by a 15-20 minute wait expectancy however was seat in a nice comfy 2 person booth in 5-10 minutes which is really good for the busiest shopping weeknight!In minutes I was attended to, drink and supper was ordered. I ordered the Roast Beef sandwich was prepared to perfection and on my table with in minutes. The sandwich comes in a soft baguette top with caramelized onions and oozing melted mozzarella cheese and is accompanied by fries(thin and tasty) and an INSANELY tasty brown sauce(I believe the sauce from the cooked roast beef).The first bite of the sandwich dipped in the sauce was mind blowing and the anticipation of that next bite inexplicable! To truly understand you'll have to experience this sandwich for your self.I ordered a coke with the meal and by 3/4 of the way through as I was on the last sip another full glass was brought to my table before I had a chance to put the glass down and even ask for another (Free Re-Fills!) Now that is attentive service and thru my visit I experienced that the whole both the waiters and waitress. They work as a group and love their work and make that very obvious!!The restaurant does have a bar and television so there is more to Baton Rouge than just a great meal.I give it 4 stars only for the noise level, it does not distract you from the tasty food but if you are going with someone and tend on having a conversation....it probably be a loud one lol(talking above the noise).my whole meal with cokes. $ 21.80 tax in!, tip extra
5	I always enjoy this place. The fries are always to die for and the plates are always huge and fulfilling. I always have enough left over to bring home and have it as another full meal. My favorite is always the chicken Louisiana burger. Their Thai salad with peanut dressing is DEFINITELY worth trying!!
4	A very decent food hub to bring a ribs lover to.Friendly service.Low key decor.And of course sports are displayed on TVs all over.Lobster season makes for a very tasty bisque, l'd say go eat some before it's gone.One little negative: they overcooked my hubby's steak, but they handled that swiftly.Not mind blowing, but surely good enough to (re)visit.
