4	Before the big opening I had the best sandwich here.  Its called the Godmother - finally, someone who got an Italian sandwich right.  Lots of saucey goodness.  This garlic pesto stuff they use is out of this world.  The meat is quality.  Second time I went here the sandwich was missing some of its saycey goodness, but the quality of the meats and bread were still there.They are new, so I'm hoping they will be more consistent.  But I will be keeping an eye out for more saucey goodness.Clean atmosphere.  Not a chain so they get extra points for that. Oh and you get a free cookie.  :) who doesn't love a free cookie?  If that's you, find me, I'll take it.
4	Tried out this new deli to the neighborhood and I quite enjoyed it. I had the godmother, good amount of ingredients and very fresh. The staff here are very pleasant. *serves coke products
5	DELICIOUS sandwich prepared fast and just the way I wanted it!  I'll be back for sure!  Welcome to the neighborhood.
3	Went here for lunch, it was ok. I ordered the French dip, a little dry but not too bad. My husband ordered the club, he said it was mediocre, and my dad ordered the pastrami and corned beef, however they were all out of corned beef, how do you run out of corned beef on a Sunday? Anyways, we were all satisfied, but agreed that there is better out there (firehouse subs, jasons deli) that we would rather have. One plus...the chocolate cookies were great. Even if I never eat another sandwich from this place...I would definitely eat another cookie!
5	The Hub Deli is excellent!  No exceptions.  The owners seem pretty keen on attention to detail AND also to customer service.  (FYI: I met the younger "blonde" lady & she is very friendly, attentive to service & order accuracy.) Today was my long awaited second time in and I found a new favorite place in Ahwatukee. I fell in love with the interior design, energy & atmosphere.  It's fun, yet professional and has an independent vibe which I *crave!* The sandwich I had was " The Hippie," I added turkey & decided to put the hot pepper relish on the side.  I loved it all!!! One of the very best / fave sandwiches I have ever eaten. Seriously. Perfection. Now the cookies, the *free* chocolate chip cookies....I need more of!!! I want to buy a dozen if possible!  Nothing that tasted this good should be *free!* I am not a "big" girl, but these cookies would have me gain quite a few pounds if my will power & wallet would allow. YUM. I could write just about the cookie.  My friend has one left & if he's not careful *I will* steal it!In closing to this long adoringly yet ranting review:I  support *all things local* (except franchises!) and now the Hub has given me one more reason *not* to despise living in Ahwatukee....(culture-less void....or maybe it has potential:)   With the farmer's market on Sun's @ 48th & Warner, The Hub Deli, Pomegranate Cafe, even Trader Joe's and 24 Carrots down the street (on Chandler Blvd.)....one can only hope for the latter!Forget Jason's Deli! Support The HUB instead! I am certain that it has the potential to be a "hub" for Ahwatukee foodies & denizens alike!Also,  be sure to grab a treat & a tea or coffee from Pomegranate Cafe while you're in the neighborhood!  Enjoy, locally!!!
4	We've been to the Hub twice now and I like it. I'm a little afraid to review it since two of the places I've reviewed in Ahwatukee have now gone out of business (RIP Villalpandos and Grill Wrap Cafe). But hopefully neither of those are my fault since I gave them good reviews. :) The first time we went there I had the New Yorker (Hot Pastrami, Hot Corned Beef, and Cole Slaw with Russian Dressing on Rye). It was pretty good! It was piled high with tasty meat; but not so high like at those New York delis you see on those Man vs. Food type shows that you know there is no way you could even eat them unless you are a snake and can unhinge your jaw, yeah, not like that. My boyfriend got the French Dip, which disappointingly was not able to be on the French roll because they were out, but he said it was good anyway. They seem to be having a bit of trouble figuring out their prep. They always seem to be out of something, both times we've been. Either a meat or one of the kinds of bread. I don't know if they need to simplify their menu or if it will just take some time to figure out how much of everything they'll go through in a day; but I hope they figure it out before it's too late. The second time we went I had The Godmother, it is REALLY good!! That hot pepper relish and the garlic sauce TOTALLY make it amazing. It's super tasty! The boy had the Meatball sub which was really good also. It was not really a classic marinara, a bit spicy, but the meatballs themselves had a lot of good flavor. It's pretty cheap there to make it a "meal" with the drink and chips and of course the cookie always comes with it, which are really traditional and tasty. The service is really polite and friendly. You can tell they are really putting their heart and soul into this place to make it work, and I really hope they can be successful. We'll be in to support them when we can.
5	The hub deli is my new favorite sandwich place!!! I had the godmother and it was the Perfect combination of meat, condiments an bread( which I am told is made at a local bakery)! I cant wait to come back and try their home made meatballs and turkey Chilli!!! Thank you for making me a fan!! Oh and u get a free cookie!!!
4	I was at Trader Joe's and saw that a new sandwich place had opened I had to try it... I walked in I was the only one there I looked over the menu I went with The Hippie (Spinach, tomato, onion, avocado, pickles, mayo, mustard, hot pepper relish, and garlic sauce on multigrain... The sandwich was really good it was really fresh it also came with a chocolate chip cookie it was really good as well... So I will go back for sure along with friendly staff and great food and priced right always makes it a great spot.
2	I've been to this location about three times.  I'm always the only one in the shop so service is quick. The workers are nice. The sandwich shop has potential but somethings missing.  The sandwiches could really be made at home, nothing special. My bread was a bit hard around the edges (maybe a tiny bit dated) but had great flavor.  Its healthier than the McDonald's yet one cold sandwich and a cookie cost about $8.  I want to like this place, yet I just don't.
1	Well...I drove all the way from N Scottsdale to get a few subs and three dozen cookies for a party this afternoon. After two hours of my time, fifteen bucks in gas, and thirty bucks worth of unedible deli food, I can say that I won't be back. The subs were not prepared as ordered, and I have three dozen Raw cookies...yikes. If I lived there I would go back, however I don't...and I have waisted enough time and money on this place!!I will add however that the staff was polite...thank you for that!
5	Last week I decided to head out of the office during one of those memorable Phoenix late June scorchers.  I had a coupon for the Hub Deli that I got online through KGB deals.  I have no idea what the f%*_)& KGB is supposed to stand for, but $4.00 for a $10.00 lunch, I cannot complain.The restaurant is inviting with a counter to place your order a menu in front.  The place has some tables and chairs as well as a long table in the center with a large screen television above it.  I was able to pick up a strong wifi signal from somewhere else in the mall.  I had the New Yorker sandwich which consists of hot pastrami, corn beef coleslaw and Russian dressing.  The bread was fresh and the sandwich tasted perfect; the flavors and sizeable were incredibly balanced.  I must say that I was surprised at how good it tasted.  I went back a few days later and got the same sandwich and it tasted just as good the second time around.   Each sandwich comes with a cookie and chips.  The cookie like the bread is fresh and tasty.I am happy that I found this place.  It is neatly tucked away in a strip mall in Ahwatukee off of Chandler Boulevard.  The staff is friendly and I had no problem getting served or finding a seat.  A must..............
5	Great sandwiches on fresh bread.  I can't get enough of the Hub Deli.  Their friendly staff always greets me with a smile, and makes my sandwich just as I want it!  Even with my substitutions and modifications, they always get it right.  The fresh chocolate chip cookies are a great bonus!  The garlic sauce is more like a pesto, heavy on parsley and garlic.  It adds a great kick to the sandwiches!  The pepper sauce is spicy, but good!  I suggest getting it on the side to control the level on your sandwich.  The Hub's sandwiches are generously sized... If you're not fee;ing super hungry you could definitely share one!  The menu is simple but creative, and there's something for everyone.  If not, they'll adapt it for you.
1	Second time we have been here and you are closed before posted hours... wtf I give up on you
