3	Here's what I think of when I think about Tres Pesos: Cheap. Good Food. Huge Portions. Strong Margaritas. Bright Colors. Fast Service. My friend eats/drinks here a lot and he took me with him awhile back. He told me that he and his friend were drinking here one day and they had quite a few margaritas. After a few, they asked the bartender to add some more tequila to their drinks. She did- then said, "Is that what you liiiiiiiike..." I dunno, I just really like saying that now-Is that what you liiiiiiiike (in Spanish accent)
4	From the outside this place may not look like much, but the food is good & comes at a great price. The tackiness makes this place stand out on Woodlawn & the inside doesn't disappoint in that category either. While a tad bit dark in the dining area, the tables & seats are all painted bright colors all in crazy designs. While this has nothing to do with why I like the place, it does make it feel like they're trying to get you to notice.Nothing too exciting on the menu but your typical Mexican dishes, but the lunch menu prices are on point. You can come in hungry & leave full for cheap. They have free chips & salsa to pass the time till your food arrives, which is always a plus. I've never seen a long line here & I've almost always been seating immediately.Tres Pesos tries bright colors to draw you in off Woodlawn, but their prices are why you'll keep coming back.
1	Seriously? Three pesos is about what I would actually pay for a meal here.This is not Mexican Food. This is not even American food categorized as Mexican food. This is pure crap.The salsa came in 2 flavors: water and chunky water.Shame on you. If you poured Food Lion brand salsa straight out of a jar it would taste better. Sorry guys, V8 is not technically salsa.OK I'm done..not even worth writing about my burrito which looked like a turd and tasted close to one.
3	If the wait across the street at Azteca is too long, wander over to Tres Pesos. Bright colors and attentive service, I was pretty pleased with the meal I enjoyed here. And you certainly can't beat the price!I can't agree with previous reviews of the salsa. While it wasn't the way I would make it, the salsa I was served was large-ish chunks of tomato and small pieces of onion and spices. Yes, there was a good amount of water in the bottom, but the stuff above the waterline was spicy and hit the spot with the chips while I waited for my entree.My margarita was massively huge though I'd say it probably only had one pour of tequila in it. I've never had one served with an orange and a cherry on the rim before. Weird.The "two enchilada combo" also comes with a scoop of Mexican rice and a cute fried corn tortilla bowl of refried beans. It was satisfying, for being "Americanized" Mexican food.Would I come here again? Sure, why not.
4	I was headed to the hotel next door and asked the van driver if there were any good places to eat nearby.  He recommended Tres Pesos, he said the food was great and the bartenders were hot! OK, a must check out in my book. I have been twice.  Filling is the word.  Food is pretty good. Not going to knock your socks off but it is tasty and seems fresh.  Portions are large.  Great beers, good atmosphere.  Yes actually, my two bartenders have been very pleasant to look at as well!
3	The food is both good and cheap.  Special requests like "hold the onions" or "no cheese" are hit or miss although they will correct it if they bring it out wrong.  Our waitress was great and that's what she did.The chips are homemade and come out of the kitchen warm and crispy.  Two salsas, one is diced tomatoes and not a lot else but it's refreshing.  The other is a traditional style red salsa with cilantro and a spicy kick.Ground beef tacos are tangy and the chicken tacos a little runny but taste great.  The real winner however was the steak tacos.  I've asked for soft corn tortillas twice and gotten white flour both times so the kitchen can be a little random.  For the price it's worth a trip, just keep your expectations aligned with the value.  How much can you really complain about $2 tacos...
2	Let me preface this review by saying that I don't frequent Mexican restaurants, so I can't really compare TP's to many others in town.  That said, they seemed QUITE AVERAGE & I noticed nothing that wowed me at all. There were the usual chips & salsa (two kinds) brought out before the food.  Had lunch with a friend and ordered the grilled "large" chicken quesadilla. Hmm...quite plain actually, I was kind of surprised.  The only thing on/in it was cheese and chicken, with a VERY small smattering of lettuce and tomato along the edges of the plate; more decoration than anything.  Asked for the sour cream to be on the side but that didn't happen - slightly annoying but not a huge deal.  I mean overall it was ok, but there just wasn't anything TO it for $7...fairly cheap but I was underwhelmed.  I've had much better quesadilla's as appetizers at non-Mexican restaurants...and made much better ones at home if I do say so myself.  Ok, so is TP a bad spot, no.  Is it a place I would make an effort to go back to, NO.
3	I stopped at Tres Pesos on my way home from work one night to get a delicious addition to dinner of chips, cheese dip and salsa. I thought it would be a relatively quick transaction; however, it took over 10 minutes for my to go bag to be brought to me. The chips were hot, salsa was pretty good, the cheese dip was average. Unfortunately, 4 days later, I check my online banking to see that my card was overcharged $5. After I had already tipped $2 for a TO-GO order! Unbelievable. I will definitely not be returning. If you do stop in, be sure to check your bank statement!EDIT: After speaking with the owners of Tres Pesos after this incident, they did everything possible to ensure I was taken care of. I was returned the full amount and actually spoke with the owners several times to ensure everything was taken care of. I plan to return to give Tres Pesos a fair review. They definitely provided some of the best customer service I've seen from a restaurant and went WAY out of their way to make sure I was happy in the end. Thank you!
3	Tres Pesos is tasty, cheap and chill. The chips are homemade and delish, and they have a choice of 3 salsas: a chunky tomato and onion mix that's closer to pico di gallo, a traditional red salsa with cilantro, and a fiery green salsa that they'll bring if you request more heat, which is perfecto. The fishbowl margaritas come with fresh lime and the food, pretty standard Mexican fare, is what you'd expect: hearty and tasty, if not especially healthy. A reliable bet.
1	Tres Pesos.....not even worth un peso!!!!On Cinco De Mayo 6 ladies were looking for mexican cuisine and got no utensils to eat any of it with!!  To not be able to serve us any drinks the entire night and have to wait so long that we were about to get up and walk out (some people did) was a disgrace.  We finally had to get our own drinks, own utensils and had to find our own food!  The manager said that he'd 'take care of it'....what that meant was get us a "free drink" that we ended up having to pay for in the end!  They could have made a lot of money out of us if they had only paid attention to our empty drinks.  Half of our food was not brought out but of course they tried to charge us for it.  Then when we wanted to pay and get out it took them an hour to put it together.  Of all days the manager decided to train the girl on our bill.  Then to add salt to the wound we were charged an 18% gratuity with our bill...and this may have been because they knew they did not deserve it and would not have gotten that much had they let us decide what to give them.....un peso.In all honesty the food was worth about 4 stars but the service is not even worth one!  Service is what makes the experience and this was the worst.  Azteca was busier than this place and we probably could have gotten a seat, had awesome food and left the same time we ended up leaving this place.  I would avoid at all costs!
3	Let me preface by saying that, though I'm generally not picky when it comes to food, I'm very selective when it comes to Mexican food as it is my least favorite.  I don't typically enjoy Mexican food for whatever reason, but Tres Pecos made me forget about that when my coworkers took me there for lunch last week.We were immediately served hot tortilla chips with an excellent fresh salsa.  I could eat that salsa every day.I ordered their soft taco lunch special - specifically one beef taco and one chicken taco.  Both were great and were served with rice and refried beans.  I thought the whole meal was great.  I do plan to return soon.
1	"The salsa came in 2 flavors: water and chunky water." Dave K., I salute you. You are so right about this joint. It's awful. While the front of the house is cute enough, the main dining room was just depressing. After we were seated, our waitress came over and scowled at us! No smile, no hello, just the ol' stink eye. To break the tension, I asked about the margaritas. After ordering drinks, we sampled the salsas, which were so bland and nondescript we ordered guacamole. Which was also flavorless--and not fresh.There was virtually no distinct taste to anything--at least nothing strong enough to distinguish one dish from another. We ordered combo platters so we could sample a variety of things but the only variety was in the texture of the different items. The margaritas were salted with table salt and tasted only of bottled mixer--I couldn't detect any tequila whatsoever on my tongue or in my brain (16 ounces of margarita should provide a buzz!).I will never stray from AZTECA again!
3	I think the 3 stars kinda says it all really: I've had better and I've had worse.  Portions were generous for the price and the food was good, but there was something missing from the whole thing.  There just wasn't a punch to the food that made it memorable.  However the salsa fresca was great and the chips were warm and tasty.Would I recommend someone go here?  How about this; I wouldn't recommend against it.
4	Great portion size for a reasonable price, and the food was good too. The service was as good as I could expect considering there were only two waitresses and the manager available during a rush. They also put up with a very disrespectful couple a lot better than I would have, so kudos to this Tres Pesos.
1	This place is a joke. I should've known from the start with the  V8 salsa that I should've spent my lunch hour and money elsewhere. The "veggie" burrito only has lettuce, tomatos and rice - oh, and V8 sauce on top. If you want a REAL veggie burrito... go to Loco Lime in Huntersville. Best Mexican cuisine I've had in a long time. I was unable to give less than 1 star for this place, by the way.
1	just, well, gross.  The food was just downright awful.  I got a chicken burrito & the chicken was weird & disgusting & I got sick halfway through eating.  There are plenty of Mexican & pseudo Mexican restaurants in Charlotte to go to, choose them instead.
1	Don't waste your time or your money.  The refried beans tasted sour, the chalupa was soggy on one side, the chimichanga had the toughest chicken I have ever experienced.  The best thing about my meal was the glass of water.
4	Horchata had to much cinamon in it. The chulupa and chimichanga was on point and very yummy.
2	Waste of time in my book. A lot of food doesn't make up for it not tasting good and most if it being canned and pre-cooked food.
3	good bang for the buck.  busy during lunch.  food generally good with exceptional lunch specials.  clearly NOT suit and tie place; but, you can get in-and-out for less than $8 bucks if you get the special.
3	After coming here for years, I was disappointed my last visit.  Don't know what has happened, but the place has really lost all that was good about the place before.  The food has turned from being quite authentic (as much as that can be here in Charlotte) to being very plain and bland.
2	The food was not the greatest.
1	I have nothing positive to say about this place. It is not authentic Mexican food, Servers are not friendly and food is as bad as it can get. pricier for the food they offer, so save your self a bad experience .. Definitely not comming back.
2	Montezuma's revenge is the lunch special. Wan wah. Eat with caution. While recently visiting the Tres Pesos, service was not ideal; below average with the waitress ignoring most customers while disappearing for most of the time we were there. Too bad--that would at least be worth +1 in star-ratings. Overall the food is not what I would call incredibly delicious or superbly authentic. I am not a Mexican foodie but, at the very least, I believe I know good food when I taste it. This was not the case. I would guess they make most of their money from the lunch crowd--local business execs and other salarymen--looking for a bite to eat between cranking out spreadsheets and inarticulate powerpoint slides.
2	No.  Just.  No.I work relatively close to Tres Pesos and years ago we used to visit at least once a month until the server's skirts got shorter, tops got tighter and boobs got boobier.  While I am sure the tips increased dramatically (the clientele was almost only men on our last visit a while ago), the food just got worse and worse, so we started going across the street to Azteca, where they now scream "Amy" when I walk in and make a place at the end of the bar for me (not really, but we do go there more often than we should).  Trying to try new places, and give old places another chance, I stopped in at Tres Pesos for lunch today.  The interior, while it hasn't really been updated, seems to be different.  It looks like they maybe did some renovation and moved the bar?  I dunno.... The waitresses were fully clothed, which may be why the place was practically empty at 12:15.  I sat down and needed some chips.  The chips were warm and delivered immediately, though they seemed a little greasy.  Served with the liquidy salsa and the chunky tomato/onion/ciliantro pico (?), both were heavy on the cilantro, so I ate neither.  I ordered the queso, which to their credit is served in a small size for only $2 instead of the large bowl for $4 in case you are dining alone or not wanting to share your cheese dip.  The cheese dip was meh - very thick.  Nothing wrong with it, just nothing special.  The beef chimichanga was a hot mess.  Served with rice and beans, the rice was fine, the beans were runny (not appetizing).  The chimichanga, which is essentially a deep fried burrito, was covered with lettuce and such, sour cream on top of that, red sauce and then tomato slices, which completely saturated the chimichanga and made the fried outer shell mushy.  I like the crisp, which is why I got a fried dish - if I wanted a soft exterior, I would have ordered a burrito.  Meat filling was ... not in my top 10.  Service was fine, I didn't run out of drink and that is important, but I found myself waiting for a bit for the check and then for her to pick it up.  Nothing was offensive or horrible, but overall it was just meh.  I should have gone to Azteca across the street or made the drive to Monterrey in Pineville.  Bleh.
4	I don't know what all the other bad reviews are about but I had Tres Pesos last night and was very satisfied. The chips and salsa brought out on the house were quite good. The chips were warm and the salsa was flavorful and spicy. I ordered the chimichanga but had them make it vegetarian style. Inside it was stuffed with re-fried beans, onions, bell peppers and mushrooms. on top it was layered with a nice cheese sauce. On the side my dish came with beans and rice with guacamole and sour cream with lettuce and tomatoes. I left happy and will definitely return!!!! On top of all of that my server was awesome!
3	Some of the food is 5 star, but the overall experience is a solid 3 or less. I've actually walked out 15 minutes after being seated and no one acknowledging us despite multiple servers walking by. However, there are several pros. The chalupa is crispy and a perfectly balanced mix of flavors and freshness. The vegetarian fajitas have a great variety of vegetables. And the salsa bar is great. Being able to mix the regular salsa with chipotle and tomatillo allows you to customize your salsa exactly how you like it. I've also had good luck with modifications to the menu. I ordered the pick 2 - chalupa and chimichanga - and the server accommodated me in making it vegetarian with grilled onions, pepper and other veggies. I've read the bad reviews, but if you know what to order and if your service expectations are low, Tres Pesos is definitely the best value Mexican in the South Blvd area.
4	Service can be spotty, but the food is always good.  Another commenter referenced Azteca, and I would choose this restaurant 100% of the time over Azteca.  Definitely the best authentic Mexican in the area.
3	I've been to lunch here a few times. Service is usually fairly quick. Not a fan of their margaritas, which is a pretty big negative when having Mexican!Lunch menu is pretty standard and decently priced
4	Went to Old Mech Brewing and it was so crowded. On the way in we saw this spot so thought we'd give it a shot. Glad we did. Best salsa in charlotte  Huge Sangria. Big portions. Looks family owned. Casual
