5	This place has absolutely wonderful HUGE bowls of Pho accompanied by good condiments, basil, bean sprouts and sliced jalapenos. They never charge me for the many extra limes I request.The SMALL rare beef Pho is a huge meal in itself.Easily the best Pho anywhere, and a great value at just about six bucks for a small.The Summer rolls and fresh-made lime-aid are also especially good.This was my go-to spot for an affordable meal in this neighborhood before I moved.It is a family place, and small, and the low prices don't afford them a separate serving staff, so wait times for food can vary.
4	Awesome pho here.  I usually get the #7 (Rice noodles with fresh chickens.)  Although the shrimp Pho is pretty good too.  Honestly, I have not been disappointed an anything I've had from there.  The Thai iced tea is really good, too.  When you first walk in to the place, you may think twice - it is an old taco bell converted to vietnamese restaurant.  But don't let that stop you - the food is excellent.  I've gotten a lot of people hooked on the place - even people who are picky eaters and won't try anything "non-american."
5	This place is the Wal-Mart of pho!! (but thankfully you don't see any www.peopleofwalmart.com customers)  Believe me.  You get a big sized bowl of Pho at a bargain price.  I live near Desert Ridge in north Phoenix and I don't even think twice about driving down to Mesa to eat at Pho Nhat.  The experience: Like other pho places, they don't pride themselves on interior design, street appeal, etc... they just do what they do best, make great pho.  The building  used to be an old Taco Bell shop and inside, they serve great tasting broth, your body doesn't feel like crap after eating there or even drinking all of the broth, and you come out of there with almost enough savings to go out and buy yourself some boba drinks or at least pay for extra fuel it takes to get there from north Phoenix.
4	Very good little totally unpretentious Viet restaurant.
4	I've driven past this place probably 1,000 times and never knew it was there. The first thing I noticed is the dining area... it's pretty small, but I'm here for the food not the size of the dining room :). I ordered the Pho Ga (Pho with chicken) and it was pretty good. The price was 5.50 for a pretty big bowl of pho. Overall all it was pretty good but it didn't wow me.
5	The Pho here is INCREDIBLE!!!  I now live in NJ and oh how I miss my #17 (well done beef with meatballs).  The veggies that they bring out with the soup are so fresh and yummy.  The soup if flavorful and not greasy at all.   The portion they serve you is huge but you'll finish the whole thing because it's so addictive.  I'll be in AZ in about a month and this place is at the top of my list.
5	Was in Arizona this past week and hit up Pho Nhat.. still AWESOME.. The #17 is the best.. can't wait to go back in a few months.
5	This place gets high marks for value!  I can take my girlfriend and we can both get full off $12-15 with tip.  The place is run by a husband and wife pair who are always there.  This place is no frills dinning, which is fine by me.  My girlfriend and I love the spring rolls and the noodle dishes with whatever meat we are feeling like that day.  This stays in the regular rotation.
5	Really flavourful and light  phos/soups  made here. This is the reason that I like Mom and pop stores. They don't leave you feeling like a greasy  over stuffed cow. I keep ordering the tapioca noodle soup as I haven't seen many places that offer that on the menu.Next time I'll try the rice dishes. They looked yummy when the next couple ordered it.
4	Bomb Pho. Spring rolls are ok, not as good as Miss Saigon in Tucson. But probably the best Pho on the east side for its price.
4	By far one of the best Vietnamese restaurants I've been to in Phoenix! The most bang for your buck by far, at any rate. Their Pho is "pho-nomenal" (ha!) with every kind of authentic ingredient you can imagine! It's a great place to get a great meal for about the price of a McDonald's value meal, and the food is 100 times better and better for you! The fried rice is great, I'm partial to the beef and pork. The barbequed pork and shrimp rice combos are pretty darn good too. Try the addition of the vietnamese shrimp paste. There's a very decent vegetarian selection too, for all you non-meat-eaters out there. To drink, try the Thai iced tea with tapioca (boba). I'm a fan of Thai iced tea and a fan of boba and it's one of the few restaurants in town that combines the two!
5	This place is so good! I have eaten almost everything on the menu. It is not the fanciest of places but it is great to go with friends and buy a ton of delicious food for very little money. I would recommend this place I go often.
4	I'm not sure why there are so many pho places in Mesa, but I'm happy at the discovery. Had a great lunch here of rice noodle soup with beef for about $6. Nothing fancy about the place, in fact it *feels* like a fast food joint, but incredible taste and value. I will be back.
5	Freshest, tastiest, Vietnameesiest food around mesa! :)I started going there while attending MCC and got hooked. No other Vietnamese joint has tasted as good since. The staff is always courteous and provides good service. The prices are just a nice bonus. Note that this a pleasant, family run dining place, not an upscale restaurant to go for a date or celebrate an event.Try the Pho (noodle soups), Lemongrass chicken, Mongolian beef and the fresh rolls. Don't forget to top it off with some tapioca drink.Once you're hooked, they do take out (call in the order and pick up in 10 minutes). Have fun! :)
5	This place looks like an Old Taco Bell and the inside is clean but, unremarkable.However, we had several different dishes and I have to say all were A+.The Pho veggie soup was hearty and divine.  My friend had the soup with all the meat (tripe) ugh.. but, she devoured it and said it was the best she has had.   I had the Mongollon beef..  wow.. was unexpectedly yummy..  The service was fast and the price was fair...
5	I salivate every time I think about this place. I now live almost 3000 miles away, but there isn't a day that goes by that I don't think about making the drive for dinner.Pho Nhat is quite simply the perfect Vietnamese restaurant. It is run down and dingy, but it is extremely cheap and the food is to die for. I could eat their Pho Ga for every meal if I had to.Don't expect good service or a clean bathroom because neither are there, but what you CAN expect is to fall in love with the food every time you go.WARNING: Do not order a drink other than water here. There is nothing wrong with the beverages, but you will not get a refill because no one will bring it to you so it will be a waste of your money. I can forgive this because the food is so good.
1	omg gotta say the WORSE pho ever, me my fiance were in the  area and feel like some pho, heard this place was great from a few people and friends, decided give it a try... when we get there there were no one to bring us to our table or even greet us, we end up seating our self .there was only one or two other table eating at the time,  takes the owner/waiter  awhile  to bring us the menu and water, we both order pho dac biet , the broth was so plain and barely any meat in it , i cook pho at home every now and then but i can guarantee it taste ten time better,i also ask for some white onion  it never came out , i went up and remind him again, it still didn't came out, we didn't even finish our pho and decided to pay and leave,when we went up to pay the owner looks nervous and shaky i notice this lady with a clapboard looks like a health sanitary inspector writing something looking around the kitchen  . no wonder he wasn't all there with the customer maybe the kitchen is gross or unsanitary that's why he worrying, makes me scare what is going on with the pho if we'll get a stomach ache after eating there.
4	Got the veggie pho.  Broth, veggies and noodles were great.  Prices were good too.  My friend and I were the only gringos in the place.  Will go back!  Cruddy ambiance, but we went for lunch... not for a date ;o)  My friend loved her food too.  She had the beef with eggrolls.  MMMM  Great place to experience Pho for the first time.  Everything comes with a description on the menu ;o)  No alcohol..
3	3 1/2 stars. Located at a ancient Taco Bell and family run. Not in the nicest part of town but it was during the day so it seemed OK.  My order the Bun Bo Hue. Reasonable at only $6.95 and was a large bowl. Instead of pork blood they gave me additional meat and the broth was yummy too. The staff here is generous with the cabbage, mints, Jalapenos and lime which also added flavor.Check this place out you won't be disappointed with the Bun Bo Hue! They accept credit cards here also.
4	Very reasonably priced pho, noodle, and rice dishes.  The bun bo hue was delicious, with a spicy hot broth, and a huge portion of meat in the soup.  The noodles were a bit strange to me; I'm not sure if they're supposed to taste like there's starchy powder coming off them onto your tongue when you are eating?  I've never really had that happen before when eating Vietnamese noodle soups (Maybe they used tapioca noodles instead of the rice noodles that are usually in bun bo hue?).  The soup was in a very generously sized bowl, and I was full after having about half of it.  The soup comes with your requisite sides:  basil, limes, sprouts, jalapeno.  One thing to take note of is that they can't open the second door of the double doors that you enter the restaurant to, so those that are in wheelchairs will have some difficulty getting inside.  I saw this happen when we ate here, and while the person did manage to get inside, he had to actually get out of the wheelchair, aided by one of his friends, to enter the door, while his other friend folded up the wheelchair to bring it inside.Our total with the bun bo hue and a bun vermicelli noodle dish: ~$15 with tax.
5	Haven't been to a Vietnamese restaurant since I left Colorado, almost three years ago. But for what it's worth, this is the best, most authentic Vietnamese cuisine I've had so far. =)
5	Hands down, the best Pho in Arizona.  Do I dare say that it's better than my mom's???? (dodging lightning strikes now)My friends and I call it Taco Bell Pho, since it looks like an old taco bell.  The food is amazing, the service is horrible, and the prices are awesome.  I've been going here, since I moved from Chicago ten years ago.  What to order?  Look at the Pho list and pick the most expensive thing, and you'll know your pho will have every thing and more in it.  If you're afraid of tripe or some other ingredients, go with the Bo Vien.The true test was when my parents came here to visit me, and she also told me this was the best pho she's had in AZ.
5	AMAZING food!!!! That's all I can say about the lemongrass chicken rice dish I had.
4	I have to admit, I'm a bit of a Pho amateur. I've had it once or twice, but never really developed a passion for it...I think that may be changed now.A friend who knows her Pho (one could call her a PHO-natic...hehehe yeah? no? ok nevermind...) suggested that we try this place because of the stellar reviews here on Yelp. The place doesn't look like anything special from the outside. It very clearly was a Taco Bell somewhere in its past. Walking in, again...nothing special going on. I dont mind that, though. If the food is what you do best and you're not much for decoration and ambiance, its fine with me.I ordered the chicken pho and my lady friend ordered the lamb (**CORRECTION**: It was apparently some sort of beef. There's like 80 beef options, though...so it was probably the number 9), I think. Both were absolutely delicious in my book. I like how with Pho, the broth is very flavorful, yet very basic and not spicy or anything to start but that you have to make your own flavor additives with hoisin, chili paste, sriracha, etc to bring it to your preferred taste and heat.The bowls were huge, as they often are with Pho, but despite the fact that I was really not that hungry going in, I managed to eat the entire thing. It was seriously delicious. My Pho expert felt that it was very good, but not exceptional. I thought it was just awesome.So I have to take off a star for the complete lack of environmental consideration of the eaters. But will I be back? Pho sure.
5	Thanks Yelpers...in Arizona on a trip; the pho was amazing!
4	I'm definitely a fan of their lemongrass chicken and rice (this is not the actual name of the meal) - it was tasty. I've asked for a side of soup for 50c, it was a perfect meal combo for me. It's amazing and kinda not, that this place is employed by a family. When we were there, the kid helps out in cleaning the table, the husband takes and delivers the food on the table and the wife cooks. That's prob the reason why service is kinda slow. When you order your food, also ask for water/soda, and dessert at the same time.
3	Pho was pretty decent. Everthing else sucked! The restaurant itself was odd, it still had the taco bell menu above the cash register.
4	Really dingy joint ran by a woman in the back cooking and a man in the front cleaning and taking money. Everything that comes out of the kitchen looks extremely professional and full of goodness. The Bun Bo Hue as recommended by fellow yelpers lived up to  every expectation. It was fragrant, sweet and spicy (a spicy hot broth with pig's feet (boneless), beef, and pig's blood). The bowl was gigantic for about $7.There's a huge sign on Southern Ave, so you can't miss it despite its dinginess.
5	Amazing Vietnamese food. Nothing more to say!
5	All the yelping convinced me to come try this place, which was less than a 5 minute drive from my hotel. I walked in incredibly hungry..ordered the #1 super beef with rice noodle bowl from the nice older gentleman who was constantly moving expediting aromatic orders of pho that were being churned out of the kitchen.  I sat down and patiently waited while the intoxicating smell of fresh broth filled the small dining room. Shortly thereafter the nice old gentleman brought out a gigantic bowl of pho, a glass of ice water, and a plate with optional additives such as cut lime, sprouts, sliced spicy peppers, and fresh basil.  With a thank you and a quick exchange of smiles I proceeded to devour the entire bowl - catching my posture melting into a slump a few times as I took in the sheer flavor of the broth, the delicious texture of the clumped tender rice noodles, and variety of beef parts (cheek, tripe, thin sliced meat, etc). A gulp of refreshing water later and I was considering ordering something else (Warning: normal people stop eating at this point).  I caved and went to thank the owner for the great meal - before ordering a second bowl: The seafood egg noodle. A few minutes time and another aromatic bowl was set before me - this time with a wonderful array of seafood (shrimp, krabstick, dumpling) amidst a hefty portion of delicious egg noodles. I had to muster up the willpower to stop eating this halfway through and to get a to-go container so I can relive the dream tomorrow morning for breakfast :)  tl;dr: Amazing food, very affordable at ~$7 for a gigantic bowl. Easy going atmosphere
4	First off going into the restaurant its your typical hole in the wall small Pho shop. Greasy floors, funky lighting, and the TV on some random channel that no one but the owners are watching. It's to be expected and only adds to the experience.Price of the bowls was cheaper than I expected so that makes up for the pricey sides. Now here is my biggest gripe with most pho restaurants in Arizona and for the price of the bowl you don't get the quantity that makes California a haven for pho. Especially since Arizona is competing with those half off pho specials in Garden Grove. However, I was pleasantly surprised when my Pho Xe Lua was actually a train. Most other places in Arizona I'm usually not full after one bowl but here I was starting struggle near the end. A bittersweet surprise at best. With the exception of the meatballs, the rest of the pho bowl was bland. The broth was a little too "mn" as they say in the Vietnamese language. The beef was a little too rough for me and wasn't as flavorful and the rest of the bowl seemed out of balance too much tripe or too little meatballs, my OCD self had problems trying to get even proportions of meat throughout the meal. Tl;drQuantity greater than Quality at Pho Nhat
5	I've been to several places for pho noodles and this place is hands down my favorite. The owner is very nice and the food is always consistently fresh/delicious! If you are looking for a bowl of pho I highly suggest you check this place out.
4	We recently moved to AZ from San Jose, CA where you could easily find a Pho house on every corner.  Needless to say, we've been on the hunt for a place to find some decent Pho to remind us of home.  We were not disappointed when we found this place, thanks to Yelp reviews.  We were a little leery with the Taco Bell facade, but with the flavorful broth and menu selection, our doubts were laid to rest.  It was pretty busy for dinner and we had to wait a little as it seemed to be run by only two people: one cook and one server/cashier.  We had no problem with the wait since the server was helpful and the food was delish!
4	I meant go be going to the other Pho place on Southern but I overshot and missed it and found myself here instead, so I figured, what the heck.  It looks like maybe a former Taco Bell building.  As soon as I walked in I was enveloped by wonderful aromas of pho broth but in the AZ hot weather I opted for a cooler dish, the #45, Vermicelli with Charbroiled Shrimp and BBQ Pork.  It wasn't a large amount of food but it was delicious.  I ate it all, no leftovers.Just about everything on the menu was between $6.25 to $6.75.  Can't get much more reasonably priced than that.There are mostly Asian people in here, always a good sign the food is authentic.  The servers were very nice.I hope I get back here to try another meal before I have to leave town.
4	This a great hole in the wall Vietnamese place. The pho is consistently good and so are the spring rolls. The prices are a bit higher than other places I've been, but still low enough to keep me coming back when I'm in the area.
4	My go to place for pho when I have a craving. Sort of hole-in-the-wallish but very tasty. Good portion sizes for the money and everything tastes fresh and wonderful. Even better, the prices are lower than most of the places I've been to in the area. I've been to the one closer to ASU and I think the prices here are better than that one too.
3	Excellent food, easy five stars on that. The service however is horrible. Have went here about 10 times, and never been asked for a refill on my soda or anything. When you approach him about it, he just mumbles and gives you one. The food is spicy, so refills are needed.
1	My family and I are looking for an excellent Vietnamese place last Dec 19th for my son's birthday since he has been craving for Pho.  I picked this place due to the good reviews.  Boy, was I wrong!  The entire family was disappointed with the food.  They are definitely cheap -- you do get what you paid for.  Place is old, greasy floors and looks very small.  My husband and I order the bbq pork combo and the well done pho with tendons.  The meat on the pho was extremely dry and there were barely any tendons.  The soup base was ok.  The bbq pork was dry as well, the egg thingy that came with the combo was bland and the eggroll was too oily and bland as well.  The guy also came out to tell us that they ran out of rice -- we were shocked!  OMG! This is an Asian restaurant and rice is part of their meals, why would they ran out of rice at 7pm??  The other people that came after us had rice on their plates except for us.  They also got their food first before we got ours!!!  We also got the shrimp rolls which were dry as well and the peanut sauce was bland.My family are definitely not coming back here for sure!!  Very disappointed considering it has good reviews from other yelpers.  I guess some people opts for quantity rather than quality.  Such a horrible experience!!!
2	Ordered Togo for the first time and the pho was disgusting. I had to throw it out. Very disappointed and will not go back.
3	Very good Pho, will go back to try it again I do have another favorite place though..
4	Ok, don't freak out when you first walk in. This is what one might call a "hole in the wall" sort of place, however it carries the fame of hole-in-the-wall places - FABULOUS FOOD.There is just something magical about this place.....every dish is just so flavorful, it's insane. The best pho and bun I've had in phx is definitely here! Now, please, when you go, do not expect the best of service. There is only ever one person cooking and one person serving. This place get's PACKED and he (the server/owner) often get's behind. Usually there are several tables full people or the dirty dishes they leave behind. You may have to wait a bit for a clean table, however once you order, the food comes fairly fast.Number 42 is AWESOME if you are in the mood for Bun, and for Pho, you must try the rare beef. Remember, come for the food, not the service!
1	one word "next!"
1	I walked in and i sat at the table for 10 mins. No one came to serve me so I went to the counter to try to talk someone. There was a cook and another man. I tried to get their attention but they just ignored me. So i left the place, after being angered. On top of that, the place isn't exactly clean either!
4	Great food & good service.
5	Tastiest broth in town! Very authentic and aromatic! Instant orgasm of the senses as the taste fills your mouth while the vapors of steamy aromatic spices of all that's great  ventilates up your nose!   The best Pho you will ever have! Cooked in the hottest and most well seasoned wok in town! You will be emotional when you start seeing the bottom of the bowl! All good things must come to a end they say!...... I'm fat so I  usually just order another! I've  been to almost every Vietnamese restaurant in the valley since 1999 and this place is number one! No matter what you order its the best! I have been eating here since they opened in 2001. I was lucky and blessed enough to almost live behind it a few years while I was a student at PIMA medical institute. We would eat there twice a day often... lunch and dinner. I even use to sneak a meal in before my wife got home.... not because I was fat but because she was tired of the same thing everyday and enjoyed my cooking! I have brought other Pho connoisseurs here that were visiting me from San Diego, Hilo Hawaii , LA, Las Vegas, Cleveland, and the east coast and all agree it's the some of best!  The spring rolls and beef rolls are by far the freshest and most tasty you will ever eat. The only thing you will not find here is Banh Mi(sandwiches). They stopped making them about 6 years ago. I think that someone put pressure on them to stop selling them since their is  well know Vietnamese sandwich shop from LA that opened up not to far away (Lee's) about the time they stopped making them! Such a shame because they were the best! Makes me wonder!The number 9 is my favorite! Rare beef with well cooked beef. The stew is mazing but not always available. Their pork chop with baked egg and shredded pork is amazing! The Imperial rolls outstanding and crunchy! Freshest spring rolls in town with the best peanut sauce around! House fried rice is full of treasures!Not the nicest building... it originally was a Taco Bell in the 80s then some dumpy shitty greasy strange mix sorry excuse for Asian food before these brilliant straight off the boat beautiful young Vietnamese family turned it into heaven! So though its a old run down restaurant with layer after layer of paint and cracked windows its some of the best food you will ever eat and so darn cheap you can feed the family even in this economy!Vietnamese coffee. Hot and iced.Thai tea with or without Boba.Salted lemonade and sodas.The water is not the best! Though it's filtered it still taste like it came from canals! Your welcome to bring in your own! The small kitchen and tiny beat down walk-in forces them to use fresh ingredients daily!Since it's located across from Mesa Community college it can be packed during lunch time fall and spring semesters! The seating is always limited anyhow to around 12 tables... only two tables can seat a party of 6 .Most of the tables can seat 2-4 only! Don't plan on using the restrooms here since they usually are locked or out of order do to vandalism since they are located in the back of the building! Plenty of parking at night but can be tight in mid week during lunch. Don't forget to tip them well since they work their asses off 7 days  week only taking vacation every few years!  If I ever it the lottery I'm going to hire them to be my personal chefs! One of the worst things in my life to happen was becoming disabled and losing everything forcing me to move away! The disability part is ok as well as the losing everything I worked for  but the 200 miles distance from me to Pho Nhat has been depressing! We really do miss it and only get to eat here few times a year now! We have even rented a car and got a room to just eat here for lunch then have dinner at Blue Adobe then next day on way home have Pho again! It's that effing good!Enjoy! I hope to see you there soon!
4	Very good veggie pho!
4	Looks a little dodgy from the street, but I have to say the pho here is awesome!  Could not have asked for more.  I'm thinking about stopping in tomorrow as I write this.  Great meal!
5	I was a little intimidated b/c I'm not familiar w/ the VM menu. I ordered the #3 Pho w/ shrimp, to go. Wow! The broth is so different and so good. The amount of food is enough to feed 2 people. I can't wait to go back!
5	My place to go for comfort food. I have never had a bowl of Pho here that wasn't excellent. I used to live in an apartment complex just behind the Pho Nhat. I was a student at MCC and didn't have much money, but I could afford to eat here once a week. It was five minute walk and a bright spot in a hum drum diet. Everything I've tried on the menu has been delicious. The staff is a staff of two and sometimes things can be slow, but, it's well worth the wait. Despite this, the food is frequently out faster than I expected. This is one of my goto's when I suggest places for friends.
1	Normal food, the bun bo hue is too oily and it is not even close with the original one. However the biggest minus point for this place was the waiter and also owner of the restaurant I guess. He was weird and slow and didnt understand me even I speak the same language with him. Bad experience everytime I come here !!!!
2	The food is always good. ...However the service is not and the owner never shows customer service instead he makes you feel like you're an inconvenience to him
5	Love this place! Been to pretty much all the Pho spots in the valley and this spot is authentic. As for customer service, I really enjoy having my order taken and not being bothered while I enjoy my dinner HOT. Affordable, delicious and the broth is aaaamaazzziiiinnngggg.
5	Mmmmm. Never disappoints.  Kind of small restaurant, definitely has that hole in the wall feel. There is a Quiet staff, but that's okay, they aren't rude or anything, I much rather be busy eating my yummers! Pho beef, so delish. No complaints from me!
4	Don't be fooled by appearance. Sure, the place could use some upgrading and the owner could smile once in awhile, but the food makes up for it. When you need good Pho, go here.
4	Fantastic food!  Loved the pho and fried rice.  Ordered spring rolls that never came, even after a gentle reminder.  But we were so satisfied with the entrees, we weren't left hungry by any means.  We will be back for sure
5	Hello comfort food! I have been eating here for years and have always left happy :)  This is one of those restaurants where you can close your eyes and pick something!- everything is amazing! The prices are also extremely reasonable-especially for the fairly large portions.The family that owns this shop is also very sweet- and for the whole place being operated by two people, the wait is never very long- even during dinner rush!
5	Interior decor is bland. It looks like a formal burrito joint or some other generic food place. So don't go here for the decor.The food is AMAZING. Bun Bo Hue one of my favorite dishes, and something that I order at every pho restaurant as a metric for quality. Pho Nhat has the best bun bo hue I've ever tasted. The noodles themselves are packed with flavor, and the soup is tasty without being too salty (a problem with most restaurants). I left feeling very satisfied; not too full and not feeling like I got ripped off. Definitely coming back!
5	Love this restaurant!I avoid all chain because they are so noisy and music playing like your at a club. Sometimes, I feel like stuffing a roll in the persons mouth next to me because they wont shut up on their cells. Afterwards, I feel like I need a padded room to recuperate.Everything at Pho Nhat is wonderful. Great tasting food. Pleasant service. Quiet unless the TV is on or an occasionally loud person.Visit this place...not fancy inside but the food is amazing!
5	The decor of the place is -- (could be better). But aren't the most delicious food found in the weirdest places? Awesome Vietnamese food. I have been here many many times and have tried almost everything on their menu. Had the wonton with noodle soup today. So delicious I might have to come back for seconds.
5	Like another reviewer said "Don't freak out" when you walk in. You may get the feeling that you should walk right back out. You shouldn't.We have been eating here for many years. The small restaurant is the owner and his wife. They may not speak the best English, but they know who we are and what our usual is when we walk in, or even call for takeout!The Pho is tasty, with a quality base. Our fave though is the bun. The #41 with extra egg rolls! This place is one of only a few that serve shrimp paste. As opposed to the foul condiment you may get from restaurants of other regions, this is a ground, seasoned shrimp, steamed around sugar cane. It is to die for. I always get a Thai iced tea as well, done to precision. The shrimp spring rolls with peanut sauce are fantastic.Pho Nhat is worth a try. Don't be dissuaded by the look of the place or them raising the kids in the kitchen. The only turn off is a nasty exterior access bathroom. Just eat and then go over at subway next door!
5	Some of the best Pho I've had at restaurant. Plus the price. This place is a gold mine of awesomeness. I was sick and in town for business. I found this place on Yelp. Got me some green tea and Pho. Felt better.
2	I feel like I experienced an entirely different place than the majority of these reviews. The noodles in the bun were overcooked to the point of being  completely mushy and the dipping sauce was highly questionable. The rice paper wrappers on the gi cun were super rubbery and yet squishy at the same time.The Pho was okay...Nothing to write home about.  I absolutely love Vietnamese food, but I will not come back here.
4	Let's get the negative out of the way- it's not the cleanest place in the world. When the only two employees are the husband & wife team, they're often too busy to clear out the tables. With that said, their pho is consistent and they don't skimp on the servings. On a cold wintery day, there's nothing better than a nice large bowl of pho. It's still my favorite hangover cure.The price point is great for the amount of bean sprouts and meat with your meal. You'll see an eclectic lunch crowd here- from the Banner Health workers to Mesa Community College students, this is a local gem hidden in plain sight.
4	Orderred for a pick up on a Thursday night. Although with just 2 people working, theyy managed to prepare the food on time for me. 4-Star because I orderred the "Com Dac Biet Nhat" and "Com Ga Xao Ot." They were just... OK... Not an authentic Vietnamese taste, but just OK. Have not tried their Pho yet!
3	Was craving Vietnamese food and still on the hunt for the best Viet food in the Tempe ish area... The place we used to go to closed down...and I've been getting my Viet food fix in Tucson... So decided to try this place.The parking lot was empty when we got there... Not a very good sign... But after we came in a couple more people went in after us.The place wasn't dirty but you can tell that it wasn't super clean either.. I was honestly a little nervous trying this place but I wanted to find a good spot to go to when I crave pho...I got the number 20... It was delicious! Pho with well done beef slices and tripe and tendon!The soup was a little greasy but the taste of it was so good..My man got a rice plate... And I gotta say not very impressed but thats okay... I'll come back for pho :)
