4	Grand opening was the 20th of May. Stepped in today thinking it was a Brodards but gave it a shot anyways.The place is new so it was clean, nice artwork, and a lot of employees lol.Our server was a friendly older gentlemen. He was pretty good! He have us some suggestions before our meal and even advice on some things we may come back for.Had the pork patty spring rolls to start. With two to an order it was $5. This was good! I liked the dipping sauce as it wasn't overly strong. What's the point of having fresh ingredients in a spring roll when your sauce over powers it?My friend had the beef pho. $7 The bowl was small, but there were a lot of noodles. My friend said it was a bit sweeter than normal pho. Also that's really well priced IMO.I had the vermicelli noodle salad with grilled beef and egg roll. The ingredients were fresh.I was pretty disappointed in mine though overall. The meat portion was a little skimpy as was the tiny cut up egg roll. After mixing it around it tasted good, but nothing special.Overall I had a good visit. Didn't try more. It was pretty average but I gave them a four because there was nothing necessarily bad I experienced and for the server.Just want to say I'm huge on service. We had our drinks refilled frequently and being friendly goes a long way. I refuse to frequent restaurants like pho Kim long who don't seem to value their diners. The friendliness went a long way.Overall this was a solid Vietnamese restaurant that I enjoyed and will return to. Is it the best? No. Will I rush to come back? No. One complaint is that IT WAS SO COLD! It's May in Vegas so I appreciate the air conditioning but I really regretted not getting soup because of how cold they kept the place.
5	Brodards in Las Vegas!! Nem Noung Bistro is a family branch of Brodards from OC! Nem Noung Bistro is my new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas!!! Came here on Memorial day weekend and was pleasantly surprised! My family has had a Vietnamese restaurant in the Bay Area for over 35 years so getting a good rating for Excellent Vietnamese food is as rare as winning the big jackpot in Las Vegas.We order their specialty, Nem Nuong (Must Try!!) and Banh Khot (So Good) , Beef Salad, Bun Thit Noung Cha Gio, and Rice Plate with everything under the sun on it. The food was tasty and had the perfect flavoring. My parents, who are Vietnamese food critics in their own right, kept saying how impressed they were and how happy they have found a new place they can frequent now that they will be spending more time in Vegas for Retirement. The service was also very warm and friendly from everyone. Two in particular that I really appreciated was a waiter by the name of Dang and Laura, who is the new owner. I usually don't ask for names, especially at Vietnamese restaurants, but Dang always had a big sweet smile and I can feel that he wholeheartedly wanted to do a good job, which was more than I can say about some of the other places in town who ignored us most of the time. Laura also always made sure the food was good and our waters were full. They were also very apologetic that the food took a little longer than expected but I didn't feel that it took long at all. I mean it's Memorial Day weekend with a million Vietnamese people in town wanting to all eat at the same time. With 30+ years of working at my family's restaurant, I can empathize how hectic and stressful it must have been with a grand opening in the same weekend that Paris by Night show was going down. I personally believe that Nem Noung Bistro ( Brodards) did it flawlessly and I will definitely will be going here every time I come to Vegas! Nuff Said!
4	I Had the chicken Pho ... I like the concept that the broth n noodles in one bowl and chicken in another w/ chilly ginger sauce for dipping. Very interesting!!  Spring roll (Nem nuong) was good, but a bit pricey.
4	So first based on fact that this is in Vegas not that it's nem noung so for your cravings yeah!!!The spring roll not as good I think the meat was less fresh or had been sitting longer prob cause not as busy The banh koht was ok. Somewhat crispyThe grilled pork not so good I'm used to a bit sweet and salty this was just salty And they didn't have small orders of pho soup. Just wanted something for the diaghter but they were basically like small soup 5 dollars. And lastly no easy way to get to
4	For years, many of my Southern California friends have been raving about the Brodard Restaurant in Orange County and how great their Nem Nuong is.  Luckily for Las Vegas locals, the owners decided to open a branch in China Town along Spring Mountain and named it after what they're famous for.The restaurant was surprisingly packed for a Wednesday night considering they've only been opened for a week!  I knew this place was going to be a hit since we were the only two who didn't speak the language; everybody else appeared to be an expert of Vietnamese cuisine which they seemed to enjoy eating.Started out with Nem Nuong Cuon (grilled pork sausage spring rolls seved with house special sauce). These are certainly worth the hype and even one of the better ones I've had in the valley.  I like how they add fried egg roll wrappers which adds extra crunch and texture.  The dish also comes with a sauce unlike the typical peanut sauce served at any other Vietnamese joints.  These spring rolls are so good I asked her to stop by the next day for more!!Banh Khot (rice cakes topped with whole shrimp, mung bean, and scallions) wrapped in lettuce with other accoutrements was actually quite tasty.  However, I prefer the pancake version, Banh Xeo, which are usually stuffed with slivers of pork, whole shrimp, green onions and bean sprouts.Overall, Nem Nuong Bistro definitely serves up one of the best spring rolls in town!!  Will be coming back.
5	It's really good to see Brodard show up here. Nem nuong is always good. We tried a few more items that we didnt even try before in O.C., most of them are good. 5 star and no complain so far.
5	Just give them a try. The foods very good, the services excellent, the just grand opening . definitely be back again,
4	Must try the house specials Nem nuong rolls. We tried the grilled pork and shrimp rolls. Delicious and reasonably priced.Banh Khot was good but was not large enough for an entree. Perhaps they can give customers an option for larger size if you want to eat it as a meal instead of an appetizer.Rice and pho dishes were good and authentic.I don't recommend the Banh Xeo, since it took a long time to come out. Also, it was skimpy on the meat in the crust, and could use a little bit more filling (mung beans and sprouts), and the dipping sauce was way too salty so you couldn't dip the Banh Xeo in the sauce too much.The staff was professional, helpful, and friendly. I'd come back again.
4	Great nem nuong, just like Brodard in Cali.  Service is also very good, always made sure my water was full.
5	My new favorite viet place in Vegas.  Just as good as Brodard's in Westminster.
3	Really great spring rolls but the banh Xeo and pho were just ok.
2	The nem noung tasted as I expected since there's little you can do to screw it up when making them. They weren't tightly rolled but it still tasted good. The dipping sauce was short on flavor, however, that's why I feel like the nem noung couldn't reach its full potential.I order a bun tom thit noung that was decent. It came out in a big bowl and had too much noodle for the amount of meat it had. I felt it was very disproportional. The food I had here today is 3/5.The service was like any other Asian place. They will seat you, take your order, and leave you for the remainder of your meal. Not to say this is a bad thing if you want to be kept alone but I think the service needs to be proactive in meeting the needs of the customer. I had to wave down the waiter after waiting 5 minutes when I was finishing eating. And then, after leaving the check with us, they didn't come to check us out. Even when I got the attention of two servers, they didn't bother to come. Not coming here again. Customer service is 1/5.TL, DR: good nem noung, decent dipping sauce, average bun tom thit noung, service is horrible, not coming here again.
5	(TL;DR - Brodard's famous nem nuong cuon (Vietnamese grilled pork meatball sausage spring rolls) and crack sauce are now available in Vegas!!! Great banh khot (mini luna pancakes with shrimp) and above average bun cha gio thit nuong (cold vermicelli rice noodles with egg rolls, grilled beef), and nuoc cham (sweet fish sauce). Price is pretty steep (I think it was about $5 for 2 spring rolls), but it sure beats driving 4 hours to Brodard so I'll take it!!)I think I can speak on behalf of a lot of my foodie friends, when I say - OMG! They have Brodard here now! With the crack sauce and errrrythang!Sitting pretty in the heart of China Town, right next door to Beauty to Beauty Salon and in the same strip mall as Joyful House Chinese restaurant, you'll see a large Grand Opening/ Vietnamese French Cuisine banner for them (they don't have their official signage yet).Alright, so you might be wondering why am I so freaking excited that this restaurant is in town...We just moved here from Southern California and Brodard in Garden Grove was the dominating force in (Vietnamese) spring rolls. Their (crack) sauce is the most talked about sauce in Orange County! (I eat it like soup, it's that good...) Turns out that Nem Nuong Bistro gets shipped the real deal nem nuong (pork patties) and (crack) sauce from Brodard weekly! What a relief! One of the brothers from the wildly popular Brodard in Garden Grove owns Nem Nuong Bistro. So the rumors are true, they're offering up the same spring rolls as Brodard in CA! Well, almost the same -- They put more of the crispy fried eggroll wrapper in their rolls and a little less nem nuong meat compared to Brodard (to cut costs?), but you really can't tell the difference. It's still bomb as fuuuuuh. The sauce is exactly the same! Rocked my face off! Damn good. The rest of the dishes are still being ironed out and are not identical to Brodard, but that's more than ok with me - I thought they did a great job and my compliments to the chef! We also tried their banh khot appetizer (mini luna pancakes with shrimp lettuce wraps.) The luna cakes were crispy on the bottom and had great turmeric flavor. They were extremely addicting. We shared the bun cha gio thit nuong (cold vermicelli noodles topped with grilled beef, egg rolls, veggies, peanuts, and served with nuoc cham (sweet fish sauce). It's the perfect summer dish for Nevada's scorching hot weather! I'm typically very picky with this dish since I'm Vietnamese and cook it all the time, but I found their version to be delicious, refreshing, and I scarfed it down. They gave plentiful moist grilled beef, though the egg rolls were heavy on the wrapper, it was still better than most. They also gave a heaping amount of noodles - there was an excess of noodles at the end. The restaurant is new, clean, with modern asian decor. They have only been open for 5 weeks and they are already running out of those spring rolls! When we ate here, they were down to their last rolls, so we were limited on how many rolls we could order - we were only able to snag 2 rolls total. (Yup, they are that sought out!) Also, amazing service from start to finish! Our server Lam is a great guy! Very respectful, friendly, efficient and all around stand-up guy. Felt like we knew him for years! Nem Nuong Bistro, a new China Town hot spot for sure!
4	I always look for new places to fulfill my cha giao cravings, and this new bistro has great cha giao and spring rolls.  The menu looks pretty good, incorporating some french desserts in the mix, and some other dishes I haven't seen in other Vietnamese restaurants.  We have a favorite restaurant in Westminster, CA, called Dat Thanh, and when we cannot make it to Cali, we're going to head here for some rolls.
3	My friends love Brodard in SoCal. They rave about their nem nuong cuon and what nots. However, when I went to SoCal with them to try it, I wasn't impressed. It didn't tickle my taste buds. So when I heard a Brodards was opening up in Vegas, I was just curious so my friend and I decided to try this place. Yuuuuup, even less impressed.My friend and I decided to share an order of their nem nuong cuon ($4.95) and a com tam bi cha suon nuong ($11.95), which is a rice plate with shredded pork, egg, pork chop, shrimp, and deep fried shrimp cake. For a lack of a better word, it was a little on the bland side. The nem nuong cuon itself was okay. It did remind me of the ones in SoCal but the sauce was a no go. Their sauce lacked flavor. But I guess I'm not the best person to ask. I never enjoyed Brodard's nem nuong cuon either. Sooo yeah...As for the rice plate, the deep fried shrimp cake was done very well. However, the pork chop was very bland. The flavors from this plate, all together, was very underwhelming. The service was okay for the most part. I went during my lunch break so I only had a limited amount of time. I told the server from the start if she could speed things up cause I'm on my lunch break ......and it definitely got sped up. Overall though, I'm not sure if I'd return. It was okay but not special enough for me to want to go back and try anything else.
3	I was super excited to hear that Brodard's was opening in Vegas. Their most popular item is the nem nuong cuon which is delicious, especially paired with their special made sauce. When it opened, it was reported to be a "sister" location of Brodard, hence the different name. Being a fan of viet foods, that means it bringing the other types of various viet cuisine aside from the usual pho. My friend and I came here on her lunch break (30 minutes). We were quickly seated and ordered. We told the waitress we were on a time crunch and needed it to be fast! Luckily, they did speed it up and we received our food, ate, and paid fairly quickly. We had shared an order of nem nuong cuon and a com tam bi cha suon nuong Nem Nuong Cuon (grilled pork sausage spring roll) - $4.95 for 2 rolls - when i saw the price, i was a bit surprised. If i remembered correctly, it was about $1.50/roll at Brodards. Ok, maybe it was a transporting fee, or something. When the rolls came out, it seemed smaller. Ok. Took a bite. It seemed similar but seemed like something was missing. When i tried the sauce, i was surprised how HOT the sauce was. I definitely dont recall the sauce being hot. Luke warm to warm at most. Ok. Maybe they just made the sauce. The sauce tastes completely different. It was really underwhelming. It didnt have those mysterious tangy bright flavors the sauce at Brodard had. Overall, quite disappointing. MayCom tam bi cha suon nuong - (broken rice plate with shredded pork, egg meatloaf, pork chop, shrimp, and deep fried shrimp cake wrapped in soybean curd) - $11.95 - Overall, was a decent size. This kind of fed two people. So portion size, pretty good.  The pork chop and shrimp were a bit underwhelming. Need more seasoning. The deep fried shrimp cake wrapped in soybean curd is pretty good. Freshly fried so soybean curd skin was nice and crispy while the shrimp cake was still moist and hot. Egg meatloaf is pretty good. one of my favorite viet foods. Overall, food was ok. Maybe i was too hyped for this place and was a bit disappointed when i experienced it. Service overall was decent. Got things to us in a good timely manner. Maybe give them a few months to get up to speed and maybe change it up a bit. Hope for the better. Would really love to have a different viet restaurant to go to =P
4	I've never been to Brodard's, so I have no comparison.  However, the nem nuong cuon deserves 4 stars on its own.  The pork sausage with crispy fried egg roll shell inside makes these rolls stand out from the typical shrimp spring rolls.  The added texture of the crispy fried egg roll shells inside paired with the warm shrimp flavors of the sauce make this quite the tasty appetizer!  I could probably eat two orders of these as a meal even!  Onto to the rest of the menu, I also ordered #37 which has grilled pork/shrimp, fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skin, and egg cake.  The price seemed a little more expensive than other Vietnamese restaurants, but the portion was huge and I couldn't even finish half of it.  In addition, they serve the rice dish with a bowl of broth with a quail egg inside.  If this is similar to the broth they use for the pho, then it definitely has a clean taste to the palate and I ended up drinking the whole bowl.  Normally, I don't drink the broth served with the rice dishes since it often seems very bland.  The service was also stellar, we were brought our food quickly and they refilled our waters several times without us having to flag someone down.  The downside of this restaurant is the limited pho/soup options (2 on the menu) and no bun bo hue (my fav!).  Also, chicken lovers....they don't have grilled chicken as an option for vermicelli bowls or rice plates.  Most likely I will make this my summer Vietnamese spot and order copious amounts of nem nuong cuon at my next visit!
5	The food is so delicious! Pho was amazing, and their other dishes are equally as perfect. I got sauteed filled mignon with tomato fried rice. The meat was marinated so well and still so tender. I wrapped some meat, rice, grilled onions and mushrooms into spinach leaves for an awesome single bite.
5	Nem nuong is very good here. Server said that the owner is the one from So Cal Brodard. They ship the nem and sauce from there. The chicken pho is very good too. Would definitely be back.
4	great staff. they were extremely accommodating with our group of 20, we came back a second time with 40. spring rolls just like Brodard, shaking beef with red rice on point. banh kot was also delicious. these guys did not miss a beat. coming back again on next vegas trip
5	I use to drive to Orange County for nem nuong this good . The nem nuong ( spring rolls ) is definitely the best in Vegas . The restaurant is clean n service is friendly . I also ordered the broken rice dish with grill shrimp , grill pork , shrimp roll , bi ( sliced pork w pork skin ) and steam egg cake . It a great dish with everything ! Taste great n price is very reasonable .
5	This is a Brodard in Vegas! I love the food. The nem nuong rolls are good as well as the Banh canh and fried rice. I recommend eating here if you want Vietnamese cuisines because they also serve pho and other meals. People in Vegas should come by and check it out.
5	This place is so bomb! I am spoiled so I will have to mention that the pho doesn't have much flavor but I can't find any good pho in Vegas so I guess I'm picky. But pho is not why I come here :) the special spring rolls and house sauce they have, is BOSS. I love their dry vermicelli noodles with fish oil/grilled pork/fried egg rolls, awesome customer service, and cleanliness of the place. I keep coming back here; I alternate between here and pho kinh do.
5	This place is probably the best vietnamese place in Vegas now. The rolls they have are 2nd to none, and their sauce is amazing. Order the Nem Nuong/Chao Tom rolls, and don't be timid with the sauce. The shaky beef was excellent as well. I ordered to go and they mistakenly shorted my order but I didn't realize it until I got home. I was staying at a place 30 minutes from the restaurant and I called them up and told them about the mixup. It was a huge order, and they probably shorted me 25$ worth of food (I was in a rush, so I just took the bag and ran when it came out). When I called the restaurant, they were very apologetic and more than happy to drive the food straight to my house, despite me being 30 minutes away.I'm looking forward to going back here every time I'm in Vegas.
4	I'm glad Bodard finally have a branch here in Vegas! i don't need to go to Orange County for some good nam nuong. very friendly staff, i wish they brought out the banh khot before they brought out my seafood udon
5	Best Vietnamese Food in Vegas. Spring rolls were on point just like their sister restaurant in Orange County, their seafood banh canh was flavorful, and their banh xeo was just up to par.Staff is friendly, restaurant is clean, and the owner is personable. I am so grateful now that I don't need to search for delicious Vietnamese food here in Vegas anymore!! And yes, it's located on Spring Mountain
5	Been there twice and I love it! Staff is really friendly and their attention to detail is spot on. They know how to make their customers feel good eating there and the foods great! Try their spring rolls and number 31, it's amazing! Must go.
3	Looking for a cheap dinner option in the area, we wandered into Nem Nuong Bistro set on trying their namesake. We ordered the spring rolls as an appetizer and my friend and I both ended up ordering the grilled pork and shrimp vermicelli bowl. Vermicelli bowls are the perfect hot summer meal and this one did not disappoint. It wasn't the best I've had, but it was solid and had a fair amount of protein and noodles jam packed in the bowl. I would have preferred a spicier hot sauce to go along with it, but it was decent. The spring rolls were really good. I preferred the  I preferred the pork spring roll and my friend preferred the shrimp paste, but they were both solid and I'd definitely recommend ordering these here. The portions were plentiful and our tummies were stuffed by the end of the meal.The service was good and our drinks were refilled regularly. It got a little slow at the end waiting for our bill to be processed since they forgot they had our credit card, but we apologized and were very nice so I wouldn't hold that against them. The restaurant is large and clean-looking. I would definitely check this place out again in the future and look forward to trying more of their menu.
5	Went here with a friend and my boyfriend who's never had nem nuong, and it was a success! Probably the best ones in Vegas! Definitely will be coming back for more and is very close to Bodard in Cali where I first fell in love with this magical treat! The pho was alright but there are other places in Vegas I prefer, but I mean it's not that important because it's all about the nem nuong.
5	We came here because of what we have saw on yelp and there was no place we could find to eat Vietnamese food.It was a very nice place and the staffs were very friendly. We order their special, which was bun nem nuong. It was delicious! Besides that, their rice plates were also good. I totally recommend this place and I will come back again next time I go on vacation.
4	Heard this place was run by the same owners as Brodard's in SoCal and finally checked it out yesterday with my homies Stephanie K and Michael K. Their grilled pork spring rolls are just as good as I remember but I noticed they were much more expensive here...2 rolls for $4.95 :\ I just can't get enough of that crunch when you bite into it mmmmmmTried some of Stephanie's fried rice which was good but was a little creeped out by Michael's crepe. Noticed the menu here is only 3-4 pages long which is pretty concise compared to Brodard's but is probably a good idea for the bistro concept they went with. They also serve pho here; just look for the star stickers on the menu.  Didn't notice a dessert case here though so no macarons to be had here :(The restaurant overall was nice, clean and comfortably decorated. We were commenting on how nice the place was for a Viet restaurant while also trying to figure out how to say their name...all I could come up with was nem nem nem lol. The restaurant was probably only about 1/3 full and is fairly quiet compared to Brodard's. Service was decent for the most part and we kept getting water refills. When it came time to ask for our check it took a little while though because we couldn't locate anybody or get their attention. Guess it dies down here when it gets later? Just happy I can get my pork spring roll fix without going all the way to Cali.
3	Nem Nuong Bistro is a new place to try a variety of Spring Rolls, the place has a great purpose, but I feel the food is lacking a little. I would like to see an improvement on their dishes before I come back. I guess it's a decent vietnamese restaurant, but it's not anything special to me. I give them credit on their service though because most vietnamese restaurants have terrible service and here, their employees are quick and organized. But other than that, their food isn't worth my money.....
4	Nem Nuong? I have a better for term for these delightful bites.. Nom nuong! Or, even better yet, Nom nom nuong!! I'm sure a lot of you say that you have had spring rolls in your life. But trust me, after trying the nem nuong here... You have never had spring rolls in yo life!!!I've never been to Brodards, the Cali based spring roll institution, which I hear has the same owners as Nem Nuong. After seeing the pics on what made Brodards so famous, I had to check it out.The restaurant is really well designed. It is probably the most upscale Vietnamese restaurant in town. After sitting down and ordering our food, it came at a reasonable time.Nem Nuong - these are basically pork spring rolls. But, not the run-of-the-mill ones that are typically served. That would be like comparing a Little Ceasars pizza to one made by an Italian Michelin rated restaurant. I think that what sets it apart is the fried egg roll shell that they stuff inside the roll. It gives it a marvelous crunch!! I was wondering, while eating it, why doesn't every place do this? It should be the law. And, I will enforce it... like Judge Dredd. Because I am the law. The pork was a generous piece that was really tender and well seasoned. It was probably one of the best bites I've had all year! But from what I've been hearing, they are a little bit overpriced as compared to Brodard's, but that's typical of Vegas food as compared to So-cal food.Bahn Xeo - Now if you guys know me, my favorite Vietnamese food in the whole world is not pho, but actually their take on the Crepe. But this is not like the French version. It is more like a giant omelet (kinda), and it is stuffed with seafood and bean sprouts, and you eat it like a Korean ssam wrap, with lettuce, mint, sesame leaves, and pickled vegetables. I thought the one here was OK. It didn't blow me away. The inside seemed a little bit pasty and undercooked.I would like to come back here and try their pho and broken rice dishes. Their nem nuong is legit and would encourage everyone to try it out!nem nem nem nem nem nem nem nem nem
5	Stopped in to try the spring rolls that everyone was raving about...incredible! Even better was the #14. Rice noodles,perfectly seasoned beef,crispy veggies! Yum! Definitely will be back!
3	Nem Nuong Bistro is on a tier of its own from the competition. I like no-wait (it was a sunday afternoon) and we ordered quite a lot and they accommodated quite large parties. The nem nuong spring rolls were nicely created and the sauce was savory enough to satisfy my cravings. This will be a new destination when I venture down to Chinatown!
5	The best viet food I've had in Vegas! The service was great, which is a rarity on its own when it comes to Asian restaurants.We ordered two rice noodle dishes with pork and egg rolls, nem nuong (pork) spring rolls, chao tom (shrimp) spring rolls, and nem chua (cured beef) spring rolls. Everything was delicious, especially the house sauce that comes with the pork and shrimp rolls. Definitely on point! The cured beef rolls were so good we ended up ordering two more orders to take with us!Definitely will come again when I'm back in Vegas.
5	Great service and loved the food! My picky son loved the fried pork egg rolls and Cornish game hen, hubby loved the chopped filet mignon, and the daughter and I loved their chicken and beef pho! I also love the fact that they are clean! This is the only place my husband will go back to on spring mountain besides volcano tea!!!PS my son has never has felt inclined to eat spring rolls before and he had two!
4	Feels like being back home in little Saigon in Orange County. I'll probably try to go here 3 times a month. Nem nuong is just like brodard but the prices scream Vegas. I'll take what I can get here
5	THIS PLACE DID SOMETHING NO OTHER RESTAURANT HAS. EVER. Read along.... Was supposed to go to Vancouver for a trip, but changed flights to Las Vegas. After a few nights of drinking, and going out we wanted what any hung over Asian would want. A good bowl of pho and broth!! The reviews looked amazing, and the the pictures looked amazing. Where the Casinos failed this place delivered. The broth was great.The spring rolls were indeed amazing and worth making the trip. The noodles were cooked perfectly.The prices were very reasonable.Now, keep in mind as a guest to Las Vegas, we did the smart thing and decided to Cab everywhere. In this area, cabs are not plentiful during our visit in the afternoon. We asked them to call a cab, and the lady looked worried, and explained they take 45 mins to an hour. We we're totally okay with that. She made a decision and did the next best thing. She had her brother drive us back to the Hotel we we're staying. The 3 of us were in shock and didn't think this was happening. She and her brother went above and beyond and left an impression I won't forget. Thanks once again!!
4	I seriously drive all the way to this place just to get their spring rolls. I'm moved from Socal and absolutely love Brodard's Spring rolls because I think it's the BEST  SPRING ROLL ever!! When I heard that the same people from Brodard's opened this place and made the same spring rolls, I had to verify it myself. Sure enough, it's just like the spring rolls from Brodards, crunchy in the middle and comes with their secret yummy dipping sauce. If you haven't had their spring rolls, you must try. That is all. SPRING ROLLS!!!!~~~~
5	So glad I found this place!!  The decor was on point, the food was to die for and the service was super friendly.  I love brodard in Westminster and am now a fan of Nem Nuong here in Vegas!  Yes its true, all you need to order from here is the pork spring rolls but all their other dishes were really good too!  Can't go wrong with this place and believe me I will definitely be back!
2	Monkey saw something familiar, but alas, just another mirage in the desert. Nobody comes close to Brodard's signature rolls!  Monkey do:#3 2 ROLLS ea GRILLED PORK & SHRIMP PASTE - okay, but far from what you hoped it'd be. A bad copy at $10 for 4 rolls?  People!!!  Get a hold of yourself! AND the sauce is WRONG!Go back to Westminster and get the real thing!  GAH!!!  It's like living in SoCal and going to the Indian Gaming Casinos for the first time and proclaiming "It's Just Like Vegas!!!"  Are Winchells donuts the same as Krispy Kreme?  Are Folgers Crystals the same as Starbucks?  Is Wonder bread the same as Dave's Killer Bread?  No Jackhole. No! No! No!  #6 FRIED EGGROLLS - good#31 CUBED FILET wokked w/onion, mushroom, scallion - it's been a long time since Monkey had this dish. Meat so tender and flavorful melted in mouth. Long time since Monkey also had so much salt. Bad for me, maybe good for you. Do come and enjoy. Monkey picky, but others may enjoy the food here. Service is very nice, helpful and prompt. 2 strong stars for great service and food is okay for most. Just not special. You 5star'ers, on the other hand... are so truly special. Honestly.
5	Great food and great service. I will definitely come back Strongly recommend this place
5	The best pho' around! My husband and I come to Vegas 3-4 times a year, this will be a new ritual!
5	My husband and I love this place.  This is the sister restaurant to Brodard in Orange County. Their rolls are the best. We live in Orange County, and we go to Brodard at least once a week. My husband loves their grilled pork and shrimp noodle. I like practically everything. When we went to Las Vegas, we ate at Nem Nuong Bistro. The food is the same. If you are tired of buffet and love authentic Vietnamese food, you should stop by this place. Try their beef salad!
2	After the RISE lantern festival in Vegas, we celebrated getting out alive on a reasonable timeframe by going to have pho and nem nuong. I have to say that I'm quite disappointed with this restaurant.First of all, the service was super slow even though the restaurant was mostly quiet. It took forever to be able to get something and for our food to come out.The food was just okay at best. I shared a bowl of pho, which was $9.95, with a friend and the bowl was small. The broth didn't have good flavor and they were really stingy on the noodle. I expected more for the most expensive bowl of pho I have ever ordered.Their namesake dish, nem nuoung, was decent but nothing special. They use the crispy flakes inside like Brodard and the meatballs itself has good flavors. This place really doesn't compare to Brodard though. The sauce was a little bit too sweet.Sadly, the highlight of my meal was the iced soy milk I ordered. I would recommend skipping this place if you're in Vegas.
5	Brought my Mother here for her Birthday...sort of a risk bc it's our first visit. I had #16 Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio...man, the Egg-rolls were nice and crispy and the noodles was a fair portion. The sauce, however...umm...wasn't so bad, kinda too sweet for my taste, but overall , best bowl I had in Vegas and I've been here 11+ years. My Wife had Pho Ga and she enjoyed it (super picky eater, if I may add). How it was brought out was really different...the chicken is served on a plate. Perhaps if you want to dip it in other sauce ?Ohhh what I love is the Logan drink!! Most restaurant do not serve this! Haha and I'm a huge sucker for it. Ordered 2 ! The place is clean, staffs are friendly & more professional than most Vietnamese restaurant I've gone to here in Vegas. Food came out pretty quick for us.Definitely will be returning. Only one tiny problem...they don't serve Alcohol... (T-T) Maybe in the future ?
2	Geezus. I was enticed by the name because I love Nem Nuong (bbq pork meatball spring rolls) so we came here late one night after the RiSE festival.We got 2 orders of the nem nuong (1 order = 2 rolls for $4.99) The rolls do not compare to Brodard in Westminter, CA. It's quite expensive as well.We also got a variety of pho bowls which were also at inflated prices.I got the Beef Ball, Tendon, and Steak Pho ($8.95) and I could pick up all the noodles with one grab of my chopsticks. Seriously? And the meat was completely overcooked.What a disappointment for the most expensive bowl I've had. In addition, their service was extremely slow in bringing out the food. What happened to hours of broth simmering so that it's ready and all you need to do is toss some noodles and veggies in the bowl?I may be spoiled by the great vietnamese food in Orange County, CA but it doesn't excuse slow service and a bad bowl of stingy pho!
5	The staffs here are really nice and funny! I had great time here! Also!!! The food is super delicious. I think this place has the best pho in Las Vegas. I will definitely visit here again! This place is officially becoming my favorite pho restaurant!!
5	The nem nuong cuon (#1 on the menu) was amazing. It is something that you can not get anywhere else in Las Vegas. The restaurant offers the variety of foods. You are a fan of soup - they have pho, bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup), egg-noodle, and rice noodle soup. You are fond of rice - they have shaky beef served with white rice or red rice. Moreover, their signature broken rice served with grill beef and bbq pork chop was a must try. Their service was extremely friendly and nice. The waitresses and waiters were helpful and funny. I love how they kept checking and refilling the water. Their menu satisfy my need. The foods were delicious. The servers were pleasant. The atmosphere was warm. Why not coming back again for their others dishes?This place will now stay on top of my list.
5	The Nem Nuong here is AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! Tastes just like the Nem Nuong restaurants back in LA. The even have Banh Xeo here! By far, it's the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas! My friend said the Pho is really good too!
1	The worse Bun Bo Hue and bad com Bo Luc Lac, rice is dried,  Bun Bo Hue tasteless.  Not recommended.
4	The food was great, not a carbon copy of other restaurants. The staff was really polite, and we enjoyed everything!
5	Awesome nem nuong rolls. I love Brodards in oc and the nem nuong rolls here are up to par. We also ordered bun rieu, which my brother devoured, and the clear noodle soup #21, which was light and refreshing. The waitress was very attentive and kept refilling our hot teas and water. Will definitely come here again!
5	My new favorite Viet spot in town -I now don't have to make a 4 hour drive to So Cal (@ Brodard's) and get their famous Nem Nuong Spring Rolls - these are so damm addicting. It's better than crack !  Trust me, they do it just right with each spring roll made fresh to order, wrapped perfectly and everything inside is a symphony in your mouth with all the textural flavors.  Then you dip it in the sauce - rinse and repeat.  Order both the pork and the shrimp paste b/c they'll be gone before you know it.Also love their Chicken Pho here - they bring the chicken on the side with a sauce you dip it in.  Their Bo luc lac, shaking beef, is also pretty decent along with the Banh Khot, the smaller Banh Xeo.  I personally prefer the Banh Xeo b/c i love bean sprouts but if you want the Mini Me version, get the Banh Khot.Great cafe sua da -iced coffee too!
2	While pho  is within price range of other places, I can not say the same for their appetizer and rice dish.  Their rice dish is at $14 plate.  I think this place is trying to come off as an expensive Vietnamese restaurant but the location and ugly sign says otherwise.
5	Great food! I love their nem nuong, it's the best I ever have.  This restaurant is a subsidiary of the famous Brodard Chateau in OC. I love their banh canh tom cua, bun bo hue. Great place for Vietnamese cuisine in LV.
5	Our first time here at this restaurant and we love it!!  The staff are well trained and very knowledgeable about what customers crave.  Ask for Minh the manager!! He is amazing guy!!  You gotta try their Banh Canh Tom Cua!! It's the best!!  Bring the entire family and try what everyone is raving about!!  You will love it here!!  Enjoy and live free!!
5	Great pho and the nem nuong is as good as any place in Orange County. Location is a few miles from the strip and the service was excellent.
5	If you're from LA or OC you must know about Brodard for their rolls. Well, this place is damn well comparable and tastes exactly like Brodard. Pho was also tasty and flavorful and soup was very authentic. I like that the price is decent and they aren't trying to overcharge like other pho places in Chinatown. So if you're in Chinatown and wanting some authentic Vietnamese food, stop by this place and drive past other Asians places. It's worth a stop. Menu is very similar to Brodard.
4	Great Sandwich.
3	The famous Nem Nuong Rolls alone earns this place a solid five-star, however, it was the pho that was a let down.We walked into Nem Nuong on a quiet Tuesday night and only a few people were there. They did not have any music playing or anything for background noise so we awkwardly kept our conversation to somewhat of a whisper like the other diners.The Nem Nuong Rolls are absolutely delicious. What made them so good to me? The crunch is crucial and these rolls had it. Now to the pho.. When I was looking through the menu, I could see that the prices here were a bit higher than other pho places around. Maybe this meant that the broth and food would be promising? No. We both ordered a bowl of the Pho Tai Bo Vien. The broth was nearly tasteless (my boyfriend refers to it as hot lime water) and led to me packing it with a bunch of sauces.I'll be back for the Nem Nuong Rolls and to see if the other items on their menu offer more flavor.
5	great service delicious food! friendly staff :) i had the bun bo nuong, goi cuon nem, and a coconut. would definitely come back again
5	Amazing and fresh.. great service... coffee is strong, pho, rice, appetizers are all perfect. Come try , my family of four and I loved it.
5	It was really yummy, the waitress were so sweet and truly flowed our order, going back for sure.
4	We were specifically looking for a place open late and were led here by Yelpers.  Not busy on a Saturday night at 10pm.  They had a wide selection of food and the waitress gave us some recommendations (although we feel like we know what good pho is).   Anyway, we ordered the seafood pho and #47.  Both were great.  Broth was light and not heavy and it had a decent noodle to meat ratio.  Servers were attentive and constantly came by to check on us and refill our drinks.  We will definitely be back to try the rolls everyone is talking about!
5	I had the #20 which was BBQ beef, noodles, sprouts, cucumber, cilantro and other veggies, and 2 spring rolls. It came with sweetened fish sauce on the side. It was so fresh and delicious! My boyfriend had the #37 which was fillet mignon cubes and tomato fried rice with a side salad. His was great too. We also had some green tea. We didn't have to wait to be seated and our bill was $22. We are very satisfied customers; highly recommended!
5	New favorite spot in vegas. Excellent service! Nem Nuong just as good as Brodard. Bo luc lac is delicious!  You must  try this place when in Vegas!
4	I stumbled upon this restaurant on Yelp while looking for asian food in Chinatown, Las Vegas. I got excited that they offered Nem Nuong Spring Rolls and was even more happy to find out that they are the same family as Brodard's Restaurant in Orange County who are famous for their spring rolls!SETTING:The outside of the building doesn't look quite pleasing. Its part of a strip complex and looks a bit run down from the outside.But inside its clean and bright. Plenty of tables and chairs.Got seated immediately and ordered our drinks and appetizers.FOOD:Nem Nuong Spring Roll (2) $4.95(Sweet Pork Meat with Crunchy Eggroll Paper and Veggies)The spring roll itself was delicious. The sauce was average. It is a bit lacking in flavor compared to Brodard's famous dipping sauce. But I would still recommend it anyways.Banh Canh Tom Cua $8.95(Vietnamese Udon Noodle Soup with Crab, Shrimp and Shrimp Cakes)One of my favorite vietnamese dishes. It's not served at many places so I was excited to try this as well. Soup had a good light flavor and had many bits of real crab meat. The shrimp cakes were a bit lacking but at least there was also three juicy shrimps to go with it. The dish is also lightly sprinkled with green onions and fried onions.Overall good place to go for authentic Vietnamese food that is not expensive!!Another thing I liked about this place is that offered a lot of varieties!
5	We came here on a Friday evening and ordered 1. Nem nuong cuon - 2(4.95)- 2 rolls ea order 2. Banh canh tom cua, 8.953. Bun Tn NN CG, 8.954. TRA Thai, 2.955. hot tea for $34 (10% Yelp discount with purchase greater than $30)  - Watched Laker v spurs game. They're Lakers fans- Seated immediately. Excellent service. - Complimentary tea. - Spring rolls are great! Yummy sauce! The taste of lil saigon but not the pricing! Yes..Brodard.- Great vermicelli. solid.  - Definitely one of my go-to Viet restaurants in Chinatown.
5	AMAZING FOOD AND SERVICE! My family and I are from Orange County, so we're pretty picky with our Vietnamese food but the food here is just as good as the ones back home (if not better). The service was rather fast as well and our server is very accommodating and hospitable. We will definitely come back whenever we're in town from now on.
5	Yelp definitely brought me to this restaurant. The pictures of the crunch inside the spring rolls won me over. It was also the first recommendation from the waiter. The waiter provided us with excellent customer service and was super helpful and nice. We really appreciated and enjoyed his service. I got the pork spring rolls for the appetizer. It was amazing. I loved the crunch and the unique peanut sauce it came with. I loved it so much, I wanted to order the shrimp ones too, but I didn't want to get too full. I ordered the Com Ga for my entree. Very delicious! Lots of ginger flavor. The rice it comes with is cooked with chicken broth. I loved the cabbage salad on the side, served with fried garlic and a sweet slightly spicy sauce on top. I also loved the broth it comes with that also has a quail egg in it. Soooo freakin' good!I love this place. I can't wait to come back!
1	Never thought I would experience this at a Pho restaurant but walked in to empty tables that still had bowls and plates stacked. What was worse is that all the people sitting were still waiting for their Pho. Still waiting for their Pho, yes you heard that right. People were seated in 10 minutes but had to wait 20-30 minutes for Pho. Four servers just standing around waiting for the food to come out and not bussing tables. On top of that, they got our order wrong. No spoons or small dishes were available and got our wrong also. Failed on all areas and if you have to wait 30 minutes for Pho at a Vietnamese restaurant, it has FAILED.
1	Service was so bad we thought we were being pranked. Huge line of customers waiting, half the tables waiting to be bussed, multiple servers just waiting at the kitchen window for food, and the hostess tells us "it's going to be a while." What?!?! When we finally got seated, we had to walk around the dirty tables hunting for clean spoons and sauce dishes. When the spring and egg rolls arrived, we had no napkins or plates and the knife we asked for never came.  The table next to us were told they ran out of utensils, probably because they didn't clean tables. Waited over an hour for our pho!!! Were they making the soup from scratch??? Got 2 plates of veggies for 3 bowls of pho and our request for a third was ignored. By the time we left at 2pm, almost the entire restaurant was empty and they still hadn't cleaned the tables.
1	There are times when a restaurant works hard to earn their stars. This is one of those times. Any time you need to wait for 30 mins for pho, you've failed. Servers were hovering around the food counter waiting for slow arriving food from the kitchen. Tables were not bussed, no utensils or napkins were available at any of the tables. Multiple requests for items were either forgotten or ignored. It got so bad, even the servers were hunting for utensils. One of our table mates finished their meal before we even received our own orders. I don't know what happened today, but an explanation for the crap service would have been nice.
2	I'm giving this place a 2 because we waited for 45 min in line and 30 mins to order & 30 mins for food on Sunday afternoon when The restaurant is only 2/3 full. They did not have enough wait staff to clean the tables and wait on patrons.i felt bad for the wait because they looked so stressed/confused. They got our order wrong. The nem nuong (pork roll) was good but chao tom ( shrimp roll was not good). Wr ordered Pho ( beef noodle soup) but it never arrived so we gave up. Hopefully they will have more staff. This place has nice decor/ clean... Has alot of potential if they hire/train their wait staff.
4	#1 SIGNATURE APPETIZERCannot premake the cuons especially when wrapped with rice paper. If they sit too long...it loses its soft pliable texture and thus becoming stiff and less desirable. That was the case today in the midst of a lunch rush.Menu items ordered:1. Nem Nuong Cuon - Pork Spring Roll - grilled pork sausage wrapped  in rice paper with lettuce, cucumber, carrot, daikon and mint served with house special sauce... surprised it was stiff and stale...also can appreciate it's popularity....7. Canh Ga - 7 Chicken Wings... meaty and well seasoned9. Banh Khot - Luna Rice Cake - 7 mini crispy rice cakes filled with whole shrimp, mung bean and scallions, flavored with a dash of tumeric and served with Asian greens and lime chili and fish sauce... delightful11. Goi Bo - Spicy Beef Salad - Sautee beef marinated in Thai spices over lettuce, cucumber,  tomato and onion in house vinaigrette... great value and tasteWas it the surge of diners, inadequate waitstaff or overwhelmed or understaffed kitchen ?  After this lunch experience we should avoid the high noon "Okay Corral" madness and wait till after 1 pm. Have to mention that the kitchen refused to prepare our stir fried glass noodle order... couldn't handle the order with the onslaught of diners showing up all at once.
4	Pretty good for Vegas affair .. I like bodard from Cali better but it was delicious dinner
3	Definitely too much hype for this place. The service was good. Food was decent but not out of this world. We liked the crunch to the signature nem noung rolls. Banh khot was good. Beef salad was just okay. I'd give the place another try whenever I'm back in town.
1	Horrible food.  I trusted Yelp and stop by for dinner with my friends but disappointed.  Price very pricy compare to other Vietnamese restaurant around and food not good at all.  DO NOT eat here if you would like to eat vietnamese food.
4	I swear I didn't grow up under a rock, but I have no idea what or who Brodard's  is. But I came here on a whim and ordered the famous Nem rolls (first item on the menu!) and now I'm totally on board the Brodard train.. wherever it's going.The dipping sauce is fantastic, the mix of meats doesn't sound like it would work but it does. Add in fresh herbs and spring roll skins, and you've got a great snack or light meal for under $6- but I'm confident you couldn't actually share these with anyone, so either don't let anyone taste them or order a separate plate for each diner. Next visit, I plan to try out some of the other rolls, particularly the eggplant version.
