4	Sur La Table is expensive but also has every specialty cooking item you could ever want. They've got cooking appliances, a wide range of cookbooks, flatware, and so on. For example, I found a whet stone there for knife sharpening. If you're into cooking, it's a fun shop to browse, and the staff there is pretty helpful.
5	This place is heaven!  I don't actually buy a lot here, since some things are on the expensive side, but if you do need a specialty gadget for the kitchen (dumpling press, anyone?), this is the place to go.  They have a great cookie cutter section if you're into that (which I am), and they are often giving out coffee/latte/cappuccino samples.  I think it's a great place to buy gifts--even if they aren't that into cooking, you can find them something that will make their experience a little easier, or a little prettier.
4	I can lose myself as well as the sense of time when I set foot in Sur La Table.  They have anything and everything you never even imagined.  Tiny gadgets, huge gadgets, gadgets that you dont even need cause you can accomplish the same thing by being resourceful in the kitchen (like I do)  They are very interesting to look at though.  Its quite expensive - $8.99 for a medium sized cookie cutter??? It wasnt even lined with gold!  You'll even come across really cute things you will never use, like I did.  I bought two sets of six tiny forks with 2 prongs, they were very pretty and fancy looking, and werent cheap either. Unfortunately I got to used them once, when I served melon and watermelon balls, and that was 3 years ago!  So be careful and buy what you NEED not what you desire.  However, I did buy a bunch of other things that I do use, and I love.  Im still a fan of this cooking lover's paradise, I kill time here while my shopping buddies rack up more debt in stores like Michael Kors and the like.
4	Fancy kitchen store...so fancy, they don't even pronounce the "le" on "TabLE." Even if I pronounced it wrong, I felt right at home and instantly added a million things to my wish list. The sell everything for your kitchen you could imagine! My husband and I were joking while walking around and wondered if they sell dehydrators. Sure enough, we looked to the side of us and wouldn't you know a dehydrator was right there at our feet! If you like fancy espresso makers, you can try one out here and sip and shop.We found a great dish set here. The casual dinnerware prices are pretty comparable to other kitchen stores...we were sold! They have good after-season sales too! Got some patio dishes and drink ware at 30% off. If you need a vintage looking apron, specialty gadget, hostess gifts, or something fun for yourself check this place out. Even if you aren't a cook/chef, you'll inspire to be one after walking through this store! Yes, I'm eating in tonight...
5	This is my wife's new obsession.  It feels like every week we are going to look at the most random kitchen utensils and cookware.  But I must say this place is loaded full of good stuff.  Really as good as it gets.
4	Multiply the costs of already high-end kitchen gadgets and doodads with the exclusivity of the Southpark Mall and you'll find Sur La Table's collection of anything you could possibly need for food preparation at home. Knives, small appliances, bakeware, cookware and utensils. All top end. All expensive.I was pleased to find the clearance rack in the back corner, where I spotted a slightly less expensive version of the veggie peeler and the knife sharpeners I needed. Score!
5	I only needed a "Pinch" and I got so Much more!  Photo, I took shows how much more!This is a great Cooking Store!  The Staff is VERY friendly and knowledgeable, at least about the merchandise they offer!  Global and Shun Knives, I'm waiting!  Today I just wanted a "pinch" and I Dream of Steel!Update 5 -22 -2013 Battle of the Knives Round One is OVER!  "G-4" Global is the Winner!  Only Because I have experience with Global and I like the Lighter Weight and the one Piece Simplistic Design!  My Bride like Global a lot too!
5	All I can say is ---Ka-Ching!
4	For all things cooking, Sur La Table is pretty awesome. Can it be expensive? Sure, but they carry those pricey brands that are similarly priced at other retail outlets. Le Creuset, Cuisinart, Wusthof, Vitamix, etc. I don't really cook, but Sur La Table almost inspired me to do so. I'm especially fond of checking out the section of various fun-colored spatulas, whisks, mixing spoons and such. Seriously, if you're looking for a fun (or serious) gift for a chef of any caliber, Sur La Table probably has something up his or her alley.
4	I am such a sucker for kitchen tools, gadgets & as Bruce called them, "doodads"!  Sur La Table is a place where my type of people (read "suckers") can get lost in plenty of "ooooh, I need that!"On the hunt for a corn silker gadget, I stopped in today.  Luckily, a helpful employee led me right to the perfect tool from "Chef'n". I'm a big fan of Chef'n products, as I own several of their kitchen tools.  For what this particular gadget was, it was $7.95. Ouch! However, my parents needed it, so reluctantly I shelled out $17.05 (tax included) for two of these. The store has so much product, it would be easy to spend a lot of time (& money) in here. However, everything is laid out & presented neatly.  Items are all priced, so you know exactly how much you're spending. As others mentioned, they carry the top brands in kitchen items. This store would be great for wedding or housewarming gifts. Speaking of, they do have gift registry now. :)
5	Cherry pitters! All-Clad cookware! Spices! Damascus chef knives! WONDERFUL staff!
4	I'm so addicted, especially to there sales rack. Head to the back of the store bottom shelves first. There's always something good. That being said anytime I need anything for my kitchen I go here. A good knife set, here, silpats, good baking chocolate, odds and ends, mixers. Also check out last years models. They will always be on sale and if anything goes wrong they will not hassle you on returns like some stores do.
5	Do you need anything for your kitchen?  I mean *anything*... this is your place.  Due to poor hand strength and tremors, I break a lot of dishes (a LOT of dishes...) and I have learned the hard way that while Corelle is pretty sturdy for everyday bangs and whatnot, if you drop a Corelle dish of any kind from 4' in the air (I am a tall girl) onto tile flooring, it sends razor sharp shrapnel that imbeds itself in cabinetry, skin and appliances - so I needed to replace my dishes.I kind of knew what I wanted, but was having trouble A. finding it and B. finding it at a reasonable price.  While strolling through Southpark, I saw Sur La Table and thought I might as well try it.  SCORE!  I found the square clear glass dishes that I wanted and they were incredibly reasonably priced (seriously).  Not only that, I found a great set of metal measuring spoons and some great dish towels to boot.  The VERY helpful staff wrapped all of the dishes very well (8 dinner plates, 8 smaller plates and 8 bowls) and offered to meet me down at the elevator area in the parking garage so I didn't have to carry the heavy, breakable items through the mall - customer service doesn't get any better than that in this day and age.They do have a lot of expensive items (a girl can dream about Le Creuset...), but I was surprised to find some items priced comparable to Bed, Bath and Beyond - and don't forget to check out their clearance/sale items.I pulled my vehicle around as told and loaded up my dishes.  Great items (so many items) at a great price and amazing customer service.
5	My recipe says I need a flour sifter. It's a grand occasion, let me just pop in to SurLaTable and grab me a nice cookie cutter.I need a nice wooden citrus reamer.I know I do not have to worry, because Sur La Table will have just about everything for your kitchen essentials. Place - packed with kitchen gadgets and goods for cooking, baking, drinking, and all the galore. Sometimes it seems chaotic with all the knick-knacks.Prices - truthfully, they are a bit pricier than if you were to go to HomeGoods or Macy's. But just wait out for the sale or browse through the clearance/sale section - you'd be surprised to find something that you would need. Or do what I do, screw it and just buy the darn thing because you have a recipe that HAS TO BE DONE THAT day (cause you cannot be bothered looking around the mall or other stores).Service - kind and attentive. The cashiers are nice and they always questioned what is would use with the gadget. It's a great way to get a conversation going.
4	Simply one of the best overall kitchen stores out there....just nipping out Williams Sonoma. They have some really good, top end stuff, and some not so top end stuff. What is troubling is that many of their seemingly "top end" items are made in China! Now I don't mind paying for great quality cooking toys that are made in: the USA, France, Portugal, Spain, Italy, and even Japan. But China? It's poor quality and will NOT last yet they charge you as if it was made in France. Ok, enough ranting. I DO love Sur La Table because they DO sell stuff made in the aforementioned countries! I bought my entire Revol (Made in France) Bakeware here, and this bakeware is THE BEST! Super even cooking and superb quality. It wasn't cheap but nothing of that quality is. They have a great knife selection, and so many gadgets and gizmos that will make your head spin! But again, make sure you look to see where this stuff is made......Yes I AM a Fan of Sur La Table! And try their cooking classes too! GREAT value for what you get!
