5	I was referred to Dr. Stacey Hoffman and Vet Care Internal Medicine Specialists when three other local vets had unsuccessful results with treating a respiratory issue in my chow chow. Over the period of 9 months she underwent several rounds of various medications, had a bronchoscopy, tracheal and bronchial washes, biopsies... you name it. This may sound extreme, but I was going through similar issues at the same time and both myself and my pulmonologist thought perhaps there was a common denominator, so I was really hoping to find an answer for both of us. As the last two vets ran out of options, they both suggested that I take Zoe to an internist. I didn't even know there was such a thing! There are only a couple in the state, but everyone involved agreed that there was only one option, as Dr. Hoffman is considered to be one of the leading Veterinary Internists in the entire southwest. In fact, since having visited her practice, I have found out that people travel from all over the US to see her. Taking your pet to Dr. Hoffman is unlike any other experience I have ever had. The service is literally on par with what you would receive if you were seeing a specialist yourself. The office arranged for all my records to be available prior to Zoe's visit. The office then called me to set up the visit and provide a consultation. Based on Zoe's medical records, potential treatment options were reviewed and an overview of the process was provided. Basic costs estimates were provided so I knew what I was in for and then the appointment was set. In order to minimize the stress on your pet, it is common to schedule time for the potential procedures along with your first consultation. So after my first phone call with the office, we had a game plan already defined. Prior to my visit, Dr. Hoffman had thoroughly reviewed the file (I knew this because she had notes). She spent about one hour with me reviewing the records, performing an exam, and discussing treatment options. Once we had determined what she could use from previous treatments (biopsy results, etc.) I was given an estimate and Zoe went back in for her procedure. There were regular communications from the office as to her progress throughout the day and when I went to pick her up; I was given a package of information that rivaled anything that I had received from my own physicians. I was sent home with the appropriate medications and was called on several subsequent days to check on her status. Follow up care, which is still ongoing (a couple of months later) was provided via phone consultations in order to minimize Zoe's stress and to avoid office charges for myself. Overall, my experience at Vet Care was exemplary. It's not cheap, but if your pet has a serious issue, the multiple visits required elsewhere can quickly add up to more than your visits here and the level of service is unparalleled. Dr. Hoffman has elevated veterinary care and offers both professionalism and sensitivity. I really can't recommend her enough!
5	The doctors and staff at VetCare are a cut above the rest! When our best friend, Harley, was injured and needed specialized care, we were immediately referred to VetCare Internal Medicine. I was amazed at the level of medical care he received as well as the compassion of the doctors and staff. Everyone there treated Harley as if he was their own pet, not just another anonymous dog. Dr. Eberhardt was extremely thorough in his exam and presented all the various treatment options in easily understood terms. They contacted me throughout the day to let me know how Harley was doing. And when I picked him up, not only did they verbally go over his medication and recovery plan, but they also had everything printed out ahead of time for me so I could refer to it as needed. Harley's follow-up care was just as impressive as his first visit. Dr. Eberhardt regularly checked up on his recovery and even suggested some maintenance and preventative treatment for a chronic condition he has. Both Dr. Eberhardt and Dr. Hoffman are extremely knowledgeable and compassionate. And I gladly recommend them to every pet owner I know!
5	stacey hoffman is the best. i take my animals there when they need a second opinion, all of them have been to see her. she took a rock out of my bloodhound's stomach and he walked out of her office that day like nothing ever happened to him. she has helped me with my cushinoid dog and another with multiple extrahepatic shunts and pancreatic insufficiency. she always gives an easy to understand, straight forward opinion and is usually avaiable to answer a question or two when needed. we are really lucky to have her in phoenix.
5	I found Vetcare internal medicine online early one morning when I was in a frantic state of mind because my dog was up all night shaking with a fever over 105F. The veterinarian that I was using at the time was unavailable and treating my dog for a suspected bacterial infection or valley fever. He was getting large doses of an antibacterial and an antifungal. I called vetcare and explained the reason I we wanted to be seen, and they got me in first thing in the AM. We saw Dr. Eberhardt, and he was awesome. He explained everything to me and ultimately came to the conclusion that my dog had valley fever (although we had a negative titer), he discontinued the antibacterial and adjusted his antifungal medication which made a HUGE difference. Dr. Eberhardt treated my dog for approximately one year for the valley fever. My pet has since been Valley fever free, and back to normal. I am so grateful for the vetcare staff.
