5	I hv my nails done few days ago. It's my first time to try acrylic nails n they just fit even though my own nails r too flat n wide. The technician was skillful n patient! My experience here was wonderful! I will return without doubt!! ^o^
4	Outstanding service and terrific promotions these days. Yesterday I went with a friend and we got side-by-side mani/pedis.  Our appt started on time and we were able to sit together and even had breakfast delivered from the restaurant next door. Very friendly staff. Love this place and highly recommend it.
5	Such great friendly service for the right price and awesome deals (: and they always get my eyebrows shaped perfect!
5	These people know how to run a business. I came in to redeem my Groupon for a gel manicure and pedicure and started with a really sweet girl who wasn't phased by my runners toe, gave an epic massage and TLC to my hands and feet. It ended up taking a bit longer (2 hours) than expected, so I had to leave before I could finish the nail art I had planned. She told me to come back the next day and she'll finish everything. I called yesterday at 5 to see if they could finish up as well as fix some imperfections I had seen: unpainted section on my pinky toe, really sheer polish on 2 other toes, and my nails needed another coat because they were also so light that I could still see my nail underneath.  When I arrived, the previous girl wasn't there (and is no longer) so they set me up with Kitty. Apparently to put another coat of gel polish, you have to sand down the top coat. This had to be done to 13 of my nails, but in the end, everything was fixed and my color looks perfect. Kitty took her time and made the nail art exactly like the picture of dandelions I had brought in (see photo). When there was a mistake, she erased it and started over. I really appreciate people who take the initiative to fix things without me awkwardly having to point them out. An hour and a half later, the owner Crystal told me everything was free of charge (I'm assuming because the process ended up taking close to 4 hours on two separate days). I left a nice tip for Kitty and will return because Crystal knows how to run a business and listens to the customer. When I first arrived and showed her my nails asking for another coat, she didn't scoff or act like I was wasting their time, she knew it needed to be done and got somebody on it. That's some pretty bad*** customer service.Also, they do neat 3D nail art! I will definitely check that out on my next visit.
5	I highly recommend everyone to this place. I had an appointment at 4:30, but due to things coming up & traffic, I needed to push it back. When I called the staff was more than accommodating and allowed me to take the last appointment time of 6. They completely took their time with me & even though they closed at 7, they stayed until almost 8 to finish my mani/pedi. OMG! They didn't even rush anything. Most people would want to hurry & leave but they didn't. When I kept apologizing for it taking so long, the girls kept telling me to relax & enjoy. So amazing! This place is far from where I live but it is so worth the drive and money!! It's hard to find genuine nail salons in this town that are sweet AND do a good job. This place does both!!
5	This place is awesome. The entire time in looking for the most reviewed places I had never checked this place out! I'm do glad I did! I got pink and whites and they did it so well. I was very pleased. I like that they have the big screen with a movie on to watch too!! My new spot!!!
4	soo, i drove all the way from aliante and the 215 just to get my nails done here. I called to make an appt with no problems.then,i made myself look like a fool by getting lost and being 10 minutes late. great first impression on my part. pssh! even so, they still took me right in no problems. just fyi, i DO recommend getting there a few minutes early if you scheduled an appt to go through everything they have to offer. especially if you plan on doing any 3d nail art.anyway,I had all three women work on me which made me feel inconvenient. the first lady was not sure how to flare the tips. another ps by the way, if youre looking to get duck tips (flared) make sure theres someone there that can do them. after she said she wasnt able to I was moved to the next lady who did nearly everything else. then the third girl who applied the 3d pieces. everyone was very nice and very professional. they played tangled and smurfs on tv which i loved. im almost 24 in years, but im still 5 at heart. =)they have super cute 3d art available.including rhinestone mickey heads which HELLO, if youve been keeping up with my reviews, i have an obsession with disneyland.the price was reasonable as well. to me at least, who averages about 80 bucks on a set. I was only charged $65 total.$50 for the glitter tips, $5 for the flare, and $5 per 3d piece (one on both ring fingers).i plan on coming back to this place for sure. every two weeks!
4	Very good service. I spent a little too long getting a mani-pedi here but I left with one of the best sets of nails on the west. Perfect for the new year's eve celebration!
4	I have never had a manicure before. I was feeling like I really needed to get my nails taken care of today and I have seriously been considering dipping my fingers into the manicure world. I just so happened to be on the Westside of town going out of my way to visit a few places I've been meaning to get to. So, as I was driving down Durango I decided to look for a nail salon. I happened upon More Than Nails, read Yelp reviews and decided hey why not!I was a walk-in on a Wednesday morning (about 10:45 AM) and there were two patrons and three people working. I was greeted and asked what I would like. Well, considering I'm a newbie I just stated I wanted a manicure. I was directed to select a nail color from the wall. I picked a pretty dark pink with a slight shimmer from OPI and was lead to start my manicure.It was very pleasant and there was a movie playing overhead that I watched. The lady doing my nails was not very talkative, but very meticulous and nice. She seemed surprised I had never had a manicure done before.At the end I had a bit of a surprise, my manicure had only cost $12 and in order to use a card here you must purchase a minimum of $15. I was pretty flabbergasted  and asked if there was anything I could purchase to push the amount of money up. Luckily they were able to issue me a $3 gift certificate. So, with my GC I plan to go back for a mani-pedi and I will make an appointment this time. Overall it was very nice. I am a newbie to all this, but I think my first experience was great. By the way, they offer a 10% discount for checking in on Yelp! I will partake of this offer later when I spend a bit more than $12!
1	I do not recommend this place! I purchased groupon for the gel manicure and pedicure. I was defintely not satisfied. It was not worth the drive. In plus, they charged an extra five dollars for shellac, opi and other high quality nail polishes. That's ridiculous. On top of that, the pedicure sucks!
1	So much for the "Walk Ins Welcome" signs all over their door and windows. I walked in mid-morning on a Thursday and was pretty rudely told that I'd have to come back. When I said, "No, I won't be back because I live on the other side of town," he shrugged and mumbled "Sorry." Nope, I won't be back.
5	Loved this place! I was a walk-in and the staff was friendly and helped me right away.They have a huge selection of nail art including 3D nail art if you're into that and a ton of gel colors.They also have complimentary beverages and free wi-fi so patrons can take advantage of the Yelp Check-In Offers and follow them on FB for their special offers. They also have a stamp card so you can get even more discounts! But the compliments I received after having my nails done here sealed the deal!
3	The staff was really friendly but my pedicure wasn't that great.. They only put two layers of polish! The chairs were really comfortable though and the lady was gentle with my ticklish feet.
2	They were below OK.  The establishment was clean enough and the service pleasant enough however they charged an extra $5 for color block designs for 4 fingers which didn't even come out looking professional although the design was literally just 2 colors painted side by side on one nail.  I even brought a picture which they completely ignored.I only get gel nails which I'd like to last 3 weeks since they charge $30-35 depending on gel polish brand per manicure but they didn't paint the entire surface of the nail so it looked like it needed to be redone after only a week.  I was really disappointed since they had great reviews.
5	Any time I need a pedicure, this is our spot to go!  The service is friendly and even if you don't make an appointment, I don't feel like I ever have to wait very long.  They do have a stamp card so you can get 20% discounts after 4 manicures or pedicures.  They usually have a movie playing, the seats are comfy and I never have any complaints!  Highly recommend if you are looking to treat yourself:)
4	Friendly service, clean and nice pedicure
4	They do some quality work on this salon.  They are very gentle (as my prone-to-cuts toes will attest to), yet get the job done.  I have had Kevin, Alice, and Yuki all work on me.  I think I prefer Yuki, but Kevin and Alice did great jobs as well.The place is welcoming, has free wifi, a loyalty card where every 5 visitis earns you 20% off, and a Yelp check in offer of 10%.  They always have some very interesting, lost in time movies playing, which always without a doubt draw me in.  Once I got really engrossed in Daddy Day Care and didn't want to leave because I needed to find out how it ended!!  Another time, Alice and I had a deep conversation about the logicalness of the vampire baby in Twlight.  Deep, philosophical stuff right there.I like it!
4	Yuki and Alice are both great nail techs! I have gone in several times for gel polish and every time it lasts for three weeks! No peeling, chipping or lifting and it only runs $30, which is about $5-$10 less than anywhere else I have gone.
4	The best place in Vegas and I've tried several.  They are only the best though if you go Yuki. She's awesome.  They are very pricy and I can't even say its really worth it but to avoid feeling ripped off someplace else, I continue to come here.  I so miss CA!
4	My technician was great. She did a wonderful job on my nails and remained quick and efficient while doing it. I typically get gel nail polish because it lasts longer and as of now it has stayed on for 2 full weeks. No chips or scuffs. The place was relatively clean, i've seen worse and i've seen better, it was adequate and felt comfortable getting a manicure. I wasn't overly impressed with their pedicure area so I skipped that day. This location is pretty far from my house, so unless i'm in the area I probably won't be returning.But, on the off chance that i'm in the area and that I need another manicure I will def stop in.
1	I was really unhappy with the service. I came here because I read the good reviews on yelp, but now I know not to go to the first place I click on with good reviews. From the moment I walked in they weren't friendly, and the communication was horrible. Every question I asked & request was not understood. The fill took way longer than necessary. I was charged $5 more for gel when I asked for regular polish..just overall an unhappy experience.
2	My experience was average. Wasn't amazing. Customer service was lacking. I do like my nails. $80 for acrylics (pink n white french) and pedi with design on 2 toes. Still looking for my regular nail salon :(
5	Love Kevin! My acrylics never break when i get my nails done here!
4	Okay, so everytime I come here the quality of work is hit and miss. I love that they have a %10 off Yelp check-in offer and %20 off every 5 visits with a customer card. They always have an interesting movie playing and it makes the service go by so much quicker- because unfortunately they can take forever to complete a job whether it be a mani or pedi or GEL color. The staff is always friendly and accommodating. So far, I've never had to wait a long time to get started, walk ins are welcome also!
5	After looking through many reviews of nail salons in the area of town that I was going to be in, I choose More Then Nails. The majority of the comments were good and the prices stated seemed reasonable. I made an appointment and they got to work right away. Of course doing pedi first. It was great! I love when they actually take longer then a second to massage my feet and calfs. I did have to tell her not to use the mircoplane. Aka cheese grater. But that didn't turn me off as most places still use this practice. On to my nails, I'm super picky about my nails which is one reason why I quit getting them, the other they tear up your nails like nobody's business. But as I've hit a milestone birthday my nails have began to peel with no help from anything else I decided if they're going to peel and look bad then I guess I'll get them done. So in my choosing I looked at the pictures carefully. I like them shortish and straight, on all sides and I don't like the acrylic to be applied thick. I specified these things before she started. I asked for the glitter acrylic on the tips and the base clear. I know I know, I don't know the process and steps involved but I didn't want to get too far in and she'd have to redo something so maybe I spoke up to much. She wouldn't cut them as short as I would have liked them to be. Some look like the flared duck goose whatever the popular thing is these day (I hate them BTW) and some are not filed even on the tips and some are still a tad too thick. I was in there for two hours and had an appointment following or else I might have been more specific on the corrections. Now to pay, I had my 10% off yelp check in, it saved me $8. Yep, the way I broke it down in my head was $50 for a set, ok so I get the glitter acrylic was probably extra so $55. Which leaves me with a $25 pedicure. But if I compare the picture of the girl that paid $50 for duck nails and rhinestones on four fingers how does that make sense? Anyhow, I'm a good tipper but I did not leave on the original amount. In the end my nails and my feet are nice and I do love the pink glitter tips. I would return for a second chance to see if they are more accepting to how I like them to look in the end. Overall the visit was nice. The place is clean and organized. Free wifi and movies playing that you can actually see without straining your neck to watch. Ok I'm giving them five stars because I have yet to meet a nail salon to do at least that.
5	The orange scrub on your legs and feet feels so good! Very relaxing, very nice staff.
2	Not happy about their service. The nails were not painted well. They don't shape them well or sand them down to be smooth. I found they weren't experienced but did try to fix the mistakes though since I didn't have time to spend to teach them how to do nails. I had gone in to have a change of color and it took them an hour bc my lady was using so much polish it was sliding off the nail. Eventually someone else had to finish and they didn't do that well either. Then they made me pay more since it took so long. I won't be returning. I need a place that at least knows how to paint a nail. This was not my first time here. It was my third (pedicure, fill, color change) and each time I was sad that they didn't do a nice job. Friendly people though. Mostly.
2	Kevin and Tammy seem super nice. Christine has a nasty attitude she does a horrible job. She does not know how to speak to costumers. She really is a b.tch. Tammy had to redo them. Never going back! .
1	Went here on a Tuesday afternoon, only 2 people working and 3 customers. I got a gel polish change and wasn't very satisfied with the service. The 2 employees would bounce back and forth between me and the 2 other guests. I got a rockstar gel color and it peeled off about 2 hours later. Extremely disappointed since the glitter gel usually last 2-3 weeks. Definitely won't be back.
5	I love coming here, Kevin is amazing at what he does!! If I don't like something, or want it changed; there is never a problem. Prices are affordable and good for the quality of work. Thanks More Than Nails!!!
5	Love it! Very nice and always showing the newest, I mean newest movies so inpatient people like me who hate to sit n get nails feet and eyebrows done can enjoy!
4	This is my go-to nail place since its so close to where I work. They have a big selection of gel colors (including lots of glitter colors -- my fav!) as well as regular nail polish. They usually have a movie playing so you can watch while they work, but they also have a nice selection of magazines. They do allow walk-ins, but I always call ahead to make sure because they can get really busy and are short staffed on occasion. I only get a gel manicure with 1 color and they always do a good job. And they give you a 20% off after 5 visits card!
5	I am a customer there for 8 years , people in there are so nice and they do a prefect job !!! I used to had acrylic nails there, it was awesome !! Now ~ I've switched to gel . I love it !!they did prefect gel nails for me ! Last for a long time !!!! They are my favorite place in Vegas !!
5	My favorite nail salon in Vegas by far. I highly recommend for the best customer service and massage. The owners take pride in their salon and I tell all my friends to go there. I have plenty salons closer to my home but the extra few minutes is well worth it.
2	I tried this place for the first time today with a friend. The place was clean and the staff was ok. I wouldn't really say friendly because they barely spoke with us. The regular manicure was $12  which was ok, and they charged my friend $35 for the gel manicure. You had to spend at least $15 to pay with your credit card. The service was ok. She cleaned my nails ok and cleared them out. When she put the nail polish I didn't notice anything wrong but after the nail polish dried up bubbles started to come out in all of my nails. By the time I was in my car all of my nails had this little bubbles coming of the polish. Not sure if they are thinning the opi nail polish with something but definetly not good quality. My friend choose a marron tone for the gel polish and it ended up looking nude. Definetly not coming back. If you want something fast at an ok price then go here but don't expect quality.
5	Lu took such incredible precision to create the gel manicure I requested. I've never had a manicurist have such great attention to detail.  She's fantastic and has earned my continued business!  Thanks Lu!
