3	Not bad...Not bad at all.  It's basically a buffet with 99% chinese food.  The other 1% consisted of sushi (which I never trust at a buffet) and Jello. I think it was $8 for lunch and impressive variety of food choices for the price.  Drinks are included too!   They had a lot of different stir-fry's, BBQ beef, chicken, and fish dishes.  There's a hot bar too where you pile noodles, veggies and meats together and hand it to the chef where he cooks it right in front of you.  I give it 3 stars because after that first dish, it was good but I didn't feel like going back for more.  Even though there was a variety of food, the oil in the stir fry and meats just kinda gets to you if you go beyond the first plate. It was just a yelp rating says "A-Ok".
4	I  recently wanted to go to a buffet and decided to try Pacific Buffet it had recently opened in our area...i was surprised on how many different food options were at the buffet, and the food was good.  You should give it a try you won't be disappointed.
3	This is now the closest Chinese buffet to my house, so I was bound to try it at some point. We went this past Saturday night after hearing so many friends tell us about it. The parking lot was so packed we almost changed our mind, yet the place was so large we were seated right away. The service was excellent, drinks were constantly refilled and plates were taken away consistently. The Mongolian Wok part was really nice in the fact that you get to pick your meat as well as your veggies. They had shrimp, calamari, pork, beef and chicken. I put alot of shrimp and a little bit of calamari, then added some rice noodles and veggies. The Chinese food selection was nice, your standard buffet fare (orange chicken, honey chicken, beef and broccoli, etc.). My kids loved the BBQ pork spareribs. The crab legs were decent the hubby said. I tried the raw oysters and they were good too. My fave had to be the green bean dish and the asparagus dish. They were both cooked to the perfect texture and were so flavorful. They have soft serve ice cream and a selection of cakes and fruits, none of which I had room for. I googled the restaurant and found a coupon, so do the same if you plan on going. Oh, and they also started charging for drinks, which they used to include in the price of the buffet. The price for adults was 11.99 and the kids were 4.99.
2	Arrived right at opening so I was anticipating some fresh, piping hot dishes waiting for us (my family) right off the bat. However ... Some of the dishes looked like it was from the day before, just heated up. Other dishes were pretty tasteless even after adding seasoning. My dad's only comment was the following: At least the lemon wedges they offer were big slices. He squeezed lemon over a few of the selections to add taste. The service was awesome. I would hope so as there were less than ten parties in the whole place. Plates were cleared right away and drinks were refilled right quick too. If I could give a half star, I would have rated this place 2.5 stars because of the excellent service.
4	It seems the previous reviews were expecting a fine chinese dining experience.  I like buffets, but I don't expect them to be great.  I like being able to try many different items.  For these reasons, I enjoyed my meal at the Pacific Buffet.  The sushi items were better than any buffet I have been to.  I enjoyed the cream cheese wontons, the sweat and sour soup, the fried pork, and the shrimp dishes.  The deserts were dry and flavorless.  I didn't know I had to pay for my drink, but the tab still only came out to be $8 and change for lunch.  I did not leave room for the mongolian wok.  Will try it next time.If you come with reasonable expectations, you will enjoy.
1	Why did i waste money here again? should have just gone to red robin's.My expectations aren't high when it comes to chinese buffets but gahh...C'mon...Wtheck... Usually one would find at least one thing in a chinese buffet that they would like.. something hot, tasty, oily.. but no not even close, not one thing was good Everything was bland and the food was seriously poor quality. Everything plainly sucked.. All of it!! plus I could understand that the hostess was new.. but you shouldn't run around chasing after customers and telling us where to sit without directing us, like we own the place?.. jeez. Sucky food... I was seriously thinking of another reason to five them another star butttttt total waste of money. I would just stick to Buffet @ asia for a cheap chinese buffet im sorry but NEVER AGAIN.
2	2 1/2 stars to give them a little bit of credit.  Really, this Chinese buffet is a MEH.  And I like to eat at my cheap Chinese buffets!  The food for me just isn't up to cheap eats par...I can't explain it.The decor of this place is funny because it doesn't exactly scream Asian or Oriental.  The restaurant I think used to be a steak house of some sort and it shows.  The colors and everything kinda remind you of a log cabin.  Talk about confusing!  You'd think you were going to have some kind of Asian fusion cuisine.  Unfortunately it's far from anything like that.  Service is ok, fast on refills for your drinks, just don't expect lots of smiling faces and casual banter.  I've been there for lunch a few times and it's just good enough to maybe get you full.  The food is standard of what you would find in lots of Chinese buffets here in Vegas, Beef Broccoli, Won Tons, Egg Drop Soup, Orange Chicken, Mongolian Beef, salad bar, sushi bar, and a tiny dessert bar.  Of course you have your required Cheese Pizza here at the restaurant (which is always very cheesy), and there is a stir fry station where you can concoct your own creation and that's not too bad.  There are a few different items there, such as Fried Frog Legs.  They have these Fried Chicken Wings which are excellent (I think because of the sprinkling of MSG afterwards) especially with a squeeze of lemon, and a dip in some ketchup.  Just make sure to get them while they are fresh out of the oil and piping hot.  If you eat lunch on the weekend at Pacific Buffet it's an all day dinner menu so you do get things like New York Steak, oysters, and crab legs.  However, the rest of the standard fare is well....just standard.  The quality for me just isn't there!  And I have low standards at a Chinese buffet!  Most of the food is mediocre, and often times it tastes like it's been sitting there under the heat lamp just a little bit too long.  And don't get me started on the sushi station.  I get a wee bit scared when your sushi is just a shade over room temperature.  Salmonella, start your engines!  Just not my thing.  If you're going to eat here keep an eye out for the freshest trays of food that come out from the kitchen, it's your best bet.  If all the food was rotated more often, I could see the ratings go up a bit.  We continue to go there only because it is the closest Chinese buffet to our place.  The prices are reasonable, around $7 for lunch on weekdays and $11 for dinner.  Saturday and Sunday is all day dinner menu for $11.  Drinks will set you back a little over $1 per person.  It's funny because they have had their 'Grand Opening' sign outside their doors and it's been almost a year now since they've been open. Really, only go here if you're in a pinch and feel like living dangerously every once in a while by risking some food poisoning or trichinosis!  Nah, just kidding!  Well....I think I am!
3	For the money, there is not a better Asian buffet in this part of town.  The food is ok overall.  Some dishes are quite good.  The staff is friendly.  The restaurant is clean.  They keep the buffet full and warm.Again, for the money, you won't find a better option around here.
1	Well, we should have read the reviews BEFORE we walked in the door.  As others have said, we don't usually have high expectations for Asian Buffets, but the Pacific Buffet is the worst we have ever tried.  The first clue was very few cars in the parking lot on an early Sunday evening.  Most of the dishes looked as if they had been sitting for long enough to appear dried out and the selection of Sushi items were largely flavorless not to mention 'risky'.  They have ice cream selections for dessert, however patrons must dip the scoops themselves from large freezer containers and the ice cream scoop was sitting in a bucket of filthy water...UGH!!!  We picked at a few of the items that looked the least offensive and left hungry...Never again.
