1	This place sucks.  No customer service skills, just a bunch of monkeys getting in your face hustling you.   One individual named bernard got in my face for no apparent reason.    No professionals here thats for sure.   Discount tire on the other hand are always there for ya.   And friendly.
1	My son failed a smog test on his well maintained 2005 car so he ran over to Tire Works for them to take a look at. They charged him $91.00 to run a diagnostics test and they came back with the exact same "codes" that were listed on the smog test. They gave an estimate of $904 to do the repairs.We took the car to another mechanic for a 2nd opinion and ended up spending $90 to fix the problem causing the car to not pass the smog test and and an estimate of $420(along with the HONEST advise that the work could wait another month) to do the remaining work.Their customer service sucked. When we mentioned that the car had been there a month earlier for them to look at because a service light had come on the manager was very defensive saying that he had just taken over 2 weeks before. Doesn't look like he is doing much better than the previous manager.
1	Have been a Tireworks customer for 16 months and spent over $3,000 there. I bought 2 sets of tires for 2 cars there and had maintenance done. One time they said I needed brakes and didn't and next visit they said I didn't. I got a quote on tires for my car and was charged $100 more. I had an alternator put in and a box said it was remanufactured and they denied it and broke my windshield wiper fluid casing and admitted not checking fluids in oil change. I called Susan the district manager and she had manager shane call me to bring car in and he did. I called Shane and he said car was fixed and mechanic called me 10 minutes later and said it was not and was a sensor. I called Susan again and she had another store call me and say they can fix problem but can't do it on weekend when I'm off. I will never return to Tireworks again. They suck and scam you.
5	After having the prior problems with this store. Mike Hodge contacted me and is the area sales manager and he was horrified by my story and my experience. He had me go to the silverado ranch Tireworks store and rectified everything and got my windshield wiper sensor and unit put in and I paid for parts and he had the labor covered. Delin the store manager and Tyler who is mikes son and Corey and Ralph and mike the mechanic was very good. I highly recommend any tire problems or mechanical problems to take your vehicle to the 1280 silverado ranch blvd store.
1	Worst experience ever! I will not be returning to this location. . Went in for an oil change the guy said it was a two hour wait and asked if I would like to make an appointment for the next morning. . So I did. When I showed up to the appointment I over heard the manager handling a customer complaint not sure what the mechanic did wrong to her car but that mechanic no longer works there and she was getting her car fixed again. So I was waiting for the guy to bring out my air filter and show me that it needed to be changed. . After an hour I started to wonder why it was taking so long so I went to look and my car was in the lot. The guy noticed me and proceed to cash me out. I asked if everything was good, and he said yea! Wrong answer. . I know from my last oil change that I needed my air filters replaced and my radiator flushed. . Which I was going to have done today, obviously they didn't even care to check!
5	Total car care.I have a 1998 BMW 740iL with Dinan upgrades. Therefore, I am very careful about who performs ANY work/repairs/maintenance on my car.I stumbled across this shop when I needed an alignment badly. It is located up the street from my office. So, I asked some questions and liked the answers.Not only did they perform the alignment to my satisfaction, but they gave me a year warranty! I then had them perform some other maintenance work.Two weeks later I had a concern with the check engine light and brought the car back in and they resolved the problem.I highly recommend this shop.
1	I really disapointed with this store.A while ago a guy come to my store to sell a card with discounts and I bought looks to be a good deal ( 20 dollars card saying" OVER 400 DOLLARS IN SAVINGS").So I send my brother to change the oil that's is supose to be free, plus tax of course. Well as far as I know our tax in Clark County is 8.1%. So the store charge him about 8 dollars in tax ( Is the service a 100 dollars value to change the oil? Because 8 dollars in tax the service is supose to be around a 100 dollars, right?).So today I decided to change the oil on my other truck. The guy saw the card ( discount one) on my hands and told me he needs about one hour to change the oil or I could make an appointement. I didn't have the time. I was going home but I decid to come back to make the APPOINTEMENT. Well the guy at this time said diferent. That he could make the appointement to me after 12:00pm because he couldn't honor. That's I don't understand. If you put advertisement to bring more business and dont want to honor. Please don't do it.I wont come back to this store. Because I put 20 dollars on them discount card that they don't want to honor.
1	No Thanks!  My husband bought one of these stamp cards that has free oil changes and other services on it, so I took my car in for an oil change at this location.  They said they would not be able to do it today because they were too slammed.  Ok fine....so I scheduled an appointment for the following day.  I arrived on time to my appointment and they guy was like "uhhh....can you come back later or tomorrow?"  Um, no....that is why I made an appointment!  He said it would be at least 2 hours before they could get to my car.  So I asked them to call nearby locations to see if they were not so busy.  He did and found one that "wasn't busy", so on my way I went.  At the Horizon Ridge location I was given an estimated "30-45 minutes wait time...maybe sooner" once I arrived.  An HOUR and 45 minutes later....my car was FINALLY done.  It didn't help that I had an antsy 2 year old with me.From over-scheduling appointments to grossly underestimating wait times...I will stick to Terrible's for future oil changes.  It seems like poor costumer service is the norm at Tire Works.....everyone in the waiting room was frustrated.
3	The Good:There is room for negotiation.  I feel I got a good deal (after haggling a bit more than usual).  Once I purchased the tires, the service was quick and clean.  When I bought tires (June 2012), they had a good deal going across all their stores- Free alignment and free 4 oil change services.The Bad:They didn't do any thing more than needed to make the customers happy.  Having said that, they did what they are supposed to do.  Manager was OK.  Bottomline:I'm happy about my purchase and the service I've got.  I will definitely return there at least to get a quote and compare next time I'm about to change tires on one of our cars.
1	This is the worst automotive store.  I purchased one of their discount sticker cards and on all three of my visits they always seem to find something else wrong with the car.  The first time they told me I need a alignment.  After they did the alignment I looked at the results there was no need and I showed the manager and all he said was "oh it wasn't that bad". The second time I went with a different car they said I need new brakes and tires.  The brakes had just recently been changed and the tires although worn did not have to be replaced immediately as he made it seem.  The third time was worst.  It was a different manager this time.  I went for a routine oil change he told me to come out and look at my car.   He showed me some things he recommended I get replaced under the hood.  I told him I did not want to take of that now and I just wanted the free oil change.  He then told me he would not do the oil change because if he did and did not fix the rest of the car he would be breaking the DOT laws and would have to have me tow the car off their property.  Sounded like a bunch of garbage to me so I called their other store on craig street and asked the person on the phone if they have ever heard of such a thing.  He said that sounded ridiculous. I ended up taking my car to their boulder hwy location no hassle all I did was dropped off my car and keys came back when they called me and that was it.  The first thing the pecos shop asks is if you have their sticker card and if you do they start racking up all these other damages on your car.  They wont even work on it.
5	Chris and Pat are very helpful managers, they try their best to get the best deal and best service. I like this place great service, on time and good prices. Give it a try!
1	Don't trust Tire Works!!! Went in to get an oil change and they wanted to change the whole pan, $500. Went to the pep boys up the street. They got the oil changed no problem. only $40. Plus $4 for a new plug. This is not the first time I've been way over priced at tire works. They charge for stuff you don't need. Stay away.
1	A bad joke. Took 4 and a half hours to get a set of tires. Was constantly told they will be in at any moment.
1	Called to see if they had a particular tire in stock. Told by Javier they had 3 in stock.I only needed 1 as I had a blowout. Went in next morning to purchase it and Javier says " Must of sold them can put you on a similar tire." Who buys three tires. The old bait and switch. Crappy way to do business.
1	warning do not take your car to this place under any circumstances there is no corporate phone number there's no way if you have a problem to ever get your car fixed John Reich will not return your call I had to call another tire works to get a phone number of a corporate number after several calls was not reaching anybody the corporate number when I reach them the lady Danielle told me the only way that they would fix my car is if I Drive out to Las Vegas from California and get it fixed as she laughed at me I've never had worst experience and customer service in my whole life in California we don't do things like that I will never ever buy anything from Las Vegas againSave yourself the pain the frustration and go down the street
5	Traveling through the area with a tandum trailer hauling and old Ford 3/4 ton pu truck, I found a nail in a brand new tire I had purchased from home.  I needed a new tire plus having one repaired, and having one balanced.  I called a couple of places and Tireworks was open on a Sunday.  We took the whole trailer and truck that was towing it to the store, Codi Leoni was very courteous and professional, had us in and out within 40 min, with a very minimal bill.  I too own a small business and I would have Codi working as my employee.
5	After 1) Discount Tire on Windmill ignoring me, and 2) Pep Boys on Sunset Jerking me around, and 3) Pep Boys on Tropicana trying to charge me $120 more than Pep Boys on Sunset, I went to Tire Works on Pecos and Sunset, They were straight up with me, gave me a price (which was a better price for Cooper Cobras than the Futura GLS that Pep Boys had, and Coopers are better tires, I did my research), ordered the tires and put them on, no BS, no hassle.  Right when I was wondering what the heck it takes to get a set of tires in this town, Cody at Tire Works got me back on the road again.  BTW, they threw in the additional alignment and now my '73 drives LASER STRAIGHT!  You never know how bad your car is out of whack until you get it fixed, Wow!
5	Very much appreciate the personal service I'm receiving here at Tire Works! If you're in need of any car care, come on in. They are very nice and professional!!
