5	Outstanding care at this facility. My husband needed urgent care for a severe laceration. We were turned away from 4 so called quick/emergency care places because they either did not look after lacerations or did not take our insurance.  Health care partners were incredible. We called ahead (Siri helped us).  When we got there they were ready for us.  We were greeted with friendly smiles and care and concern.  Nursing staff were excellent.  Doctor was very friendly and professional.  We really felt like my husband was their priority.  This facility is extremely well equipped for just about anything.  Next time we need help we will go directly to Health Care partners on Wynn road.
1	Took my girlfriend here last night. They said it was an 1.5 hour wait.  We waited 4 hours.  It was super frustrating.   They had 1 doctor and close to 20 patients waiting.  Never again
1	Will never use this urgent care facility again! Brought my partner in due to having some concerns with a painful flare-up in the heart area. He had some heart trouble a few months back and spent a week in the hospital, so rather than waiting to see if it got worse, we decided it was best to get it checked out right away. Huge mistake coming to this urgent care! The entire staff was rude, seemed very unconcerned and kept us waiting (just to see the doctor on-duty) for 2 hours. It wasn't busy and very few people were in the waiting area. I'm writing this review because I was truly astounded by the lack of care, professionalism and concern the doctor had, once we were finally able to see her. As soon as she entered the room, she began asking questions and interrupting half way through my partner's answers to her. It was as if she didn't believe we were here out of true concern for his health; it seemed like she felt as if we were wasting her time or she had better things to be doing. Every question she asked was VERY condescending and her attitude was extremely unprofessional to the point where I just about had to leave the room to prevent myself from losing my 'cool' and patience. Do yourself a favor and prevent frustration by using one of the other (many) urgent care facilities in this city.
5	I see nothing wrong with this facility. There's going to be a wait no matter where you go and there will be other people seen before you depending on the severity. I've been here for about three hours now, I'm not thrilled, but this was the only place that was 24 hour near my work. I can see how one individual can come across as unpleasant at the front desk, but the other lady was nice. The triage nurse was the one that surprised me the most. She could hear me cough and actually offered me a cup of water. The doctor was quick and to the point. My only advice is to ensure that they take your health insurance the moment you walk in. I overheard a lady really upset that she had been waiting for two hours only to find out they didn't take it.
