3	If your band's name starts with the word "The", this is where you want to get your haircuts.
4	Truthfully I appreciate a well crafted hair cut by someone who listens to what I want and then does what I asked for and yet manges to add a few extra things I hadn't thought of but I still look great. It may at times be intimidatingly hip but everyone I've ever had lay hands on my hair (that'd be Jason and Kristen) has gotten it right. [... and I cannot say that for many of the places I have frequented in the past.]
5	After having had $8 haircuts from Vietnamese barbers for the last several years, I decided to visit a real salon and Cha Cha has delivered.  Hip and funky without being overly pretentious, Cha Cha features staff that can offer up new styles or cut to how you like it.  I saw Jason at the recommendation of a co-worker and he's been excellent, introducing me to Bumble & Bumble Sumotech product.
5	I love this place! Its slightly goth interior definitely added a + on my review. Having lived in Madison for a year now, I have to say that this is the very first "real hair cut" that I got. I never thought I can get San Francisco quality cuts, but Jason's got the magic!! If you have a boring straight hair like I used to, this is the place to come to make it a lot more interesting.
5	I recently got the best haircut ever, by the lovely and talented Miss Robyn.  It was the first time in my 31 years that I have ever had a stylist who cut my hair EXACTLY the way I wanted it.  Alice did a great job on my eyebrows as well, and the staff is very friendly.
1	I have never had my hair cut at Cha Cha, and I am grateful for that.  I was with my mother a few years ago when she had her hair cut here, and it was the most uncomfortable salon experience i've ever had.  i actually feel a little bad because she only chose the place at my insistence, as I had wanted to try it myself.  Anyway, I don't know how you could make a simple bob look so bad, but I honestly think going to Cost Cutters would have done a better job.  The guy didn't listen to what she was saying, or else he was inexperienced and didn't know what he was doing, but either way, it was a terrible hair cut.  He also talked her into some "streaks" which were this hideous raspberry color, and looked like some 13 year old got into a bottle of miss clairol.  The whole time we kept giving each other worried/uncomfortable looks, as Mr Cool Tattoo (the stylist) kept cutting hair obliviously.  Like a typical Midwesterner, my mom didn't say anything, but resolved to tell all her friends.
4	I'm *horrible* and horribly uninformed about hair styling, maintenance, and general hair upkeep.   In fact, a haircut for me is generally motivated by the desire to remove split ends and not much else!  Cha Cha (Robyn woo!) took my hair naivety and turned it into the perfect cut for my cheek bones without losing any length.  Though I didn't have much to say in terms of my desired look, Robyn certainly took into consideration my indifference when it comes to styling and the necessity of a low maintenance style.  Loved it and have since received numerous compliments!  Added bonus is the awesome space, good music, and nice selection of products.  Make an appointment (though they saw me super last minute)!
4	I love this place.  They've got a 'hipster' sense of style and fashion here.  My hair dresser is Jason and I tell him generally what I want and he amazes me each time.  I've gotten so many compliments on my haircuts from here, it's unbelievable.  My whole department basically gets their hair cuts here now.  Only minus one start for price, because I would expect to pay less than $50 in Madison, but to me, it's still worth it.
5	Yeah, Im not quite sure why some people had a bad experience, I thought the recepiontist was pretty nice, considering I had to call her 3 times in a row in the span of 10 minutes.  Robyn was great for my hair, which is medium mens.  Also not sure about the hipster comments.  The place is hip, but you can get any kind of haircut you want.  While I there I saw a mom with two kids, an older lady getting a perm, and two college aged girls.  Overall I had an awesome experience, plus Robyn was especially cool, definitly took her time to make sure every little detail was perfect.
5	I've been going to Cha Cha for seven years, and Jason has never done me wrong. When I first went, I was coming in with a history of bad haircuts and hair dressers that just did not listen (like taking off 8 inches when I asked for a trim). The first time I was there, I told Jason I didn't want him to take off any more than an inch. He explained why this was pointless, but ultimately listened to me and just cleaned up the ends. He gained my trust, and from my second cut on, I've pretty much let him do whatever he's wanted. He's suggested things I never thought to try, and has talked me out of things that would not work with my hair texture and/or face shape.Additional perks include good music, nice staff, and the option of inexpensive stylists that still give you a great cut. I've converted at least ten people to Team Cha Cha, and to my knowledge they are/were all return customers.
4	This place is super hip, so if that's not your thing....I've been here twice so far, and I'll keep coming. The staff is cool & laid back. The interior is pretty fun. I personally wouldn't bother with the buzz club on Fridays - it takes a lot of time, but they do a good job of course :).
