5	This Starbuck's crew is the best. Call 30 minutes in advance and they still had to traveling joe's ready for me when I arrived. Always get my drinks right, and the one time they have ran out of lemonade they gave me a coupon for next time to get a free what every size and kind drink. WoW and I did not even have to ask, they just gave it to me with my new drink and an apology
5	Yup - - love this Starbucks!! The staff is always super, super friendly. Love the way they greet you... just helps to put a smile on your face. I typically (98%) go through the Drive-Thru, and I have never had any issues with my order. It's fast... and a great Starbucks experience.
2	This Starbucks needs to work on their listening skills when taking orders from drive through customers. Since this location happens to be on my way to work, I'll stop by it occasionally. The problem is that they are so busy because they are located on such a huge intersection. Therefore, most of the time when I go here they get my order incorrect. And when I'm forking over almost 4 bucks for a nonfat latte, I don't want to experience issues getting my drink. Sometimes the line is also so long that it reaches all the way into the street.... I'd pass on this location as I'm sure there are probably less crowded locations that can take orders correctly!
1	I had to take a couple of hours to calm down to write this review.  I have never been so annoyed in my life.I usually go to the Starbucks on 16th St...but they don't have a drive thru.  The one on Thomas/32st has the worst service, so I decided to the 44th St location today.  I was craving a Roasted Pepper Panini today real bad.I get up to the drive-thru to order my panini "No, you caaaaaaaaan't haaaaave that! I am soooooo sorrrrrrrrrryyyyyy.  We have been waiting for a new order to come in.""Oh...well, do you have any other paninis?"Instead of her answering, she said "You will have to stay in the drive thru line, but it doesn't look like it's that long"Great...now I am stuck in a drive thru line that I can't get out of.  I was held hostage.  There wasn't anything else I wanted.  So I had to wait 20 mintues to get out of the drive thru.  Funny thing, the person in front of me got a coupon for a free drink because they were out of what they ordered as well.  I, of course, got nothing.
2	It's a Starbucks.  I come here because it's next to my office and I don't have time to go to a place with good coffee.  At least it's consistent and quick.
2	I really do love Starbucks.But this location ALWAYS forgets to put sweetener in my tea and we always drive off realizing it's too late to turn back because turning back is just even more inconvenient.It's just really annoying and this Starbucks is a really nice one, considering the ghetto surroundings of a closed down grill next door and strip club.
4	I come here for meetings almost once per week or once every two weeks. I got in the morning between 8:30-9:30 and stay for a while. The servers are all very friendly. I noticed one of the servers remembers people from before, and in-between rush orders, they are often cleaning up the area. A major plus for this location is that they have lots of seating and lots of plug-ins for those of us who use our laptops.  There are several small tables, a larger table, and tables by the comfortable bench area. The only complaints I have is that it's often busy, I cannot get a seat, and sometimes, the tables are crummy with someone's previous snack. Also, the sun is so darn bright in there at times. Of course, the sun annoys me most of the time anyway, but the shades on the windows only come about halfway down, and the sun is blinding. The parking lot can be kind of annoying too, depending on when one gets there/leaves. If you log into their (now) free wifi, there's a free song of the week. I have liked all my free songs of the week, a perk of going to Starbucks. I can't say I love Starbucks coffee, but I love their tea and option of snacks. They have the kind of granola bars I like, dark chocolate, fruit, and some other items that are quite tasty. The music is often the same every week I go, and sometimes it can get overly loud, but it's not that bad.
5	I love this starbucks!!! I go to it at least 4 days out of my five day work week!!! I am a starbucks gold card holder lol...the girls are all so sweet...they know our office staff by name and are so nice...they make the greatest vanilla chai frappaccinos and the best green.tea fraps!!!!! Everyone needs to taste their new dessert bites they r to die for!! My favorite is the salted carmel chocolate pretzel square! You cannot get much better then that...i do noteven like coffee but there is so much more here...
4	I love this Starbucks and everyone that works here.  They're awesome!  Everyone in my office is a big fan and we can be found here often.  I do wish it were a bit bigger as it can get a little cramped at times.My only aggrevation with this location is in regards to the ill-mannered (or are they just entitled?) customers in the drive thru that think it's okay to block the driveway (and sometimes even line up in the street) because they apparently can't be bothered to park and walk inside.  Honestly, I would love to know what is going on in the heads of these people when they are nonchalantly parked diagonally across the driveway, clearly preventing people from entering or exiting the parking lot.  Perhaps ignorance really IS bliss.
1	I almost always write good reviews. This Starbucks is so slow an the customer service SO bad that I regretted my decision to swing by. I would not recommend it for anyone with less than 30 minutes to wait or doesnt have thick skin, at that! Turned me off from Starbucks for awhile!!
3	Some people may argue that a free drink is worth any price but I have to disagree.  This is the closest, free standing SB drive throuhg to my apartment and I normally utilize the drive through.  I don't understand why you can't get a better menu at the drive.  Maybe your die hard regulars remember this kind of stuff but I don't always remember all the items available to order.  And the drive through menu is more likely to sell you on food instead than on coffee drinks.Over the past year I mostly go to SB once or twice a month at best.  In that time frame I have had at least 7 Complimentary drinks through the drive though because of the time it took to prepare them.  Some people say "hey, free drink" but when you spend 20 min in the drive through (I know I gauged my time through Kelly Clarkson songs) you start to wish you had the option to drive, far far away from the drive through.I do give many cust service points to SB for the on the house frappachino when I finally got to the window but why does this always have to happen!  You are always quick to give me a free coffee when my wait gets long but who wants to sit for 15-20 min over an iced coffee?  Maybe you should take a look at your business model and figure out why I have had 7 free drinks in a year due to bad service at this location?
2	I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could. This is the only Starbucks on my way to work, soooooo there you have it. The drivethru line is always time consuming, regardless of the time you get there, but the wait staff are super friendly and accommodating. They don't hesitate to give you a free drink if you've patiently waited in their queue. However, don't come here if you're already running late to work... come here if you have lots of time to kill and would like to win a free drink lotto.
3	The location is next to Jimmy Johns but the drive-thru can get very hairy. The parking situation isn't great at this location. I ordered a caramel macchiato thru the drive-thru and it took at least 5 minutes to finally get my drink at the window. I would say this was one of the slower experiences I've had at a starbucks. The worst part, my drink was wrong, but didn't notice until after I drove off.
5	My friends and I meet here every Thursday morning for coffee and time to talk together. The staff is incredible, quick, friendly, and make drinks accurately. It's always clean too. This S-bucks makes others look bad. It's the way it should be.
4	Although, I try to go out of my way not to support "the coffee machine". I wandered in here while waiting for a ride..First person I meet is "Summer" she was completely & utterly full of sass & jokes. I loved her! She took my order & we joked throughout my wait. The interaction with the staff overall was just dope. It was lively, no one had any attitudes. I'm not big on Starbucks in general but I haven't received similar service from some of the local spots I visit.
3	I know this place is over priced, but this place is the only coffee house near my work and I tried to come here as often as I can.  Everyone here are all very nice and have a great attitude on working here.  Service is fast and accurate.  They even have a drive-thru window for those that doesn't want to go inside the store.  They also don't have a lot of parking nearby and sometimes you will need to park in the back of the complex and walk over.
4	I love the Green Tea Frapps! Service at the drive-thru and inside is fast. Rarely crowded. I think it is a hidden gem. I've been here and sat outside. There is always seating available.
4	I go to this location often (2-4 per week). The staff is always friendly and my order is accurate. The line usually isn't to bad but I've noticed Monday mornings seem to be pretty long for drive thru. So avoid on Monday AM and you should have fast service.
5	Nice Staff & Great place to chill, drink coffee, & hang on wifi.
3	Today they get 3 stars. Normally it's a 5. This is the second time I've gone through the drive thru in the past week and the young lady with the scowl and bat wings painted on her eyes has handed me my coffee. No hello, no good morning, nothing. Chica your job is not that hard. You are getting people on their way to work, why not make the start if their day nice with a smile or maybe a 'have a nice day'??? I think they need to move grumpy cat away from interaction with people. Ha... I mean away from people because she's hardly interacting. I love this Starbucks but if I see the scowl again, I might just drive down the street to another location. Also treat receipts are back and I wasn't offered my receipt.  Bleh!!!
4	Convenient location with a very busy drive-thru, so you're much better off going inside. We were here before 10am on a Friday and there were only a couple customers inside, but at least 5-6 cars in the drive-thru. The barista at the register was friendly and really nice. Since I was just getting a sandwich, the barista made sure I had a beverage, even if it was just a Venti iced water. I had the La Boulage Chicken BLT Salad Sandwich (although a slice of Lemon Pound Cake looked delicious, it had the same amount of calories as the sandwich) and it was tasty! The store was very comfortable and it was easy to find. Solid Starbucks option.
5	I love this location - the staff is crazy friendly and it opens at 4a for us really early birds. I come here pretty much daily, so they know my order when they see my car pull into the drive-thru.
5	I felt compelled to write a review because of the exceptional service the staff gave me today. Sure, just about all of the staff members at all of the Starbucks I've been to are always smiling and friendly, and give prompt and accurate service, but I'd like to recognize Davante (spelling might not be completely correct there) for greeting all of the patrons while he was sweeping the floor and asking if anyone would like a water to go along with their beverage of choice today. It was a small gesture but sometimes that's all it takes to make a customer's experience great- so great job Davante, and thanks!
3	I don't drink coffee, but every other month or so I'll need a hot Chamomile tea with 5 agave before I walk into my office. In cooler months, like now, I need a soy milk hot cocoa, no whip (aka vegan hot chocolate), and/or their hearty blueberry oatmeal (with 5 agave).  Being that I only get the hot cocoa seasonally, I do tend to forget how to order it vegan when that time of the year rolls around again.  Sometimes I get a really great and friendly guy who is more than happy to help me. Sometimes  I get the sourpuss dude, who probably hates vegans because his last significant other was vegan and it brings back bad memories or something, so he is annoyed by my vegan requests and my requests for 5 agave. "5?" said with an attitude. Yes, 5. Shall I help you count them out? 4 isn't enough, but I don't like the # 6, and 7 is too many, so 5 it is.Their hot oatmeal is a solid, healthy breakfast choice. They use water, not cream/milk, so it's dairy-free.  The agave is an awesome natural sweetener (too little agave and it's not edible for me). I also love the fresh blueberries that come on the side with the Blueberry Oatmeal.  They have a classic oatmeal available if blueberries aren't your thing. The worst thing about this location is the location.  The parking lot is so small/tight that if you get there at the wrong time you're likely to be either sticking out in the middle of the street (and you KNOW these PHX drivers will hit you and flee!), or fighting for your rightful place in the drive-thru line with some car that came from nowhere and is trying to bombard their way in front of you.  They need a  bigger space.
5	I still love this place but am no longer part of the early am crew given that I just had my 2nd back surgery in five months. This also means I now park and go in because I can't deal with 15-20 mins in the drive-thru (it's true - if you time your visit wrong, ie., peak hours - you'll be out on 44th St hoping to make it into the parking lot before some angry loon rear-ends you if you have the misfortune of being the last car in line in the street).Thing is, they have very little turnover in staff, so they all still know me and pop over to chat for a bit. I've also got to acknowledge two of the newbs...first, the youngster at the drive-thru window cracked me up; it was Christmas so I had hair/make-up which he'd never seen, (I'm always no make-up/pony tail because why bother - I'm on medical leave because back surgeries) and when he looked at me and said, "wow, you look awesome like that - you'd make SO MUCH in tips if you worked here," I cracked up. Then the second happened this am - my new regular drink of choice costs $6.66, so I call it Satan's nectar. When I went in this am and told the newb to put Satan as my name (he'd not finished ringing it up yet and didn't believe me when I told him the price...and then IT happened. $6.66 came up on the register so he put in a 10 cent discount and insisted on putting my real name on the cup. It was just too sweet; what a kind young man. Go there - the staff makes the occasional wait worth it. And because you know you want to know, Satan's nectar is a venti, quad shot, breve latte with 4 Splenda, and whip (whipped cream for you non-pro orderers).  :)
