4	Hey all,  it is the new year and time to "clean" up your act.  I just tried a new dry cleaner from my normal Maple Dry Cleaners and wow, I am impressed so far.1.  Location - This one is on the southwest side of Eastern and St. Rose. Plenty of parking, easy access.2.  Set Up - Totally convenient!  You have a walk up, drive up and 24 hour area.  I did the walk up and the service was great. They have Proctor and Gamble people there training the local staff.  The 24 hour is a drop off and they can even put your cleaning in a vault for you, give you the code, and you can also them pick up your goods 24 hours if you set this up with them.  How convenient is that!3.  The difference !Price - Maple on Horizon Ridge and Eastern charges 2.10 per shirt after paying for the "Gold " Membership, and Tide charges 2.25 per shirt with no paid membership.  Advantage Maple!Quality - The difference you get with Tide is that they will replace any shirt buttons for free, while at Maple, it may be included, but they never catch it and it is not done more than 90% of the time. Advantage Tide!Service - I really appreciated the personal service from Vesa and Dani at Maple. The Tide crew is fairly new, very excited, very professional. I will have to wait and get to know them better, but in meantime, Advantage - MapleConsistency - I have had shirts come back from Maple that were slightly torn, buttons cracked, buttons missing.  At Tide, they use a 7 point check and while new, I sense that they will get it done.  Based on my experience.... Advantage TideOn Site - Maple does most of their stuff I believe at the other facility they own across the street. Tide's is all at the location itself, very professional looking, very clean, modern and cool. Advantage Tide!Convenience - With a drive up, walk up and 24 hours "vault" like service, Tide is great and they are open daily.  Maple closes on Sunday.  Advantage Tide.Overall, I must say, go with Tide. The convenience is totally awesome and the minor price difference I believe you will be glad,GK says check it out!
4	Last night, I was ready to give this company ZERO stars.  I'd gone to pick up my dry cleaning after hours, utlizing their nifty 24-hour locker service.  However, to my dismay, the door was locked and I couldn't retrieve my items.  I don't live near this place but I wanted to give them a try because of the Tide name.  Needless to say, after driving all the way there and not being able to pick up my clothes, I was livid.  I called them up first thing this morning and spoke to the GM, Chuck.  I was surprised by his reaction because the man actually sounded more upset than I was (I would've thought that was impossible).  CHUCK WAS AMAZING.  He was so apologetic, he went out of his way to make this right for me - he personally came to my office and delivered my items.  You don't get personal service like that these days.  I'm not giving them five stars just yet, because there is room for improvement, but I do believe Chuck and his team have the very best intentions and I will certainly use them again.  Thanks for your effort, Chuck.
1	I feel like I got robbed from Tide yesterday.  My dear husband dropped off our bag with dry cleaning here because he decided to be obnoxiously loyal to this brand since we use their free laundry detergent (free as in free of dyes and perfumes, not cost-free).  I objected because I know it is expensive, but nevertheless, he was nice enough to take the heavy bag to the dry cleaner when I was having back pain and planned to see a doctor on Wednesday.For whatever reason, he was not given an itemized receipt of what was dropped off nor did he tell me how much to expect to owe.  I went to pick it up yesterday in their drive through (my back hurt too much for me to want to take the clothes from the store to the car myself so this is a nice feature).  The staff person was very nice, but when she gave me the total ($35ish) I asked if they included the groupon that my husband gave her (he paid $12 for $25 off of our next order).  She said yes.  I thought to myself, there is no way we had $60 worth of stuff, so I asked to see the itemized list of what we brought.  We argued briefly over the number of pieces (she counted the suit as 2 though they charge it as 1 on their price list, and she counted the laundry bag itself) and she claimed we had 2 orders and perhaps dropped a second order off at a different time (we only dropped off 1).  She told me that Tide generously offered 50% off on one of the orders (I finally figured out they split this one order into two but it was from the same bag).So with 50% off some of the order AND $25 off, it was still $35?!?!  Yes it was.  I was not too happy but she put the items in my car and told me they would fix it if we found a mistake.  I was miffed and went home.  We calculated the original cost pre-discount and pre-groupon and it came to close to $80!?!?!?  With NO coupon and NO discount at my regular place, Fifth Avenue, this would have cost $19.25!!!  A 300% markup?  Even for the nicer items (a suit for example), I would go Town & Country and it would not cost $13 for a suit!When I started to take my items off of their hangers and put them back on mine to hang up, I noticed that instead of the old safety pin and tag that I usually dislike from Fifth Avenue, Tide puts stickers with bar codes behind the tags of each item.  They are melted into the fabric so I with my super sharp nails had to get a corner loose and tear them off with my TEETH because they were melted.  Now I guess I prefer those safety pins because at least they are easy to remove.I do not think it makes sense to pay $12.50 to dry clean a dress when I could buy a dress for a few dry clean visits!  Should I need to dry clean anything, I will definitely go back to my go-to places, Fifth Avenue for a decent job and a low price, and Town & Country for some of the nicer items (silk shirts, etc.) who still charge much less than Tide.
5	Awesome service! Friendly and smiling staff (which is a rare thing in Vegas).  Extremely good prices for regular button down men's shirts.  Absolutely will use them again, and they gave me some great samples, since I was a first timer! Drive-Thru service was extremely fast and they are the best Dry Cleaners I have ever used!
4	Finally found a great dry cleaner here in Vegas. I've tried several others and either the cleaning was poor, the pricing was screwy or the service was just plain bad. Tide was a different story completely! The service was great, they really take their time to explain what they are and how they do things. I really liked that. Pricing is standard for all cleanings and alterations and while they are not the cheapest option in town they are very reasonable. Don't forget that pricing isn't everything... On time and done right is 90% of the battle. Tide did a great job and for this I am thankful... I now have a dry cleaner I can trust!
4	My first visit here was because of a Groupon, so I wasn't sure what to expect.  I don't use Tide at home, and after reading about P&G in all of my marketing classes in college, I could care less about Tide.All of that aside, I am pleasantly surprised with the service I get from Tide Dry Cleaners.  It's a little expensive, I suppose, but you pay for some of the convenience.  You can drop your clothes off 24-hours a day.  You can even arrange to have your clothes put in a storage bin where you can pick them up after-hours.  There is drive through service, and if you pick your clothes up the old fashioned way (going in the store), someone ALWAYS offers to help you out (or better, just does it).I've had a few buttons broken or break during service and Tide fixes them.  I've also received some discount coupons as well as samples of Tide (even though I see through THAT marketing gimmick).As I said before, I think the pricing is a little high.  Also, the pricing seems variable.  I've paid $80 for an order that I thought was going to be much less, and I have paid $50 for an order I expected to be much more.  I haven't been here enough times and paid full price to have a real baseline.  Side note - those values seem high but I am really lazy and only go here every 3 weeks or so.As someone else noted, Tide puts little stickers in your clothes.  This is for them to keep track of your items and to match them back to your account.  I get that, and I appreciate it, but I would prefer to be asked if someone could actually fuse a label into my clothes.If you come across a coupon for this place, definitely try it out.  The staff is friendly and helpful, and your clothes end up smelling like you have money to burn on real Tide laundry detergent.  What else can you ask for?
4	They have been amazing to deal with every time I have walked in. My shirts and suits have always been done right and on time. I think the best part is that every time I walk in they are friendly and remember me. Its a huge upgrade from my former dry cleaner!
4	I love the drive-thru feature where the service is always an A+!  Love the sense of urgency from the staff and their warm smiles.  Keep up the great work -- and keep those free samples of Tide Detergent coming!!!!
1	Terrible....we have used this dry cleaner for about a year now and they just ruined a third item.  We only went back this time because they gave us $100 credit for ruining our quilt and when I picked up our items today another one of my husband's shirts was ruined with the same red stain our quilt had only after being dry cleaned. we will never return to Tide, too much money lost.
1	Awful, awful, awful!!! We use this place cause of its close proximity to our house. Once again, my mom's dress pants came out with more stains than when we dropped off. Once again, they denied doing anything wrong. The pants were made of silk and other delicate materials, thus, we asked them to be dry cleaned. Not only the unidentifiable stains, but the fabric was partially ruined. The manager, Chuck, refused to do anything about it. Only thing he was capable of doing was to DENY, DENY, DENY. I say NEVER, NEVER, NEVER to use this business again.
5	These guys are the best! Customer service, quality, convenience, speed... what else can you ask for? You can't put a price tag in this kind of business, this is as good as it gets when it comes to dry cleaning. They have a drive through service, you get your own bag, the employees go above and beyond customer service expectations. Tide knows how to run a business, other businesses need to take some notes :)
4	I moved back to Vegas to discover that my go-to dry cleaning place had closed. So alas, I had to search for a new spot. This is nice one. It's not as cheap as I would like, but it's comparable to other places. And the drive-up drop-off / pick-up is definitely convenient and nice. They even put your cleaned clothes into your car for you. And new customers receive 25% off their first cleaning. So all in all, I've found a new dry cleaning place.
5	1st time customer get discount!!! very friendly staff, clothes came out smell clean and fresh because of the signature scent
4	I recently moved to Henderson from Summerlin and as I had a the "first time customer" coupon I thought I would try Tide Cleaners.  I got 2 jackets and a paid of pants done and it was $15 with the 25% off.  The prices are around 6$ a piece which is on the higher end but I don't mind as it is of high quality.  The clothes have the "tide" scent which is a nice touch.  The customer service has been great both at drop off and pick up and they even give you a bag to make it easier to drop your next load off.  They also have a rewards program that is free! I would definitely recommend this cleaner.
5	Love this business. They are cheerful courteous & professional. We get free samples & hubby got a free birthday suit cleaning!
2	I recently moved to the area and used Tide Cleaners for some alterations. I had to come back 3 times due to problems. The shirts were uneven and there were rips on the sleeves of 2 of my work shirts. The staff is very friendly and although I appreciate them trying to accommodate me, it doesn't make up for a poor job. I hadn't used their dry cleaning service yet and after this experience I never will.
4	Hmm... Can I make a review about dry cleaners sexy? No, but I may slip in a fart joke somewhere. I came here because I recently adopted a kitten and one brisk morning he decided to pee all over my comforter, it was awesome or maybe the complete opposite of awesome. I'm concerned with amount of pee that came out of this little guy, but that's another story for another time.I rolled in here with the comforter in question and briefly explained to the girl behind the counter what had transpired that very morning at 2am. Without batting an eye she marked the spot the on the blanket with a safety penned piece of paper and said, "no worries, we got this!". Interesting response, I mean do you get a lot of urine  soaked comforters in here? If so, what's going on in Henderson? Anyway, I came back about 4 days later to get my comforter, and the smell of a kitty pee and the trail left behind were all gone. Yay, I won't wake up in the middle of the night and think my downstairs neighbors are cooking meth. This cleaning job was a little pricey and it did take a longer than I thought it would, but that's a small setback to remove urine from something I wrap myself up in at night. They also removed the many months of farts trapped in the said comforter. Boom!, I knew I would get one in there!
