1	Rude with no call backs!  They don't even deserve a star!  Once they get your $$$, it's over.  Call someone else.
1	If you ever need to have a garage door opener installed or repaired please choose to get a second quote from a different company. The reason is they contract there work out to independent contractor/installers.Dennis, the tech that came to my home, spent the entire time it took him to install the garage door opener that I had purchased from a home improvement store, to chastise me about how poor a quality of the product the garage door opener was, and how he had to put his 2 cents on every little answer I had for his questions.I truly do not appreciate it when all I need was an install and instead I got the install with a flood of sniping remarks. I do not blame the garage door company, sales, or owner. However it does weigh very heavily on the contracted tech, Dennis, and his lack of professionalism. If there is ever a need to have a spring replaced, or a garage door motor serviced in the future I will definitely think twice before calling this company ever again for any type of service.
5	I was very happy with this company for my garage door that didn't open. I found them on google and was very pleased with their service
5	I had kept a money mailer coupon for Americas Choice just in case such occasion arose since I haven't had problems in the last seven years and I thought I could be due soon. I came back from vacation to find my garage door spring had snapped in half. I called a little before Noon and they had someone out at my house within three hours. Glad I had the day off. The tech, Ken, was very professional and as soon as he saw the door from the inside he knew what was wrong and said that they cheaply had installed my garage door and those in my neighborhood with one spring (standard installation is two springs). If there was two, I would have been able to open it manually by myself and could have rushed off to work if need be. But since there was only one and that one had broken you have to know where to place cables and where on the door to lift (not the center). I installed two new springs and Ken lubed up my rollers. He suggested that the rollers be maintained like an oil change and roughly every six months. I let mine go seven years (maybe longer if the previous owners didn't either). With the lubed up rollers the garage door also sounded better and fixed a friction problem I thought had to do with the safety eyes. Overall, I was happy with the service and would recommend them. They do have coupons every so often in the money mailers that come in the mail.
