1	Bottom Line:  There are many other centrally located hotels and rental apartments in Edinburgh, so I do NOT recommend risking Apex City Hotel's billing practices. PROs:  The Apex City Hotel is located between all the top tourist attractions, restaurants, bars, and clubs.  We loved the free internet and free computers.  The rooms were nicely sized and well kept.  The furniture was a little dated and worn.  The reception staff were very nice, professional, and accommodating.   CONs:  The reservation staff are ruthless.  We booked our 2 night stay prior to starting our trip and turned down their offer to book a third night at half price.  During our trip, we decided to stop at Edinburgh a night sooner.  Apex City Hotel referred us to their offsite reservation staff to the book the extra night.  (Weird that they can't do it at the hotel, but ok.)  We called and were disappointed that the reservation staff would no longer offer us the third night at half price.  Moreover, we found out AFTER we got home that they treated our addition of an extra night as a modification to our reservation and charged us $64!!  We never authorized this charge.  I learned of it for the first time when reviewing my credit card statement.   After several emails with their reservation staff, they are standing behind their charge.  I couldn't believe it!  We paid $455.96 for three nights at their hotel (NOT including the $64 charge)....in the OFF SEASON.  I can't imagine what they charge during peak season.  And I really can't imagine why they felt entitled to charging us for "modifying" our reservation by adding a night. We didn't get the rescinding of the third night at half off deal....but found the "modification" fee for wanting to stay a third night absolutely ridiculous.  I had to contest the charge with VISA.
3	Quite nice hotel in the middle of Edinburgh, located at grass-market. Personnel was obliging. We would cancel the breakfast there and get sth. in town. Price was pretty high, so that the price-performance ratio is quite low. Recommendation? Staying there is OK, but there might be better choices around. 3*
4	Stopped in here and got a room same day.  We were just passing through for one day and this place had what we needed. A room for three, a bathroom and a bed. We even got a little holiday rubber duck to toss in the backpacks! Super friendly staff and they were able to store our bags for us when we got there and the room wasn't available yet so that we could go and explore the city. We were there in the off season, so chances are we were just lucky... was a little pricey and  located at the bottom of a GIANT hill, so that sucked. All in all, glad we found the place.
4	Good breakfast, friendly staff, amazing location, nice rooms, a smallish gym (but it's there!), free internet, good vibe, etc..BUT! What brings this hotel from a 3 to a 4  is the complimentary rubber ducks - need I say more? :-D
5	Hotels in the UK are expensive, however the Apex was very reasonably priced and still provided the same level of care as a 4 star hotel.  The location is great and the bar is top notch.  The rooms were huge by European standards and were clean and well kept.  Unlike the much higher priced doubletree... Apex actually provided free in room wi-fi.  That feature really won me over plus it was also 10 minutes walk to Edinburgh Castle.My only slight complaint was the noise level in the mornings, as people left their rooms to check out and catch the train.  In fairness there was a convention there at the time and nothing spells rowdiness like a bunch of out of town business men and women away from their partners for a few days.  Give this place a try, you'll be happy you did.
4	I struggled with the decision to give 3 or 4 stars - let me explain...TOP NOTCH location!! I could see the castle from my window!  There are pubs and shops across the street... And the overall vibe is outstanding!The hotel was currently going through a minor renovation - not a problem - but once you get into the room the details are nice but very poorly executed - truly not a huge deal, but nevertheless, something worth noting... With this location you are pretty damn near walking distance to EVERYTHING!
