1	I have not even had my appt with this dental chain and already I am not happy.I called the number listed on my membership card, was placed on hold for a very long period of time, then asked some general identifying qiestions by a very unprofessional rep, put on hold again, only to be told that I needed to hang up and call another number because I was a new patient. No offer to transfer the call.  I called that number and was put on an even longer hold and then asked the same questions again. I was placed on another long hold and then told I needed to call a third number because they were too busy to take my call..no offer to transfer me. I called the third number, another hold, then asked a third time for my information. Then told there would be a 2 week wait before I could be seen. When I pressed for an earlier date I was told they were very busy, but I was given one a week earlier. Then I was told to download the forms for their office via the website and have them filled out prior to my visit. There are 14 pages...more than any doctor's office I have ever been to. This is the only dental insurance my employer provided and I will not be renewing at the next open enrollment. I would rather pay out of pocket!! Less than one star is not an option here but should be :(
1	Do NOT go here. I warned you. I too would give it less then one star. The representatives are rude and not helpful at all. I feel they lack education an knowledge about teeth. The dentist are not gentle and don't try to be nice to the patients. They are there just to do the job. I don't feel like they care about the patients at all. If you go here they will make nearly impossible for you to make an appointment. They play hard to get and it is very difficult to get help on the phone. Even when you have an appointment they will make you wait for an hour before they actually touch your teeth. I have gone more than time and confirmed that, that is just how they operate. The only nice thing about this dental chain is the payment plan they offer. However, I rather go elsewhere. I am currently looking for a different dentist with payment plans.
5	I called them.. They were super polite. Worked with my budget and have great payment plans. Seriously needed to come in years ago. I simply waited to long. They made me feel great.
1	I received my denture from Western Dental and in broke in a matter of months.  I was told that it was covered by the warranty.  It has been almost 3 months and my new denture is still not completed.  I find this to be totally unacceptable.
5	Dr.H is awesome! She is professional, friendly, and always explains things to me in a way that I can understand. She also ensure a seamless procedure as well. I have already recommended this location to my family and friends. I even got my wisdom teeth taken out with them and enjoyed it (as much as anyone can). Definitely a good place to go! :)
