5	Walking around old town Scottsdale and came across this cute resale boutique.  The store had a cute selection of clothing, handbags,  and a fabulous shoe selection.  Prada, Gucci, Chanel, Tory Burch, Catherine Maladrino, Louis Vuitton and Dolce Gabbana.  They also had really cute regular items to.  The girls that work there are friendly but not all in your space.  They let you browse around which I like.  This will be a boutique I will visit on a regular basis.
5	Stopped by while visiting Scottsdale, I have been to many resale designer stores but this one by far has the best selection of designer clothing. There were Christian  Louboutin, Chanel, Prada, Louis Vuitton and Fendi. Their was a large shoe selection as well as mens clothing and children's. The owners are very accommodating and helpful. A few days later I came in and consigned a Gucci bag. The owner was great with coming up with a good price that we both agreed upon to sell the handbag.  A week later the bag was purchased and Brittany (the owner) called and told me the bag was sold. This is my favorite consignment shop in Arizona by far!
5	An amazing find.  We were leaving lunch and just stumbled on this place...  I went RIGHT for the handbag section.  Chanel, Louie...  they have it all.  In great condition.  I ended up scoring the most amazing Tod's bag at a steal of a price and my friend got a dress that would have easily cost $500 at Barney's for like $70.  Staff is incredible and so friendly.  They also get subtle hints about how much you're willing to pay.  I was coveting a Chanel bag that was out of my price range but they noticed me spying another Chanel and subtly said, "This one is reasonably priced"...  in a way that didn't make me feel like a pauper.  If you're near this place or traveling to Scottsdale, check out this store.  You won't regret it.  And you probably won't leave without one of their cute yellow shopping bags!
4	Nice shop.  Seems geared for the younger slender customer .  Nice handbags and accessories.  I felt too heavy for the shop and I am a  10-12.  The fashions appeared current and the shop owner was pleasant.
2	This store is really cute looking! They have good items but stuff is way overpriced! Some of the items don't even cost what they are charging new! If you are looking for great stuff at good prices skip this store!
