1	The worst Mexican food I've ever had.  The space itself is ok but you're honestly better off at Taco Bell.  Its cheaper and higher quality.  Too bad, because the servers seemed like good people.  Man it was bad.
1	Previous reviewer is absolutely right about Cancun, and it's too bad since this is a recent 'overhaul' to the restaurant.  I think it's changed hands or management or something.  Until about 6 months ago, I'd have recommended it as a go-to for good, cheap Mexican.  We were there last month and I was so horribly disappointed.  Everything was different, from the Pace-quality salsa to the awful chips to the really boring burrito.  Where's my fajita taco salad, dammit???Prices have increased substantially and the quality has nose-dived, so I recommend giving it a pass.
1	I have eaten here twice and both times ended up with food poisoning.  Once would be one thing but twice!?!?  The food is horrible and overpriced.  If you want a good tequila bar, then go to Cancun but if you want good food, skip it!   Worst Mexican food I've ever eaten in my life!
4	We ate there for the first time last night.  We each loved what we had and did not experience the medical issues each of the other reviewers did.  I had the tamales with their green sauce...really, really good!
1	Recent Friday eve....solo dining....2 other diners present at 7 pm. That should have been my first clue that this would be forgettable meal. Started with very small dinner salad with a tasteless "cilantro"? dressing @ $3.   Entree of bowl of Posole. Broth was very flavorful, but contained just a few small bits of pork and over cooked, bland posole.  I was stunned when I received the check....$12 for the soup!  No wonder this place is empty. Mediocre, boring food at outrageous prices. Whoops, just remembered how crappy the coffee was.
5	Wow, I went here for the first time today without checking reviews. Thank god I didn't because I would have missed out on a great meal. Maybe they are better when its slow. Anyways, here's my take:Service - Very good, our waiter checked up on us twice, brought food and drinks all within 30 minutes. Food was hot, drinks were cold, 9.5/10 because it was very slow so no excuses.Food/Drink Quality: Once again very good. I had the quesadilla cancun and the filling was as hot as a fajita when I dug in. Margaritas were also decent, not as strong as I like but it was only 4pm so it's ok. My only complaint was the veggies were a tad cold. Otherwise 9/10.Price - It was $40 for two meals and two drinks including tip, for the quality and portion it was a decent price. Could have had a larger portion of sides, so Id give it a 8/10.Experience - Very light crowd at 4pm, Im sure it picks up after 6. Very colorful restaurant with nice decor and pretty cool carved tabletops and booths, although a little cramped in the booth it was a nice looking mexican restaurant. 8/10.Overall - 34.5/40 - Thank god the reviews below are no longer the case, it was a very good meal and I will be back. Maybe they had a change of management? I would reccommend this place.
4	I went to Cancun for dinner tonight for the first time--I'm also glad I didn't check reviews first! I thought it was great. It was a very slow evening--my date and I were one of maybe three couples total in the dining room--but I liked it that way. Our server was very nice, but he never told us his name, and I wouldn't have minded being checked on a bit more often.Besides that minor service gripe, everything else about Cancun was very good. I think the tortilla chips are homemade, because ours arrived piping hot, with some nice mild salsa. For dinner, I had the Tacos de Carnita. They came out nice and hot, and they were so delicious, I kid you not, I actually forgot that there was also rice on my plate for eating. Very filling, too; I ended up saving the third taco for lunch tomorrow. I didn't get details, but my date seemed to enjoy his Burrito Ahogado, too. The price wasn't bad--about $10 each for our entrees. Plus, they play ridiculous telenovelas on the TVs!All in all, I'm glad I tried Cancun, and I'd definitely come back again.
5	I am in love with this place!!!! I can't believe it has so few stars. Perhaps it is because some people have a distorted view about what it takes to make good food, whether it be Mexican, Italian or American. This idea of "cheap" Mexican food really peeves me, because the care, quality and ingredients in this restaurant rival many of the "finer" establishments in Madison. The food is delicious, the service fantastic and the atmosphere jovial. The chicken fajita salad was beautiful and so fresh. Lots of chicken and various veggies. Perfectly seasoned. The sangria (red) has always been my favorite. With large chunks of fruit and an ample glass. The salsa! Mmmmmmm. I could drink a gallon of it, it is that good. I have frequented this place on and off throughout the years, bc I don't live in the area anymore. It is so worth the visit. Beautiful colors, beautiful people, out door seating. And great food. I have to tell my friends to write reviews of this place bc everyone I know thinks it's great.
1	Stopped here on a whim looking for a quick enough meal. The fact that when we pulled into the lot I found myself wondering 'Are they even open?' (because there were quite literally three cars in vicinity of this place) should have told me to turn right around and find something, anything else.If you're going to charge $10.95 for a cheese enchilada dinner (just as an example) you should probably ensure your food is good. It wasn't.Bland, uninspiring, pretty much exactly what most of these negative reviews stated. The best part of my meal was the refried beans. Not even because they were that great, but because it was the one item I had on my plate that tasted like it was supposed to taste!If you're thinking of distrusting the negative reviews and trying for yourself, have at it and good luck. Honestly, and I mean this, save your money and go just about anywhere else. We had a discussion at dinner where I mentioned that I didn't $10.95-like my food, but that I'd maybe $5-like my food. I was wrong. If I had $5.00 to spend on a meal I *still* wouldn't come back here. I'd go to Subway or Taco Bell or something else. Friendly staff, cool enough atmosphere (despite the lack of customers). But the food was just meh, at best.
1	We went there on Friday night, and the parking lot looked full. Needless to say, it was not busy at all, for being Friday night at 6:00pm. The server wasn't great. We asked for extra salsa, and it came 10 minutes later. By then, we were out of chips. So, we asked for more chips, and those, yes, came 10 minutes later. I asked for some extra sauce on the side for my chicken dish, and they said they couldn't do that....weird.... The food was OK- mostly forgettable.  Once we were done with our meal, we waited about 20 minutes to get our check. Finally, i asked our server for our check, and she looked offended that i asked for it. Definitely better places to go in Madison for mexican food. I won't be back.
4	I'm actually impressed with this place, and I'm kicking myself for avoiding it all these years.  For me Cancun was always there along the route to go 'ol trusty Mexican joint Laredos.  I thought it was just a crummy hole-in-the-wall knockoff.  Instead, on an impulse to try it out, I've found a new 'ol trusty.I think what I liked most was the quality of the food was superior to what you'd get at similar Mexican establishments.  My tacos came in a corn tortilla and had a good taste that didn't seem like you were eating the equivalent of fast food.  My wife even got nachos as a side dish to her similarly-good-quality burrito.  Nachos!So I'm happy to have found a solid Mexican establishment on this side of Madison.
1	Let me say one positive thing before I launch into my tirade:  the wait staff are very friendly and attentive.  BUT...this is OMG-really-bad food.  I should have paid attention to the sinking feeling I felt when, upon walking in during what SHOULD have been the middle of the lunch rush, I realized that NOBODY else was there.  Oddly, though, it took a really long time to get our food.  The chips and salsa were just barely okay.  My tortilla soup was bland, with not much chicken but plenty of overcooked vegetables.  The BF ordered a combination plate with a taco, enchilada, and chile relleno.  The taco was nothing special.  The coating on the chile relleno was a disgusting mass of soggy crust, cheese, and grease.  He pushed on it, and a river of grease streamed out onto his plate.  The enchilada was...interesting.  The filling consisted of a mix of meat, refried beans, and rice.  It was virtually tasteless, except for a funny wang of...wait for it...BREAKFAST SAUSAGE.  "Mexican" food does not get any more gross than this.    I'd go to Taco Bell before revisiting Cancun.In the quest for good Mexican food in the Madison area, there IS a bright side, though: Taqueria Guadalajara is re-opening--TOMORROW.
5	Hands down the best, most authentic Mexican I've had in Madison. NOT closed on Sunday as stated on Yelp. Great mango margaritas, friendly service, and food made with love. Highly recommended.
5	I've loved my food the few times I've ordered from here.  I was pleasantly surprised.
