4	Nice large  clean store. The Store is open 24 hours.They have a fuel center, banking, pharmacy, bakery, deli, seafood and organics.
3	I shop here every Saturday. I can't give it 5 stars because the majority of the cashiers are terrible. Seriously I dread that last part of food shopping. Some of them are quite lazy. And most of the baggers do not know how to bag groceries. Most times I come home with something like bread smushed or broken.Also they have left items out of my bags a few times. I have many times called to complain, but apparently it falls on deaf ears. In case you ask why not use the self check out? Well to me the self check outs take jobs away from people. OK, so you ask why do I shop here, 3 reasons Anthony in the deli department is a pro. I never even have to tell him what I want. He remembers from my last visit. I know I am very boring, I get the same cold cuts every Saturday. That is the OCD in me. Then there is Estrella in the bakery dept. She is the sweetest person. She always greets me with a big Hello, how are you, have a nice day. And last but not least , the two gentlemen in the Pharmacy dept. I wish I knew their names. They are very kind an answer all my questions with kindness and intelligence. also the pharmacy tech is also a superstar. In a perfect world, all the cashiers and baggers would be replaced with people who want to be there and do their job well. In this economy I would think do your job to the best of your ability. These are union jobs so they are getting a good salary and benefits. So for your loyal customers how about not being rude and smushing my bread.
4	Cashiers are pretty friendly, for the most part. This location has a western union so we can pay our bills here. Red box available and gas station w/ red box in case the other two are occupied. Restrooms are clean, liquor section has nice selection and they also have a nifty seasonal section. I most especially love it when things go on clearance :D
2	I do not know why I continue to shop here. I guess it is still due the deli clerks, bakery clerks and the staff at the pharmacy. They are friendly and seem to enjoy their jobs. Again I have to say the cashiers are the worst. This past Saturday, i was going to get on line, there were only two open. Just as I was getting on the one line she tells me to go the other that she is closing, the other one yells over and goes no I am closing too. Really how about I just take my groceries without paying. I am standing there asking what is it you all would like me to do. The cashier on express who was bagging for the one comes to me and states I will take you. Oh goody, now I can get yelled at by the express customers who are about to come up behind me. I had no choice but to follow her. Well a minute latter that is what happened, two people come up behind me and I am the one getting the stink eye. I did most of my own bagging, ( which I prefer), I wanted to speed things up for the people behind me. As I was leaving I look over and the cashier who chased me away never did close her lane. the week before I had to go back as the cashier did not deduct my coupon. I would not have made a big deal, but it was a $6.00 coupon. Smiths really needs to do something about these cashiers. They are lazy and clearly do not want to work. I bet there are alot of people who would want these union positions.
4	OK....more like 4.5 stars. This is my go to grocery store every week at least once a week if not more. Its close by and they have most everything that I want, need and don't need. If there's no green bananas, I always ask and one of the workers there always hooks me up with fresh fruits. The butcher is cool too, they always provide me with whatever fish I point to and how much I want. The cashiers are friendly and although sometimes you have to wait to get checked out there's self check out lines which go by quickly.  OH and the best part is when I get a coupon in the mail for $7.00-$12 bucks...yes that's how much I spend. What grocery store do you know that pays you back for spending money in their store?
4	Not all Smith's are created equal. This is a perfect example of that. Compared to other Smith's in the area (Buffalo/Durango and Trop/Jones) this one is immaculate and well stocked. The few times I've been, the deli section hasn't been crowded so i've gotten quick service. I hate going to places (Glazier's) where the deli line in 10 deep. Friendly staff, shelves that are organized, clean and full... that's not a lot to ask for but unlike other Smith's, this one delivers.
3	I sometimes stop at this Smith's when I'm in the general area.  I find this to be one of the best stocked stores that Smith's has in the area.  The staff is generally very competent.I went here today for some quick pick up of items, and I ended up getting more than I planned because they are now stocking a kind of cheese I love.
1	Once again, it happened. I hate this.This lightly colored female cashier didn't say hi or thank you. No word what so ever while I was there.
4	This has now become my favorite grocery store in my area of town.  Smith's almost always has good weekly sales so that's a plus.  The layout of this store is great, and it's always kept very clean and organized.  Also, all the employees I've ever dealt with here are nice and friendly.The produce section here is one of my favorite things about this location.  All the fruits and veggies are very good and tasty!  There is a nice organic produce section too.  The deli is great as well.  I love that they carry Boar's Head meat here!  And unlike a lot of other grocery store deli's, they actually keep 2-4 employees behind the counter so it's never that long of a wait when you're needing sliced meat and/or cheese.The organic grocery section in this store is bigger than most other chain grocery stores too.  I'm also a fan of their beer section, they carry a decent supply of import and craft beers for those that actually like some variety and taste in their brews.  Always check out their weekly flyer for the good deals, and sign up for and use their reward card to reap the savings.
4	This is not only my neighborhood grocery store, it is my favorite grocery store in town.  The store is always clean, whether it is 5am or 5pm (and I've been here at both times!), organized, and the layout is easy to follow.  I especially appreciate that the employees are always friendly and helpful- whether it is at the seafood counter, the deli, or the checkout.  I love that they have several self-checkout stations, and there usually aren't long lines. I've always found Smith's to be less expensive than some of the other big grocery chains, with great selection and good sales.  I also am a big fan of their rewards program, wherein you can earn points good toward discounts on gas- --and lo and behold, they have a gas station conveniently located on premises! The gas prices are very reasonable to begin with, and if you've earned enough points, then you get a further savings on gas!  Being on my way home, I'm in this Smith's way too often, but I always seem to need something!
5	Please note, this review is only for the florist!. My previous reviews of the cashiers still stand.Denise the florist at smiths is great. She did all the flowers for our wedding. She made our day so beautiful. The prices can't be beat. Denise is a true professional, easy to work with. She has great suggestions and delivered!.Everyone was surprised the flowers were from Smith's. My bouquet was gorgeous. Thank you Denise!
5	This is our neighborhood grocery store. Never reviewed a grocery store before. The meat is great, bakery is tasty, nice and friendly deli staff, and they are DEAD serious about getting you out of there when you're ready to go. Even have a person staffed just to monitor lines. You're in, done, and out as quickly as possible. That's what I'm looking for....plus the cheap gas. :)
5	I absolutely l love this grocery store. I didn't realize how big of a fan I was until i moved across town and have been searching out a new place to do my grocery shopping. I am a working mother of two under the age of 3 and go to the grocery store 2-3 a week. I have been to numerous stores out here in Henderson and none them even come close to the prices, selection, service and cleanliness of the Smiths on Trop/Hualapia. If I had the time I would make the 30 minute drive to continue doing my shopping there!!
4	This particular location is always clean and organized and very easy to get in and out of.  Their prices are ok.  Typically I prefer Albertsons over Smiths. I have never liked how the layout of smiths.  On occasion when coming home from work late at night, I will pick up some cheap sushi from their deli dept.  What disappoints me is they should mark the prices half off after 10 or 11 pm on any sushi that is left or sandwiches and stuff.
5	This is by far the nicest, cleanest Smith's I've ever frequented to date. I used to shop the one on the corner of Charleston and Hualapai until I found this one by accident last year. It has become my top choice when shopping Smith's.Place is always super clean and organized, and never too crowded like the Charleston location. Smith's has the best sales out of all the other competitors too, so shopping here is a no brainer for me. Try to get here at least once a month. Would shop here more but it's a tad inconvenient for me when I'm coming home from work. Typically my weekend grocery store.
5	Come here almost everyday and every time i come i'm always treated excellently. Everybody says "Hey!" and "How are you?". They all make you feel so welcome and appreciated. Its a great place to shop for the freshest produce and any of your day to day products. Always great specials, and friendly faces.
4	I like Smith's a lot but this particular location is one of the best ones. They have good amount cash registers open. They have better rotisserie chicken than most stores.  There is also a gas station that is very reasonable and you can use your points. Solid 4.
4	Fast and Easy.Always great prices.I love their per-packed Sushi
5	This is the best store to get food hands down!  This smith's is clean, staff are friendly, prices are reasonable, and best of all the food is fresher than the average!  I love the bakery here.  I compared the produce and meat to a nearby walmart, and hands down this is a lot better.
4	Living in various states, I have been to every type of Supermarket from the hole in the building (New York) to the Mega Strip Mall (suburbs of DC / Maryland / Virginia).  Smith's has everything to offer minus the Post Office (which is down the street at Albertsons).  From a full service Pharmacy to very well kept bathrooms, anything your heart desires is available off their shelves 24/7 (minus random times they close for various holiday's for about 2 hours that respective day).  Their staff are always extremely friendly (swing by Sushi or Deli for a free taste) and check-out is always quick, no matter how many deep.  Although I like the Self Checkout kiosks, sometimes the Cashier + Bagger is the way to go.  They even have a few video poker gaming machines if you are stuck sitting there while your significant other has to go "find some items" and disappears for 30 minutes.
4	It's Smiths and there are plenty of fans out there. This particular Smiths is clean and organized. Customer service is good and attentive to customers needs. Quality of product is also good and fresh. This location is always busy.
4	Produce is fresh and there is quite a variety of fruits and vegetables. There is a large selection of gluten free food here at this location. So if you are in need of gluten free items this is a good place to visit. They are reasonably priced for a grocery store.  Store is clean. Staff is professional.  Best of all the cupcakes are awesome.
5	I love this Smith's. Very clean and good selection of fruit and vegetables. I also enjoy that they have a large selection of organic food and gluten free.
4	This is my favorite Smiths. I like the lay out and everything is easy to find. The seperate cheese section is nice that some of the other smiths don't have. This one has a fuel island to which is nice. The best part is the deli. Lots to choose from and not a long wait. I'm not very fond of them have vendors in front of some of the isled
4	I appreciate this smiths. Went to the self checkout and made my purchases including this great eye shadow that I was excited to try on when I got home. I get home and start unpacking my groceries I noticed once I was done unpacking, I couldn't find my new eyeshadow, wondering if I had purchased it, I looked on the receipt and sure enough I paid for it. I couldn't find it anywhere, my purse, car, grocery bags, etc... So I called Smiths and spoke to a associate and let her know what happened, without a problem she said to come in at my earliest convenience and have it replaced. And so I did and now I have my new eye shadow :)
3	3 pumps were out so we had to drive around a couple times.  Gas here wasn't significantly cheaper than anywhere else in Vegas.
1	Customer service is very bad. I wanted to return dog toy which is I never opened  they were so lazy to do it .... I gauss they were mad to me. I don't know...
4	Smith's is a foreign entity to me. I do not see them in the San Francisco bay area. I must admit it looks much like a Safeway or a Lucky as they carry all the commoditized products that the aforementioned carry (coke, kraft, kellogs, etc). That really is where the similarities end...Their baked goods are really good: They look good, they tasted good, and the quality is good. The tuxedo cake I had was really fantastic. The layers were rich light and sweet...and did not taste like artificial crap.....ya hear that Safeway or Lucky.The deli was great. The baked breads were great.And what gave me the greatest pause and almost put my heart into cardiac arrest.....the service here was amazing. The folks that work here are really sweet, enthusiastic, and love helping you.I cringe asking help at the supermarkets in San Fran.Nice job Smiths!!!
5	This is the best Smith's lve ever been to, customer service wiseEvery employee there always greets you with a smile and offers assistanceVariety of products is good, especially the "health food" and organic selections they offer
4	Convenient, organized, clean store. Don't forget to bring your reusable shopping bags- - you'll get extra points for this and also keeps the environment clean.
1	My husband received a pair of slippers for the holidays which he did not need, so I called the 1-800 customer number on the box and turned out it was a Kroger product and the rep said that they would gladly exchange it or give me store credit at any Smiths or Ralphs/Kroger.  Well I took it to the customer service desk at this Smith's location and the clerk absolutely refused to give me store credit for the item even after I told her the 1-800 number said they would.  She said "Nope, absolutely not, it's our store policy, 'Not' without a receipt.  Poor customer service as far as I am concerned, she didn't even bother to ask anyone else if they would consider it, she just bluntly refused to do it.  So I called the 1-800 number back and they were surprised; so they put me on hold and called the Charleston location and told me that they would gladly take the slippers back and give me a merchandise credit.   Very upsetting since this is Tropicana location is our neighborhood grocery store and I shop there regularly.  Poor customer service.
