4	Had a groupon for an Organic Keratin Treatment that cost $99. Thought it was a great deal since other salons charge at least $200. The appointment process was easy and quick. The treatment itself took around 1.5 hours. I had a stylist-in-training work on me for the most part since the main stylist had to tend to a customer with a color issue. I walked out with really straight hair and was told not to wash for 3 days. I followed the instructions but my hair still had some kinks. For the most part, I don't think it was the worst money spent but didn't keep it as straight as I would have liked.This salon I'm told has new owners.
5	Beautiful and clean salon with all organic products. Stylist suggested I go with a lighter color and I love it. Offered great advice, but listened too. I'll be back!
5	Had the most fabulous experience and will definitely go back for all my hair needs. First time in 37 years that my husband commented on how great the color and cut was without being asked any questions (How do I look?) The Keratin treatment lasted weeks with shiny, soft hair, and I wash my hair every day. I get my nails done there every week but it is the first time I have used them for my hair. I have already recommended them to all my friends. What a pleasant time I had. See you soon. I LOVE this place.
3	I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars, so really 2.5 I originally went on a groupon and received a decent cut and color.  Would have been a better experience if the stylist would have wanted to make conversation while I was in her chair for 5 plus hours but I get it, I'm not there to make friends just be good to my hair.  The cut was good, the color was ok nothing special.  Upon leaving, I received a $25 off next visit coupon.  No limitations or stipulations on the coupon, which lead me to this visit.The stylist was SUPER nice (Rawlin) and gave me a great cut and style.  I tried to use my coupon (called ahead of time to book an appt and told about the coupon) which they were hesitant to let me use but said ok.When I go to pay, they don't want to take the coupon.  I put up a bit of a fight letting them know that's why I came, called ahead blah blah.  Finally let me use the coupon (mind you not a soul is in the place for the entire 2 hours I am here).Would I go back and pay full price? Nope.
5	I absolutely love this place. I went to Seshi a month ago and have been hooked ever since. I saw Debby for my cut and color needs, who actually specializes In color AND whom happens to be an absolute genius! She has transformed my hair into a beautiful piece of art, and gave me a customized look that fits me so wonderfully! I recommend ALL my friends and family to Seshi as I know they will be satisfied. Comfortable, clean, beautiful environment filled with nothing but the best of customer service. Also, I have seen Oksana for a facial and that was wonderful! I enjoyed such a heavenly massage and got an excellent treatment that addressed my needs, I felt so clean and refreshed when I left. Again, I absolutely love this place and plan on coming back for all my hair and skin needs :)
5	I am thrilled to have found this place! I started with a pedicure last November and was very satisfied. But, the best decision I made was to leave my current stylist (of 5 years) and allow Youn to care for my hair. In just four months my hair is shinier and all-around healthier.  Together we have worked on a subtle transformation leaving me more than pleased. She listens, she's creative, and a true professional. I've heard great things about the other stylists here as well. If you're tired of harsh chemicals and the same old same old, Seshi is where you need to be!
1	Not impressed. I read the reviews online and thought I would give it a try. All I can say is I will NEVER go back. I decided to give them a try since it says online that their facials include a hand and neck massage. The first thing I noticed was how absolutely filthy the treatment room was. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months! There was product smeared on all the product bottles and on the equipment in the room. It looked like a kid with dirty hands had touched just about everything in the room. It also looked like it hadn't been swept or dusted in months. I was skeptical to even stay but decided to give it a try anyways. Big mistake! I wish I had just left. I have had several facials over the years and this was by far the worst! It left my skin red and irritated for days and needless to say I never did get my hand and neck massage.  I will NEVER go back and would not recommend the experience to ANYONE!
2	I wanted so badly to like this salon, as I'm always on the look-out for healthier/greener options. I figured a mani/pedi would be a good place to start, so called yesterday morning to schedule an appointment for the afternoon. After scheduling an appt. for 2 pm, I asked about the cost and how long I should expect for both my hands and feet. I was told that it would take 1 hour total and cost $40 (awesome!).  I wasn't surprised that my feet took a little longer than anticipated because I had some calluses that needed to be filed down, but she didn't start my hands until 3:30! Overall, I was happy with my pedicure, which is why I'm giving 2 stars. I left with my hands looking like they hadn't been touched, despite the half hour she spent on them and the $25 I paid (see photo I posted). By the time it was 4:15, I absolutely had to leave but reached out to the salon later that night explaining my disappoint and asking for my money back for the manicure. I never heard back.
