4	NOT your standard airport restaurant fare!  Try the chicken poblano enchilada.  Service was friendly and attentive.
3	i ended up at the bar in the barrio cafe in the phoenix airport on january 3, 2014 during the Polar Vortex. the bar was crowded with fellow stranded travelers.  i sat at of those tall bar tables with 5  guys who were all waiting for their flights to depart or arrive.the service at the bar was extremely efficient in spite of the overwhelming number of customers. no one waited any length of time for a drink to be delivered.one of our fellow lost sheep ordered the Nachos Barrio. everyone stared at it as it looked like an incredible mess, and yes, it was a mess.there was blue cheese, some kind of meat that should not be on a nachos, for $17.00.do not order the Nachos Barrio.
2	Wow :( when I asked if I could have a side of rice and beans I was rudely told that they "are above rice and beans and that everyone is glad they don't offer them" for the record, I'm not glad. Instead they offer pre-frozen boring slab fries that I can get at any Denny's in town. Huh???
1	If you are starving between flights and only have time to grab from their to-go cooler, don't bother stopping.  No one working the stand and the bartender refused to ring me up.  To the male bartender who was unnecessarily rude--acting like something is not part of your job is never the right response to a customer.  If you don't like being a restaurant employee, that's on you and it's no one else's problem.  Please don't take it out on the people who want to spend money at your establishment.
5	I don't know what went wrong with previous reviewers lol but when I came to barrios in the d gates last weeks Wednesday @ night I was greeted in a friendly fashion by the two host/hostess and sat in a comfortable booth, my server got to me quickly bare in mind the place was PACKED so that was greatly appreciated :) but the awesome service didn't end there my food " barrio nachos" was deliciously put together and was enough too feed two so totally worth the price I enjoyed it very much I totally recommend this place, no better place to be when your flying southwest :D
