3	Indian food in North Scottsdale. Yea! Same corner as Mastro's and Walgreen's. I'm looking to go again, and see if they rate another star, after the start up issues dissolve. I ordered Garlic Naam bread and Chicken Tika Masala. Both very good and nicely presented. Prices are reasonable, for this neighborhood. Only open for dinner, and no weekend buffet is planned yet.
4	We were at the park behind Mastro's with the twins.  We decided to walk around this plaza to check out if there were any new places.  We saw this new Indian/Pakistani restaurant.  It looked really nice and I was not sure I wanted to subject them to my twins.  They are not bad, however they are two years old after all.  They were very nice and accommodating.  They were even gracious enough to remove the tablecloth.  My baby girl thinks she is a magician or something because she wants to pull tablecloths all the time.  We placed one order of Chicken Pakora for the twins.  I was not sure they would eat. Well, they gobbled it all up in seconds.  I couldn't believe it, so we placed a second order.  We also had the regular Naan and the Aloo Naan, both very yummy.  I had the samosas and my husband had the chicken karachi, very tasty.  We will be back it was a great experience.  I am so happy I don't have to travel miles and miles to find a great indian restaurant.
4	Nice people, great food.  A really nice white linen place.  Loved the chicken karachi, naan, samosas, chicken pakora.  Wife had a lovely red, I had a nice premium margarita.
1	Good food... worst service on earth.   Staff has no idea what is in their food.   Manager argued when we got bill with multiple errors.   Too bad we will never go back because of horible experience because food was pretty good.  Walked out shaking our heads at how poorly trained the staff is.
4	Went to this place on a Friday night.  It is relatively new so there weren't alot of people there but a decent enough crowd.  Decor was more like generic Italian restaurant than Indian, but again it's new.  The food was great.  Good Indian food in North Scottsdale - finally!!  We had the Lamb tandoori and Chicken curry and both were excellent.  Along with the garlic naan we ate every bite.  The wine list was a bit short and unimaginative, and you couldn't really order side dishes of many things like paneer and such, but perhaps these will evolve.  We'll definately be back!!
4	Excellent Indian food, very fresh and subtley spiced and cooked, much better than most. Relaxed and upscale atmosphere, pretty busy on a Wed night, highly recommended
4	This place opened up about 2 months ago and checked it out last week for dinner.  First impressions: - Enticing aroma of spices from the kitchen-  Clean but not much done in terms of atmosphere or decor:  a few key touches could spruce up the place.  Also, some music would help to set a relaxing setting-  Old and really old customer base-  Friendly service- Tandoori dishes were well prepared including Tikka Masala and the chutneys- Prices are high and naan is extraOverall good place to go for Indian food in N. Scottsdale
5	Went there last night with a group. Everyone really liked the food and the service was excellent. We shared 5 different dishes. The lamb masala was particularly good, as was the tandoor chicken tikka.  This is the best Indian food we have found in the valley (our group has been to many Indian restaurants in England, Canada and elsewhere). The decor is a little plain, but is clean and new.
4	Second try for AL Hamra and again we really liked it.  Great flavors, lots of spice.  I'd agree with a previous poster that there is alot of sauce for a relatively small amount of meet, but the sauce is soooo good all you need is a little more rice or naan and you are good to go!This time tried the samoas - deep fried so not my favorite, like the m baked better.  Also the Lamb Byrini was just OK, the rice was  a little greasy for my taste.  However the chicken curry and Paneer tilkka masala were spot on and very delicious.  Plus some ofhte best garlic naan I've ever had.We'll definately go backand it is nice to have some good ethnic alternatives in the far North Valley.
4	Nice meal and good service
4	Very good Indian food.  This is what Scottsdale is lacking.  Slightly pricey and they charge for some of the extras you get for free at other Indian restaurants.  But overall very very good.  Highly recommended.
5	I have been twice. The first time was during their pre-grand opening and the food was good. I went back again last week. The food was fantastic. I eat home cooked indian vegetarian food couple times a week so I'm picky. The vegi dishes were twice as good as any other indian place in AZ. The price is higher, but reasonable for the location. The roti and naan is also very good.
5	Fabulous food! I had the chicken tikka masala and my mom had the lamb korma.  I went "not so hungry" but cleaned my whole plate! Service was very friendly. We took the take out menus home, as this would be a perfect alternative to the usual rotisserie chicken or chinese take out!
4	North Scottsdale has needed a good Indian restaurant since I moved here twelve years ago.  My wife and I dined at Al Hamra a couple of days ago and can report that our demand has at last been met.  Seeing a vindaloo on the menu had me correctly guess that the chef had arrived in the USA via Britain, which has a long history of Indian cuisine.  We started with samosas after which I had the lamb vindaloo and my wife tried the chicken korma, all very good.  For dessert, we were presented with a complimentary rice pudding, also good.Prices are in line with the location - expect to pay a bit more here in the pricey North Scottsdale location.  Decor was a bit nondescript - really very little Indian character and in my opinion needs a bit more attention to set the tone of the place.
3	Nearly full restaurant on my visit.  Very polite service.  They take their heat seriously, as the mint chutney was a solid 7 on a scale of 1-10.  Saag and Chana Masala were flavorful and good portions.  Plain Naan is the winner on the bread menu, for price and taste.  Didn't care for the garlic naan so much.Restaurant is tucked behind two other restaurants, a Lamp Pizza place and a Bistro.  Easy to miss.Prices are insanely steep and beyond the norm for this area.  Entrees include "premium" rice.  Dinner only.
4	Friendly service and comfortable setting.  Hasn't been crowded on any of our three visits during past month.  Consistently good food and value for the price.   We appreciate the diversity it has helped add to the Pinnacle Peak restaurant scene.  We will keep coming back.
4	Great high-end indian restaurant in the Phoenix / Scottsdale area.  Expect to pay more for the location.  Order the tandoori chicken and anything vindaloo.  Dishes are pricey but good.  Service is great especially from the cute eastern european waitress (?).  Stay away if you are really hungry and on a budget.
5	We have been looking for a good Indian restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Thus far we have been disappointed at the quality.  Al Hamra was a complete delight.  Lovely, simple, clean decor.  Polite service.  AND the food was delish.  So often I find Indian food is swimming in oil.  We had an eggplant curry and a chana massala and both were wonderful.  Their papadum and naan (especially) were wonderful.  If you are vegan or vegetarian and want a NICE meal, I would highly recommend this restaurant.  They can make your food spicey or mild.  And, if you have meat-eating friends there are many, many excellent selections.  So nice to eat in a civilized restaurant that offers tasty, well-prepared food at reasonable prices.
5	Delightful restaurant!  Had the lamb sagg (4.5 heat) and my daughter had the chicken tiki marsala (6 heat). We both enjoyed the selection and appreciated the free appetizer with sauce (7 heat) to know how to gauge the heat index. The garlic naan was outstanding! And our server was friendly and helpful. Will definitely be back!!
3	Oh Al Hamra, i love your chicken tikka masala and naan like no other. The service is wonderful and the decor delightful, and the wine list extensive, but please....forbthe love of god....play some music.  It is so quite in there that the other patrons discussions, clear across the room seem loud and distracting.  They need music to create ambience and privacy. Its almost akward.
4	Great food here.  I will say its a little pricey but I guess on par for the location.  I will defiantly be back.
4	I've been to this place twice now, and it does not disappoint. Everything I've had (mostly the lamb dishes) has been incredibly tasty and tender. The staff at Al Hamra are very nice and attentive. They make good recommendations and don't hover over you as you eat. The decor is nice. Fairly standard, but not down-market by any means, after all, it is in a decent area surrounded by high-income rooftops. The only problem I have is I wish more people would go. I've only been on weeknights so I can't speak to the (hopefully busy) weekend crowd, but this place could use a couple more people discovering it and becoming loyal customers. It is pricey, which may be a result of the location, but it's better than most other Indian places I've been. Give it a shot and you won't be disappointed.
5	That really good Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area has eluded us - we've tried at least 10 that were supposed to be "it". So this time no one recommended Al Hamra - it's just been on my way home for as along as it's been open. It was worth stopping - very good lamb vindaloo (spice level 7 - packing some heat) and a variety of other dishes that we tried. My wife liked the samosa but I was thinking 'so so'. All in all the chef has a fine touch and the food is very solid and well above average, although a bit pricey (as you might expect for the location). Most of the recommendations by others seem spot on. Recommended.
2	Stoped by on Sunday night, only two tables in the place- bad sign. Harried & fustrated waitress- ordered a beer- out of stock, second choise out of stockasked for Chutney out of stock, ordered lamb kebob out of stock! I am seeing a trend here....Had three entrees they were ok- I really wish there was a great indian place in Scottsdale- any recommendations?give Al Hamra a skip
3	This  is hands down one of the nicer looking Indian restaurants in the city. Located in a very upscale part of town , it keeps up by having very good ambience and very professional service. All this comes at a price. Literally. This is also one of the priciest Indian restaurants in the city. The food by that standard not the most amazing i have ever eaten. The food is satisfactory though. I had the lamb biryani and the chicken makhani which were both done good. So come here for a fancy night out when you are prepared to pay more for a decent meal. If , however, all you are craving for is good old indian cuisine and do not want to burn a hole in your pocket, there are plenty of other alternatives in the city.
2	Palak Paneer and Benghan Bartha were wayyy too salty for anyone's taste. Not sure if it was MSG or salt but it left us feeling a little ill after dinner and we could barely eat any of it.  The garlic naan was delicious and the rice was good. The waitress seemed hurried and not as hospitable as one would expect.
4	This is a great restaurant and I don't understand why it isn't busier. The location is great being just off of Pinnacle Peak and Pima Rd. Unlike many Indian restaurants the decor, crystal, plates, silverware are really nice and elegant. They have lovely indoor and outdoor dining options.The cuisine is simply outstanding. The quality of the sauces, meats, vegetables is top notch. Our waitress was delightful and the owner/manager came to our table and he was very nice and knowledgeable about his cuisine and Indian cuisine in general.This place has to catch on because I get the feeling that if it started getting packed, it would be one of the more popular restaurants in Northern Scottsdale. We will be regulars.
2	Horrible service! We had to wait 40 minutes for the waiter to acknowledge us. The food is ok
4	We had dinner here the other night and really enjoyed ourselves.  The food was very good and the service was excellent.  Have not had much luck with Indian restaurant.  This was a very welcome surprise.
4	We eat here pretty regularly -- the food is consistently good and there are a good variety of options covering many regional dishes, including many great vegetarian options as you would expect for Indian fare.  I've been to India and Indian enclaves throughout Asia, and the food is consistent with the real thing.  The heat/spiciness is also consistent with how they serve it in India (i.e. hot is HOT) -- they ask for your your heat preference, so for your first visit you may want to dial it back a notch from what you might normally request locally.The place is big and clean and bright, but as others note there's not a ton of character.  Service is friendly, and we come enough that they recognize us and welcome us back.  As some have noted it can be a bit slow at times (not always), but I think it's consistent with the food being prepped fresh to order.
1	Full disclosure: I was born and raised in the sub-continent so my expectations are quite different from the average Joe who's view of authentic Mexican food isTaco Bell or of authentic Italian pizza is Pizza Hut. I provide these qualifications because my comments may be from a very different perspective. For American Indian food it's okay. For the real old country food it deserves no more than a 1 star. S that's the story.
5	We just returned from dining at Al Hamra with friends and had to comment on the great meal and service we had.  Mario, our waiter, was knowledgeable and friendly.  Our orders came promptly and all were excellent.  We ordered the samosas and onion paneer for appetizers.  We had the shrimp vindaloo, the chicken with coconut, the chicken curry and the eggplant dish along with aloo naan and mango chutney.  All had the right amount of spice as ordered and were tender and very tasty.  It's been several years since we dined at Al Hamra but we will definitely go back.
4	No lack of flavors at this restaurant. The naan was some of the best I've ever had. Other notables were the Bhindi Masala, Palak Paneer, and Aloo Ghobi.The Tandoori meats were delicious. All items are cooked to your spice level, we chose four and that was plenty.Halfway through dinner, I shifted into sport-eating mode and got myself one helluva tummy ache on the drive home, it was that good.I'm paying for it today. Well, not really. My wife is.
5	Lamb Korma and garlic Naan were the best I have ever tried! Food has it is unique flavor and by far, the best indian food I ever had.
5	Superb Mughal classics, served with great style in a gentle and relaxing atmosphere.  Great wine list, too, which Indian restaurants often lack.  Prices are higher than most neighborhood curry houses, but the quality of the ingredients is definitely worth the splurge if you truly love this cuisine.  A great place!
5	This place was fantastic! We had great service. The waiter was very helpful and friendly. He made great recommendations too. I had the lamb vindaloo and my husband had the chicken tiki masala. Both were very tasty. We will be returning soon.
3	The food here is great, very authentic.  The service however is horrible.  Two of us ate here on a Saturday night, there were only two other tables and two waitresses, they both should be working somewhere else, preferably where they don't have contact with other people, their skills were really lacking for a hospitality business.
5	The food and service was excellent. Mario was are server did a great job and made some good suggestions. The ultimate naan was awesome, a great starter. I had the lamb vindaloo was perfect @ a 7. My wife had the shrimp tikka masala, very tasty sauce almost like a bisque. This was are first visit, we'll be back again.
5	I hadn't had Indian food in years and a group of us decided to make it our ethnic food choice for our get together.  I read the yelp reviews and we all went.  I can tell you it was all everyone said and more! The food, the friendly service and the very nice restaurant owner made our experience one to remember! The Chicken tiki masala, Samosas, lamb vindaloo and everything else was full of flavor and delicious! The Naan was to due for too. This is a place to put on your favorites list!
3	Al Hamra is a nice Indian food restaurant.  That sounds like a pretty basic statement but that's kind of the point.  My experience was not remotely bad nor was it remarkable.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly and I would give it four stars if it wasn't for the fact that one of the dishes we ordered was a lamb dish that was overcooked, but I took them home for leftovers and it was oddly better.  We got Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Naan, and Lamb chops.  Chicken Tikka was exactly as I hoped and the Garlic Naan was perfect.  It was flavorful and on par with what Ive had at other establishments closer to home.   I wouldn't order the lamb chops again but id order curry dishes without any hesitation and be confident that they are good.  The lamb chops however as i said previously were overcooked.  If you are in the area than I would recommend trying it out.  Its a great looking place with great staff but unfortunately is hidden in the mastros complex so deep that its more word of mouth than anything else.  You certainly wouldn't drive by and know its there.  It is however absolutely worth trying if you have a craving for Indian food.
5	This is a fabulous Indian restaurant - the food is excellent.  I see some negative reviews on here about service, but I haven't experienced that.  I have usually had the same gentleman as my server who is always very attentive and friendly. But really - go for the amazing food - everything from the naan, the sauces, the rice - it's so delicious.  I do agree that it is a bit pricey for the dishes, but then again, being in a North Scottsdale complex, the rent they need to cover is probably very high.I worry because it's never crowded when I go, and I think it's because it's not in a high traffic area.   But don't let the lack of full tables influence you - worth going if you love Indian or are even looking to try it for the first time - they have some very basic dishes and you can choose your spice level.  Great for vegetarians too!
3	Waitress was very weird and pretty much unhappy for no reason? Got irritated over asking difference between two beer choices and how much rice we'd get for sharing 5 dishes as a family of 6. We were the only table there besides 1 older couple at the bar. The food was great but the waitress was just not "with it."
3	I have dined at Al Hamra once only, and found the food to be quite good.  Our waiter was truly knowledgable about Indian food, and was always attentive and efficient.The naan was outstanding, and the lamb dishes were up to a pretty high standard.  I like restaurants that attempt a nice ambience, and they did achieve a step in that direction by having Indian music playing in the background at an appropriate volume.  But the dining room, other than the music, is pretty generic.  It certainly doesn't feel like an evening in Mumbai.The chutneys I tasted were excellent, but they had no pickle, and no chili paste, so, as our meal progressed that became more and more frustrating.  Our excellent waiter stated there would be pickle coming in (from India) soon.  Of course, you can buy Indian pickle of several types in a good ethnic grocery store.My rating of three stars is one star lower than I think the restaurant may deserve, but the atmosphere is really quite depressing.  There is a stripe around the dining room of chipped paint due to chair backs scraping the painted, plastered walls.  This could so easily be remedied by chair rail, or touch up paint.  The lighting from rafter mounted fixtures, and focused into "hot spots", hits the walls in every which way, and the lighting on the tables is just the little battery powered fake candles.  All of this adds up to a "cheesy" feeling in the dining room.  It wouldn't take much to turn Al Hamra into a truly nice place, if management should care enough to keep an eye on things.
5	Best indian food in arizona.
3	I love this restaurant for the food, but tonight our service was so bad that we will probably only do take-out in the future.  We had the Chicken Naan, the Chicken Tandoori, and the Lamb Masala, and everything was terrific.  I also thought the quality justified the prices.  On the downside, our waitress treated us so shabbily that it colored the entire evening.  We felt truly insulted and condescended to during the entire visit, and what started out as "jokey" behavior towards our table deteriorated to the point that we finally had to go to the bar just to get our checks so we could leave.  Sadly, our below average tips will probably be written off as being from "cheap women diners" rather than a show of our extreme dissatisfaction.  A truly disappointing experience.
3	My wife is Indian so we don't think this is some white guy that does not understand indian food.  Al Hamra is a little overpriced but the food is pretty good.  The service is a little slow but not too bad.  The chicken is alright but their lamb is high quality!  Any lamb dish will do but i usually get the lamb vindaloo, very delicious!
5	My wife and I decided to try this place, even after the mixed reviews about service and food portions.  Before going into some details, let's just say we loved it and will certainly return in the future.Consistent with other comments, there were only 3-4 other couples eating there during our visit, but it was a Tuesday evening, and we arrived shortly after 5:30.  Our server Emma was very pleasant, helpful, and informative in discussing the menu items, their preparation, and the spice level.We ordered an appetizer, some naan, and two main dishes - the lamb korma and the chicken coconut.  Emma specifically asked us did we want our naan with our appetizer or with our main meal.  The chicken pakora appetizer was very good and was accompanied by two nice sauces.  The two entrees were absolutely fantastic and served about five minutes after we completed our appetizer.  My only minor issue was that I ordered the lamb dish at a seven spice level, which took a bit away from the lamb flavoring.  We ordered the chicken coconut at a five spice, which was perfect for us.We thoroughly enjoyed our entire experience and will return.  We hope to have Emma as our wonderful server for our next visit.Leo
5	Amazing food, love that it is made in olive oil. The chef customizes to your taste pallete, spice level and allergies, less oil etc. Highly recommend it as an Indian.
5	We had a family dinner there with a one year old, a three year old and four adults.  Excellent patient service with excellent food.  A thoroughly enjoyable evening.
