4	While I'm still searching for a new stylist, my hair just keeps on growing so I decided to give Great Clips a try today. I've never been to a Great Clips before and I used their iPhone app to "check in" to get put on the waiting list as I'm sure on a Saturday, it gets quite busy. I only had to wait about 5 minutes and this location wasn't that busy at all as I got there right at 8:05 AM and they open at 8. There were 3 older gentlemen ahead of me. I think it helps that this store is tucked in over by Vogue Bistro instead of right by the road as I'm sure it would have been a total zoo on a Saturday AM. Christina cut my hair and she was friendly, polite, and listened when I told her what I wanted. I have super thick hair and it probably would have been easier for her to just wash my hair first in the sink, it would have cost me an additional $4. Not that $4 is a big deal, but my hair tends to laugh at the water bottle spritz. Either way, it worked out ok. It only cost me $13 for my cut...it was fast, easy, and Christina did a nice job.What I wish is that instead of perm services, they offered COLORING because I am getting sick of doing my own coloring, but I didn't know they didn't offer coloring so had to zip to Bashas next door to get a box of Garnier. Besides, does ANYBODY perm anymore? Would I go back? Probably...if I only need a haircut and no other services. The store was very tidy, the ladies were super nice, and my haircut was well done. The mobile app was cool and easy to use and made checking in easy.
5	I really had a good hair cut here.  I even got my hair textured, I think that is what she said she was doing, but anyways it works.  People said they like my haircut so I guess that fancy texturing is cool for guys also.  Next thing you know I will be getting my eyebrows done.  Seriously ask for: Last name Allison, she did a great job and was really paying attention to cutting my hair.  She took her time and wanted it perfect.  Glad she took the extra time, I get compliments on it :)
1	I visited this location today for a haircut.  I was willing to wait  extra time so I could get a specific stylist.  I was told it would be about a 20-25 minute wait...while I was waiting the stylist I wanted took a phone call, she told the person come on in and I will fix it.  She then had another phone call from the manager about the schedule.  All other customers had been taken care of and a man came in and sat down.  The stylist then finished the lady she was working on, she came out to me and said, "I need to fix this guys hair before you because he was not happy with his haircut yesterday."  I said to her, " I have been waiting 40 minutes, she said sorry but I have to fix his hair.  I chose to leave the shop and not wait any longer.  I then called the shop and asked for a corporate number, the girl that answered handed the phone to the stylist that I originally wanted, I could hear her say I think she wants to complain.  The stylist answered the phone and I asked her for the number.  She gave me the number and again said the company policy was to fix or repair an earlier mistake rather than take care of the customer that has been waiting.  I told her thanks for the number and she just lost a customer forever. I called the number and it is a recording, it says to leave your name and number and someone will call you back within 5 days.  After hearing this I do not blame the stylist for following the rules because it is apparent that the rule makers are not really concerned about customer service and do not have any sense of urgency.  They obviously have not trained their employees to be able to make a judgement call on the spot to make all customers happy.  All that being said I really do not expect a call back or anyone to try and salvage my business and that is ok, I will find another salon for getting a haircut.
5	I've always gotten my haircut by Hilda. She's great with boy & girl haircuts and even trims my hubby's beard.  This place has affordable prices and great stylist plus they always welcome you when you come in.
4	Family trip to this location was pleasant & quick for most.My husband & daughter got washed & trimmed.  I only got a wash.  My wash was relaxing & I loved the product she used on me.  I do not allow anyone that works at this location to do more than wash.  I do Not trust them with my African American hair type.The lady who trimmed my daughter's hair complained to her about it being so thick & kind of knotty.  She's only ten & biracial.  She likes to play, I'm sure after a long day at school her long thick hair might bee knotted.  Do not complain about it repeatedly to a child!  My husband liked his stylist who was the same that washed my hair.  She did a good job & has friendly.I will not allow the middle aged blonde woman do any of our hair ever again.  (I'll have to check the receipt for names)
