4	Durst is a family bike shop that's been around forever.  They do a good job helping you select the perfect bike for your size and needs, and they'll do the tune-ups and other maintenance.  The prices might be a little higher, but the service is good.  Brands sold include Cannondale, GT, Raleigh, Schwinn, etc.
5	this is a great local bike shop.  we've bought several bikes here over the years and always received excellent service.  this is also the only place to go in CU for skateboard gear.  the guys who help us with the boards are awesome and treat my kids extremely well.
4	Durst is insanely expensive, but they do carry top-shelf bike brands. My recommendation: go to Durst, find the bike you like, and take it for a test ride.  Then, buy the bike online for hundreds less.
1	This shop has an "absolutely no returns" policy, and there is a damn reason for that. They stock low-quality items that malfunction or break, and when you complain, they wave you off by blaming everything on your incompetency and "the use of wrong tools". Basically, they are pinching to every dollar they could get today, taking advantage of scarce business competition and the volatility of the student population. Why would they want to strive for customer satisfaction, if a year or two from now you'll be gone from this little town forever?  So they don't.     I bought a freewheel remover tool from Durst: it's nothing but a 1-inch nut with some special threading on it. They charged me $10 for a nut. Overpriced as it is, I thought to myself, As long as it does its job, it's a good tool to have.    Well, it didn't do it's job. The nut was defective: so shallow that it fell almost all the way into the freewheel, sticking out only by about 1/8 inch to grip on with a wrench. It was also made of unhardened metal, so the nut's edges  smudged like clay, without removing the freewheel.        When I brought it back, the workers and then the management tried convincing me that a large  professional-grade adjustable wrench was the wrong tool, and I should have used a vise. Since when a wrench is a wrong tool for turning a nut?!?! By the way, the instructions on the packaging explicitly read "remove by... using either an adjustable wrench or ... a vise" . So, excuse me for being a student on a budget and not being able to afford to own a workbench with a vise!      While I understand that Durst Cycles did not make the tool, there is nothing worse a business selling shitty merchandise and then fooling its customers into believing that the failures are somehow their own fault. This  is what earns the lowest rating for this review.
1	I would like to give them zero stars, but alas and curse them, they will get one!  The short story: don't waste your time at Durst, go to Champaign Cycle instead - they are awesome.The long story:I went here while I was a student, in order to get an inner tube.  The gentleman (I use this term loosely) who assisted me would not condescend to help me understand what I could do to prevent further flats (I know now: keep them inflated to about 3x the pressure I had when I got the flat).  As a greenhorn, I picked up some tire slime (a vile flat tire prevention product - complete waste of money).  The clerk took my money, and then, _as he handed me the receipt_ derided the product as the useless s*** that it is.They will take your money, laugh in your face, and they know that they can continue because they have a constantly rotating supply of suckers (students).I will say that there was (maybe still is) one cool guy (kinda young).  God help him.
2	This place has the smallest selection of womens' bikes I have ever seen for its size, and literally only one or two small women's road and/or hybrid bikes.  If you're under 5'5", skip this place and go straight to Champaign Cycle, which has lots of small Treks to ride (if you don't like Trek, though, you should drive to Bloomington).  Also, they make no effort to adjust your bike to fit you if you buy it there. I bought an Electra Townie there and paid full price, and only learned later that the handlebars were set WAY too high; I could barely reach them and could never curl my fingers around the handlebars without leaning way forward. Because I could not yet ride a bike when I bought this one, I couldn't test ride, but this was something that anyone could have seen who bothered to look at me and look at this bike.  I later adjusted them myself at home using an Allen wrench, but other adjustments were needed that required tools that i don't own, which was irritating.  Also, the salesperson tried to wheedle me into riding a bike that was so big for me I couldn't stand over it.  I also was sold a water bottle holder for my Townie that didn't fit my Townie.  I was unable to return or exchange it, but they offered to give me some "shims" to make it fit.  very lame!
1	This is basically a shop for people that don't know anything about bikes.  My sister used this shop because she doesn't have a clue. Bike tune up = $60  (what a joke)  They don't even wipe the dirt off.  They broke her derailleur in the process.  She had to pay an extra $40 for a new one (which wasn't in stock) and while she was being rung up, they tried to charge her $50 for it.  The kicker is that the derailleur was not in the same Shimano family as her other hardware so it doesn't actually work too well.  She says her chain comes off all the time.  Overpriced, understocked, poor workmanship and they're a bunch of cheats.
1	$9 for a tube? are you kidding?i also asked to use a wrench and they wouldn't let me b/c of "insurance" reasons. if i am buying a bike tube, i know how to take my wheel off and replace the tube. they tried to charge me to have it replaced but i opted to take a walk home and do it myself.terrible service, terrible prices.
4	My wife and I love Durst Cycle. We took her bike there after we'd been turned away by the snobs at another bike store and the tech at Durst put it up on the rack right away, gave it a quick once over and gave us an estimate which turned out to be spot on. I bought a bike there that day and the salesman took plenty of time to answer my questions and let me look around. We've gone back a number of times to pick up accessories and get tune ups and never had a bad experience. Great place!
3	I've been here with a friend before to get his bike fixed, and he seemed to be very satisfied with the service.  Then again, I'm not sure exactly how knowledgeable he is about bikes, because I'm certainly no pro.I went here today to buy a bike lock, and they did my favorite thing: greeted me warmly, asked if I needed help, then left me alone.  I was checked out by a dude that seemed like he was on downers.  I asked if they would cut my old lock off my frame, and he said yes without hesitation.  Once it was off, he informed me not to lose my keys again, because they'd charge me $15 to cut off the thicker lock that I bought.  Good to know, but it kind of felt like scolding.  The lock that I bought was only about $5 more than it is on Amazon, which is pretty good for buying it in a specialty store.
1	I've purchased at least 5 bikes over the last 10 years there. I just took a bike in I bought a year ago for the free check up. I missed the one year mark by 13 days. They said too bad and wanted to charge me $70. I bet I've spent at least $5000 on bikes there over my life in this town and they want to stick me for $70 on a technicality???I'll never set foot in there again. The atmosphere in the store always has a negative vibe. No one is talking to each other, no enthusiasm. I had a friend of mine who worked there years ago. He said they are all about money and the Durst family treats the employees like lesser humans....
1	Chalk one up for not having the sense to check out Yelp before spending my money. D'oh.Long story short, these people are jerks. Charged near $200 to tune up my mountain bike and hey, what do you know, now I'm having even MORE problems with it!! And I know it isn't my riding habits, because I seriously doubt riding back and forth on paved roads to work every couple of days would make a bike suddenly unable to stay in gear, and the console creak loudly every time I pedal.I should also mention that if you are told your bike will be ready 'tomorrow' that is Durst-speak for 'sometime at the end of next week.' I surely enjoyed walking across campus in a 100+ degree heat wave because I made the mistake of expecting my bike to be fixed in two days at most, considering they quoted me one...If you plan on supporting this business in any way, you should probably go to the bank, withdraw a couple hundred bucks, and set fire to it. That is the equivalent of my experience with Durst.I highly suggest Bikeworks as an alternative to these jerks at Durst.
1	If you like to get ripped off,lied to and cheated, then this is the bike shop for you. Prices are insanely marked up and service is by far some of the worse I've ever seen.
1	all one star reviews confirmed
1	I had a flat tire and decided to go here. I had to left my bike as they said they can't do it right away. I came back and charged $20 for it!!
1	I heard that this was a Christian family run company. Turns out the son there is the biggest lying, cheating and thieving crook I've ever met.The father seems nice and the staff are all fine, but the place is run by the son who is just an awful person. I would avoid the store entirely just because of this man. He'll rob you blind and spit in your face.
2	I have bought a couple bikes here but that is mostly because Champaign Cycle was too far away and BIkeworks is never open when he says he will be, super run down and condescending. I went in to Durst to look at their used bikes. I wanted a women's cruiser. The only one they had was a huffy Panama Jack for $129 (used!). I checked online and it retails new for $149! I've also had trouble getting help when I go there, perhaps because I'm not wearing spandex even though I ride my bike more than 95% of the general population.
1	I came here once to buy a Camelbak, of which they had none, "because everyone just buys them on the Internet now ". Well yes, if you don't have any in your store, people will buy them on the Internet.Then, I came here once at 5:45 PM before trying to go mountain biking and intending to buy some cycling gloves. They were closed. I don't know what kind of idiotic bike shop owner thinks they can just stay open until 5:30 and stay in business. Hey idiotic owner, a lot of your customers are going to be working people. If you ever expect them to shop at your store, you're going to need to stay open a little later.Or don't, and just go out of business. Maybe a shop that is actually helpful will open in your place.
