5	Bella Lynda has new owners. They have just started catering and they outdid themselves. For 8 women, I ordered 1 pizza, 1 tray of jumbo ravioli, 1 tray of eggplant parm and a salad. In addition to that, they threw in a second pizza, a second tray of eggplant, a side of spaghetti, 2 orders of garlic knots, 8 bags of Famous Amos cookies, paper goods and mints.   To top it all off, the food itself was hot and delicious.  Big thumbs up!!!
1	We went to Brother's with a craving for pasta. We read reviews on other sites online and most were positive. So, we were expecting to have a good experience. Not so much... The waiter we had was horrible. I'm not sure he knew his name, much less anything else. I ordered chicken fettuccine alfredo at first. After ordering, he told me that they were out of chicken. Then, I asked if they had shrimp they could put on the fettuccine instead. He said, 'sure'. Then he comes back and says that the only kind of shrimp they have is breaded shrimp and wanted to know if I wanted that on my pasta. I clearly did not want breaded shrimp alfredo and told him so. He then informed me that they did, in fact, have chicken after all. A whole case, in fact. So, I ordered chicken fettuccine alfredo. We ordered mozzarella cheese sticks for an appetizer and waited about 30 minutes for them to arrive. After presenting us with our sticks, the owner comes over and gives us a plate of garlic knots 'on the house'. We soon found out that we got the 'on the house' knots because they had obviously wrongly made them for another order about 2 hours previously and didn't have anything else to do with them, so they gave them to us. Besides being cold and hard, the garlic knots were absolutely awful. The garlic was so powerful that it was spicy hot and overpowered everything else. On to the main dishes....eventually. It took over an hour for us to receive our main dishes. My mother-in-law got veal parmesan and the meat was overdone and completely awful. My husband got cheese tortellini and a side of italian sausage. The sausage was severely undercooked. My chicken alfredo was some of the most awful pasta I've had in my life. The noodles were super chewy and the chicken was dry as hell. No one ever asked us how our food was. Probably because they knew our answer would not be 'great, thank you.'. And if they didn't know, they didn't care. So, we paid our bill and went on our way. Post- dining experience... My whole family hung out in the bathroom (separately, of course) for quite a while after our trip to Brother's. If you don't want to suffer the same fate, pass on the Brother's dining experience.....
2	I guess you'll all have to count me as part of this "vocal minority" who are critical of this restaurant, it has joined a long list of pizza restaurants in the South West of Las Vegas which I won't be visiting a second time. Perhaps it depends on who you get that influences your perception of customer service, but my experience as a walk-in customer was one of being rushed into my decision so the proprietor could get on with more important things.The pizza was edible, but with a very bland crust and unevenly cooked. Garlic knots are tasty but are beyond greasy.An uncomfortable ordering experience that paid off with blah-tasting food.
1	We were going to try this place twice, but each time whenI presented a local coupon they refused to accept it.I don't trust businesses like this who play games to try toget you into the restaurant ... kinda like bait & switch.
4	We went in with a coupon that they no longer accept but they offered us 20% off. Pizza was great and big too. Chicken Marsala was yummy and the cheese ravioli was good too - great sauce. Garlic knots and salad came with entered and the ranch dressing was super (I'm a picky ranch-er too). Polite waiter as well. Don't live in the area but will go back if we are around for sure.
4	Just happened to find out about this place from a menu stuffed in the door. I was excited to try them out until I read the reviews and saw it was formerly Bella Lynda, which we ordered from once before and thought was pretty terrible. But, tired of ordering from the only other 3-4 places that deliver to Mountains Edge we took a chance. We had chicken wings, curly fries, I had spaghetti and meatballs and my hubby had veal parmesan. I have to say we were very pleased with everything. The meatballs were surprisingly very juicy and seasoned well. Veal was good. Portions extremely generous. We will definitely order from them again!
1	I will never order from this place again! We got the menu on our door, and thought we would try a new place. I wish I would have checked YELP before ordering. After ordering they gave us our total and it was double what the menu said.  They said the menu was printed wrong. So I tried it any way, it was the worst pizza I have ever had, but the wings were good.
1	As of a month or so ago this place has YET ANOTHER set of new owners. Over the years this place has been called Bella Sarah, Bella Lynda, Brothers Italian Bistro and has had at least five different sets of owners.Being always keen for decent pizza I dropped in on the way home to pick up a pizza with pepperoni. The "bistro" is as unremarkable in appearance as it ever was, but the staff seemed fine and the pizza was ready reasonably promptly.When I arrived home I opened my door and my hopes for my pizza sank before I had even opened the box. There, jammed into the door of my apartment complex which specifically prohibits trespass for the purposes of solicitation, was a menu from Brothers Italian Bistro - In my experience, the sorts of places who ignore the rules for free advertising NEVER provide quality food as they tend to be as "cheap" as the thought process that arrives at the conclusion that rules don't matter as long as they can personally or financially benefit.Sure enough, my pizza was burnt on the outside, sloppy and wet in the middle, unevenly topped and generally tasteless. In fact, it was pretty much exactly like food has always tasted from this establishment. I'm starting to wonder if the "new management" thing is all a ruse to score some business from hopefuls who think the food might not suck anymore.The following day I went down to the apartment office and gave them the menu and watched the manager phone brothers and read them the riot act about trespassing (as they do with anyone who spams us). A week or so later, there in my door again was the same menu. On my way to get the mail I ran into the maintenance staff to whom I complained bitterly about Brothers lack of respect for our complex and discovered that one of the maintenance guys had "nearly gotten into a fight" with their spammer who had claimed to be "authorized to be there" before being kicked out. The guys and I had a bit of a laugh and one of them hit the nail on the head "Those guys have had so many owners over the years but the food has always been terrible".If you receive a menu from Brothers or any other pizza restaurant in your doorjamb, remember the lessons of this review and save yourself a lot of grief. Don't reward people too cheap to buy proper advertising who litter your home with their trash and don't trust in the integrity of their food.
3	Every time I get a new flyer stuck in the door, I give them a shot on pizza night.  Not too many have impressed me thus far, and I usually end up just going with Papa John's.Brothers was the latest one, and I ordered some last night for the family.I got a 16" 4 topping pizza, 12 wings, and an order of fried zucchini.I have to say, I was impressed with the zucchini.  Seemed like the real deal, vs. the typical frozen mass produced products typically included with pizza delivery.The wings were pretty par for the course.  Not burned...standard hot sauce & butter recipe.  Can't complain.The wings came with fries, which we ended up throwing out.  Just thick and a little soggy.  Not a good delivery item.  The pizza was pretty good overall.  Can't say it was too much better than Papa John's, and for the price, I probably won't repeat as a customer, but as far the whole package, dinner was satisfactory.
1	Seriously...listen to Yelp!!! I read all the reviews and still chose to order from them. I got the antipasto and a turkey sub. Which was $19 and took over an hour to deliver. The salad was basically a pile of shredded lunch meet and lettuce...I couldn't even eat it. As for the sandwich with "fresh baked bread" it didn't have the stuff I asked for on it. I had to add my own mustard/mayo and they put GREEN olives on my sandwich?!?! The bread was hard and NOT fresh baked...maybe 2-3 days ago, which I for one do not consider fresh. The delivery man was seriously weird!! He rang the door bell a whole bunch of times repeatedly. Then he just like lingered and I seriously wondered for a minute if he was going to try and charge his way into my house or something. Won't be going back and I hope anyone reading this doesn't  go either!!
3	So I've read through most of the reviews and everyone is pretty knowledgable about the place, I can't vouch for all the issues but I saw a trend in the bad reviews; they all had their pizza's delivered.  And yes, i live in a neighborhood that does not allow solicitation but they still drop off their flyer all the time. But I have been to the place several times and I have picked up and taken out each time, and I haven't had a problem.  Now it is a bit pricey, and there are definitely places that are better (have you tried Biaggio's) but it's actually pretty good if you give it a chance and my favorite pizza is the Brothers combo pizza.  So I agree with all the validity and complaints that everyone had but if you have the time, pick up or take out, you might like what you get.
5	Our family enjoys eating here. They have a friendly staff. Our usual is a 16" pick special (best deal around) Black Olive, extra cheese, pepperoni pizza w/ light sauce.  We enjoy the service and they've never given us a problem.  It's tough finding a regular place to just sit and quietly enjoy your meal.  Every time we eat else where it's a mad house for some odd reason (reminds us why we keep coming back).  It's located on Rainbow in the Eldorado Plaza.  They're conveniently open later than any other pizza place near us and not to mention reasonably priced.  My mean reason I adore this place is because everything is fresh. Their phone is always off the hook at night.
5	Tonight we stopped into Brothers Italian Bistro to have dinner again. We usually get a pick up special pizza, and fountain drinks but this time being that it's Sunday night football. We decided to go with their every day specials a number 4. One 16" Pizza 1 topping, 12 wings and a basket of fries for $20.99 plus tax of course.  The food is reasonably priced for how FRESH it is. I've had a large Antipasto salad here for 6.99 because I recently found out I'm allergic to wheat.  Next time we go I'll probably try a Grilled Chicken salad for $6.Once again the service was EXCELLENT.  We sat down watched the game while we waited.  The fries are Mmm Mmm good.  Normally places over salt them but not here. The wings were devoured, and took it the rest of home.I can honestly say I feel at home when I'm here.  They really do have a friendly atmosphere.  I'm determined to spread the word about them because they deserve it.  We will be back again.
1	Staying in Hampton Inn Tropicana for the weekend we got a few fliers under our door when we got back around 930pm.  We had eaten before our show and were looking for a bit of food for the end of the night.  Decided to give them a shot without yelping them first.  Worst choice I could have made.  The pizza is horrible. Ingredients taste like they are old and nothing is fresh about it at all.  The delivery guy had no idea what was going on.  Took a long time to arrive.  Seriously one of the most disgusting pizzas Ive ever eaten.  I had two slices and the rest is in the trash.
2	My husband and I have pizza once a week and love to try new places.  We are pretty loyal to our local family run deliverers of pizza but once in a while we get a menu put on our door that' sounds yummy and can't wait to try.  Brothers left us one of those menus and we called tonight to give it a try.  We ordered a 16" 4 item pizza, a meatball sub and 12 wings.  (Yes, we love leftovers, lol)  First, the meatball sub: The meatballs had no flavor at all.  I believe they were store bought.  The sauce had no flavor.  I will say, the bread was delicious tho. The sandwich comes with a side and we asked for coleslaw and received fries by mistake.  The wings: severely undercooked and were void of any sauce.  The pizza: Pepperoni, mushrooms, black olives and garlic.  It was OK. Nothing special.  Finally, the price: Its was really expensive. Med. pizza, a sandwich and 12 wings = $41 + tip !!!
1	Like many reviewers of this... establishment, our complex was spammed with menus. We were in the mood for a calzone, so decided to give this place a try- without checking Yelp first, of course. Stupid. So I call and try to order. I wanted some sun dried tomatoes, as advertised on their menu, but I guess they ran out/lied/didn't feel like it. Whatevs, it's cool bro, just put mushrooms instead. Then he asks for method of payment- card. Ok, well there's a charge for this (I hate places that do that shit). So he then asks for my card number- wtf, why do you need this if I'm picking it up myself? I tell him, "I'll just pay when I get there," and I guess at that point he just walked away from the phone for a minute.. then he comes back and demands "Card number??!" So I'm like, okay.. I'll play your game, silly man.. don't expect a tip, though. He says it'll be ready in an hour and I'm thinking, okay, this better be good 'cause we're freaking hungry and dying over here.Upon arrival, I got to see who I was dealing with, but some other dude rang us up. Neither were particularly friendly. The guy said "We have your card number in our system, but it wasn't rang up." Da fuuuh? Seemed shady to me. Finally, onto the food itself. The calzone (family size) was enough to feed 3-4 people, so I'll give them that. But it was pretty void of cheese, thus wasn't worth the wait, drive or money. That, and it didn't make me feel too good. We also had an order of garlic fries, which were bland. We learned our lesson: check Yelp reviews first.Needless to say, we won't be coming back here.
1	Rude owner.  Bad food and expensive.  I would not waste another penny at this so called Italian Bistro.  I would give them zero stars but apparently you can't do that.
2	2:30 am in the morning on sunday. My wife and I got hungry but didn't want to drive anywhere. So we looked online and found very few places that were open and delivered. So we stumbled upon this restaurant and ordered chicken wings and garlic fries. They delivered 30 early of the time they gave me, their website  technically speaking is pretty good and help show everything on their extensive menu however has no pictures. Medium spicy bbq Chicken wings I give a 2 of 5 stars the bbq sauce was a bit bland and was there wasn't anything about it that was spicy. The garlic parmesan wings were also 2 of 5 stars as well. Hardly any parmesan and garlic seasoning. Garlic fries was the same it seems all the seasoned fries were the only ones in the middle. As if they prepared the seasoning separately and just dumped it in the middle of their fries. Pretty much the only things I appreciate about this place was their website which was built well, their quick delivery service and that they are available late. So if you just want something to just fill you up they got some plain fries and wings that can do it. Unfortunately it's everything but their food that holds the weight of the stars. I believe your only as strong as your weakest link and think they need to asses all they weak links before I'll order anything from there
1	In my opinion the only thing worse than having bad food is being inconsistent. We went there the first time and despite the place stinking of acetone from the nail shop next door the food was phenomenal. I had a calzone that was fantastic. I am telling my wife one night to order in from there and she is hesitant due to the 2 stars the place has on yelp. So the food comes and it is absolutely horrible. Pizza was not cooked properly. Dominos is way better. Se we try one more time and it is horrible once again. The chicken wings were disgusting. My calzone was over cooked and was a completely different shape from the first time. So my advice is to gamble in one of the casinos, not on their food.
1	.
4	Been there twice in the last few weeks.  Got the veggie pizza and plain chicken wings.  Service was fast and polite.  Pizza is not out of this world or anything, but pretty tasty (clearly all fresh ingredients) .  Wings, good.  It is close to my house and they make everything easy.  I plan on returning.
3	Ok...Ok for those of you that have eaten here you must be wondering how in the hell I could give this place 3 stars?It's because I rate places on what I expect them to be not what I wish they where.So I find their cheesy menu flyer sitting on my door step. Hmmm so much for secured entry.So I sit back and peruse the menu. First thought. Oh god, this place is a mess. They have over 100 menu items (no S#$T). You should get your food permit revoked for having a menu like that. These guys obviously skipped restaurant 101.So I sit back and try to envision what this joint looks like. I'm thinking 2 triple door freezers, 2 deep fryers, Sysco orders coming in on pallets blah, blah, blah.So being new to town and not knowing my way around yet and feeling lazy, I decide to order some wings (boneless & real).What I expected to get was something reminiscent of those wings you see sitting in the hot case at the grocery store deli right before close. You know the ones that have been there for hours right next to the crusty mac n cheese. Well guess what...They nailed it! That's exactly what I got. So I give them the A-OK, three stars.Yeah, this food is crap. I have no idea (yet) where this place is but, I can tell you this...I would have never made the effort to go into this place to eat and expected something good to come from it. Because I would have been in my car which would have afforded me other options (I'm assuming). Look at the menu for christ's sake. Use your head. You can't expect a (so called) restaurant to offer 100 things and expect them to do any of them well.So I give my fellow yelpers that ate there and where disappointed 2 stars for using poor judgement. Come on...YOUR better than that!Suckers ;)
5	Try the breakfast pizza, omg so delicious me an some awesome cowokers( 6 of them to be exact) got this 24' pizza and boy was I in for a surpise. This pie is loaded with cheese,egg, sausage, bacon, and ham. It fed all 6 of us,(there are still left overs)the quality and quantity is tremendous.I love itI would definitely recommend this place to my friends.
1	Work locally so I stopped in for lunch one day.  There were 2 guys sitting behind the counter who watched me walk in and go set my stuff on a table.  Neither one said a word to me.  I walked up to the counter waiting for one of them to greet me - my mistake - they just stared at me as if I was a stranger who had just walked into their living room.So I finally said "Lunch menu?" and one of them pointed at the paper menu on the counter.  The rest of my experience pretty much echos this.  Not impressed, not returning.
1	If I could give negative stars I would.  Their pizza is not that great, go get yourself a five dollar pizza for better taste.  They mess up your order, and when you go to call to get it fixed they tell you, "I really don't care sweetheart."  Don't waste your time unless you like shitty food and liked being insulted with it at the same time.
1	Went in for a slice of pizza.   Stood at the counter for 5 minutes. No one ever came out.  So I left,  this wasn't at a weird hour either.  It was noon.  Not impressed
5	I am not sure about the dining in experience at Brothers. We have always had their pizza delivered to our office. Roughly ten people and everyone always loves their pizza. Caveman, Super Mario etc all have been great.
1	We just ordered from here for the second time and not only was the order incorrect but there was hair in our gyro. When I called to inform the lady about the mistake and disgusting hair she said I ordered incorrectly and that was it. She had absolutely no concern about the hair in the food. I can't believe that as a small business you wouldn't try and correct a problem from someone who is willing to be a return customer. We will never order from here again.
3	My wife and I LOVE their food, great pizza, awesome Canolli's and the really good ranch dressing.  Cons are very expensive for what you get, and the staff has zero personality, like they couldn't care if you were there or not.
4	Sauce on the pizza was great, not too sweet like some can be. Great crust too, slightly crispy on the outside soft in the middle. Got wings and fingers too which were tasty accompanied by a great ranch dressing. (Medium on the wings was just enough spice. ) MUCH better than the major chains we normally get delivery from. The online ordering system was great and our order arrived in the time allotted and was correct. We will definitely get delivery from there again.
1	I hate to write such a negative review, but this might be the worst pizza I've ever had delivered. Womp womp. Even the  antipasto salad was disappointing (black olives, tomatoes, and bell peppers on a bed of lettuce) :T
5	I have been a customer for the last 6 months and will say they have the BEST PIZZA AND BREAD STICKS IN TOWN!!! I cannot attest for the rest of their menu but their pepperoni and cheese pizza is the best!!!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I love to support mom 'n' pop places, and they're one of my favorites! They always say delivery will take over a hour, buy its never been over 30 mins. The older man who delivers is always sweet too! They have so many options on their menu and I've never been disappointed.
1	I ordered for delivery: eggplant parmesan & tiramisu. It was awful! My entree was clearly a frozen meal they probably bought from Walmart and heated up. Then my tiramisu was still a little frozen in the middle. Over priced microwave food!!!
3	I have been going by this place for awhile now.  I work in the area and finally decided to stop in. I went in for lunch and had the eggplant Parmesan sub with fries. Everything was delicious. I'm very pleased. The woman behind the counter was pleasant and helpful. To all of you people complaining about fliers at your apartment, if you don't want fliers for food left at your residence, move out of the city. Don't try to kill someone's business just because you don't want a menu. Complaining about that is the equivalent of being mad about the billboards by the freeway. *end rant*Food is good though. Check this place out.
1	So frustrated! I've asked them 5 different times for extra sauce on my pizza and they blatantly ignore me. In fact, it's like they purposely put less sauce than normal because I asked for extra. If I wanted cheese bread, I would order cheese bread. I have given them one too many chances to get my order right. Never going back.
1	If melted cheese on cardboard is your idea of a good pizza then this is the place for you. Seriously, I am a huge pizza fan and this place is right around the corner from me so I thought it could not be worst than Pizza Hut. Well it is, 100 times worse!I was so appalled, I returned the next day because to speak to the owner and give him some feedback. Nice young guy from Russia or something but he had the arrogance to tell me his pizzas are the best, was expanding to LA and that if I did not like them I could take my business elsewhere. And that is exactly what I will do!Save your money and go get yourself a decent pizza. Frozen from Smiths is better than this place.
2	I was excited when I got the flyer, but I should have read the reviews...I had the chicken fingers they had a lemon taste to it and the fries don't get me started They tasted kinda old I was not happy with my experience I gave it 2 stars cause the people where at least kinda nice
4	We came here after getting a flyer on our front door. I was pleasantly surprised to see the wide assortment of their menu. It is incredible! The prices are competitive, the selection is impeccable. Service is great. I am impressed!As I walked into the parlor I was impressed, the smell of the location eased my mind, I knew right then that I was going to have a great dinner. The first bite into a cheese pizza made my day. The cheese was great, sauce yummy and the crust was perfect, although it could have been a little crispier. I am so happy I was able to introduce my family to Brothers. It really reminds me of the pizza pies I would get in New Jersey. This will be a location that we frequent as we love pizza a ton! Thanks for placing a menu on our front door! Your marketing brought is there.
5	I've been ordering pizza and other foods from brothers for a while now. No, you're not going to get authentic Italian food from New York when you order here, but damn, it's good! We don't have local farms in the area where you can get your fresh buffalo mozzarella pizza for $10.Anyways, I just ordered  the stinkiest pizza. Anchovies, green olives. Pepperoni, and feta cheese. Delicious. The crust is nice and crispy, the sauce is great.5 stars all day
1	Tried their food once.  Not good.The real reason I'm giving them one star is that they continue to break the law by having folks trespass onto gated communities that are clearly marked private property and post their fliers.  When confronted they blame the people they hire.  Get a clue Brothers.  You hire them.  They work for you and you do have control as to what they do.  Avoid them like the plague until they obey the law.
1	We were ordering from them all of the time as we just moved on this side of town and received one of their fliers. I didn't understand the bad reviews as we had never had an issue, so I recommended friends. Big mistake there! My friend took my advice and ordered from them and got delivered an extremely burnt pizza. When they called to tell them about the issue and asked if they could receive another one the lady on the phone was extremely rude and unapologetic! She basically made it seem like he was lying to her. I work in the restaurant business and if the customer calls back with a take out order issue we accommodate them and give them a new order or a free one their next time in, that is why we have so many returning guests and great reviews... Just a little advice to the owners of this place! It is safe to say, we will never order from here again. There are much better pizza places in the area with much better service!
1	The worst delivery experiences ever!  Don't waste your time with this place there is much better and that does not routinely screw up orders.
1	And they got THIS because there was no way to give them anything less.Was in town for New Year's Eve and thought that we'd grab a bite to eat before heading out to the strip for the celebrations.  Didn't know the area so we called down to the front desk of our resort to get a recommendation, the girl at the front desk recommended this place.  Ordered wings, cheese steak sub and an appetizer which came to a total of $46.  The food was delivered barely warm after one hour and 30 minutes.  Chicken wings and cheese steak sub were beyond dry.  I called that evening and several times since trying to reach anyone in management and all I get is 'Don't know where the Manager is, but we'll forward your message'.  Still haven't heard back from Management, but not bothering to hold my breath.  With customer service (should of listened to Nat's review 12-17-2013) like this, it's a wonder they're still in business.
1	Worst pizza always soggy and cold and the always forget ranch. Save you're time and money and skip this place.
1	Ordered here once and I never will again. I ordered chicken Marsala, it was horribly bland. Had absolutely no taste to it and I think they use frozen chicken strips... Also they gave me a rock hard, cold brownie.....
4	Brother's pizza is one of the best pizzas I've ever had! Definitely doesn't taste the same in every bite as Pizza Hut/Dominos. So if that's what you're looking for, don't go here! But every bite into their pizza is different and keeps me wanting more. Sure the service isn't amazing, but they weren't rude either. That's all I ask for.
5	This place is great! We have ordered from them several times and have had their food delivered for our kids birthday parties. They are always on time and make everything very easy! Good food for a reasonable price! Try the 30 inch pizza for catering parties! Great deal!
5	So I've ordered pick up from here several times and just happened to look on yelp to see this place isn't rated very well. :-( So I decided to help out because I love this place!  My boyfriend and I work swing shift so we get off work around 2am and we're always hungry, but usually we always have to resort to bar food. We discovered Brothers Italian because of a flyer we had received on our doorstep and saw it was 24/7!! Score!! Italian food whatever time of the day?!? Yes please! So I always get the garlic balls which are simple but so delish! They compliment any dish you get. The smoked Gouda Mac n cheese bites are to die for and don't forget their homemade ranch! Yum! For the main dishes, I've ordered their pizza, calzone, baked shells, linguine pesto, and the whole lotta pasta. All dishes have just been so delicious and I'm always satisfied. My boyfriend always gets the Stromboli and he loves it! It's always more than enough food too and we  always have leftovers for the next day. I really don't understand why this place has bad ratings. Maybe because they go during the day and its busy or something? I don't know, but every time I've gone in the middle of the night it's been perfect and I will keep coming back!
1	Do not order from here. I called for delivery to my hotel room. Simply 1 pizza. "It will be delivered in 45 minutes" he said.....1 hour and 45 minutes later we get a phone call and were told that our pizza was waiting in the front desk???!!So now it's 10pm, in pajamas, picking up our "delivery" at the front desk. In Las Vegas it is not that simple to walk to the front desk!Don't waste your time. Service was horrible.I ate a slice, not impressed. And pizza was not warm by the way... Good night
4	Let me just put it this way.... these people do make some really good food. So in turn, they gonna get really busy. [i cannot say all, but] some of the staff could really use a customer service class! A couple staff members can be pretty rude. But like i said. They make really good food to the point that i put up with this girl's shitty attitude just to get my pizza/wings. Its that good. But thats just my opinion.... they the ones working in that kitchen all day, im coming in and ordering [maybe] once a week, every other week..... So to the Yelp reviewers that give them one star all becaus of shitty customer service, understand that these ppl stand in there takin orders from ppl [all day] and alot of ppl calling in probably arent very pleasant esp dealing with drunk douchebags late at night. Im not sitting down nd eating my dinner with these people, just orderig from them so in my opinion, the food DEFINITELY outweighs a couple staff members bad attitudes. There was only one time i can think of that they messed up my order but immediately offered me free soda/dessert to makeup for it [even tho i said no to the offer, cant drink soda and no sweets, darn] 4 stars!
1	Do not order from here.Over priced food and not even decent food.After waiting an hour for food (this is a normal thing), the driver at the door stares you down and comments on how much of a tip you should give him when you're trying to do the math. Once we brought it in, the whole bottom of the pizza was burnt AND our other food was soggy. Don't bother.
3	I struggled thinking about how to review Brother's Italian Bistro. The food is delicious, full of flavor and garlic knots are amazing. I order take out and delivery when I'm in the mood for amazing Italian food. I do, however, have an issue with some staff and management. They have a scrappy attitude, sometimes unhelpful on the phone with food questions, which makes online ordering praise worthy..and limits contact with the staff. It's very sad because customers make and support the business. 5 stars for food, 2 stars for attitude. Fix your customer service.....
3	My parents ordered from here. Pizza wings 2 liter coupon, and a steak sub. Delivery time wasn't too long. Pizza was thin. Little sauce and was cooked lite. Not to bad. Wasn't great but I had worse before. Wings were kinda small but tasted ok. Ranch was good. Steak was ok too. Fries were ok but fries on delivery don't stay fresh. Can't help that. They use some kind of cheap ketchup. In my family anything but Heinz just isn't ketchup. Overall not too bad but not great either.
1	Called to order a pizza and young girl wasn't helpful, she also got a bit annoyed when I told her my apt building doesn't have a number, and to just look for apt#.Bottom line , if people aren't helpful then that means poor food too, I also read about taking 45 mins for food,Forget bout it
4	We were pleasantly surprised with the pizza. I ordered the extra large and it was comically large I laughed when I opened the door and saw the size of the box. The pizza was baked evenly, toppings and sauce was good. Delivery took about an hour which is the same as most pizza places. We also ordered the chicken fingers and fries. They were really good. The ranch was very good and not store bought packaged stuff. I will order from them again and encourage you to give them a try.
3	Confusion in flavors I think for this place. I ordered meatball jalapeno pizza chicken wings italian soda and 2 desserts ( 1 apple and one brownie. ) The Pizza was done perfectly to my taste, you can tell the dough is home made or house made. The tear or texture in the crust you can just tell.I liked the sauce and everything maybe could use a dash of salt and pepper somewhere, just lacking a little of it. The chicken wings -- good cooked threw good taste. Know this is where the confusion sets in .. I think the dessert's might be store bought ? or partly store bought. The apple pie was frozen - leads me to think it was in a box. The brownie was hard to eat or not cooked at all -- the choc chips in the brownie where rock hard and or not cooked/ melted. The Italian Sodas -- either ice melted into the drink or something lacking flavor in it. Traditional Italian Sodas I have had either have sugar in it or something that has a kick to it. These where Really Really bland like when you have a 2 liter of coke cola that looses its carbonation flavor to it. I would recommend cutting your dessert menu in half and making items in house. choose 5 of your best sellers don't always over load a dessert menu. Choose taste of quanity
4	Great great pizza!!!! I keep ordering from this place, their pizza is so flavorful & not doughy at all.
4	We ordered delivery, it was excellent.  I have read reviews saying this place has bad customer service, we bypassed this by ordering online and almost didn't even gave a word with the delivery person other than a thank you.  Food was good, reminded me of an italian corner restaurant in Philly.  Well order here again.
1	I called to order and nobody answered. They advertise that they are open 24 hours but don't answer the phone. I will not call back.
4	So I'm really hungry go onto eat 24 and stumble across the lunch specials. I ordered 2 orders of hot wings with the fries my 5 year old daughter an her dad ate all of it and they both said it was good. I'll take their word since they both finished it. & I ordered the philly steak not the best you can eat but I did finish it. Satisfied my hunger now I'm about to take a nap I'm so full . I will be ordering again only thing I was supposed to get 2 dr.peppers and a sprite they forgot the sprite . Got everything within 45 minutes as well.
1	This is an update review. I ordered delivery from Brothers Italian like I've done several times with no issues. I'm not picky and I'm not one to complain about things. I ordered the seafood dish which is 17.99 (pretty steep) but seafood dishes tend to be a little more than others, so I thought "why not"? I have a cheat day once a week and for those of you who have the cheat days, we all know how magical this day is;) The menu stated linguine pasta with homemade white sauce, shrimp, clams and crab meat. When I got my food and opened it up, I was a bit shock to discover the IMITATION CRAB STICKS cut up. They couldn't cut those things up pretty enough to fool a great seafood lover. How on earth can they advertise crab meat and then turn around and throw imitation crab in the food?? The clams were not fresh and tasted like they opened up a can drained the juice and threw it in there. Seafood pasta?? Lets call it shrimp and Can Clam linguine...and call it a day. Sadly this time is the last for me. Thank you for spoiling my cheat day and making me eat a salad.
1	I will not be ordering from here again. The pizza was average at best. The toppings were bland and flavorless, the sampler plate was watery and tasteless and everything was overpriced. The driver also apparently doesn't read the notes either, since I requested that they not ring the doorbell because my friends baby was sleeping. They rang it twice and woke her up.The only thing worth noting were the garlic bites which were really great, but not enough to make up for the bad price and the fact that the medium pizza was the size of an extra large at most other places. Otherwise, bad food and bad service. Keep away.
3	I don't really like being pushed into something that I didn't like. I've been pushed by my friends to come here, so I just let them want what they want.We ordered Chicken Wings with fries. It was very affordable. The juicy meat of chicken was very likable, would really love it eat all of it. I love it, I'm glad that I came here with my friends. The staff was also okay, they cleaned the place thoroughly.
4	I'll continue to order this place over and over for the garlic knots, they are incredible and the ranch is amazing! Portion sizes are large and delivery is fairly quick. Ive had the Philly Cheesesteak and the Chicken Fingers, both of which were great as well as the Frys with both.
1	Not only was the food horrid the manager was disgusting and rude. They banged on my door when asked to wait a moment so I could grab an additional dollar. After presenting delivery driver with money he stormed off. They delivered us chicken wings 10 less than what we paid for. I immediately called to report and the receptionist was nasty and told me it was not possible and I can talk to manager tomorrow. I called several times the next day. Finally got to manager. After calling me a liar and stating there is NO WAY possible in the universe they could have made a mistake... he rudely told me he knew how we could fix this problem.. I asked what do you suggest? He sarcastically responded never order from us again. He has that right... I NEVER WILL. I bought a small pizza and wings for $30 why would I lie about ten wing dings.
1	Teach your drivers how to Drive !!!  Is he/she drunk ???  Terrible driver........................................................................
1	This is not my first time ordering from brothers but this is my first experience where I had to wait over 2 hours for my order to show up. We placed our order at 6:58pm, the receipt from the pizza actually shows it was entered at 7:45!! So for that whole period of time while we thought our order was in it was not. After an hour of waiting we called to be told our food was done he was waiting for the driver to return.. So our hot ready for however long pizza was basking in the air to end up cold. 30 mins later still no pizza we call again, same answer. Finally 9:10 he shows up, food is mildly warm and of course he forgot our 2 liter and the spicy bbq wings we order ended up being plain wings with no sauce. Every time we've called tonight to speak to a manager either someone did not know who was in charge or the name of a manager or that the owner does not speak English. I find all this off and more importantly absurd. This will be my last order from Brothers Pizza. There is nothing original or Italian from this bogus place. Truly disappointed.
1	Just ordered lasagna and came home only to find literally one piece of lasagna ...never returning
1	After having multiple menus sent to our home, my wife and I thought we would give this place a shot.  It was the WORST choice we could've made!! The food was absolutely dreadful!!My wife was craving a pastrami sandwich so I went to the restaurant and proceeded to order the pastrami with cheese, along with their Brother's sub and an order of garlic mozzarella bread.  We first tried the garlic bread and it was so bad that we ended up throwing most of it away....the cheese was cold and barely melted, and it was of poor quality and very cheap tasting.  The marinara sauce that accompanied the bread was flavorless.   The pastrami sandwich came with some fries but was bone dry and they did not give us any condiments like mustard or ketchup.  Honestly speaking, the footlong pastrami at Subway blows this sandwich away by a mile AND it's cheaper!!! I had the Brother's sub, which supposedly had chicken fingers, bacon, ranch, and something else.....but like the pastrami, it was dry as dry can be and very bland!! It was pretty skimpy for a sub and it was also overdone because parts of the sub roll were badly burnt!  The box that it came in was overfilled with fries as to give the impression that the sandwich had more weight to it....a trick easily spotted by savvy foodies!!! Overall, I would not recommend this place to anyone!!!! If I could give it negative stars, I would do so!  This place was much better when it was Bella Lynda because the younger guy who made the pizzas back then was awesome, but I'll never go back to this place!!!
1	Not even worth the one star. Ordered eggplant parm.  Got spaghetti with some eggplant on top.  Terrible and will not go back.  This cost 16 dollars.  Salad was also bad.  Get a real business.
1	Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else please. Waited an hour and a half for 1 pizza. Which I wouldn't mind for some mind blowing pizza but this was far from that. Super cold, driver didn't have change, and a sad excuse for a white pizza. I wish I took a picture cause it was just like wow, but I was hungover and ate it anyway lol. Seriously. Just so bad.
4	I'm from Upstate NY, and I have to say, I like their pizza. It's good. The wings are great, unless that one time you get the really small ones. The boneless wings are top notch, and the subs/sandwhiches are fantastic. Do yourself favor and go here when they have the $6.99 lunch specials. You get quite a bit of food for a great price. I'm a fan of this place, definitely my go too pizza place. I didn't give them 5 stars because they're slow as molasses when it comes to delivery.
4	Fantastic quick late night pizza place. They're open 24 hours and they have one of the biggest pizzas I've ever seen.
1	I wish I would have been able to try this place out....but the Christmas dinner that we had planned with them never happened. Our family had set up dinner at 4pm on Christmas day for 25 people and the owners never showed up. A few family members had even gone a few days before and planned the menu and tested out the food with the owners, but they didn't even have the decency of giving us a phone call to cancel.  What a joke of a business!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would. Years ago, there was an incident where they messed up our order, and instead of fixing the issue and having the driver come back with the right order I was told by the owner, "We are too busy tough luck." I can not make this up. He then called me sweat heart which I felt was very demeaning and sexist, so I called him an ass. Years later....years later, my boyfriend places an order and is told that we can not place one over the phone. He was told the only way they would take the order is if he placed it in the restaurant, according to the woman on the phone she said that is what the "note" on the account said. I find that to be disturbing, why the hell does he need to go there, did they want to confront him? Also? They litter, horribly. I see their pieces of wasted paper all over where I work and live.  Obviously, they don't care about their reviews either. This place needs to be shut down, anyone reading this...please don't give them your business and hopefully they have to close shop.
1	The food quality is average at best.  The delivery service is horrible.  I have ordered two times previously and it took 1-2 hours for the food to arrive.  Last time I placed an order two hours after a confirmation email they say they received it and forgot to make the order.  Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else, you will be thankful you did.  They will probably be out of business soon.
