5	Mia is amazing at lashes and waxing. People are constantly commenting on how great my lashes look even after weeks of not having them filled (that's because her lashes last a long time). I decided about a year ago to take off my lashes just to give my real ones a breather and expected them to be damaged... but they weren't!  I would highly recommend her lashes, I'm honestly addicted to mine and would never consider going to another person! I have gone to her many times for Brazilians and brow waxing and she did the best job. She listened to exactly what I wanted and was very professional while giving me a Brazilian, she didn't make me feel uncomfortable at all. Her brows are amazing too!!
5	I decided to try eyelash extensions after realizing how much time I have been wasting in the morning gluing false lashes on everyday for the past couple years. I found this place through a friend who swears by Mia's work. Scheduling an appointment was so simple, she was able to work around my hectic schedule. I was cursed with the absolute shortest lashes ever- but Mia is seriously a miracle worker, my lashes look so full and long! She wanted me to take before and after pictures so I could see the difference. HUGE difference. I am now saving so much time in the morning. I dont need to worry about curling my lashes, gluing lashes or putting on mascara. Definitely making this my new routine! I love how they came out!
5	I first started going to Mia for eyebrow waxing and loved the job she did and have continued to go back ever since for the last year. Then I decided to give lashes a try and all I have to say is I will never go back to false lashes or mascara. She does such an amazing job. I'm constantly getting compliments on how great they look and how real they look. She is super professional and does great work! My boyfriend even gets waxed by her! I highly recommend her to anyone looking for a great esthetician !!
5	Mia is nothing short of fabulous. She is efficient, on time, thorough, and makes the waxing experience  comfortable. Mia has done my waxing for years and even tints my non existent eyebrows to make them stand out and frame my face. She is also a perfectionist and very clean. I highly recommend Mia to all my friends and family.
5	If you are looking for a great set of eyelash extensions or someone who is good at waxing Mia is the best! She is always on time and has awesome prices! She is very talented at what she does!! I wanted eyelash extensions but wanted to make sure they weren't too long and still looked natural looking, she did exactly what I wanted! I also go to her for waxing and highly recommend her!
5	Best eyelash extensions I have ever had. I have had them now for 6 months and they look amazing. I can't live without them. Give Mia a call for your lashes, she is the best in town.
5	Mia is absolutely AMAZING at what she does! I get compliments almost daily on how good my lashes look - even weeks after not having them filled! She is thorough, fast, clean, and a perfectionist! Getting lashes was one of the best decisions I ever made. I no longer have to waste any time on curling or mascara because mine always look fabulous! If you're looking for flawless lashes Mia is the best one out there! I recommend her to everyone possible!
5	Mia is fantastic!I had always wanted to try eye lash extensions but had heard they were very expensive and required constant upkeep.I was introduced to Mia by my hairdresser and it has been nothing but a spectacular experience! Mia is a total professional! The lashes are beautiful and last between 3-4 weeks for me and her pricing is great! I have been wearing them since February and I absolutely love the care free glamorous look! Very va va voom!I have also started having her do some waxing for me. She uses a second 'hard wax' that gets those pesky fine face hairs! Next visit ... Bikini Wax! If you need these services I would highly recommend Mia! She is the bomb!
5	I found Mia through 2 referrals from friends. She is a perfectionist on my eyebrows and makes me look great. I referred her my husband, mom, friend, and grandma. She is always on time also! She is great!
5	I love love love my lashes.  I have been to almost every lash longe in vegas and Mia is the absolute best!!!!
5	Mia is the best! She is so thorough and does an incredible job. I was really nervous about getting a brazillian wax. I thought it would be an awful experience but Mia did a great job at helping me relax and talked me through the whole process. She uses only quality wax for her clients. I now regularly get brazillian waxes because of Mia. She also specializes in eye lash extensions - which look fabulous. I would definitely recommend Mia to anyone thinking about getting any type of waxing service or eye lash extensions. Her pricing and location is amazing and she will work with you on your schedule to fit you in. I would never use any other esthetician.
