1	The greeter at the Mirage flagged down a cab for me, I was on my way to the airport to catch a returning flight.  Car # 2015 from Star Cabs pulls up and I jump in, my driver is Ruperto R. Jr. and his licences indicated YCS transportation.  So far so good.  I'm in a hurry, the flight leaves in 90 minutes, as he pulls out I see a handmade sign taped to the ceiling that says "no credit or debit, cash only".  Damn, I have no cash.  "Are all cabs cash only?" - I ask.  Ruperto says "no", he doesn't have the credit card machine installed.  I guess I can't count that against him, I made an assumption since it's 2012 and didn't read the sign before jumping in.  Lesson's learned:  ask before you jump in.  He says he'll take me to US Bank, so he takes a left and soon pull into the bank.  There's an ATM at the door and an ATM in the parking lot for cars to drive up to.  I tell him to just pull in the exit since I am sitting in the back adjacent to him (and no one is there), he opts to pull all the way around instead.  I think there's a language barrier here, but while I'm quite rushed and looking to minimize time he's a bit more laid back.  He pulls up and I can't reach the ATM, and the sun is shining on the screen so I cannot read it, so I squeak out of the door and block the sun and eventually get my cash.  Yay.  Ruperto drives me to the airport, when we arrive he pops the trunk and doesn't get out or offer to help.  The bill:   $17.50.  He didn't want to give me change back, when I placed it on the arm rest he just said "thank you", expecting the rest.  I should have asked for $1.50 back, but I was more concerned about making the flight so I just left it. There seems to be a grave lack of customer service and due diligence here, I have yet have an exceptional experience with any of the transportation services offered in LV.  Ruperto doesn't mind taking the extra time and drive (I felt) to run up the meter, while I could have just jumped out of the car and got cash at the entrance.  If I ever see Star Cab again I'll remember to just avoid them, especially car #2015.  I'll remember to ask about credit first before stepping into the cab.
1	I was kinda shocked when cab drivers looked at me and scooted away.  I was trying to get to Summerlin from Fremont around 11pm. Do these people not want to make money? One cab driver outright told me no, he wasn't taking me there.  I was starting to get scared that I wouldn't get home, when finally I caught one guy who dilly dallied around before saying yes.  He explained that drivers would rather go from Fremont to the Strip because they can make money in both directions. However, Fremont to Summerlin gets you over $30 base rate, so he was fine taking  me, and I was fine giving him a bigger tip because of it.  But I still have a bad taste in my mouth for a cab company that, by policy, would willingly leave people stranded.
1	Beware of the long haul from the airport!  The driver immediately hit the far right lane coming out of MCcarren and hopped on the 215 heading South. By the time we realized what he was doing we were already on the connector road to the freeway. Listen. I'm a local. I know how much it costs to get to my house, near downtown, which is North, by the way. This guys takes me WAY south, then loops around on the 15 to eventually head north. It costs about $10 more. He was defiant and refused to adjust his rate. Check the logo when you grab a cab at McCarren and avoid Star!
1	Worst can ride ever! The driver drives like a maniac! No meter, ghetto, and makes everyone car sick. Won't be taking any more cab rides from star cab.
1	Now I know why people are using Uber instead of taxis. This and I'm sure other cab companies don't care about how their vehicles and drivers are maintained. Took several taxis these last couple of days, including two times with this company, and they all have the same things in common. Dirty, old, barely operational cars that stink beyond help!! And the drivers...some pretty rude and inconsiderate. And many have hygiene issues. This one today took me to the airport and dropped me off in the middle of the road nowhere near the curb. I nearly got ran over by passing cars! He dropped me off so he could have an easy exit and not deal with passenger drop off. These guys are lucky in Vegas that Uber can't operate here yet but in other cities all the drivers are complaining about Uber taking over and killing their business but many won't change the way they operate. Like having clean, newer cars and somewhat clean drivers?? All I have to say is that these guys need to get it together or someone else will figure out a way to take their business.
1	This company's name is Yellow Checker Star Transportation. On the cabs they have Star Cab. This review is about a specific driver. I don't know his name. He is a black guy with a heavy accent, either African or Haitian.  My buddy and I got into the cab at the MGM told him we are going to Harrahs with a H. (Another cab driver told us this because sometime they confuse Harrahs and Paris hotel. So you say Harrahs with a H and Paris with a P)We start driving (speeding) and we take out of the way route to the main strip. Almost rear end 3 cars. (The cabs are fitted with a system that if you get too close to a car it starts making all these beeps noises). I'm alert now and feel something is up. He asked us again where are we going told him loud and clear. Harrahs with a H. He makes a turn before Harrahs goes around a building down into a parking lot. Drives to the corner of parking lot, to a dead end and he says oh shoot. Turns around, exits this large parking lot onto the wrong side of the road. We tell him he is on the wrong side. A car turns on to the road and almost hits us because we were on the wrong. We told him what he was doing was unsafe and to please drive normal. All he would say is, my friend my friendMeter is running the whole time. It's usually between $6.90 and $10 dollars. We had no traffic and it was over $15.00. Called the company and spoke to a women to "report" him to the company. She said she will tell a supervisor, but I doubt it. They should take him off the road. He is going to end up killing a innocent person. I will not get into a "Star Cab" from Yellow Checker Star Transportation ever!
