4	The Huntington Press is known for publishing books about Las Vegas.  They have a very large number of books about gambling, but they also publish books by local authors about Las Vegas, its history, and its quirks.  The company is probably best known for it publication of the Las Vegas Advisor, a monthly publication--available in paper form or online version.  A companion book that comes with the subscription is called the Pocket Book of Values, a book filled with coupons for deals in Las Vegas.I get the POV each year, and while I don't use even 1/2 of the coupons, using only a couple more than pays for the book and gets you access to their online site.  It's a good value.
4	Like Norm, I too went here to get my Las Vegas Advisor POV. It includes 129 coupons and offers for places in and around Vegas. I stop in here 2 or 3 times a year for other various gaming books that are value priced from time to time. The selection of books and their price tag varies throughout the year. I snagged a great poker book for a few bucks on clearance that normally retails for around $25.In my experience, the staff is aways friendly and helpful. There is never a wait and they get you in and out quickly.
5	For those of you Las Vegans who haven't heard of Anthony Curtis, where the heck have you been? He's one of the world's foremost gambling experts and he's appeared numerous times on travel programs! As far as I'm concerned, his monthly newsletter, The Las Vegas Advisor, is indispensable to anyone living in this town! The subscription costs $50 or $37 yearly for print or online only respectively. But here's the real bonus. This the main reason why I'm a subscriber: the coupon book! Not just any coupon book, but the holy grail or all coupon books! It's filled with 2 for 1 buffets, match plays, dining discounts, lodging, etc!!! If you only use about 5 of the coupons, you've already paid for the subscription. Be aware though that the coupons all expire at the end of the calendar year so it's best to subscribe right away in January! I'm only on my first year and I can say with certainty that as long as I live here, I'm going to be a loyal subscriber! Also, it's fun to visit the front desk from time to time because there are usually some good discount books available for purchase.
