4	A great place for a salad, an ice tea, and a 7 layer bar. Another AZ favorite for many years. Aside from the delightful food, the selection of pastries is great. I love sitting outside and enjoying the sun at one of the tables scattered throughout El Pedregal. It's so peaceful, you really can't beat it.A definite lunch time stop of you are in the area.
4	Bomb ass lemon danish. What makes something so ordinary sounding SOOO good you ask?? The strong flavor of lemon, the fresh bursting blueberries, the flaketastic crispy buttery danish pastry. Having made puff pastry croissants a week ago, I know how hard it is to get just the right consistency on your pastry. I took one bite of this thing on a hot afternoon, intending to split it with my better half. NO SUCH LUCK for him. It was gone in 60 seconds, down the hatch...as I wore a finger lickin' good smile.My mission is now clear. Perfect that puff pastry dough and make a little army of these fruity lovelies to pepper all over my belly and thighs. Heaven.Oh yeah, they serve breakfast here too, as in egg and cheese croissants, and you can charge it to your room since the hotel owns this cute little shop. Bonus.
2	Fancy El Pedgregal location, yet the food was mediocre at best.  Portions were a bit small.  French toast came out at almost room temperature.  Prices were high, as if this was a full service place but it isn't.  Nearly all typical breakfast items on the menu except for pancakes, which seemed a bit odd.  Everything but pancakes.
1	I love El Pedregal, and it pains me to see how few stores there survive. The Bakery Cafe is a place I've been to a few times and had reasonable success with, though I tend to prefer Spotted Donkey upstairs. On my last visit, however, I walked out in disgust.  After looking over their elaborate-sounding Sandwich menu, I had a sudden desire for a specific, basic sandwich, and asked for it. I was told I had to order from the menu. Why? the restaurant was almost empty, and my sandwich request was as simple as it comes (BLT) in terms of ingredients (I saw they had bacon in their sandwiches). I didn't care how much they charged me for it - they could have said $10 and I would have been fine with that.  We ended up going upstairs to Spotted Donkey and dropping $50 for a lunch instead - business they could have had. The sandwich menu looked great, don't get me wrong - I just didn't fancy anything on it that day and had a desire for something simple. The server was sour-faced and unhelpful.  I just don't get it, especially in a place struggling to survive.
2	The breakfast pastries are purchased elsewhere and reheated (in a microwave right in front of you) or toasted in a small toaster. $6.50 for a dry old cinnamon roll and a bagel that was only toasted on the half that fit in the tiny toaster (it took 8 min to get it). This place is only in business because of the resort. If it had to stand on its own it would have been gone years ago.
