5	This is a gem of a find and I didn't even find it on yelp!  I was with my daughter picking up my grandson from his new Children's Center so I could see it, with a quick stop at the GoodWill next door in the same strip mall and we were leaving the parking lot to go to the Teriyaki Kitchen across the street when I saw this little place occupying the corner location as we were driving by,  I exclaimed "There's another Filipino place!". I had recently discovered Heavenly Bakery in Chandler on Yelp.Over the next few days I tried researching it online for their hours of operation and info on what they carry and found the name "Why Cook?" associated with this address.  I tried calling the number three different times but got no answer the first time and fax screeching the next two.  Finally I asked my daughter yesterday if she would drive past it and call me with any info in their window.  She did and said they were open and read the phone number on the door which was different than the one I'd found online.  I called and was told they would be open till 7:30 or 8. I headed over as soon as I got ready.The owners couldn't have been nicer, the aromas were delectable.  There were about six tables and the counter where you order.  There is a buffet selection with about8 items to choose from at $4.50 for one including rice and $5.50 for two.  I was huuuungry and asked how much for three.  $1 more.  I chose some fried fish, a bowl of sinigang, and a vegetable mixture. Everything was served to me right away and it was all delicious.  The sinigang, one of my favorites since I first tasted it from the Lumpia House in Chandler back in 2007, was some of the best I'd ever had.  The fish was very crunchy and good.  I just picked it up with my fingers and chewed it off the bones.  There was about every kind of vegetable known to man in the veggie dish, green beans, okra, squash, carrots,  and several I couldn't identify.  When I went to pay I decided to splurge and get an order of Pancit, another favorite, to go for later or the next day. It was closing time but the food was still coming out of the kitchen for late customers and it, too, smelled good.  Must. Come. Back.Parking is no problem.  There is a huge lot.  And as of this writing, 11/16/12, their hours are 8am to 8pm seven days a week.  I asked and was told they had just opened up about a month ago.  They offer many more items besides the buffet choices including Lumpia, Pancit, and silog, which I understand is a breakfast type plate including fried rice with your choice of meat (beef, pork, chicken, fish) and a couple of sunny side up eggs, available all day.  Sounds good!
5	Manila Sunrise Gourmet serves up unpretentious dishes, filled with rich and hearty flavors.  We ventured in here eager to try out this restaurant for lunch, and left full and satisfied.  The owners here were warm and friendly, and at the "buffet" area there were about 8 items for people to choose from.  In addition to single dishes, they offer combo meals (2 items for 5.99, $1.50 for each extra item), and if there's something on the menu like lechon kawali (Deep fried pork belly) that you don't see in the buffet, chances are they'll be able to make some for you on the spot.  My friend and I shared a 3 item and 2 item combo. We got a good mix of dishes, such as fried fish, dinuguan (stewed pork), lechon kawali, chicken curry, and stewed jackfruit in coconut milk.  Each dish had very good, rich flavor, and came with a hefty side of rice.  Out of all the dishes, I was most impressed with the dinuguan.  It's basically a stewed pork dish made with pork blood and spices.  This is my first time trying this dish, and despite the sanguine origins, it was really tasty.  I couldn't taste any particular "blood" flavor per se (Due to the spices and other ingredients to enhance the sauce), and the pork in the sauce was nice and tender.  There are 2 fridges with various drinks, like bottled water, Coke products, and some more Asian drinks such as calamansi juice and coconut juice.  As for ambiance, it's basically a little hole-in-the-wall, mom-and-pop restaurant.  Due to the reasonable prices, very friendly service, and homemade dishes made with expertise and care, this is definitely a place I'd like to go to again!
5	Longanisa with vinegar dip, fried rice and egg is the bomb!
5	I love their pinakbet (veggies sauteed in garlic and salted shrimp paste) and their pork BBQ (the meat is marinated in soy and garlic, skewered, then grilled). Sinigang (meat and veggies simmered in savory sour broth) and dinuguan (a sanguine pork stew) are normally not my first choices when offered a variety of Filipino dishes, but in this restaurant their preparations of those dishes have made them among my favorites. If cholesterol is not a concern of yours and you want a dynamite taste treat, get their crispy dinuguan - it's dinuguan mixed with lechon kawali (deep fried pork belly); totally awesome! A lot of us yelpers have been wishing that we could give ratings in half-star increments; if this were the case I would have given Manila Sunrise Gourmet 4 and 1/2 stars, as the very basic no-frills setting would not normally be characteristic of a 5-star etablishment. Since full stars are our only option, I'm going to round my rating UP to 5 stars because the food is so good and the prices so easy on the wallet!
5	Authentic Filipino food!  Very flavorful and they have some of the best suman and flan I have ever had in my life!!
5	I accidentally found this little gem when I "Yelped" Filipino restaurants in the area.  I had recently visited "Hey Joe! Filipino Street Food Truck" & was craving more. To my surprise Manila Sunrise had just opened and in my area.  I went there with a Filipina friend and we both agreed the food reminded us of home! The sinigang was yummy as was the pancit palabok. On another visit, I had the diniguan which was easily 4 stars. I liked their food so much that I had them cater a New Years Day party for my American (aka- "white") in-laws....all 30+ of them! Needless to say they LOVED the food! Even the diniguan which I initially got for myself & my 2 sons...the Shanghai lumpia was crisp and not greasy as were the lumpia "prito" (veggie & meat egg rolls). I hear they have "kari kari" as a special on Saturdays....Yummm. This is now my new favorite "gotta-go-to" place.
1	I hate to give a 1 star but I had to. I'm Filipino and was really looking forward to trying this place out and was even rooting for their success but all they left me with is a bad 1st impression and an empty belly. I got there at 5:00 and they closed that day at 7:00, I tried ordering 3 different things and they were out of everything. Then the lady tried pawning off their BBQ for chicken adobo like as if I didn't know the difference. I guess they wanted me to pick from the 3 selections they had under the hot lamp that looked as if it had been there since noon. Ended up driving 30 min to Glendale and went to "halo-halo" which was pretty good! I will not be returning to manilla sunrise and will make the extra trip farther to halo halo. Consider yourself warned and you can't believe everything you read in the new times.
4	Good little place for lunch.  Went there with three friends after seeing their sign on the sidewalk.  Most of the food was excellent.  The pork belly was good - some sort of BBQ riblet thing was even better.  The heatlamp food mentioned by another reviewer though was subpar and I'd stay away from it except for the riblet deals which seem to only get tastier under there.  Topped lunch off w/some halo halo for desert that was just fantastic.  If you've never tried it - it's a sort of ice cream plus condensed milk and ice and other goodness.  Wonderful stuff, looking forward to going back....just need to translate the menu first.
2	bleh.. Ordered longanesa.. eggs.. rice. My friend got the beef.. eggs.. rice. All the food was lacking. Forgettable. Eggs were over done. Longanesa from LeeLee probably.. Beef was dry. This place was boo boo-
1	3 of us all ordered different items on the menu.  They were all terrible.  I think the only way this place is able to stay in business is that it is a front for something not quite legal in this state......
5	Had sausage and eggplant here. Amazing food and great service
5	Awesome excellent Filipino restaurant, something i've been looking for, for a long time now. Doesn't look like much, but you can get your food cooked to order, which is nice!!!
4	They have really good Filipino food.Like most Filipino restaurants, it's all about the food.  Don't expect any scenery.I come here for a desert called "halo halo".  Order one, mix it up, and enjoy it on a hot summer day.
5	First place I tried for filipino food and fell in love. This place was quaint, staff was friendly and food was good. What else could you ask for? I got the longsilog and it was AWESOME. Just like back home, made me miss my mama :( lol.You walk up to the counter tell em what you want, and there's your food. No waiting. You pay after you eat and are very satisfied. And they didn't charge me for an extra helping of rice, thank you very much. They take cash and card, tucked away though so you might miss it but totally worth it :)
5	It felt just like home. This is what Filipino tradition/culture is. Everyone treats you like you're a family. I called them Aunt (tita) or Uncle (tito) even though we're not related but as a sign of respect for the elders. Food is always great! This is my second time and my favorite is the Tapsilog, it comes with garlic fried rice, 2 sunny side up eggs, a slice of tomato and cucumber and then I dip it with spiced vinegar. Yummm!
5	Oh my gosh, best Filipino Food in Arizona I've had so far! I've tried a number of Filipino restaurants from Mesa to Glendale and Manila Sunrise was hands down THE BEST. No offense Arizona but this is the first Filipino restaurant that was as good as California. First of all the service was amazing! I felt like the staff was my Tita's (auntie) house and she was taking care of us like we were her relatives. I didn't catch her name but she was so cute in her chef's hat and she was super sassy, I love it. The food, oh my god, the food was amazing. I have been craving Filipino food for a while now, so I decided to go all out for this particular lunch. I ordered us the crispy pata, which is a traditional dish that is basically the best ever invented. If you like lechon, which is the roasted pig, this is the way to go. It was cooked to perfection with the crispiest skin and most tender meat. This was the husband first time eating crispy pata and it had him (and me) tearing it apart for every last bit of meat. Since that took about 20 minutes to cook (so worth it) we decided to share a combo plate while we waited. We got the fish sinigang and kare kare- I must say both were extremely delicious, but I'd say the kare kare stood out over the sinigang. Sinigang is a tamarind based soup, so it's sour (in the best way) and kare kare is a special stew with a peanut based sauce that is to die for with some rice and bagaon (shrimp paste). Randomly, I ran into my brother and some of his friends here, so I expect to see some familiar Filipino faces everytime I come back. I can't wait! I love Manila Sunrise! Makes me feel like I'm home.
2	It's okay but kinda pricey for a combo meal.  $30 for 4 no drinks.  Quality is mediocre and it's a Sunday lunch.
1	The place is dirty,the first thing I recognize was the flies, I order tapsilog and waited for 25-30 minutes for my food, while waiting for long I decided to order some TURON but the Turon is cold and hard and I recall about the flies it might touch my food when my food came the "tapa" meat is so tough and a lot of fats than the meat , the fried rice is oily the fried egg is slightly over cooked, I will never come back here again! Hope I didn't got sick after I eat here !
1	Depressing to only give ONE STAR, but it was terrible. I've been reading pretty good reviews about this place, so I took my parents for a quick bite to eat while running errands. Manilla Sunrise Gourmet is tucked away in a shopping plaza in West Mesa. It's a small, but cute establishment. When we walked in it was a little crowded, so we were thinking the food must be good. After reviewing the menu we noticed they didn't have to much to choose from. The food under the hot lamp looked a little "old." We ordered 4 different things; Picadillo (Giniling), BBQ Pork, Ribs and Shanghai Lumpia. All left us disappointed and still hungry!! =( The Giniling was oily and the ground beef tasted raw. As for the BBQ and Ribs, it seemed as if they just came straight from the grocery store freezer, no real flavor at all. Also the ribs seemed to have a coating of oil on them. I figured the Lumpia would be better. Who can really mess up lumpia, even if it was store bought?!! Well they managed to mess it up anyway and burned it. As for the rice, it was soggy. To top it off we happened to get some of the "morning" rice and new rice mixed together... Blahhhhh!! I heard they have great dessert, Halo Halo and Turon but after my experience with the food we decided to just skip it. It seems there are NO GOOD FILIPINO places on this side of town!! I will continue to make the long journey to the west side to eat at Halo Halo!! (35th Ave and Dunlap) They are by far the best in AZ!! As we were leaving we noticed all those people taking up the table and chairs, were either family or workers. Go figure!! LoL
1	I have eaten hear before and it was ok but I won't be coming back. Today in the paper under Restaurant Inspections they received 7 critical violations!! I wouldn't  be surprised if we end up seeing them on TV's Dirty Diner. UGH!!
2	This place is pretty hit or miss. The past couple of months they have been good.  I went on monday 05/05/2014 and sadly the guy was looking for every piece of Chicken Adobo with bones... not one piece was all meat.  I got 3 huge bones and hardly any meat. I wouldnt complain but I actually watched him touch each piece to make sure it had a bone... sadly I will have to stop coming here as a result.  The food has been better than usual but just cuz im not Pinoy doesnt mean i shouldnt get chicken instead of bones...
1	The service and people were very nice. The restaurant didn't have AC so I was sweating as I was eating but some guy came in and I'm assuming they are fixing the AC. The food, however was by far the WORST filipino food I've ever eaten. My boyfriend and I just came back from it and he (is filipino himself) said everything tasted like it was old and it didn't taste fresh whatsoever. He ordered the chicken tocino and I got the tap si log plate and in both dishes, the meats had a faint sour smell to it. Boyfriend said it could be the vinegar they put in but either way, I didn't like it. It was very unpleasant, I couldn't finish my food.The pancit was pretty good  but that's the only dish that tasted decent. I LOVE halo halo, so to wash down the terrible food, we ordered 1 halo halo. I was hoping the halo halo would be good but when we ordered it, I did not see any taro ice cream on top. I;m assuming that everyone makes halo halo differently. When I tried the halo halo, it was TERRIBLE. It tasted so watered down and not sweet whatsoever. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.
4	Tried a lot of different dishes liking all. Very friendly people. Try it you might like it. Think of it as home cooking as opposed to restaurant chain. Perhaps not like your home but something your friends mother, who is a great cook put together.
5	located on the corner of Guadalupe n Dobson behind autozone for those who had a hard time finding it like we did. :) we went there on sat morning n my gf order those red pork n two sides. Everything turned out good n my gf is Filipino so she knows what's good n bad. All n all the food is good n cheap! Will go again when we crave some Filipino food.
