3	Great cheap Vietnamese place to go for lunch. Pretty much all of their dishes can be had for less than $10 and their all pretty tasty!Enjoy
4	my wife needed some comfort food, and restaurant saigon delivered.  yes, we were in need of some pho, which in montreal is called "soupe tonkinoise".  since we live in denver (CO), we are accustomed to the usual mound of lime wedges, basil, and culantro, which accompanies this delicious vietnamese dish.  none arrived.  we figured this was a canada/montreal thing.however, we were pleased by the very hot and delicious broth.  the difference seems to be thicker noodles and a heavier/fattier broth.  my wife loved it.the meal was delivered quickly, and it was cheap for montreal standards.
1	The people writing posts above a star are inept at tasting food. Period.  I've had the unfortunate chance to visit this sorry excuse for an Asian restaurant and it was by far the most pathetic and unsanitary showing of anything remotely related to food.At first glance, the menu seems to be quite big, albeit set in an odd location in a tiny little basement scrap in a semi-detached surviving as a free-standing on Metcalfe.  However, the food is simply a combination of the surviving basics: chicken, noodles from Metro, and cheap frozen vegetables.  The prices are also above $10 for a bowl of noodles and it WAY too overpriced to even think of as acceptable given that even the restaurants nearby don't charge above $4 for a bowl of soup.  Furthermore, any typical Pho or Vietnamese restaurant won't dare serve a hefty portion of noodles, rice or meat for over $6.  Saigon just markets to McGill students who A) don't know the city very well B) people with terrible tastes in food, and C) self-loathing Asians from the students societies who are too lazy to seek out quality.The food that I and my friend both got was not only the wrong order, with no offer by our waiter/owner to replace or refund our meals but also had blood raw chicken in it!  When we both confronted the server about it, he took my chopsticks and stirred the food around and said it was fine and walked off.  I left without even paying for the bill at that point.Saigon is pretty much named after the sentiments a war veteran feels when the name is uttered to induce fear, hatred and gunpowder.  The food's quality is as primitive as both fighting factions were induced to and the service is pretty anarchic as the war had been lived out to be.  The only thing this restaurant mimics about Asia it its slums- both in terms of sanity and in general deportment.
2	This place isn't horrible.. But I can't say i'll be going back.If your downtown and want Vietnamese food then go to Saigon style on St.Catherine.. which I've already done a review on.. It's cheap and food is amazing.But anyways, back to this place..Decor is plain and kind of dirty, there was one man working who just sat a few tables down from us looking bored out of his mind,lol.. guess that was because we were the only people in there!Imperial rolls weren't bad, the food was alright.. But after having DELICIOUS Vietnamese food right downtown(Saigon Style), I have no reason to come back to this place!
2	It is late at night. You are hungry and staying in a downtown hotel. What are you options? Trendy nightspot (too dressy and you're too old), hotel room service/ restaurant (overpriced slop with an added service charge), dragging your self across town to open shop (I don't think so). Enter Restaurant Saigon! Cheap food, Cheap Flavor, but good times. I had the General's Chicken. It was no gourmet, but it hit the spot.
1	We were in the mood for budget friendly Asian food in the downtown area and the menu appeared reasonable, so we thought we'd give it a try. We started with a fried won ton appetizer. It consisted of about six fried wontons containing microscopic pieces of chicken in the middle. Thought the entrees would be better. Thought wrong. I ordered chicken red curry, which had pinkish chicken pieces floating in a brownish broth with vegetables. The chicken tasted under cooked. My husband ordered the General chicken which was soggy, full of dark meat & covered in a drippy brown sauce. It came with rice that had a dead winged insect sticking out the top of the rice mound. After picking that out, he later found another! Not to be out done, I found one in my rice also. We decided at that point to stop eating. Never coming back. No quality to the food whatsoever. Not to mention, the proprietor seemed utterly disinterested in our dining experience even though there was only one other customer in the restaurant.
1	Seriously this is one of the worst Asian food restaurant ever. We were craving pho nearby our hotel so we went despite the fairly positive reviews, but we were so wrong. I had a order of egg rolls which tasted and smelled wrong. The oil they fried these in must've been bad or old. I had never tasted anything that horrible before. I almost wanted to leave the place but waited for my beef pho which I must admit was the worst ever! The soup was bland, the beef smelled and tasted old, there was only green onions as garnish, no cilantro, bean sprouts, basil, whatsoever! My friends ordered Pat Thai, Kung Pao Chicken, Black a Bean Chicken, etc. but they were all just horrible! The only thing that tasted good was the Sriracha...
