4	This location is nearly always busy; but the staff works hard to keep the lines moving and getting drinks out on time. It's clean, good location with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. The recent remodel was a much needed improvement. If you are in a rush in the mornings...either get here early or find a different location. Still, it's a great place to be.
4	My go-to study starbucks. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. Music's usually not too loud. Wifi could be spotty sometimes but there are a couple of active networks. Their attwifi is not as reliable as the google wifi down at Starbucks, Indian School and 28th. Sometimes there's a spanish club that comes here to practice. I don't know what's proper coffee shop etiquette, but I think it's pretty rude to start jabbering away loudly when everyone else is quietly studying. I know I'm in a public space, but still!
5	I stopped here only to buy 5 gift cards, so I didn't actually buy any drinks or other items.The young girl that helped me had some trouble ringing the 5pack, so we decided for 5 individual cards.She was very nice and helpful, and when I misplaced my credit card (as I often do : ( she was very clever to check the gift card display... silly me I had left it there while checking out the gift cards available.I spent a week training at Interface and I did like the outdoor seating they have at this location. It is very nice and friendly.
4	I stopped by this starbucks because of the awesome patio deck. Great service and even better atmosphere to have a coffee in. I especially liked the huge couch theyare had in the back.If you stop in you can guarantee that this place will almost always be super busy, lots of outdoor seating so if you are down with this awesome az weather, have your java outside.
4	When thing I love about this Starbucks is the seating outside.  The landscaping is really beautiful and the trees are really tall.  This Starbucks is in Park Central.  Park Central has been around longer then I have been alive.  I do remember back in the day when I was a teenager that there was a Dillard's outlet store in this shopping center.  Anyways, I always enjoy coming to this Starbucks and drinking my coffee outside under a tree with either my hubby or friends.
5	I probably visit 100 different Starbucks per year in my travels.  This is 1 of my favorites.  The store font is perfect and captures the beauty of the Phoenix Sunrise which makes the mood that much more perfect at a coffee shop in the AM.  The staff is very friendly and upbeat as should be the case for a morning coffee shop.  The patio is huge with lots of outdoor seating and the inside is really cool how they have a long leather bench that runs the length of the store and lots of 2 tops all the way down it.  Lots of seating and comfortable.
5	Great Starbucks.  Gets very busy in the morning yet they keep the line moving.   David the Manager is a great guy.
2	It's Starbucks only with bad customer service.  Baristas with attitude that don't know their own product.  If I'm paying $7.00 for a coffee at least drop the 'tude.
5	This is my GO-TO Starbucks on a daily basis. The baristas are always helpful, will know you by name, will remember your drink, and if there is something wrong just let them know and they will fix it. David, Shawna, Sean and Stephen are a few of the wonderful people you get to encounter when stopping in. Please stop in sometime to see these guys, they are great and will help you enjoy another day on planet earth!
5	Sasha is the best! I live around the corner and I make sure to stop by at least once a day for my coffee fix and Sasha is always there being awesome! Love the location, love the staff, love Starbucks!
