5	Visit the sushi place. Freshest sashimi in town. Great portions. Highly recommended. Manager is awesome.
2	Craving good Korean food, but too far from the usual place, so I stopped in here.  They must be nearing the end of a remodeling effort (the front of the plaza was being painted and the food court looks like it's been through some changes...lot of vacant stalls).  The hot tofu spot in the corner was open, so I ordered the bulgogi special.  The hot pot tofu soup was steaming hot (which I love), spicy (another plus), with creamy chunks of tofu, bits of beef.  The bulgogi was sliced nice and thin and while tasty enough, it just wasn't savory.  At first taste of the banchan, I thought maybe my allergies were affecting the ol' taste buds, but none of the banchan were seasoned or even salted correctly, very bland.  The kimchi was crunchy fresh, but seasoning needed to be adjusted and the kongnamul was fine, of course.  Had the ogok bab, the purplish steamed mixed grain rice, way more personality in the taste department than plain steamed white rice.  Overall, I have to give this place 2 stars because things were unfinished and still under construction, plus the flavor of the food was lacking (come on now, that's what sets Korean food apart)!  I will try again some time, maybe by then the food court will be full and there will be other vendor choices.
3	Ate at Hot Tofu for the second time. #4, tofu soup with pork. Came with a dried fish, three side dishes (bean sprouts, cucumber, cabbage kimchi), and my choice of white or purple rice (purple, duh).Soup was good, 4/5, lots of meat and the tofu was super creamy. Kimchi and cucumber were not good, I barely touched them. Bean sprouts were okay. Rice was excellent. I didn't eat my fish, just not a fan. Last time I gave it to my boyfriend, but he wasn't with me this time, so I didn't think of telling them to not include it. When the cashier came over to check on me she offered to trade it out for noodles. I declined because I was already full, but I thought out was sweet of her.  :)For the price and convenience, I would eat here again.
5	Location:  Inside Greenland's supermarket situated on the NE side of Rainbow and Spring Mtn. Nice exterior decor of distinct Asian elements that can't be missed as you drive north on Rainbow or west on Spring Mtn.As you walk into the Greenland market, you'll see a nice spread of sweets on the left from a bakery and past it, the food court to the right.  The food court is spacious and presents a great spread and variety of food like Han's Chicken and Pizza with interesting Sweet Potato twist or sushi rolls from other vendors.  There's also the staple Korean BBQ offered by few vendors that is accompanied by side dishes and/or tofu soup with prices that are on average $15 (can be portioned out to 2 meals for me).    After working in the cold for the last few days, my body was begging for hot soup and notably a spicy one.  So, after previous visits to the food court with no signs of any vendors selling jampong (spicy seafood soup), I was surprise that on this particular shopping visit, I came across a new addition to the food court that served Korean and Chinese dishes.  This was the only food vendor that offered this delectable treat at a great price of $8.95 for a big bowl.  As usual, the bowl contained a generous portion of various seafood ingredients like shrimp and calamari along with side dishes of neon yellow radishes, onions, and black bean paste...and of course the staple kimchi.  However, having tried it at restaurants, I was put off by the fact that they used spaghetti noodle rather than the thick udon like noodles.  For most, it might not have been noticed if they haven't haven't had this frequently, but for me it changed the notion of the soup.  At first taste, it seemed watered down, but after continuous taste of the soup, the heat of the spice started to kick in.  I couldn't complain as much since I was hungry and recovering from a cold and I did happily enjoy the hot & spicy combo of the soup.  I did, however, could care less for the overly fermented kimchi.  Takeaway: If you want a quick bite of Asian food with great variety this would be the ideal place. Not a very intimidating place to come by yourself, but also more enjoyable with a company of people to be able to eat some of the big family style meals and be apart of the communal spirit of the Asian culture.
