5	amazing selection of frames,very friendly staff,great service, i will be back for my next pair of glasses
5	i have been going to Eyes and Optics since I needed glasses over 20 years ago.  Since the new rage is the old school 60's Birth control glasses I am happy to have been a trend setter for over 2 decades:) The difference with the ones I wear is that Eyes and Optics has the coolest selection of frames in the Valley. So I can find hipster glasses, nerdy glasses or super professional looking ones. Looking at my profile picture you can tell what I picked to wear daily. I love the store, the staff and the doctors. They never make you feel rushed, they are knowledgeable and very helpful. Even if they didn't take my insurance I'd spend the money to come here because of the staff.
5	I go here for my yearly eye exam. The office staff is very friendly and helpful. The eye tech was very good at explaining every step of the prescreening exam which helped me relax. Dr. Malik is professional and shares with you what he notices with your eyes- good or bad. I would say you are in good hands when you go to Eyes and Optics.They also offer a wide variety of frames for glasses which is awesome.
5	If you want to feel like your really going to a boutique optometrist and have lots of eye glass selections this is the place. My drastic difference than most places in las Vegas.
5	Amazing service, very professional and friendly. The price is reasonable for both product quality and service.
1	Two parts to this review, both for my exam and for my prescription purchase through this place.If I had to rate the exam by itself, I'd give it five stars. The doctor was great, he's informative, honest, helpful and I consider him to be one of the best eye doctors I've been too. I was there in and out very quickly and he didn't try to push any extra charges on me, which I can't say for many other doctors in the valley.However, if I had to rate the customer service given to me by the receptionists/technicians or whatever they are here, I'd give them negative stars if possible on this site. When I first made my appointment, I had asked how much the fee would be the day I scheduled, and told her exactly what I was coming in for and she gave me a price. The day I came in for my appointment, suddenly there were extra charges for a contact lens exam. I wouldn't of minded the charge and understand an insurance company can only cover so much, but because she had given me the wrong information previously, and me being the poor college student, I didn't have enough money at the time to be able to pay my fee, and had to cancel appointment right there at the front desk and come back another day. She didn't offer no explanation as to why she didn't catch the mistake before and didn't offer an apology for wasting my time and an appointment spot on their list.Not a big deal, I know, but it didn't end there. After I reschedule and come back, and actually have my exam, I return to the front and put in an order and pay for contact lenses. She said it would be between 5-7 business days and they'd contact me when they came in. Three weeks later and I don't hear anything. No missed calls form them or voice mails. The open times on the website are wrong, so a few times when I tried to call or stop by, it was closed or there was no answer. I finally reach them at around 4 pm one evening after I had gotten off a long shift at work, and ask if my contacts are in. The lady has to put me on hold for 10 minutes because apparently the other 3 people walking around the office can't manage to take the call. She tells me they close at 4:45 (again, not what it says on their website) and I could pick them up if I wanted too. Frustrated with having to zoom through rush hour traffic to pick up an order I should of gotten 2 weeks ago, I'm exhausted and in practically in tears that this is becoming such a hassle over a stupid contact lens order. I make it there right before they close. Everyone is just standing around, no one wants to talk to me, and all I get is an "oh, she's here" and they hand me my order. Maybe I'm just imagining shit but I'm pretty sure they were laughing as I walked out. I guess angry customers amuse them? I tried my best to not be an asshole, but it's mind bogging how they expect to just talk to people in a fluttery nice voice and not be expected to solve any problems.It's a 45 minute drive to go to this doctor's office and I go because of the great things I hear about the doctor, but I honestly think it's not worth it anymore to get so stressed out, and going WAY out of my way cause some people don't want to do their jobs.
