5	I loved my experience there ! The owner, who was very friendly, explained the menu since it was our first time there. We tried the Paloma drink (very sour!) and the mexican-style beer which was definitely an experience!For the food, guacamole is out of this world and my sopa azteca was warm and delicious. My boyfriend tried the stuffed eggplant and the pepper which were both delicious ! I can't wait to go back and try more stuff. It takes a while to receive the food, so do not go there if you're in a hurry. But it's like you're a guest in a Mexican family and they're cooking a delicious meal for you.
5	Delicious! Service was warm and friendly too.  The majority of the menu consists of "small casseroles" that are shared tapas-style. The casseroles come with (and are eaten with) a generous stack of small, warm tortillas.We had three casseroles: the pastor con queso, chile nogada, and berenjenas gratinadas along with the azteca soup and quesedilla de chciharron, which was plenty of food for two people. The casserole and the soup were most memorable, and we look forward to returning again to try the other items on the menu. The cactus salad looks particularly interesting!
4	If you don't mind waiting a bit for your meal, this is probably the most legit Mexican food you'll find in Montreal. Each of the taco plates come in little casserole dishes with a basket of soft taco shells on the side, so unlike other taco joints, you have the ability to portion control. I got one order of the cactus tacos and another of the shrimp: both were superb, and ample for one person. Granted, I filled up on guacamole first, but you probably will too so we're cool. Warning: these guys are not messing around with their hot sauce. Use it with caution.
5	Really delicious and one of the most authentic Mexican restaurants you'll find in Montreal.  I used to live in New Mexico and it was so nice to eat authentic dishes in the traditional dishware.  Lovely little family-owned restaurant with great and friendly service.
