5	I am completely impressed by this newly opened art studio.  I first heard about them through Living Social and then thought, hmm why not?This is a perfect date place.  They have competitively priced wine, beer and soda.  There is someone who comes through during the class offering additional beverages so you do not have to interrupt your painting.  I had Paul Smith as a teacher.  He is animated and very involved as you paint.  They help you through the whole process.  Picking your brush, getting the right amount of paint and helping you fix errors.  Love, love, love.They also have special events for holidays.  For New Years and Valentine's Day they have classes where you and your special someone paint two halves that become one painting.  They are incredibly new!  They have only been open for three months.  The studio is simple and comfortable.  Perfect place for friends, families, couples...  You can choose any picture you want to paint.
5	I'm not going to lie, I may be the worst painter in the world ( I can barely write my name sometimes). But, I had such a great time painting here! Who knew I could paint? Not me...that is for sure.So my painting didn't turn out as pretty as everyone else's, I'm totally cool with it. Just being able to sit and do something new in Madison, to me that was not only fun and innovating, made my night! A little about the classes here:-The classes are around 3 hours each.- I suggest wearing some what ok to get messy clothes. I watched a girl splash paint all over herself during the initial retrieval of the paint we would need. -Come a little early to get the spot of your choice if you have a bigger group. The class was full!-Drinks were totally affordable. I even got a 20 oz bottle of Coke which was only $1.50.-Your painting will be completely dry when you leave, no worries. they have hair dryers to make sure your now walking around with a wet painting. -Even if your painting does not match the starting painting that your trying to match, it's ok. It is your painting, meaning it is your "take" on the starting model. -They clean everything up for you when you are done. It was great!I also had Paul Smith as a teacher. Totally a great guy!Thank you Artful Escapes for being a new awesome place to have some good old fashion fun in Madison!
5	Mother and daughter team, Arlene and Robin, were excellent hosts and the guest artists were both personable and professional.  My hesitancy about "pretending to be a painter" (which is how I was feeling) completely faded as brush met canvas and the instructors provided pleasant encouragement and guidance.  I had a fun, relaxing evening and might have even pulled a smiling muscle because I left feeling so wonderful!  Whether you are the most artistically inept, supremely perfectionist or anyone in between, you could give you chance to have this experience!This is a great idea for a unique, romantic date idea, a fabulously fun night out with friends, or a relaxing evening for yourself!
5	I wasn't sure what to expect but all I can say is I can't wait to go back again!  I took my daughter and mother for a girl's day out.  We had such fun, laughing, painting, getting creative.  The atmosphere is fun, friendly and inviting.  I really loved how they provide tips and tricks for the particular painting of that class while still encouraging each of us to let our creative juices flow, modifying the painting and colors to make it our own.  Each of ours turned out different.  I'm inviting my girlfriends for my next visit!
