5	Dr. Noorda is one heckuva dentist. Professional, knowledgeable, friendly -- the whole bit. Staff is wonderful. I'm not a fan of going to the dentist, but Dr. Noorda knows what he's doing, and he does it well. I've been awake and have had IV sedation for multiple visits -- he's good. I'll keep going back.
1	Would not use this dentist again. Came in for a simple cleaning and left with numerous gauges in my gums in worse shape than when I walked in. Asked the receptionist if this is normal and she had no sympathy and got very defensive. When I asked to speak with the doctor, he had the same attitude not willing to take any blame or even apologize. DO NOT TRUST YOUR TEETH TO THESE PEOPLE.
5	Been a patient for years. Always top notch dental service and customer service. Every time you walk in you are welcomed warmly and the facility has a nice calming and relaxing feel to it.
1	What a mess. First the reciptionist did not understand Humana dental insurance and got all upset about my having Humana only to calm down and apologize and admit she doesn't know anything about insurance. Next, the dental assistant touches my swollen face really hard and hurts me, and then the dentist comes in and he has no clue that nicotine gum wears the enamel off of teeth. I've talked to lots of people who do know this, and I would think that a dentist would know this. He thought that nicotine gum is loaded with sugar. It's not. He told me my tooth was not damaged from chewing nicotine gum for 3 and a half years, that it must be something I am doing wrong. Really? I had one filling in my entire life and no other dental work and I am 56 years old, so what exactly other than chewing highly acidic nicotine gum was I doing wrong? How many people have 1 filling and no dental work needed by the time they are 56. I'm sure it's all my fault. I was having to tell him about other people I have talked to who have gone to their dentists and their dentists told them that chewing nicotine gum wore the enamel off of their teeth. Then when I complained to the reciptionist over the phone, she blamed it on me, got real defensive. Also, I just moved here last week and don't have a car, so I walked over there. I find out that his brother has an office right here where I live, yet he did not refer me to him but he knew I had walked over there and had no car. then when I contacted the brother's office, no response. What a mess.
