4	Inka Fest just opened in Dec 2010.  The food is very authentic with quality quite similar to Contigo Peru just a mile away; however, Inka Fest prices are a bit more competitive.  Atmosphere is also better, as they had a live satellite feed of Peruvian television, which was pretty cool.  They need to get some signage up quick, as there's nothing to distinguish the suite as a restaurant, let alone a Peruvian restaurant.  I'm sure they're working on it.  It's nice to have another option for Peruvian in town.  I'll certainly be back.
4	My husband and I ate at Inka Fest Peruvian Restaurant tonight.  The place has only been open since December 2010, but they have the menu down pat.   We had empanadas as an appetizer.  The pastry was light and flaky and the meat filling quite savory.  I had Pescado Sudado which is fish fillet steamed in a tomato sauce with thick-sliced onions and yucca.  The fish was amazingly tender.  My husband had Arroz con Mariscos, a paella that was chock full of a variety of seafood.  We topped dinner off with Peruvian ice cream.The prices are extremely reasonable (my fish dish was $9.95) and the wait staff very pleasant and accomodating.  There is a TV that we asked them to turn down and they had no problem with that, completely turning off the volume for us.We'll definitely be back, and bring friends with us.
5	My BF and I had a lovely dinner here the other night. I have been craving for some Peruvian food, particularly Lomo Saltado, so I was pretty excited to come across this restaurant on Yelp. We had: Papas Rellena ($4.95): Just one potato ball was in an order and it's served with a side of salsa criolla (thin sliced red onions, tomatoes and herbs in a vinaigrette). It tasted pretty good but for some the heavy olive flavor might be a little much. Lucky for me, I'm a fan of olive. Grant it it was one large potato ball but IMO it's not worth it for the price. Maybe I'm just spoiled by Porto's potato balls back in CA where it's like 90 cents each.Chicharon de Calamar ($7.25): Fried Calamaris in other words. This was delicious. The batter was light, crispy and well seasoned. The calamaris were soft and tender and cooked perfectly. This was served with tartar sauce and salsa criolla but I found the Aji sauce they bring out with the bread and butter at the beginning of the meal was a better dipping sauce for these. Lomo Saltado ($9.95): Yum! Just what I was hoping for. This definitely satisfied my craving. The whole dish was cooked perfectly with the right amount of sauce and was not too greasy. The beef was tender and the veggies were slightly crunchy and not overcooked to a mush. Pescado a lo Macho ($12.95): This was a plate of seafood heaven. On the bottom, it was a lightly fried fish fillet. Over the fish was a mixture of different seafood including: shrimps, squid, scallops and mussels in a creamy tomato sauce. I only got a small sample of this dish and thought it was delicious. My BF loved this dish and polished off the entire plate. It is quite a bargain for the amount of seafood that was loaded on to this dish. I was a little saddened that throughout our whole meal, we were the only ones in the restaurant. Although when we were just seated, a gentlemen came in and picked up an order to go. Our server (who is the niece of the owners) had said they are slowly getting new patrons each day. They have been open a little over a month and she hopes that when they get their new sign up that it would attract new customers and help them get more business. I sure hope so. The chef/owner also stopped by near the end of our meal to thank us for coming in. He asked about our meals and chit chat with us a bit before heading back to the kitchen. Our dinner was very enjoyable. Food was excellent and the service was awesome. The total for our 2 apps and 2 entrees including 2 sodas and a passion fruit drink (which was also delicious) was about $44 before tip. What a steal. We will most definitely be back! There are lots of other dishes on the menu that were very intriguing.
5	We've been to Contigo Peru a number of times, and so when we read about Inka Fest being opened by the same team, we tried it out.    Some of the same dishes as Contigo but with a different twist, and some completely different ones, too.  Everything we had was great, and the service was good, too.   This building has had several restaurants go under in the last few years, but this one definitely deserves to succeed.   The prices are very reasonable, too, in fact maybe a bit less than Contigo.
5	Yum yum... after having a fun afternoon at the Desert Botanical Gardens and walking thru the Yucca and Aloe exhibits, my mind had locked onto the idea of getting some yucca for dinner. hahaSo what did I do?  Well, I came home and Yelped 'yucca'... quicker than a snap, up popped a variety of restaurants and bars in my area.  Well, after skimming reviews on each of them, I picked the restaurant that was the newest and more reasonably priced, Inka Fest.  An hour later, my roommate, my guy and I were sitting at one of their tables, trying to decided between the many delicious-looking options.  We appetized with empanadas and fried yucca and ended with Bistec a la pobre, saltado camarones and saltado pollo.  It was all delicious!  Seriously, I'd reorder any of the 3 dishes.  The only note was that the restaurant was a lil quiet... could've used some musica in the background.  It was interesting to see the Peruvian channel but it would have been better to have captions on the TV and music playing in the restaurant... for the non-Spanish speaking patrons. I'll definitely be back.  I'm still thinking about my shrimp saltado!See ya there. :)
4	Wanted to try Peruvian cuisine, so this was our first visit.  We tried two of the appetizers - both rellena dishes - one with potato on the outside filled with meat, and the other was a circular stack of potato and chicken.  Both excellent.  Dinner was a pescado dish and loma saltado.  The loma saltado is a bit of a surprise - it's a plate with fries, tomatoes and excellent marinated meat all in a sauce.  You have to try it.  Wonderful flavor.  Really good value, too.  Two appetizers, two entrees, two desserts (you must have the flan), three sodas, tax and tip was $65.  Nice place. We'll be back ....
4	I had dinner here last week and it was so yummy that I wish they were open today (not open on Tuesdays). If I could, I would give this place 4.5 stars. My guest and I shared papa a la huancaina, lomo saltado, flan and ice cream. Of course we washed it down with Inca Cola. The papa a la huancaina was very good and the lomo saltado was absolutely delicious. My guest had saltado de mariscos which she didn't share (ok, so I may be a little bitter); she said it was really good. The flan and ice cream were different, they had a bit of a kick to them, but still good. That was by far the best Peruvian food I've had in Phoenix and I'll definitely be back.
4	My wife and I are regular patrons at neighboring Cornish Pasty, which is always packed on Fridays.  We have seen the Inka Fest restaurant slowly take shape since December and finally decided to visit.  What a great decision!  The food is great and tasty and our server was very helpful in helping us navigate the Peruvian entres.  I would recommend getting an app, then share a plate because it is a lot of food for the price.  They have Peruvian bands visiting and my hunch is it would be cool to go when a band is playing as there would be more of a crowd.  I see this place getting more popular over time as the food, service and location are great.  They need to get a liquor license!  That would have put an extra star on this review.
4	Everything is good, the service, the music, the decor, and the authentic taste!  I was very impressed with the huge chunks of tenderized meat and SAUCE!  It's all about the sauce.  Spicy green mint sauce, orange tomato based sauce, and the Causa Rellena de Pollo o Camaron were still very good.  The Cau cau was very tasty, with a good sauce to top on the white rice.  The pollo a la brasa was so delicious just falling apart in your mouth and the spices took over your taste buds for at least a few minutes (if you can even span your bites that far apart!).  Overall, great authentic Peruvian Dining.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the food!  Its the spices that make the dishes.  We ended up here late one night and they happily served us.  Wait staff were very attentive and friendly- gave good recommendations when asked.I had a simple potato and beef dish which was served with some sort of dipping sauce that was TO DIE FOR, really spicy and so flavorful!  I poured it all over my meal!My husband was less impressed, he says 3 stars, I say 4!
4	Who knew that Peruvian food was so delicious? Or that it even existed? I am so glad that I finally went to try this kind of food. My friend and I have a deal that whenever we go to dinner we have to try a new type of food. In order to facilitate this, I clicked through every food category on Yelp until I found this place. So the place is cute and has nice decor. Our waitress was a nice girl, who was helpful in picking out my meal. First she brought out a green salsa, a red salsa, and some kind of corn kernels that were popped... but not popcorn? It was really interesting. They're like the original corn nuts! The green sauce was good, spicy and flavorful, the red sauce was a bit too vinegar -y for my taste. For the main course, I ordered the pollo saltado and my friend ordered the saltado inka. The Pollo saltado is chicken with onions, tomatoes, cilantro, and french fries (?!?!) with some kind of light sauce, and a side of rice. It all worked so well! The flavors were bold and delicious. It was made even better by the fact that it was only 9$. I will definitely be coming back for more of this surprisingly delicious food!
4	I have eaten at a ton of peruvian food joints and this place is tops! Don't pass on this place, authentic and great portions. My #1 choice.
4	Not knowing much (or anything, really) about Peruvian food, going here was a completely new experience for me. I absolutely love yucca (potato-like plant eaten in Peru) and Inka Fest does it right. Since it has been awhile since I ate here, I do not recall the specific dishes. However, I do recall the Pisco Sour being absolutely delicious. It's made with pisco (liquor), lemon or lime juice, egg whites, and bitters. So delicious! I would recommend this place to anyone looking to try Peruvian food. I really enjoyed it.
5	Delicious!! Went here for dinner on a Friday night, and they had live music along with great service. We ordered the yucca for an appetizer and loved it! My boyfriend also tried the Chicha Morada (purple corn drink) and liked it. We ending up splitting a large seafood dish as are main meal and it was awesome. I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant. If you have never tried Peruvian food like me, I highly recommend checking this place out.
1	Bland food, rude service (from an Italian grandfather--which is weird); however,  I've since learned not to blame it on Peru!!
4	We went to this place last night based on the previous reviews and found it to be very delicious. The one thing I was a little disappointed in is that they ran out of chicken. Since I'm on a special diet program there are limited items I can eat that don't require much for sauces so it only left me with seafood or beef. I had seafood for lunch so wasn't wanting to repeat that for dinner. I did have the beef with the french fries (pushed fries aside) and it was absolutely delicious. They brought me a very nice size salad with lime slices and I was very satisfied. The other two people who joined me absolutely raved about their meals and said it was perfectly seasoned. They weren't very busy however we stayed a few hours and just enjoyed visiting. The owner and employees were very nice and polite.
1	Skip this restaurant and go next door to Pasty Company.
4	Found this place thanks to Yelp!  Glad I finally went!  My friend and I decided to go for a later lunch and they had $6.95 lunch specials. This was perfect since neither one of us had been there before.  We decided to each get a different dish and then share. We opted for the Pollo Saltado and the Tallarin Saltado de pollo. The portions are huge and it was really really good!  Next time I would really like to try the Lomo Saltado. Actually, I wanna try everything on the menu. The service was ok. The girl that waited on us was unsure of the soup but did go ask about it. I had to ask for more water. I still will go back to try other stuff though!!
1	I waited over and hour for the ceviche de camarones. When it arrived it was literally 8 pieces of shrimp and a pile of onions. Ridiculous.  They said it takes a long time to make.  I'm not buying it and I'm never coming back. No tip.
1	Worst service ever! We waited over an hour for our food. Some of our group got the soup that came with the lunch special and others didn't. When asked when we were getting our soup the server said she was going to bring us salad instead because they ran out of soup. Well, we never got a salad either, but we still were charged full price for our meal even though we didn't get all of it. They could have at least comp'd the drink or something. The food was just so-so. I will never go back. Cornish Pasty, Pink Pepper or Serrano's are all much better choices in this area. Even Sonic would have been better.
3	It was my first time here and came with a good size group. The food was good but the serve seemed to struggle with the group. It took very long to get our food and it came in parts so some got to eat before others. Also when it came time to pay splitting the bill became an ordeal since she didn't know who got what. They have a waltz class going as well, which the music made the wait a little more painful. Overall not the best experience.
4	Background -- visited Inka Fest as part of a school fundraiser for grand-daughter-- and that matters because she ended up on the "stage" with school friends who performed an impromptu concert for teachers and family. The gentleman whom I assume was the owner was fine with that.  Yeah!  He was also very friendly and informative for our 6 person (3 adult) group which was new to Peruvian food.  We all savored our food: fried platano appetizer -- yummy, sweet, kinda like a finger food pudding; "chicken nuggets" for kids that was actually strips of well seasoned, crunchy chicken and not mystery meat, husband and I had two "Chaufas" -- one chicken and one shrimp-- that are like a Peruvian fried rice.  Daughter-in-law had pollo a la brasa-- marinated chicken with salad and french fries.  She very much liked it.  Very generous servings.  The star of the meal was the green sauce.  I asked the owner to tell me more and he said it was Peruvian herbs, chile, cilantro (and a few more ingredients but it was so loud that I couldn't hear).  When I went home I Googled several sites to learn more so I can try and approximate at home.  Gonna put my green thumb to work growing "huacatay" which is a kind of marigold.  (Never knew they were edible till this food trek.)  The fundraiser resulted in a kind of  "cash mob" event that seemed to overwhelm the cafe staff a bit-- and why I'm holding off on the fifth star.  BUT, we most definitely will be back to explore the interesting menu again.
1	Terrible service!!! It took 20 min just to get a glass of water and there were less than 10 people in the whole restaurant?!? I guess its safe to say that I wont be going back
1	As a Peruvian, I can tell you that this place sucks!!!......The ceviche was uncooked and the waiter was an Italian that did not speak English or Spanish.  My family and I had been there before and things were different.  I don't know if they sold the place to someone else, but there is definitely, someone else doing cooking and it is not good.  I would recommend this place.  Less to say.....there was no tip for the waiter.
1	This place was on Dirty Dining TWICE in one month.
4	Found this place on Yelp and was my first time trying peruvian food.We started with appetizers and they were so good and plenty we did not make it to the dinner menu.We had papa rellena, empanadas, choclo con queso, ocopa, yuca frita and tostones. Also tried chicha morada and maracuya sorbet.I will definitely go back to try more food from their menu.
4	While in AZ for softball tourney the fam and I were craving Marios Peruvian (On Melrose in L.A) decided to search for Peruvian food in the Tempe area and came across Inka fest. Glad we did, because the food was great we ordered the lomo saltado which was good and the jalella mixta which is a variety of fried seafood very good! Also enjoyed this awesome ice cream made of a fruit native to Peru, kind of a cantaloupe colored ice cream but was not overly sweet just sweet enough and nutty. It was Delish!! Very good experience staff was excellent!! Highly recommended!!
5	Excellent service, Excellent food, Perfectly priced.  Stumbled across this restaurant on accident.  Will definitely be going back often.
