5	This recently opened foot massage store is couple doors down from Lotus of Siam and couple blocks from the HVL hotel. Has many private rooms as well as a large public room. The decor is beautiful and great foot massage.
5	The service was great here. Very enjoyable massage for the little price. I will definitely be back here again I will definitely be back!
5	I'm a LMT(licensed massage therapist) at the Wynn Casino. I get countless massages that aren't up to par, but this place isn't one. They were not only professional with us at the front desk, but once we got back into the "large party" group room they were organized, prompt, didn't do the typical Asian parlor beating on your body. The draping was by far the most respectable part of the massage. I only got my feet and arms massaged, but you can tell the professionalism by the draping over the more personal/intimate areas(pecs, medial quads/hamstrings & glutes).   I would def recommend and will be coming back for sure!!!
4	Coming back for sure! Loved everything about this place. $20 for a half an hour is an amazing deal. Bringing everyone I know to this place.
2	Got a $10 for $20 check in deal with yelp. Me and my girls really needed a massage after walking around Vegas all night in our 6 inch heels. Pros: amazing decor, skilled massages, tea service afterward. Cons: staff is awkward. My sister's therapist answered TWO cell phone calls during her hour service. Therefore she was done about 12 minutes after the rest of us. Checkout took about 10 minutes because no one seemed to know how to work the credit card machine. Despite all the strangeness this was the best hour of my life. My advice is to wear a camisole and capri pants so your therapist can get to your skin easier. Also, disclaimer : this isn't your lay on a table and get rubbed down with lotion massage. You will get pounded/knuckled/grinded on and it will hurt (but it feels sooo good afterward).
4	Maybe not the best in town, but was very enjoyable. It has the cons of many other Asian foot spas I've been to, but the quality of massage was definitely up there on the list. PROS:Foot massage almost put me to sleep.Ambiance is nicer than other foot spas I've been to.Was shorted less than 10 minutes in actual massage time (unfortunately, most foot spas advertise an hour and you're out the door in 45 minutes)A great way to relax on the cheap.CONS:High pressure sales to upgrade, "you won't feel as good."NOBODY spoke a lick of English, we were handed a cell phone to speak to a woman at another location for the upwell. Talking, answering calls, and other racket during the first 15-20 minutes of soak time and beginning massage.$22 with Yelp check-in for an "hour" foot massage.
5	Probity the best massage EVER!  Hidden gem off the beaten path.  I took the wife and we shared a room.  We asked for a deeper tissue massage and they were great.  We also cashed in the yelp discount which was a bonus.  Combine both of us got a fantastic 1.5 hr massage cheaper than a 1person 50 min massage on the strip.   Highly recommend
5	Be ready to be completely relaxed. It's an absolute heaven for an hour. During the body massage, i didn't even have to tell Jack where to focus on. He knew right away which parts of my body needed the most work and spent much time on it. I fell asleep during the foot massage and after the massage, I felt like I was walking on clouds. This place is clean, professional, price is very friendly. Foot lounge and Spa is definitely the best in town. Highly highly recommended!!!
5	Extremely good massage. $38 for an hour. Ive had hundreds of massages and this was in the top 3. Yes, it is hard to find, and yes the mega strip mall this place is located in feels a little like the set of Mad Max, but Its a safe area, close to the Wynn and strip, and a great deal. Must try!
4	After some miss communication on a advertised deal, they were pleased to help settle the situation and give a great massage. The woman who massaged me was very good. Very relaxing, comforting. They wear gloves, it's ok. I prefer not to, it is what it is. I look forward to a longer massage. A little extra but, worth it.
5	Stopped here on the way from Zion.  Excellent, affordable massage!!  Very receptive to depth of massage.  Don't be scared by the parking lot, the facilities are clean....a bit away from the strip...but for the price would return!!
1	I wanted a full body massage and looked up reviews on this place so I decided to go.  They did do a full body massage but totally skipped my feet.  Also, when it was over, I asked them to call me a cab.  They said it was easier to go out to Sahara and hail a cab.  So, I tried and ended up having to walk up Sahara (and this is NOT a good part of town) until I found one.  Also, I wanted a more "sensual" massage and they do not do that here.  I would skip this place and go somewhere else.
5	I'm so grateful to the person who wrote the previous review about Jack!  I did an hour, half feet / half body.  It's a cute little place, in that funky shopping center a couple doors down from Lotus of Siam.  I'm so happy I went there.  It's true, Jack's very intuitive and went to the parts of my body that needed it the most w/o me saying anything.  That's what caught my eye about the last review.  Wow.  What a hidden treasure.  Thank you Jack!
4	I've gotta admit, when my friend and pulled in to this place, we had NO idea what to expect! We read great reviews about this place, though were a little thrown off by the location. It's definitely one of those hidden gem type of places! Once we got checked in and were in the room itself, I did notice they try to make the experience as relaxing as possible, which is great. As far as the massage itself, it was wonderful! Just the right amount of pressure and just felt great overall. And for the price, it's worth it if you're in town visiting and you wanna give your precious feets a little love :)
5	Excellent. Clean, quiet, humidity controlled air, relaxing scents, good massage. It is in an old shopping center, but worth the trip.
5	Great typical reflexology foot massage value and quality.  $38 for a full hour.  The rooms are clean, the service is friendly and polite. I would recommend to anyone.
4	Don't let the outside appearance cloud your judgement. Upon entering we were greeted by their friendly staff. Some different specials were offered. We went with the one hour foot spa which included massage for your back, legs, neck and shoulders. The water to soak our feet could have been warmer. The staff was courteous and quiet which helped to create a relaxing atmosphere. Halfway through our session a very loud male customer could be heard outside, just a super loud talker. He continued running his mouth for the next ten minutes. It was also a little too warm in there, especially uncomfortable because of the outside summer heat. Overall it was a nice experience, I would go back.
5	Sweet staff & the massage was excellent. They fulfilled the whole hour & it was a relaxing atmosphere. Prices were fab! I will come here every time I come to Vegas, which is one a year! Wish they had one of these back home.
5	Very good massage. I have been to many foot massage places this Is the best one. I will come back without hesitation and tell others about it
4	Great one hr full body massage, $38.  The place is wide open but I was the only one so that worked out ok, I think it would have been weird with other strangers there.  Anyways apparently they have another location close by with private rooms?  Another patron came in and left with another therapist... Good deal, easy to find.  Walking distance from SLS and stratosphere.
5	overall:  this was a nice, relaxing experience!  a bit dodgy area, but still felt safe.  i would not, however, walk here.  check-in:  we walked in at 12:15pm on a wed afternoon and were asked if we had called in.  nope.  asked for the $22 60-minute yelp special, and i was asked to bring it up on yelp.  wasn't quite sure what i was being asked so i brought up the "yelp special photo" on the foot lounge yelp page, and that seemed to satisfy her request.  service:  she quickly made a phone call; pretty sure to bring in help as she appeared to be the only one there.  we were asked if we wanted back massage included, or just head, neck, and shoulders.  no on the backs for us...really just wanted foot massage.  oh, well, half the hour was dedicated to head, neck, and shoulders, with the second half feet and legs.  we were led back to a private room for two and made comfortable on the beds with our feet dangling in a bucket of hot water for 10 or so minutes.  very quiet with decent soft music and lighting.  hubby read his kindle while i just chilled.  in the two women came and began clothed massage of head, neck, back, shoulders, arms, and hands.  then onto feet.  lotion was used on upper body with warm oil on legs/feet.  when done, oils were wiped off with warm towels, and yummy hot tea/water offered.  the tea was quite nice.  check-out:  we paid the $44 service with credit card and tipped each $20 cash.  they were very pleased, as were we, and off we went to continue our adventures on the strip!
1	Avoid! Run! Don't go here. In addition to my review below I also developed a foot rash that itches very bad the next morning. :( This place was very disappointing. First off, we called to make an appointment at 4:30 which was somehow fine when we made it but :15 min later they called us back to reschedule for 5pm which was a little annoying. When we got there they seemed very disorganized and we waited in our private room for at least 10 min before anyone showed up. The Yelp price other reviewers posted did not exist. The only way we figured that our massage was actually 60 min was if they started the timer when they let our feet soak for 10 min before even touching us. One of the ladies left the room for 10 min mid massage to answer the front door! Are u serious?!? Every time the other massage guy left the room you could clearly hear him coughing/hacking up a disgusting amount of phlegm. For a reflexology place they barely touched the feet with any pressure. Overall, very disappointing and will not be going back. Probably the worst reflexology place I have been to.
1	Do not go here, they charge too much for what you get and rip you off with the ion foot detox, which is a total hoax, these guys should be put out of business.
5	My family and I (group of 5) came here to kill time till traffic died down towards cali. The place seemed sketchy from the outside. We considered leaving but took a peak inside since we were there. We gave it a shot since the front seemed clean. Over all they were clean and professional. Everyone in the family enjoyed the massage including our 12 year old sister.  It was $36 with a yelp discount including hot stones.We would definitely come back next trip.
5	Wonderful expirence!! Was a bit hessatant, but when I relaxed and realized this is not a "happy ending" place I was able to enjoy my massage. Very professional and clean, friendly staff that is helpful and seems to know what they are doing. I would diffintaly come back even if just for the foot massage part.  Great pricing. Only downside is the muffled Mexican music you can hear through the wall... But I can just pretend I'm listening to Selena on bad headphones.
1	Clearly these reviews are bogus. First, we get there in the middle of the day and the guy at the front desk is sleeping...in a bed they keep behind the desk...with the lights out. I asked him about the price differences on the confusing menu but he didn't speak English. We decided just to go for it and see what we got. There was no music and the adult daycare next door was having a party. My massage started but my friends didn't start for another 25 mins...though they said they'd do them at the same time. She got only a foot massage and I got a whole body. It was not relaxing because of the noise and the massage itself was okay at best. Don't believe he reviews on here!
5	Came here after the sema convention since I've been walking around all day and gave it a try since it was close. It's a little different then other foot massage places since it has many private rooms so that's a plus. The foot massage was great as well. I went with a group of 3. I had cherry, friends had Anna and jack. The staff was super friendly and the foot massage was amazing. Best hour in a long time. The shopping center could look sketchy outside but the interior looked very nice.
5	Awesome place!!!!  VERY clean!!!!!! VERY friendly!!!! Host offered us complementary water and/or herbal green tea while we waited for the masseuses. Water for feet comes very warm; border line hot. Be careful, but if you like hot water on your feet as I. It is very relaxing. Relaxing private rooms for two. My girl and I enjoyed this very much. Not only do they do a great massage, but properly clean and dry you off from the water and oils they use. THE BEST We have ever had. Absolutely amazing. Definitely coming back.Additional; ask for Jack or Ana.
5	Just received a 90 minutes massage from Anna. She was nothing short of amazing. Very very happy walking out.
5	love this place angel the owner is super nice  logain gives the best massage i have ever had  jake also gives excellent massage  when i am in town i go at least twice clean and  nice surroundings
5	Awesome little place to hang out and get a great foot massage if you are waiting for a reservation at Lotus of Siam
