4	How much is good pizza worth? Is it worth being subjugated by a tyrranical owner slinging expensive pizza? Maybe, but only if it's really good, which the pizza at Joe's happens to be. Decisions, decisions. It smacks of the soup nazi in its unfortunate contradiction. If the pizza weren't so delicious, this would be a quick and decisively negative review. Sadly, for me the reviewer, for me the consumer, it isn't that easy.My suggestion is to go during the day, before Joe is embittered by partiers and the lunch special is readily available.
4	New York Pizza joint, in Arizona, with a Chicago owner.  Interesting....  This pizza was awesome, but a bit overpriced.  The owner was there when we went and she was super nice and got into some good conversation with us.  I'd definitely eat there again.
5	You know the Soup Nazi, now meet Joe, the Pizza Nazi.  Dude, it was your choice to open a pizza joint in the middle of the second most pretentious city known to man and keep it open til the wee hours of the night, not mine.  Learn some tolerance.  Get drunk enough to ignore Joe before you get in there (which most people do without realizing it anyway) and stumble into Joe's after the bar.  Its open late and has the best pizza in town.  Thin, huge slices with all the regular fixin's...  Oh and garlic bread knots with ranch and marinara.  Its all ready to go so theres not a wait once you actually get in there...and what line there is outside usually moves pretty fast.  I have no idea what the prices are because I'm either too drunk to notice or the chach in front of me didnt realize that he just paid for mine.  You taking notes here?  Just remember to keep your orders to the point and be polite when you get to the front of the line....they may not let you use the bathroom (and you know you'll have to go) if you dont.  :)
5	I am from NYC and Jersey and this is the best pizza I had in 3 years.... enough said GO!!!!
5	Great Pizza and Salads!
5	After eating Mexican food for a week solid the first thing we craved as soon as we got back to the US was PIZZA! Joe's NY is me and the Mr old reliable. We count on Joe's for some of the best pizza in town. Now they are even better, they deliver!!! We always order the same thing.. large pie with meatball and basil! You cant go wrong.. the crust is slightly chewy with a nice crisp edge.. plenty of meatballs and the large is pretty darn big and under 20 bucks! Eat at Joe's!
4	Joe's is awesome. It's best as a late night munch after a night of clubbing and drinking and scamming (or whatever you do in that area), but they also deliver during the day. I have eaten at Joe's many times late at night, but today we had it delivered and thought I should finally review it. A full fresh pie is a little different from ordering a reheated slice at the counter, right?The pizza is good for NY style. Nice flavors and decent ingredients. You get a lot of pizza for the money... particularly if you pick it up yourself - but 20 bucks delivered for an 18 inch one topping (including tip) isn't bad. They were pretty nice when I called in my order which can be a bit of a contrast to the experience you get when you show up in person at 2am, but how else would they be expected to handle a line of hungry drunk clubtards going out the door? I was told 30 minutes (which would've been nice), but it took closer to an hour. I've worked pizza delivery when I was a kid and that kind of thing is understandable. No big deal. Now, if it happens every time I order from them, I might start to get bummed.The pizza here isn't quite 5 star to me, but it's close.
4	I think the rule to actually like this pizza and actually want to eat it is to be drunk.  I was drunk and I loved the white pizza with spinach. My friend had the cheese pizza...she didn't like it.  She was sober.
4	This is my favorite non-gourmet pizza place in the entire Valley.As a transplant from the Northeast, Joe's satisfies my desire for decent New York-style pizza (and associated items like chicken rolls and garlic knots) in a metropolitan area that is largely devoid of high-quality "by the slice" pizza joints. I have visited both during the daytime and evening and have always found the service efficient and friendly.If one has experienced less than stellar service at 2 AM, than maybe one should consider why he or she is getting that service. To borrow the lyrics of the New Radicals, "you only get what you give." If I had to deal with some of the Scottsdale populace at 2 AM while in a state of exhaustion in a kitchen where the temperature is in excess of 100 degrees, I might be a little cranky too about having to deal with drunk antics.I only wish there was a Joe's closer to downtown Phoenix. What this restaurant does is so easy! Why can't more Valley pizza restaurants do it? I guess we'll never know...
4	I can see why people eat at Joe's late night - I'll have to remember to do that next late night I'm out and craving pizza... Joe's reminds me of a place I used to go for late night slices when I was in college.  (Go Blue by the way and if anyone reading this remembers that awesome late night pizza place in Ann Arbor, please let me know).OK, back to reality and fast forward 12 years... I went to Joe's for lunch today.  I had their chopped salad and my dining companion had a slice.  I was kind of wishing I had a slice too, but I have to admit that the salad was pretty good!  It had lettuce, tomato, salami, and swiss cheese and a balsamic dressing on the side.  I would totally get it again.  Quick, cheap, friendly, and satisfying - how can you say no to that?!I'll be back to Joe's for sure!
4	Ok so there really isnt any good new york style pizza around where we live so we gave this place a couple second chances. The pizza is starting to grow on me and now I look forward to grabbing a slice from Joe's because gosh darnit it really is pretty tasty! As for the garlic knots, well those didnt get any tastier after a second try but this place is still worth going to just for the delicious, nearly perfect new york style pizza. They also have the famous east coast tasty cake products that they sell individually for only a dollar! Definetely adds to the allure of the pizza when you know you can get a tasty cake to finish off your meal! Second Overall I give this place a "Mmmmm, tasty cheese pizza tastes yummy and make my tummy happy"
5	I just love this place.  yes I have had better pizza in ny.  but I dont think I have had better west of the mississippi. especially I notice its really great when it first comes out of the oven.  so I recommend if you go late night pick a slice that just came out not one sitting around a while.
2	So for a number of reasons that I won't go into, we got a free pizza delivered from Joe's the other night for dinner.  Half pepperoni, half chicken pesto.  I was highly unimpressed.  Even after I lowered my expectations due to the fact that it was delivered and free.    The pizza was cold.  Crust was bland and rather cardboard-ish.  The cheese was waxy.  Toppings were not very flavorful.  Don't get me wrong, I appreciate a free meal.  However, a free meal is always an opportunity to get or keep a customer.  Based on the pizza I wouldn't order again.
3	if I could give this place another 1/2 star I would.Late night after the clubs it is definitely good.  Reminds me so much of the NJ shore in the summer time when the bars close and their is the late night pizza rush.  It is quite site.  It definitely has a NY pizza feel to it to with the look.  Pizza is quite tasty and after the bars it is just about perfect.  2am...  Bar is closed...   I will be coming for you NY Joe.
5	Really surprised! I'm not one to like Marinara sauce, but, their Marinara and everything else is second to none! I highly recommend the Calzone or Stromboli.
3	Good late night spot for some pizza after hitting up the clubs in Old Town. We came here after going out this weekend for some good old fashion late night food. There was a constant flow of people coming and leaving. They have a good selection of pizzas ready to heat up and serve to you. I dont know if this is a place Id go to on the regular but its definitely the late night joint.Also, I thought it was kind of interesting because there was a cop standing inside the restaurant keeping an eye on things. I assume things can get rowdy in a place like this considering that everyone there after the bars is pretty sauced. I guess it's the norm but not something Im used to seeing.
4	Great late night pizza. The line is always out the door, but the pizza is worth the wait and fairly inexpensive. You will definitely be entertained while you wait in line with all the drunk people leaving the clubs making a fool of themselves, and you can see what the person really looks like you were grinding with in the club!
2	This is not great pizza by any stretch of the imagination but it will get the job done at 2 in the morning after a night in the club. This place gets crowded but the line moves fast. It's also a good place to try to chat up a girl if you struck out in the club.
5	Anybody that knows truly good tasting NY style pizza knows that this is a legitimate pizza joint somehow located in Scottsdale, AZ. I'm from the NYC area and live off of pizza. This place gets two thumbs up for the quality of their food. It is just a bonus that it is open late night as well. I guess that's a good way to make extra money but all the items on their menu besides the pizza are top notch and would be perfect for anyone that truly knows quality when they are tasting it at any time of day. Those that don't know quality are people that eat at chain pizza joints and think that California Pizza Kitchen is the best. CPK isn't bad for fast food pizza but it is nothing like legitimate NYC tasting pizza. Bonus points for using Grande Cheese and not being cheap and using a less quality cheese just to save money!
3	I walked over for slice at lunch today and realized that I hadn't reviewed Joe's !What a horrible oversight!Well, oversight corrected.There aren't that many places in Scottsdale (even in this gritty urban jungle where I live, called Old Town), to walk over and get a slice at lunch.That's all I've ever had at Joe's...I know they have sandwiches, calzones, spaghetti, etc., but I just wanted a slice. I will have to try the other stuff one of these days (so many places, so little time).Joe's does good job. It's not Manhattan, but a slice here will fill you up.They do a good job with toppings, and the cheese to sauce to toppings to grease ratio is just right (the pizza creases up just right for eating). If you ask them to make your slice well done, they leave it in the oven for a little extra time and that gives the crust a little more crunch, for those of us that like that sort of thing.Nice people behind the counter and the place is clean, has a few tables outside for sitting and eating on nice days.And, finally, a big slice of pizza and drink only sets you back about $4.50.It's good, cheap eats for lunch!
4	I feel like I should WUI (write under the influence) since that's when I usually eat at Joe's, but I'll spare you all the hassle of having to decipher my drunken stupor. Joe's is my go-to-place while out in Old Town. My routine is to leave the club around 1am, but not w/o getting a stamp for re-entry, stop in for a slice before a line forms, then return to the club for last call.They have serveral types of pizza available for re-heating. I like the basil and tomato with no sauce. It has just the right amount of cheese and the crust is slightly crispy yet chewy. I should try it sober one day. Hopefully I'll enjoy it just as much!
4	I would have to say this pizzeria is closest to nyc pizza you can get in this part of town.  Nice big thin slices and relativity cheap.  But I sure do miss the real nyc pizza though.
2	I'm not sure what happened but this place went downhill fast!! Ordered a pizza last night with sausage, cheese and fresh basil.. the baked the fucking basil so it turned black and nasty.. the sausage tasted like it was on the verge of spoiling, very gamy!! Plus the older woman behind the counter was not pleasant at all.. where is the old man, I miss his surly service and his killer pies!
5	Yum-yum good! Best New York Pie in Scottsdale by far. I am a cheese and pepperoni kind of girl, simple does it for me. They give you a HUGE thin slice of pie, the way it should be. Also, the hot wings are great too! What else can you say about a good pizza? Joe's is so good I now have resorted to calling there pizza, pie.
2	where is the love? something was missing with my last visit to Joe's New York Pizza.......where is Joe?!?! i admit it has been at least a year since i have been in there last.( i got hooked on the other side of the street with best of Italy pizza) i couldn't get enough people to agree on one type of pie so i got a few slices.  They were big slices and the crust was thin, they might have had a chance if they were not "marinating" in the window for an hour.  i like to load up on parm and crushed red pepper after I'm through with condiments it all tastes the same but nothing i can do can hide far from fresh product.  if you find yourself on that side of town and need late night food check out Best of italy or Philly Sandwich(24hrs!!!wtf) on 5th ave and scottsdale
5	This place is it.  Being from New Jersey, I can say that this place brings all the authenticity and taste of a NY Pizza parlor right here to AZ.  This is by far the closest thing to NY Pizza I have found in my 30+ years of living in the valley.Aside from the great tasting pizza, there are some other details that add to the authenticity of this place.1. She is from NY and has the accent to prove it.2. They are open late (like 3AM) and solve the age old East-coast transplant dilemma of "I can't even get a decent slice of pizza after 10 PM".3. They sell Rings Dings and Yodels.  If you don't know what those are, you won't know the difference between NY pizza and domino's anyway.Great find - I am hooked.
5	I am so blessed to have this place near my house.  It's the first thing we ate while we were moving in and it's going to be in our lives for a long time to come.First off, it's pretty expensive for pizza but it's worth it.  A large pie is huge and for a big guy like me, 2 slices is all I can eat.  A combo pizza will run you $20.  The sandwiches are cheap and delicious.  The wings are decent, but not great.  Maybe they taste better when you eat inside.  We always get delivery.I love alot of things about NYC.  The 2 most important things (besides my sister) are pizza and bagels.  I am happy Joe's NY covers the pizza side.  Oh and they deliver LAAAAATE Thurs-Sun.
4	Anyone who is familiar with the night scene in Scottsdale, has stumbled their way to this pizza joint at some place or another after the bars have let out. The pizza is greasy and tasty but definitely the cure to sober up and line the stomach with something solid after a 'rough' night. The lady whom works there is a doll, very sweet and always in a great mood, despite having to deal with all the ridiculously sloppy drunk individuals there at the late hours.
5	I try just about every pizza joint near me and this is one of my favorites.  Something about the cheese at this place reminds me of the pizza I'd get in Pittsburgh.  Another great thing about this place is they sell it by the slice.  Good, greasy, thin, NY style pizza.
5	I want some pizza. New York Style, thin crust. Because lets be honest, is there really any other kind? No, I don't want effing truffles on it...no micro-greens on a white pizza...no God Damn organically harvested arugula or duck confit by the whole wheat slice....today I just want a slice of Pizza.Joe's New York Pizza.Cheesy fold out tables? Yeah. NYC propaganda plastering the walls? Oh yeah. Do they serve yoohoo and snapple out of a coke fridge? Hells yeah...(do you have any idea how long its been since i've even SEEN a snapple?) The occasional fly? sure. The gray haired mafioso looking guy sitting outside in a suit reading the paper in 108 degree weather. Check. Pizza's ready; Greasy? Perfectly! Check the bottom real quick, does it have that ever so telling little black char from where all the great pies before it left there charred remnants in that ovens bottom? Yeah...very nice. Smells great, sauce is flavorful. Moment of truth....does it fold? Yeah, crust snaps into place, slice perfectly folded in half...greasy pizza juice running down my hand, and yeah...this is the God Damn Pizza i've been craving.
1	I was drunk when I ate here. It did save me from a getting a hangover. The sicilian was garbage. The regular was the same. $10 for 3 slices. Bogus slices. It was just like Sbarro's. The pizza was floppy as hell.  I guess you can't really complain when you are drunk. In hindsight, this place was a poor imitation. I would prefer the hillbilly trash pizza I eat in Cleveland.
3	3.5 stars!I'm all about instant gratification, especially with food. I had tussled with another Scottsdale business who insisted delivery could take up to 40 minutes...for a sandwich and went on to option B, Joe's NY Pizza. The woman who answered the phone was great, didn't put me on hold endlessly, answered my questions and told me I could get my lunch in less than 20 mins. Good news, because I was STARVING (as in hadn't eaten for 5 hours). Joe's doesn't charge a minimum for delivery, another relief so I ordered the greek salad and 1 slice of pizza with spinach. Delivery was quick and friendly, and my food was just what I expected from a pizza place. My pizza was a big juicy slice (not as big as a real NY slice but those things are ENORMOUS) with plenty of chopped spinach, a nice red sauce and a light coating of cheese. Entirely foldable, entirely into my belly. YUM. The greek salad was okay - good price for the size of the salad, small chopped onion and black olive, a decent sprinkle of feta cheese. The only downside was the iceberg lettuce. I wonder if Joe's would consider a $1.50 supplement charge to use mixed greens. Because I would happily pay extra for some red leaf/arugula/mesclun blend. But it was fine as cheap salads go and filled me up. If I need quick cheap delivery for lunch again, I will definitely call Joe's.
4	Good place to stop for a slice, the pizza is the perfect consistency with a slight crunch, a large enough slice with thin crust that you do the traditional fold and the tip will drop slightly with the right amount of grease dripping off of (it is definitely not diet food, but it will fulfill your need for a real NY style stop in pizza joint).  My first time I tried the meatball sub, which while not bad really was not memorable.  They have cut outs from Drake's baked goods on the walls, and if they actually sold them it would push them straight to 5 stars for me
4	Tried them for delivery tonight - and a good call it was, they were here in less than 20min.Large 18" Pepperoni Pizza with a 2-liter of Coke set me back $22 (not bad for the good stuff). Huge slices, thin crust, fresh parmesan cheese in little plastic cups, crushed red peppers, plenty of cheese and grease.Overall a great break from the predictable taste of Domino's and Papa Johns.
5	great new york style pizza!
4	Joe's is not the best pizza, but it is really tasty and very reasonably priced.I would say the same thing about their eggplant parm and chicken parm sandwiches.  Clearly these were frozen things deep fried on the spot on decent bread.  For $5 though I couldn't complain.Bottom line:  If you want some good and cheap eats, come to Joe's.  If you are expecting knock out pizza or italian fare, go elsewhere, but be prepared to drop more dough.
3	Reminded me a bit of Z Pizza.  Pizza was modest, just cheese & pepperoni but it was big! Wings were good and came exactly as we ordered, baked with bbq sauce on the side.  Totally worth the price.  I will be ordering from them again.
4	I've never been to NY, so I can't compare the pizza AND I'm a die hard Chicago pizza fan, so I am a little biased; however, if this is what NY Pizza tastes like, it's better than I thought. The pizza is crazy good and the calzones are even better.
5	We are visiting from Minnesota and staying in Scottsdale.  There aren't many places that deliver, but thank goodness we found Joe's!The pizza came promptly and it was very tasty.  For a huge pizza and salad, it cost $28.   Laurie, the girl on the phone was courteous and friendly.  She even threw in a piece of the thick crust pizza for us to try.  She also asked if we were sure we wanted the thick crust b/c it is really thick.  I'm glad she included the piece because it was thick, like pound cake and we were pleased she warned us.  The thin crust was perfect.If you're in Scottsdale, go to Joe's website and you won't be disappointed.
3	Found the joint on Yelp and stopped in for some lunch.  I was hungry, so I ordered:2 Slices of Cheese Pizzahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5pMNyj77S1P3rrT69y1pkQ?select=DLRrNqxUOi4C-ZruqGljlA1 Slice of Tomato Basil Pizzahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5pMNyj77S1P3rrT69y1pkQ?select=DK3o6jLbbW2Ot3ZSAxZ7lQIt's touted as a New York Style Pizza joint and it is....the Pizza is thin crust and you must fold to eat!  Otherwise the Pizza bends down....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5pMNyj77S1P3rrT69y1pkQ?select=obcx6HaVezeOz9Duw6_sTwI thought the Cheese Pizza slices were a solid 4 Stars.  They had a nice flavor to them and weren't greasy at all.  However, the Tomato Basil Pizza was not good....2 Stars at best.  The Tomatoes didn't have much flavor and tasted a little "off".....was not happy with that choice.Total damage was around $8 and it included a bottle of Water.  Not bad for 3 Slices.  Next time, I order just Cheese slices.Return Factor - 60%
5	Awesome pizza. I ordered a takeout, so not sure about the service here. Great tasting pizza. I couldn't wait till I got home and started eating, it smelled so good! Heavenly pizza, I've not had such great tasting pizza in a long time.Very happy with this place. I have been back a few times and everyone that works there is so friendly. I pulled up a chair and stayed for a while watching a basketball game. It's inviting and nice to have a local pizza shop to count on for consistency.
4	Very laid back. The pizza is delicious and the owner is very nice.
4	Best pizza in town. Hands down. Thin crust and not greasy. Their cheese steak sandwich is also great.  I ordered 15 extra large cheese pizza's double cut from them for my daughters birthday last year and everything went smoothly.  Everyone loved it!
1	I will never again use this pizza place again in my life. I work at a nearby business and I decided to try them, Lo and behold they always charged me more than what the specified amount was. This was not an isolated incident either this happened multiple times. Always ask for a receipt if you decided to eat here other wise they will take advantage of you.  DO NOT GO HERE THEY ARE THIEF'S,
2	Service was quick.  The place makes several pizzas and then throws your slice in for a quick reheat.  Because the crust is so thin it comes out cracker like after a re-heat.  The pizza was ok but I'd rather go up north to Ray's or a little farther west to Taste of Italy.
2	I should have stuck to my gut feeling and ordered pizza.But...no, I decided why not see how their other food is. Bad idea.We orderd:Philly CheesesteakCalzoneGarlic KnotsFrench FriesMy cheese steak was practically empty. There was about 80% bread going on here. I had to add some of my own to make it more tasty! What little meat there was, wasn't horrible. The french fries were sad - I mean SAD. They were wet and limp with no flavor at all. The texture was just weird. The calzone was made with Mozzarella, Ricotta, onions, peppers and sausage...this could have been good if the dough was cooked more and it wasn't drowning in ricotta cheese.The only think I truly enjoyed was the garlic knots. They were fantastic! Little pieces of garlic heaven. If you do not LOVE garlic I would stay away from these little buddies as they are covered in it. Yum!Previously, we've eaten here late night and had delicious pizza. IF I ever return I will stick to the pizza.
4	Love this place for lunch. The cheese pizza is a bit greasy but can be dabbed with some napkins. The website has a buy 2 slices get 1 free slice so for 6 bucks, you get a huge amount of pizza which it good for putting me into a pizza coma once I get back to work.
2	Expensive for some lousy NY-style pizza. Cost $35 for 2 larges! The pizza itself was greasy and fairly untasty. Better off with Barro's or hungry howie's.
5	Folks, NY pizza is supposed to be a little greasy. If you don't like it go to Dominoe's or whatever.I was a Joe's regular when I worked in the area. After I found another job (far, far away) I didn't go back for ages. When I did, I was surprised that the owner remembered me! (and kind of flattered).Anyway Joe's pizza is NY pizza. Thing crust, shiny, a little drippy. I had it yet again tonight after Papa John's informed me they no longer deliver to my zip code (85250). Then I remembered Joe's delivered and the day (but sadly, not ALDS Game 5 at this point) was saved.Just what I wanted--pizza, Joe's fantastic garlic knots, and the best house chopped salad anywhere. Delivered, no charge.
4	Joe's New York Pizza is great. The menu is really good and authentic. It is great if you go clubbing in scottsdale and then get hungry! The pizza and pasta dishes are my favorite!
4	These guys know pizza. There are a few pizza options in Old Town but I would walk out of my way to go here. It's your standard fold in half and drip the grease into your mouth pizza, but that's exactly what I went when I come here and they always come through. Great for a quick lunch if your work in the area. Also it's another great end of the night meal if your at the bars/clubs in Old Town, there is usually a lot of people when the clubs close but guys it gives you one last shot to spit game when you failed all night on the dance floor.
3	It was 2:30 a.m. and I had the most excellent idea to order pizza for everyone after partying the night away for NYE.Being not from Scottsdale, I had no idea where to find pizza in the area so I went to my trusty Yelp app and found Joe's New York Pizza. They were open till 3 a.m. and it was 2:30 a.m...score! They also delivered...score! So I ordered three larger pepperoni pizzas for our gang and said they would be there in about 45 minutes. No biggie!The pizzas arrived before we knew it and we quickly devoured them. It's definitely not the best pizza I've ever had but it did the job and soaked up all that alcohol, haha. It was pretty expensive for pizza but I wasn't going to complain about that, we were hungry!Thanks for dealing with a bunch of drunkies at 2:30 a.m. Joe's NY Pizza...much appreciated!
5	I've been looking for a place with pizza like this for a while now. I can't stop thinking about it! Unfortunately they are way out of the way for me but it's definitely worth the trip. Highly recommended.
3	The pizza here is good after a drunken night out in old town. It's just a bit greasy.
4	This is THE best place for late night eats in the Old Town area of Scottsdale. Forget that phony cheesesteak place up the road. Joe's is where it's at! They are a true NY style thin crust pizza. Very delicious and many options for slices late at night as the bars are letting out. The lady that runs the place during those late night hours isn't the friendliest, but I wouldn't be either when I'm trying to get drunk assholes in and out as quickly as possible. Great pizza, good scene, great...pizza.
5	If you are from  NY  and love NY style pizza this is hands down the best place! I'm from the NYC area and live off of pizza. This place gets five stars  for the quality of their food. It is just a bonus that it is open late night as well. The owner is amazing and takes care of everyone that comes in. I feel like family here!
3	The pizza was OK. Middle of the road for New York pizza
3	A-OK pizza. Especially when it's 2:30am and you really want something to eat. J and I have ended up here on many a night after bar hopping/clubbing. The pizza to me is really only so-so, but when all you want is some kind of delicious greasy feast, this place will seem like the best pizza you've ever eaten. Especially if you completely cover it in red pepper flakes and parmesan like I do.There line is huge once all the bars/clubs start to close. But the service here is pretty speedy, so don't despair too much. You'll be enjoying that folded slice of delicious greasy NY pizza in no time!
2	I got the Chicken Parm delivered. It wasn't so hot.
5	Oh my! This pizza is addictive. I absolutely love it. There is no pizza in Scottsdale other than Streets of New York that compares. I've got my son hooked on it too. He always asks to make a special trip over to get a few slices. The eating area is serviceable and fairly clean, with a good view out of the window. Sports usually on TV, which fits. The place is filled with NYC memorabilia from various teams. The woman who runs it seems like a typical no-nonsense New Yorker, so if that's not your style, fa-get-bout-it! Go somewhere else.The pizza is incredible and it is consistent in its recipe. Very important! And yes, they do stay open late. Some have complained about the different prices from regular hours compared to midnight and beyond. To me, it makes sense. If people want to eat pizza at 2:30 am, be prepared to pay a lot more for it. Its the big-city way. Someones gotta pay for the employees to hang around all night.In short, get yourself over to Joe's Pizza. Try it plain or Hawaiian style. This is REAL New York Style pizza all the way.
5	Without a doubt this is the best pizza Scottsdale can offer! My husband and I always stop by after we go out or get it delivered - either way you'll get a perfect New York style slice. Plain cheese is my favorite.
5	This is one of te best Pizza places in the Valley, authentic with a choice of Sicilian pizza, not easy to find.
5	One of the BEST places to get real pizza & the Sicilian pizza is to die for.  What's missing? Real N.Y. Italian Ices & I don't mean gelato!,,,,,
4	Nice people.  Good service.  Fair prices.
4	Joe's New York is one of the best pizza joints open late night in Old Town. My favorite go-to slice is the delicious white pizza with spinach and tomato! Yummy yummy for my tummy! After 2 a.m. there is a line, but it is well worth the wait and the staff is pretty great at getting all the drunkies orders in and out in impressive speed. The thin crust style is amazing and consistent with each pie. One can purchase slices or whole pies to enjoy in the compact seating area big enough for about 20 or so patrons or one can opt to find a spot outside on the curb or the short, random wall next to the store. I've never been here before 1 A.M., but apparently they are open for lunch and offer a variety of different Italian comfort foods then.Besides the entertaining hot messes after 2 A.M. Joe's also offers: an ATM Machine, tiny cups for water, fifty cent fee for using cards, and grease, lots and lots of grease! Stumble on over the next time you need some food to help curb your hangover!
3	One of my favorite places, open until 4 am good food always on time and great staff... #1 with the Days Inn
4	Found these guys here on yelp ordered a cheese pizza (delivered). They had a special with chicken wings, so I said "what the heck, I'll get those too". I got the hot wings...they were ok.  I wouldn't say they were ridiculously hot just hot enough to make you wanna drink beer.  And that was fine...The pizza however was amazing! I was pleasantly surprised to know that somebody in Phoenix actually knows how to make pizza!!  I would definitely have the cheese pizza again.  The crust was perfect.and the cheese was tasty.
4	A great New York style pizza that's great for delivery. This is where I order from when I'm in the mood for New York style. Keep up the great work.
3	It's decent.  We had thin crust.  I'm not sure if there were any other types of crust.  It's cheap at $3 a slice.  It's pretty small inside and usually there's a line out the door.  However, the line goes fast.
3	While I disagree w/ Paul that this is THE best place for late night eats in Scootsdale( Im a long time Gus' fan) I will say that it is a GOOD place for late night eats if youre in that area. Our pizza was good, and thankfully, we got there just before the 2am rush. We'd go again if we were w/ people that wanted to.
5	Best NY style pizza you can get in the area.  Whether it's late night, or delivery, you're going to get delicious pizza, crispy but not floppy crust, and a mouthful of gooey cheese that sits well, is flavorful and doesn't drip.  People write a lot about how it's too greasy, etc etc, if that turns you off, then just go to Crust or something!  I think people who enjoy Joe's know what they're getting and are big fans of it.  Get some!!
4	Back again.  Great pizza.  I'm getting addicted to the meatball pizza.Had the chop salad last night.  Really good.
3	To be fair, I haven't had the pizza. Considering that "Pizza" is in the name, I should probably try it one of these days.I have had the chicken roll, the philly cheese steak, and the cheese fries. Their fries are a little bizarre because they are very much homemade (big thick potato wedges that are soft and soggy, not crispy) and covered in cheese slices. I love that they deliver late. The food so far has always been good enough for late night eating.Short list this place if you're in the delivery area in case you find yourself up late and craving pizza and subs!
4	Stopped in here with two of my friends and we decided to share a slice before we went to one of the local clubs.  We wanted to avoid having a food baby, which is why we shared.  We had the pepperoni and jalapeno slice.  I'm not crazy about anything too spicy so I removed the slices of jalapenos....my mouth and my lips were still on fire!  Don't get me wrong, I still liked it, but just make sure you have something to drink with you if you order what I ordered.
3	I'm a NY'er and long time Joe's fan as it is the only place in town with a decent slice.  I must say that lately the quality has been declining.  Not enough sauce on the pies, bad tomatoes in the salad and even some bad entrees lately.  I just hope that someone over there reads these reviews and gets things back to how they used to be as this place has great potential.
4	This place looks like a dive, but just by the crowd/parking, it's obvious it's a popular place. It's always been a busy late night when I'm there. Sometimes I have to park a block or two away - a fact to note if you aren't fond of walking. Also, seating is so limited that you may be required to take your food to go. Even if you manage to find an empty chair, after 9pm, the noise level rises according to how many club-and-bar-goers have gotten hungry.The pizza isn't the cheapest, but the portions are equal parts huge and delicious. Expect an unhealthy and indulgent serving with even two slices. The staff is far from friendly, but they get their job done fast and efficiently.
5	Still my fav! Drive 15 miles when I go just for a slice!
1	Joes New York Pizza was great the last time we ordered. The pizza was hot and fresh and tasted incredible. We had hoped that this time would be similar. Unfortunately, we called up for delivery and were told that it would be 45 minutes for a Grandma Pizza, garlic bread and a Caesar salad. The food was delivered after 1 hour and 45 minutes. We called them multiple times and were told that it would be "just a few minutes". Finally on the third call we asked for a refund and were told that they couldn't do refunds unless the manager was there. Apparently the ONLY manager was on vacation for a week. I have NEVER heard of any restaurant with only one person who has the ability to provide refunds. They did issue a credit for a free pizza. We were also told that even if they did do a refund it would be for the pizza only. Apparently they don't do complete refunds, which makes 0 sense. When the pizza did arrive, it was cold and the box was smashed. The garlic bread was bland and cold. The Caesar salad was soggy, and you could tell they had packaged it 45 minutes ago. This place has promise, but I will only give them one more shot before I write them off. I hope that their management reads this, and changes are enacted.
2	Ok, so I've only been there when I'm hammered.  So sue me.  When I have gone to Joe's, it is VERY late night as the various clubs near Shoeman/Scottsdale begin to wind down, and this place has a huge line out the door every time.  The pizza, which is sold by the HUGE slice, is simply acceptable - not special, not delectable, not even excellent.....just acceptable.  For me, pizza starts with a great cheese, and the cheese here just seems so....bashas-like and ordinary, without that quality mouthfeel you get from cheese at places like Street of New York.    Of course, when you're binging after six drinks, "acceptable" has a funny way of becoming "I must have it right now."  So I'm sure I'll go there in the future, but my expectations will be well calibrated -- This is drinking food, placed smack dab in a location that caters directly to people that have been drinking.Buzzed or not, that long line can sure be annoying.....
4	My office ordered three 20" pizzas, a Stromboli, and cannolis for lunch today. This was our first time ever trying Joe's.Of the six picky eaters in the office, everyone liked the food. The pizzas are huge with thin, slightly chewy crust, plentiful toppings, and just the right amount of grease. I didn't try the Stromboli personally, but my boss who is born-and-raised New Yorker said it was the best Stromboli she's had in Arizona so that is saying something.The canolis were very tasty - not too sweet and small enough that you can eat one without feeling terribly guilty.This is definitely a place we will be getting delivery from again.
1	Ordered a meatball sandwich with french fries for delivery; couldn't be more disappointed. The sandwich was soggy to the point the bread had disintegrated into mulch. Did they soak this thing in a bathtub for a few hours before delivering it? The fries tasted as though they'd been left to sit for much longer than they should have, and were also very soggy--my guess is that they sat in a pool of grease all night. I won't order from here again, and I recommend you don't either.
4	No matter how snobby you think old-town Scottsdale socialites can be, the truth is they like to get hammered and stuff their faces just like us real human beings. In the indiscriminate hours of 2-4 am, you can dine by the slice, or if you gotta have it fresh like yours truly then reject the premade meal and get yours made-to-order.$20 for an 18" with two toppings is a bit pricey by some standards, but after shooting Patron all night like a rich bitch I could overlook it. They're busting out the dough and making my pie FRESH in the middle of the night, so tip them well. Crust is legit, cheese is REAL, stringy mozzarella. Staff is kind and quick; the manager keeps the young guys running around, working hard. This pizza is quality hangover protection.
4	Love it!! Only thing is just go in for a slice because delivery and tax ends up being so expensive.
2	Not the best place. Sure, it's good for a quick bite for those who aren't too selective, but you can find much better pizza elsewhere. The pizza just isn't that impressive. Too greasy, and pretty bland, to be honest. It wasn't terrible, but I regretted ordering from this restaurant.
4	My husband had been bugging me to check this place out with him... his new favorite pizza place. Why does he like it so? Well, it's the huge foldable greasy pizza slices of course. I also enjoyed the pizza, great flavors in the sauce and good toppings however I'm more of a crispy crust type of gal. This place is good for a quick lunch. They have several pre-made pizza's to choose from behind the counter... pick out your slices and then they add them to their ovens to warm and crisp them up a bit. It's affordable as well and very much a mom & pop type of place so if you like to support locally owned businesses give this place a try.
5	The perfect place to go after a night of drinking!
1	HORRIBLE! I placed an order online last night, it said it would arrive at 1:25. I called them at 1:40 and they said it was on its way. I called again at 2:15 and they hung up on me, then stopped answering my calls entirely. When I called from a different number, the man who answered the phone sounded drunk and could not give me any definite answer about the status of my order, after wasting my time he said he couldn't find the order and then hung up on me. After calling AGAIN at 2:40 they said that the order has JUST printed. I asked if they would comp it for me and they said no but said they could give me some free food, so I asked for a free pizza. When the order finally arrived over 2 hours after I ordered it the driver didn't even ask for a signature, and I got no receipt. The "free pizza" was 3 nasty slices they just threw into a box. I was so unsatisfied, I would have cancelled my order from the beginning but since I placed it online it had already ran my card and they refused remove the charge. I will NEVER give this place my business again! I understand deliveries take longer but the amount of time I had to wait was insane, especially since they could not clarify the problem. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE THEY SUCK!
5	My favorite Phoenix pizza joint! Wonderful service! The woman who generally answers the phone is so polite and friendly. On top of that, the delivery guys are always friendly too. The last time I ordered, I was pulling an all-nighter to finish a final and it was 2:30AM. Between the time I ordered and the delivery, it started pouring rain, and the delivery guy was 10 minutes later than they quoted me. I didn't even mention it, but he apologized anyway and was extremely thankful and friendly. The pizza is SERIOUSLY good! I love thin crust, New York style pizza and this place truly gets the job done! Delivery is always fast and customer service is excellent. They're open late and they're always appreciative of your patronage.After trying a gazillion pizza places in Phoenix/Scottsdale, I finally found the place and I will not order from anywhere else. If you normally order from Gus's, give Joe's a shot and I bet you won't go back.TIP: Pizza is excellent, but if you're in the mood for something else, try the Penne and Broccoli with chicken. It's really good. Don't expect fancy Italian restaurant quality, but it's still a damn good meal.TIP#2: The Garlic Knotts are SUPER Garlic-y. If you're not a fan of TONS of garlic, ask them to go light on it. I can't stand too much garlic, but my boyfriend loves it and is now addicted to these. Seriously - expect to be chewing on pieces of garlic. I'm not complaining though - they're still really good :)
5	Great Pizza.  As a New Yorker who has tried many places over the years that CLAIM to be real New York Pizza, this place is true New York Pizza.  You know a place is successful when another pizza place ( Gus's pizza ) moves in across the street trying to ride Joes coat tails..   As a foodie, I know Joes uses the high quality cheese, that is one thing that I have noticed many places fail on using with New York Pizza.
1	That was a complete waste of money.. The cheese steak was cut up roast beef lunch meat.. I ate one bite and wanted to vomit.. The fries were coated in oil with no flavor.. My boyfriend got an eggplant sandwich and ate 4 bites and threw it away.. Dont waste you money and dont wonder if you will be sick.
1	This place sucks.  Ordered the simplest thing, an 18 inch with mushroom and pepperoni.  When calling to place the order, they asked cash or credit, and we said cash. After over an hour, this smug delivery guy shows up and asks for 21.50.  All I had were two 20s - and he only had 6 dollars in change!  He didn't even apologize or try to fix the problem, just gave me a smug look and took 34 dollars for a 21 dollar order!  Real classy.And the pizza was cold, greasy, and generally quite awful.  Super stingy with toppings.  Avoid this place at all costs.  An absolute rip-off that makes a sucky pizza.
1	Took forever, was soo dirty inside, and was the worst food I've ever had.  Walk next door to Gus's
5	Wow, this pizza was amazing. I was in town (from NY) and needed something for myself and my girlfriend to eat late at night. Man, this pizza was spot on NY style. The best pizza I have had outside of NY. If you are hungry at any time of day, go here. Try the Hawaiian pizza because that was unbelievable!
1	I really hesitate to say anything about pizza. I love pizza. But I officially hate Joes. Last time I ordered here with my debit card, the next day my debit card number was stolen and used to buy prepaid phone cards. I should have learned my lesson, but last week I was just craving pizza. Now, I was checking my credit card statement, and I noticed that last week, they double charged my card once for the price of the pizza and again for the price plus what I tipped. Unless you have cash, don't order unless you're ready for some shady stuff to occur.
1	this place is creepy.  there was a cop standing around patrolling all the pizza eaters last Saturday.  what kind of restaurant has police officers parading around to intimidate its patrons?  Hire private security like every other establishment.  Seriously a cop at 2 in the morning at a pizza place on a Saturday.  No thanks.
5	Fugeddaboudit!!!!  This is the best slice of New York Pizza you can find outside of New York.  It's small and off the beaten path but the GREAT Pizza keeps me going back.  They have a lot of things to order other than pizza but I've only tried the pizza.  Once I find something I like, I stick with it.  Give it a try you'll be glad you did :)
3	5 stars for New York style pizza1 star for SicilianI have lived in Old Town for almost 2 years and have been on a mission to find good pizza.  I discovered Joe's a couple of months ago when a friend had ordered it, and I loved it!  It was the New York style pizza, and it was perfect for me-- just greasy enough, lots of cheese, not too much sauce.  The last 2 times I've ordered, I've eaten an entire 18' pizza with only one other person!  BUT...last night my bf and I made the mistake of ordering the Sicilian pizza.  He and I both loved the Sicilan pizza at a place called Jet's pizza prior to moving to Scottsdale, which doesn't have a Jet's.  The Sicilian at Joe's is nothing like Jet's, unfortunately.  It is all crust.  I like thick crust when it's good, but this was just dry, bland, and seriously at least an inch thick.  There was not much cheese or sauce, and, even if there had been, it would still have been overpowered by the crust.  I even tried dipping in ranch, and, still, all I got was crust.  What made it worse was that the Sicilian only came in one size-- 18 x 12!  So, we paid almost $30 for one pizza and just ended up throwing away most of it.  I will keep ordering from Joe's, but, from now on, I'll stick with the New York style pizza.
5	This is the BEST pizza in the state!  Hands down! I am originally from New York and I have not found good pizza until I came here.  Even when my friends come with me.  They too agree that the pizza is fantastic.  This includes my friends that visit me from New York.  If you are looking for some good pizza, check out Joe's in Oldtown.  Glen
3	The Short:A mirage of legitimate New York pizza hanging around the middle of the dessert. The Pros:- Affordable!- Open late (4 a.m.)!- Beer delivery!- Decent menu options.- Greasy pepperoni (for those that like that kind of thing). The Cons:- Staff can be hit or miss (night staff much better than day).- Pizza is pretty bland beyond the scrum-diddly-umptious pepperoni grease. - Uses McDonald's grade ingredients. - Some items, such as garlic knots, have a tendency to be undercooked. Best Item(s):- Pepperoni pizza.- Spaghetti w/ meat sauce.Stay Away From:- Garlic knots.- All veggie pizzas.- The restroom! I now suffer from PTRSD (post-traumatic restroom stress disorder). __________________________________________The Story: When reviewing a restaurant it's essential to consider the type of establishment it is trying to be. What is their overall game plan? What are they trying to sell you? For example, you wouldn't give Dicks Last Resort a negative grade for customer service. The staff treating you like the butt of an Archie Bunker joke is kind of their thing.So with that in mind, I approached Joe's New York Pizza after a night of debauchery and loud music in Old Town Scottsdale. I ordered a pepperoni pizza and garlic knots, had a pleasant conversation with the staff, and walked back to my hotel to enjoy my post concert nourishment. The inside of Joe's was pretty standard for a late night eatery. Everything looked like it was a heart attack waiting to happen and the surroundings weren't particularly clean or dirty. That offbeat middle point that only a place open at 2 a.m. is able to find. Back in the hotel, I was astonished how amazing the pizza tasted. It was about 70 percent grease, but that grease was the most delicious substance I have ever had. I would have free-based it if such a thing were possible. The same could not be said about the garlic knots. They had the flavor of a week old pretzel pulled out of the mall dumpster. Two bites were enough.The next morning I decided to give Joe's another visit. It was at this point I realized how much the loud music had affected my judgment the night before. The entire place was dirty (all of the tables needed whipped down and I'm fairly certain the Custer's Last Stand had just occurred in the bathroom). An eclectic mix of individuals, who matched the emotional level of a Nine Inch Nails crowd in the early '90s, replaced the once exuberant staff. The pizza grease still tasted like a solid brick of pepperoni, which is a good thing, but the cheese was beyond inedible. It was a night and day difference (get it). I am very confident that the night staff was a sociable as I remember, but nothing else matched the enchantment of my first time there. It makes sense though. Awards for being 'the best cheap place to eat' were hung on every wall in the dinning room and precisely define the restaurant. It's the McDonalds of late night pizza. The problem is, I can eat McDonald's fries anytime. I know they're the potato version of plastic surgery, but they still have a taste that almost anyone can enjoy. That's their one item. For Burger King it's the Whooper. Joe's doesn't have this. Their pizza hasn't hit that pinnacle yet. My guess, using a cheese that doesn't make me want to set my tongue on fire would fix the problem. Joe's is likely satisfied with their place in the culinary world. Inebriated customers rarely complain and usually tip pretty well. I expect this place to stay three stars for a long loooong time.
1	Ordered so much food to be delivered.  It was my sons birthday.Cheese fries ....gross.  Chicken fingers no flavor.   Pan pizza .....so much dough and sick flavor....threw it away.  I don't think I would give it to a dog.  Chicken Caesar salad....yuck.Sandwich....horrible.  Subway is much better.  Nothing good to say and spent over 60.00 feel burned.I will not be returning...to bad because they are close to my home.
5	I've had the pizza at Joe's which is good, I enjoyed it.  But what I'll be coming back for is their Eggplant Parmigiana Hero!  OH MY GOSH it is the best!  I used to go to another restaurant to get this type of sandwich, but all of a sudden they stopped carrying it and said they never did, so it was something similar to a miracle that I found Joe's and they make it to absolute perfection!  And they deliver. that's always an extra bonus!
5	For a late night drunk crowd, Joes deserves a shout out! Fast awesome service every Time after old town bars.Security on busy nightsExcellent pizzaGood pricesI love Joe's. If you live in the area, I highly recommend at any hour!Inside seating always accommodating even of line is intimidating.I look forward to Joes pizza every time after a night out in Old Town Scottsdale.Hot fresh slices!!!NY STYLE
1	I can't find a single good thing about the this establishment or their so-called "pizza"... First, the website did not work and after wasting too much time there and finally calling, they would not honor the prices quoted on the website. Second, the prices were way too much to begin with, nevermind when you call. Third, the pizza arrived very late and I was starving so I begrudgingly accepted... And regretted it. Fourth, it tasted like a foot wrapped in a cardboard. I'm no pizza snob, and I hate this place and the pizza. Do yourself a favor and eat the drywall instead.
5	The guy ordering take out was soooooo nice! The calzones are fantastic! And HUGE! If u order it take out ask for a lot of extra sauce! They only gave one little thing of marinara. The Greek salad is delicious too!
4	I work in Old Town Scottsdale and we order pizza from Joe's probably more than we really should.  I'm pretty sure no one truly needs that much pizza.  Joe's takes great care of us, however, which is why we keep ordering more and more pizza.  They have true NY style pizza, dripping with grease and deliciousness.  I don't ever want to know how many calories are in one of their pizzas!  If you're looking for a snooty upscale pizza place, this is not the place for you.  If you're looking for some pretty awesome pizza delivered on time, call Joe's!
5	Great New York style pizzas...they have chicken and sausage rolls too... Rarely see that around here
3	I am only giving this place 3 stars because they deliver until 4am.I recently visited Arizona from Hawaii for a work conference. My flight from Hawaii got in at midnight, which got me to my hotel at around 2am, I was pretty hungry and with the time difference couldn't sleep, so I wanted food and couldn't find anything open.The hotel recommended this place, so I called them. Sure enough, they were open. My cell phone had AWFUL reception, so I ended up ordering a whole pizza and some wings instead of a slice of pizza...but they DO take orders of pizza by the slice.The food was delivered in a reasonable amount of time, and the pizza was meh. Oily, crust wasn't very good, I mean..really just a meh pizza.The wings were pretty decent though, especially for a pizza place, so I was happy. I ended up throwing out most of the pizza as it was MASSIVE and wouldn't fit in the hotel fridge.So pizza:  Quantity over quality. You will get a BIG pizza for a good priceOn my last night there, I wanted food again, so I ordered some wings and this time gotten a chicken parm hero. Delivery took a long time and they forgot my sandwich. They then came back with my sandwich and it was again, meh. Way under seasoned, and just not that good. Again, it was big, so quantity over quality.
1	Check them out on Ch 5's Dirty Dining 11/7/13. You be the judge.
5	YES YES! NY Pizza for sure!Upon entering I was greeted by a very nice straight forward lady. I made it known that i was visiting from NYC and i heard great things about this place and she said (very confidently) you heard right and you wont be dissapointed. Oh boy was she right! One bite and i was back in Manhattan! Too bad i been eating out of the other "NY" places around here this whole time :(. So good! I wish you guys the best! So mad I only ordered 2 slices.
4	I'm giving Joe's four stars but that may be a bit a generous. I just feel like three is a little low but my experience was more like a 3.5. Allow me to explain.My boyfriend and I stopped by Joe's with our friends after going to the nearby bar. We picked up a slice of cheese and a slice of margherita pizza to go. Everything seemed fine until we got home and looked more closely at the margherita pizza. We're pretty sure that instead of basil, it had spinach on it. I've never had a margherita pizza with spinach instead of basil so we're wondering if it was a mistake. I suppose the two green leaves look somewhat similar. And I'm assuming it was supposed to be margherita pizza. That's what we ordered and no one corrected us.Aside from that misstep, everything else was good. The cheese pizza was delicious, especially topped with a bit of parmesan cheese and garlic. If only we had only gotten the cheese, this may have been a five star stop.
3	I am a fan of the gluten free pizza. We had it delivered and they were on time. They do a really good job of this. I only said O.K. for this review as I also order a mixed green salad. It said it had field greens.  Their other selections mention iceberg and anyone that appreciates good salads know that iceberg is cheap and worthless. My salad was delivered with iceberg.  So I hope in any future order they get this right.
4	Never failed to have anything but great food and friendly staff here.  It's not cheap compared to some places but the eats and crew certainly make it a worthwhile splurge now and then.
4	Joe's has excellent food. Previously being from New York I am always looking for good NY pizza and calzones. Their pizza, meatballs, and calzones are great! We have eaten their many times and even had delivery a few times. They are open really late so a 2am pizza can actually happen. It would be great if there was more parking. All in all, great food and we will definitely visit again and again.
5	I'm a New Yorker and it's been hard finding a pizza place that is like home. While it isn't completely NY style pizza it's pretty close.
5	Delivered early and was legit. Thin crust New York style with wings and garlic curls. Service was good and for a great price. Awesome.
3	I'm glad there is a place to get a good slice in this particular part of South Scottsdale. Although the delivery took quite some time , I will say it was worth it and the left overs made a great hungover breakfast.
3	Just had it tonight and it was fairly good pizza, not great though. The slices I got were pepperoni and a chicken alfredo slice (?) but they appeared to have been sitting out for a bit so perhaps if fresh would have been a bit better. Either way a good place to get some fast grub especially if you are out for some drinks. Will review again after a fresh slices.
1	Absolutely terrible, do not order from this place. Worst pizza and longest wait time ever
3	The husband and I went here last night to split a slice after yoga (that makes sense, right?). There is nothing terribly special about this place, just a counter with pizzas where you can pick out a slice, despite this, it was tasty! The crust was thin and crispy, the cheese was melty and gooey, overall it was just a solid slice of New York style pizza. I won't be rushing over here to get a slice, but if I were in the neighborhood, I would stop in again.
4	When I was a kid, I absolutely hated pizza (and donuts, what).  However, somewhere within the last few years, that has completely changed and I will now crawl 3 blocks in the middle of summer, around Club Jersey Shore to get a slice of pizza here.  I've never been to New York but the level of friendless from the staff here is a good indication that this place is probably legit.  That being said, you can guess how great the pizza is if that doesn't deter me from shamelessly shoving two slices down my throat while still sweating from my walk to the restaurant.  Honestly, the pizza is amazing and it doesn't sit like a rock in your stomach after you inhale it (which you will, go for the pepperoni).Plus, I'm serious about Club Jersey Shore, there were less neon shirts in the 90's than the club rats were wearing that gravitated towards this tribute to douchery.  Joe's New York Pizza: Dinner and a Show.
3	Ahh late night pizza wandering in Scottsdale. This was my first try at Joe's since they charge nearly double ($3.50) for a slice than good ole Gus on the opposite corner. The pizza also never looked that great, but after a drinky 4th, I rolled in for an all american pizza meal. I would clearly give the nod to the four buck Sicilian slice I nabbed - a corner slice. The crust was pretty NY thick style for this type and it reheated well. The regular slice was a pepperoni and mushroom deal that actually was easily foldable and had a bit of grease, but no oregano. Overall, after a few drinks, now there will be some competition for my pizza money, but probably go with regular slices at the other corner.
3	It was ok. The pizza was good and "foldable"". Garlic knots were dry with no garlic - really disappointed in those. Unfortunately I have nothing fantastic, witty or biting to report. Very middle of the road.
3	Been ordering Joe's Pizza for years.  The delivery is anywhere from 25-50 minutes. The pizza is fresh. We order the Italian subs and the dressing/sauce they put on it is fantastic. I usually order it on the side so the bread stays fresh. We are are not a fan of the french fry's or chicken tenders, they usually lack flavor and are soggy.  We order this food after a night in old town or a lazy Friday night. Prices are reasonable.
4	This is a great pizza place to get late night food they are open late every single night whenever I need a late night snake I always end up here definitely like the jalapeno pepperoni by the slice it's good for late night but maybe not the best for daytime
1	DO NOT believe their website. Just ordered delivery from here. The order was not right, called to see if they would fix it, got the third degree about what we ordered, then heard the manager in the background claiming the deal we got did not exist. We were not concerned about money, or the "deal"  just wanted to get what we thought we paid for! Obviously customer service is not the priority and they are only concerned about the bottom line. Very disappointing.
3	This place has decent pizza but it is REALLY greasy.  I always have to dab the grease off before I eat it.  I order cheese most of the time, I ordered onion and green peppers once and the pizza came... It looked like an onion festival was underway... I could see a few green peppers and barely any cheese due to the enormous amount of onions piled up.  I was not happy.  I called next time and asked if they could do a third of the normal toppings, told the lady on the phone my onion story to explain, she proceeded to laugh at me and say "That was me! I looovvvveee onions! Hahaha!" Really?? She didn't even offer to give me a free topping or anything.  It was odd.  Other than that for delivery they are very fast, and stay open the latest in the area.  The chocolate cake is disappointing.  It is that same frozen layer cake I used to thaw out when I was a server at a spot in college.  I usually order it and microwave it for a bit then eat it, much better that way!  Really if this place used better quality ingredients and fresh vs. frozen items they would be 5 star....  Don't order the cheese sticks, they are not pizza style, they are fried mozzarella and gross by the time you get them.  Hell, those things are only good fresh out of the frier anyway...go with the garlic bread, it's solid.
1	Called in to order @ 1:50 am just before the bars closed. Trying to beat the late night rush. I was told 45 min. Its now 3:32 am over and hour and a half later still no pizza. What could have made it take more than 2 times as long? My answer is not my problem.  I Canceled the order.
4	Probably worthy of a four star rating if you order the whole sicilian pie. The delivery took only about 35 minutes on a Sunday night ($3.50 delivery charge) and it was a $15 minimum charge. The large (14") square pie is only $14 and one topping is $2.50, so you can get delivery for under 20 bucks minus tip. Anyway, the pizza is huge and this version is more light than normal NY sicilian, which isn't a bad thing. It is a great balance of sauce and real cheese and two slices should fill you up with about 10 leftovers slices, even with two people eating. If you have the time for a whole pie, then skip the slices and get more bang for your buck.
5	Pizza is okay but the people that work there are awesome. They are always friendly, the lady boss says hi to me every time I go in. The pizza could be less greasy.
5	Joes never fails when you are getting off work late at night and need a slice! And they always give a discount if you work at one of the clubs nearby.
4	Always a good call whether your out hitting the bars or ordering in to watch the game. It's good, quality, BIG pizza for a fair price.
3	Pizza was greasy & good for a 2 AM order of pie. Unfortunately, they took an HOUR AND THIRTY MINUTES to deliver to my hotel room. I'm sure I had called during primetime, I get they have drunkies to attend to.. But they told me I would only have to wait 45 minutes, and 90 minutes later I was practically asleep.
5	First off, the place gets five for the pizza alone. Haven't tried anything else. The slices are the best I've ever had. The crust is perfect and so is the sauce. If there is a downside, it's the dining area. It's small and not very inviting. 90% of the time I get it to go and eat it in the car.
4	Great drunchie spot. Better pizza than Gus', but also longer line, typically.
5	Best ever!  Not only do they serve the best authentic New York style pizza but their spaghetti and meatballs and eggplant parmigiana are just like my Italian grandmother used to make.  Worth the wait if there is one!
1	Customer service means a lot and Joes does not have it. Found Joes by accident and it looked inviting from the outside. They make their money off serving the after clubbing drunk crowd who just want the closest food. Someone needs to tell the counter employees to treat people who come in there on a Wednesday afternoon with appreciation & respect.  A strange non-feature is that there's no iced tea. No sweet, unsweet brewed, or fountain tea. Also not a large selection of fountain drinks and one of the flavors was not working.  The veggie sandwich was really good (see pic.) Thats the only positive thing I can say about Joes.  Got an order of cheese fries and they were disgusting! The fries were soggy with no seasoning. Don't know what kind of cheese was melted on them but it wasn't good either (see pic) The only reason I didn't try the pizza was that it had flies all over all the pizzas and the employees clearly didn't care. Since they leave the doors open the small, crowded restaurant has many flies all over you food.  Even after the next time I leave the club in search of munchies one night I will NOT be going to Joes.
5	Joe's of New York rocks!! They donated all the food for spaghetti dinner and were absolutely the most amazing catering team I have worked with!!  Please... as the co-chair of the event that served 470 people!!!..... We can't thank you enough.....Delizioso!  Thanks Joe's-- Laurie you and your team are "A" number 1, king of the hill, New York....... New York!!!!!....... Grazie from Our Lady of Perpetual Help's Family Activities Team!!Can you say.... Yum!!!!!!!!! And don't even get us started on the pizza!
2	After a disappointing and failed attempt to find Mexican food in Scottsdale, my friend and I ended up ordering online from Joe's. It was probably one of the worst pepperoni pizzas I have ever eaten in my life. Cardboard "deep dish" crust, flavourless sauce, watery cheese - it tasted worse than frozen pizza. I would not order from here in the future.
2	Not happy with you joes. Don't bring correct order and don't offer to correct mistake.
5	Best new york style in scottsdale and always my goto place for the price. Will soon check out the other food on the menu
3	Daytime visit - slices were fairly good.  Good cheese, base crust ok, though the crust at the end was nice and airy with good chewy inside and good crunch outside.  Two cheese slices and a drink was a little high for $8 but it's not a cheap area.  Seating was extremely limited, mostly community seating in fact, and tables not cleaned.   Parking was somewhat challenging on the street.  Would only go here again if it was an off hour, perhaps right at open or after lunch rush.
2	I was really blown away by how bad this pizza experience was... It was room temp and basically a bucket of grease. Wow.
5	I've been spoiled with pizza on the east coast, and this is the only place I can go for my fix now. Joe's is that perfect slice no matter how early you stop in or how drunk you are at night. I always get my slices "well done" to ensure crispness. Amazing pizza and everything else on the menu holds up.
1	Apparently even if you are a board certified physician you get treated like an uneducated thug if you are a minority here.... Completely terrible service. Just because it's late and the majority of people are drunk is not an excuse to treat people like the S word....
3	We arrived at Scottsdale resort and conference center after midnight starving after traveling cross country.  This place is open until 4am and delivered a nice large thin crust sausage pizza with extra cheese in about 30 min.  Considering that this is not NYC or Chicago, the pizza was very satisfying and reasonably priced.  Tasty thin crust pizza from a delivery place that opens very late to satisfy post midnight cravings.  Hit the spot.  Would order again. Not gourmet or artisanal pizza but very tasty and satisfying.  Much better than dominos or papa johns or similar chains.  Would give 3.5 stars for late night/early morning opening and delivery.
5	OMG. Hands down the BEST New York style pizza in the valley! I drive down from North Scottsdale just to get a slice from time to time. It tastes even more amazing after a night at the Maya. Wow, just wow. My mouth is salivating as I am writing this review!!!!! The sauce is garlicky (which I LOVE!) and it folds perfectly in your mouth. A little on the greasy side (your stomach may be mad at you later), but I don't care. Tastes so good going down it's worth it. Thanks Joe's for fulfilling my NY pizza cravings!
