4	I looooooooove Marathon.  They have the yummiest souvlaki.  I love the vegetarian pita with the round fries and the salad.  The salad has the most amazing dressing.  There are a few locations and they are all great.  The one in Laval is the first one I ever went to and I absolutely loved it.  There are literally days where I crave marathon and have to have it or I will be grumpy.  Love this place!
4	Marathon's is a great family restaurant. The food and portion sizes are satisfying. The staff is pleasant. The food is great. It's a quick bite, as well as a nice sit down. I recommended any of the franchises. Try the Chicken or pork Souvlaki !
3	Fantastic value!Portion sizes are quite generous.  Food is pretty good as well.  Decor is like a perkins/ applebees.  Service is friendly.  Not the best middle eastern restaurant I've visited but I can understand why it may be popular.  Its very "easy".  Easily located, easy parking, easy menu, easy atmosphere (very kid and family friendly), and easy on the wallet.What I really liked about this place was that I was given the option of "a little bit of both" instead of only rice or only fries as my side.
4	Marathon Souvlaki seems to be a locally owned souvlaki restaurant with only a few locations.  This Marathon is located in a shopping center near the Montreal hippodrome, among a Baton Rouge, Roots and Stitches...off of Decarie.The food is a good value.  They have options of chicken or pork souvlaki, gyros, doner meat, etc. You can get one or two of each, or a combination plate with your choice of two items from a series of selections.  Along with your meat choice, you have the option of rice or fries and a greek or marathon salad.  They also have merguez sausages and calamari available.  The portions are large, and the average price is $15 per person.  Along with your meal, you will get free garlic bread.Every time we go, the service is nice (for Montreal).  My only complaint is that they don't come around enough to offer refills on water.If you are in the area and hungry, or if you are looking for a good souvlaki restaurant, you need to go here, it's really good!
3	Surprisingly nice place for a chain! Not a taste twister, but definitely decent drop-in location if you are hungry.Friendly, quick and useful service. They even speak English and are not pissed if you do - a huge bonus around Montreal area.The food was very good! Big portions, excellent quality. Not a high-end restaurant level with custom food, but something absolutely decent and eatable.Overall, I would compare Marathon to a Red Lobster in its better days. Type of food is different, but you know what I mean. :-)
5	I've been eating here for 20 years now. And the biggest compliment that I can them is that the food is incredibly consistent. There's never a surprise. You get what you expect every single time. Best souvlaki in the montreal area. Don't let the amateurs tell you differently. You can take your Marvins, Village Grec, and Arahova and stick em where the sun don't shine because that's where they belong.
4	The place was packed. Service was okay
2	Marathon's is a expensive restaurant compared to casa grecque. The food is good but not worth the price. The restaurant was packed and I was elbow to elbow with the guy at the next table.The service was slow, and the waiter gave me the wrong dish which was for the other table...
4	When I think of Marathon, I think "simple, done right." Marathon sees no need to be fancy, but they do the basics really well. I NEVER expected that Marathon (this location and the one at the 40 and Sources) would be staples on my restaurant list. When I want no-nonsense Greek style food that I know will be prepared well, I don't have to think very long (and I'm not the most decisive person when it comes to choosing a restaurant.)2 chicken sticks with half-and-half rice and fries and a side of greek salad with marathon dressing. Sounds really plain but tastes delicious. And my plate is cleaned - spotless - every time. It's just good food. Consistently. Go now. You'll be glad you did.
1	Expensive with slow service the one in Laval is better I found to much chicken base in the chicken as it was very yellow
4	This is the best restaurant in the immediate area and a pretty good Greek resto overall!
2	I always hear people raving about this place but I was not wowed. Oddly, I like most things on the menu but food was just ok.I really think Marathon's is over hyped.I've been here twice and ordered the chicken brochette plate, called "chicken stick" on their menu, for 11.45$I found the chicken dry and chewy. It was like eating plain chicken breast.I've tried their pitas before and just not a fan of the tzatziki sauce. Overpowering, smelly.Rice is very good, and salad is alright - as another reviewer mentioned, its just iceberg lettuce.The bread basket they serve everyone is trying to pass off as garlic bread, but they use oil, not butter. It's gross.The best thing on my dish was the feta cheese, really.
4	The reviews seem spot on point.  Took a visit here for lunch, although busy we were quickly seated, service was especially prompt and the food was Damned Tasty.  My group ordered the doner (gyros) plate with Marathon Salad, Rice and a side of Tzatziki sauce.  Great portions, good flavor and very authentic.   Maybe I was uber hungry, or easy to please.. but I have to say this was some of the best tasting roasted gyro I've ever had.  As I left, I wondered if they deliver.... to the States?? LOL
4	I would really rate this restaurant a 3.5/5 but I'll kick it up to a 4 since we generally do take-out and don't have to eat there. They have your usual variety of Greek dishes: hot and cold appetizers, souvlaki, and pitas. Depending on my mood I get chicken souvlaki pitas, the fried calamari, or maybe a pikilia plate if I want a bit of this n' that.  It might sound odd, but one of my favorite things there is the taramasalata dip; which is one of the best versions I've had. Otherwise I'd say it's pretty solid fare, I happen to like their tzatziki because it's thicker which suggests it's made with strained Greek yogurt.It's always busy here so even when you phone in ahead of time for take-out you might have to wait a bit to get your order.
5	I wish I could marry a Marathon souvlaki. It's so great here. The food is always tasty and fresh, the Tzatziki is one of the best I have ever had and I think their salad dressing is made with crack (no matter how full you are, you always go back for more). I LOVE this place
3	Ideally situated along one of the city's major north-south arteries, Marathon gets fairly busy on weekday evenings.  The "diner" style interior is old-fashioned without feeling too dated.The menu typically revolves around gyros, chicken and skewered meats, each offered in various formats such as souvlaki, plates and combinations.As expected from a joint that turns tables quickly, the service is efficient and fast, without being pushy.The food at Marathon won't blow your mind, and you shouldn't expect it to.  We come here for a quick, no fuss, affordable dinner that's guaranteed to hit the spot when you're hungry.
5	Marathon is consistent and delicious. I come here with my family every time I'm in Montreal. I always get the double stick dinner and I think the food has actually gotten better overtime. When I was there last, the chicken sticks were noticeably larger. Always stuffed when I leave and am very pleased with the overall food and service.
5	This place is a landmark for a Greek restaurant. Great food, clean, customer oriented management and fast service!
4	Simple, delicious Greek food for a great price. They specialize in typical Greek food (souvlaki, doner), and do it right.Bottom line: if you're looking for some sort of super trendy and modern restaurant, Marathon's isn't it. If you're looking for a casual Greek restaurant that's consistently good, fresh, and fairly priced, then I'd highly recommend paying Marathon a visit.
1	Running out of Gyros on a thursday night ?? really ?? extremely disappointing. we came for their main dish and they ran out of it.
4	First experience was great.It is a franchise --and offers some Greek specialities.Service is present, courteous and fast.i didn't have to request to get something. The waiter on that night was the one requesting me whether I needed something and proceeded to get it done on the go.Food was not bad. The establishment is not cheap --we had enough meat for two for under 30$. For instance , the calamari plate was not the best , but it was good and not oily , this is a big plus as you don't feel completely drained and dead after your meal. The souvlaki pitas had enough meat and plenty of sauce for one to be satisfied. Their fries tasted like potatoes chips cooked in the oven--so goood. As for the Greek salad , wasn't great but it wasn't bad.Anyway , I felt like the reviews for the restaurant did not do justice. Indeed, marathon souvlaki is an excellent restaurant with Greek specialities, if is affordable and you feel like a customer that they want you to come back for another visit , which I personally will.
3	the service here is lighting fast!!!If i grade with service it's 4 stars, but I only do the food so 3 stars.We came, we ordered, we ate, and we left all within 25 minutes!!!The fried calamari is standard taste wise, it hit the spot, except it comes with cocktail sauce and not tartar sauce, and no lemon wedge.The doner pita/gyro. The tzatziki sauce is a bit mild for me i would have liked more salt and tang. The doner meat was very good though fresh and juicy.Definitely recommend this place for a quick eat, there's always a lineup but it moves very fast.very nice I like it very much
