4	My boyfriends parents frequently inhabit many of the local casinos and their restaurants. Since they spend a lot of money and time there they get food money (which comes in the form of $ off coupons in the mail) we all decided to take the very long drive out to Harrahs Ak Chin, for a bit of gambling and to eat some dinner. This was my first time out to this Casino. Which gambling was the last thing on our minds, because the drive was pretty far from Phoenix and it was getting late. We decided to eat at The Range Steakhouse. My first impression of the place was great. Everything was clean, and very classy. This casino I would consider to cater more to elderly, as the atmosphere is definetely not young. But we weren't going here to party, but to share a meal with his folks, and to spend all of our money on the Black Jack tables :) When we were seated our waitress took our drink orders. Everything there is a bit expensive, including the drinks. So I got a water. I took the recommendation from my BF's grandma and ordered the pork spare ribs. With pretty much any meal you get to choose from an array of different sides. I chose a side salad, and something interesting I have never had or heard of before... asparagus fries. It didn't take long for the food to arrive. I didn't want to seem ungrateful, (because of course the meal was being paid for by his parents) but I was disappointed with the spare ribs. The meat was very, very, very, very, tender. To tender for my taste. It was almost mushy. I prefer to chew my food, and not have it just slip down my throat. They were luke warm, there wasn't enough BBQ sauce, and the little sauce they did have was bland, and boring. The house salad was actually pretty good. The croutons were flavorful and soft, the salad has sweet red onions, baby tomatoes, ice berg, romaine, and red cabbage, topped with either italian, vinegarette, or house ranch. I chose the ranch, and it was yum. And last but not least, drum roll please........ The Asparagus Fries!!!!!! These deliteful things were the absolute hi-light of my meal. They were asparagus spears, coated with breading, and fried to a crisp (but not to crunchy) perfection of amazing goodness!!! The asparagus inside was soft and flavorful. And they came with a zesty, lightly spicy, ranch dipping sauce. OH MY GOD!!!! These are probably the best things ever created by man. Take my word for it I am not exaggerating. I will gladly drive the hour and half just to get a taste of these again, any time. Overall my experience was satisfactory. The service was ok, she forgot to bring to our a table a few things here and there, she wasn't the friendliest, but she did her job. I was kind of sad his parents spent almost $20 on ribs that sucked. But I will just keep one thing in mind. The next time I go out to eat with his parents, I won't take reccomendations from grandma...
5	This place over the past few years have had its up and down moments.  When they are down, they constantly strive to make it better!  The chef comes to get feedback at the table.  The management is awesome but there is almost no need for them as the waitstaff pretty much can handle anything on their own.   The steaks are excellent!  Great place for steaks and you can have them cooked a variety of ways.  Desserts need a little help but other than that, this place is a diamond in the rough of the town of Maricopa.  I go there at least once a week as a treat to self.  Corey and Alyssa, you both are AWESOME!
5	We went here in December in hopes of finding a decent steak house in Maricopa.  The steak was delicious and cooked to perfection!
1	We called for a reservation, didn't need one as it was empty.  Got there and we were seated but took forever to get drinks.  Asked for a kids menu and was assured we could have chicken tenders and fries made up easily.  They were served raw in the middle and sent back.   We were still charged $12 (ridiculous for a kid) for the dinner.  Slow service, waitress overwhelmed and drive by check ins by management that felt cursory.  Felt forgotten but the food was good.  I would have gone to Phoenix to a non-casino place if I had known.  We will not be back.
5	I have never seen a perfectly prepared Med 8oz THICK fillet mignon cooked to my wifes needs! She always sends it back to be cooked more! Not this time!! These guys are awesome!!! Really enjoyed the dinner!! AWESOME work Tim!!
4	The food was IN.CRED.ABLE. We had the prime rib and the rib eye with blue cheese crumbles. Both were cooked to perfection and were paired with the best creamy horseradish we have ever had. With two sides per dish, the prices were fairly reasonable. Atmosphere was great The wait to be seated was negligible for the time of day and year. The only thing lacking was the service. It was quite slow especially considering the number of tables our server had. Otherwise, top notch!
1	My husband and I came for the first time last weekend.  My husband was starving and looking forward to a good steak dinner.  He ordered the New York Strip.  It looked great on the outside, it was cooked correctly when he cut it open.  But when he tasted it....terrible.  He gave me a bite and it tasted sour, as if it was turning bad.  I think it should have been thrown away a day or two ago.  My husband refused to tell the waitress but he only ate one bite.  All the steak sauce in the world can't cover up a rancid steak
1	I have been here three different times in the last three months.   The food is continously getting worse and worse.   Head chef doesn't care nor has any answers even when confronted at our table after sending three items back.  I truly wanted to like this place but it's turning into a blue hair paradise.   Bland and put together with no care.  Especially when you're spending high dollars for what we were receiving.   Maricopa needs a true white table restaurant but this steakhouse is sob par.  Rather cook a steak from Bashes or Frys then eat here again.  Server's how ever get 5 stars.
2	We had been here a few times before, as we like to gamble at Harrah's every once in a  while, but it had been a few years since our last visit to eat at the Range.  Decided to go on a Friday evening, play some blackjack, win some money and have a great steak dinner.  Well, none of that really happened since we lost at blackjack (which has nothing to do with this review...in case you're wondering if I'm a bitter loser.  HA!)  and the steak dinner was definitely not great!  Made a resv online for the two of us from the Harrah's site using open table (very easy and good feature).  Had a booth in the back by the kitchen, which was a noisy spot but not too horrible.  Our server Jodi was friendly and very attentive throughout the meal.   We both ordered the 8 oz filet ($36 each - pricey!).  I chose mine with blue cheese crumbles on top and my husband ordered his without any topper.  Hubby got steak fries and mac and cheese as sides.  I chose mushrooms/onions and a loaded baked potato.  To start, I had a spinach salad that had walnuts and bacon in it with some sort of white cheese - delicious - and I think this was probably my favorite part of the meal.  Hubby had a house salad - meh.  The breads are fresh and quite good!Main entrees arrived and server asked us to cut into them right away to be sure they looked ok in terms of how we ordered them (medium and medium "warm").  They were fine.  What wasn't fine was the taste of the filets!  I'm not sure how they cook them here (broiled?  Saucepan?), but they really had no flavor and were kind of blah.  We are used to great steaks that are grilled (Firebirds in Chandler has the best!).  I was glad I had ordered blue cheese crumbles on my steak or it would've had NO flavor.  I probably only ate 1/2 of my steak.  Steak fries were not traditional looking and hubby said they were "ok".  I did try the mac and cheese and it was pretty good!  The loaded baked potato comes with small portions of sour cream, butter, cheese and chives all on the side on this little plate that had 4 divided sections.  The cheese was hard like it had been sitting out on the side plate for hours.  Am assuming they prep many of these side plates for baked potatoes earlier in the day.  My onions and mushrooms were soggy and I didn't care for them.  We did not order dessert (too full from breads and salad!).  Bill was $86 for the 2 of us.  Used my Total Rewards points to pay for it.  And THAT is the only winning moment of the entire evening!  :-)
5	My wife and I had our 50th anniversary dinner at the Range - a great meal. Prime Rib to die for with a nice Merlot to complement. We eat here often, service is impeccable especially with John T.
