3	This location just opened up and is in the Antique Mall of America plaza.  Its open 24hrs and has a decent amount of seating and is really clean.  I'm just happy that there is a new subway so close to my house now.  But it is just the run of the mill subway hence the 3 stars
2	Let's be honest, Subway is Subway as far as product goes most of the time. As far as service goes most of the employees here are in decent spirits and helpful however the other day I went into this location with a coupon that randomly showed up in the mail and had a simple question about it. When I asked about the details of this coupon the girl immediately snapped back at me with, "the coupon says what it says!". I personally am in the service industry as well and there was no need for the rude snappy behavior of this girl. I'll gladly drive a mile down the road and go to a different Subway and take my 4-5 meals business a week to a different location.
1	The food tastes good as Subway always does. However the service here leaves much to be desired and I'm sorely disappointed. I frequent Subways often as its one of my favorite foods. This is my first time at this location and I've never experienced such poor customer service at any other location. The girl serving my family and I is not wearing a name badge so I don't know her name. However she is young and possibly of latino decent. She's tall and has long dark curly hair pulled uo in the front with a barret on top and the rest pulled back into a point tail. She has a deep raspy voice. Hope that helps in identifying her. We are here now and it is 4:30pm on Sunday.Anyway, when we first arrived we had to wait to place our order while she was talking and laughing with the customer before us. He was already done checking out and just standing there joking around with her. She didn't even acknowledge that we were standing there (four of us). She eventually sauntered over and as she asked us for our orders she never made eye contact and had an attitude of annoyance. My whole family noticed it and we were all really bothered by her acting like we were putting her out. She never once smiled or made us feel welcome. We are eating in so we've witnessed her being a lot more friendly with the young guys coming in. And now we are leaving in which she isn't acknowledging or saying thank you or good bye, nothing.Over all an uncomfortable and annoying experience. I doubt I'll go into that location again even though I'll be in that area often now. It's unfortunate for me as a consumer and for you as a business. By the way, this is the first bad review I've ever written as I don't believe in writing bad ones unless absolutely necessary. My hopes are that the management does something about this so future patrons don't experience the same thing.
