4	Husband and I popped in to the pub quartier latin one evening after dinner to enjoy some drinks on the patio before heading over to a comedy show. It was perfect! We sat at a table outside on the street and it was great for people-watching. Our waitress was super nice and kept us in drinks. The drinks were average in price (we were drinking Jameson's and I had one mojito). Found the pub through my Lonely Planet book and I recommend stopping by- especially on a warm evening.
4	Really chill, red, wood, velvet and brassey - a bar where it's possible to get a nice port and sometimes catch some interesting new jazz or funk or electro soul. Just off St Denis in a squat old stone building, the Latin Quarter pub manages to be both young and classy at same the time (tough to pull off.) The service is always calm, friendly and competent and it's nice to sit here summer or winter with some charcuterie and an old friend, moving slow.
4	I like this pub mostly for it's outdoor terrasse, which allows for great people watching. The inside is fairly large, but not always so filled. They have a great selection of drinks, one of my favourites being the White Velvet, which is a fantastic combination of Hoegaarden (blonde beer) and apple cider. For those of you who like your Guinness, give the Black Velvet a shot!The servers are friendly, the atmosphere is classy and fun, Quartier Latin is just a great place to go - especially if Distillerie, just next door, is too packed and you still want to have a good time with your friends!
5	I was actually on my way to another bar when I was passing Pub Quartier Latin. I decided to stop in before heading out any further on Rue Ontario Est.I was greeted by the bartender with enthusiasm, which was very welcoming. I started off with speaking in French, but the bartender laughed and saw that I was struggling with pronunciation and helped me out with the language, and then spoke in English. He explained how the Quebecois definitely love me because I at least attempt to speak in French. Throughout the night, the two bartenders at the bar helped me with speaking. It was definitely was fun and was a nice refresher to my 5 years of French class back in college and high school.Service was great. The bartender was amusing. The ambiance was lovely. There were nice paintings on the wall and made it look very classy. For food, I ordered the Monsieur Croque, which is a ham sandwich with cheese and tomato with another type of cheese on top. It was pretty good, but it was a small portion.Even though Pub Quartier Latin served poutine, the bartender was very helpful in telling us the best places in town for delicious poutine. He was very excited in telling us about what goes into Quebec dish and what it should look like. Overall, this is a great place. Great service.
2	This place left me a little confused... Their sign says "pub" but when you step into this restaurant it feels lounge-y... The art work on the walls, the decor in general and the music (absolutely dreadful lounge/Cafe Del Mar style music) playing in the background all scream lounge. And then you look at their patio and they have cheap plastic chairs and a very casual crowd which reminds me of a pub... confused. I think this establishment is trying to be something to everyone. I went there with a group of local friends during one of the many festival nights that the beautiful city of Montreal hosts. The drinks were fine, nothing special, the appies we ordered were also fine (nachos, croque-monsieur, fish-n-chips). The service started out good... not great, just good but then it go worse... A friend spilled his beer while trying to reach for something while the waitress was standing at our table and without saying anything she rolled her eyes, walked away, brought us a wet bar towel, which was dirty and smelled like bad laundry, left it on the table and walked away! Yup... we had to clean up the table and go to the bar for napkins to clean the beer on the floor... I'll admit we were all a little buzzed and found our clumsy friend's misfortune funny, but we weren't being rude or obnoxious. We were having a good time!We were there to enjoy each other's company so we would have had a good time anywhere we went, but I definitely wouldn't go back nor do I recommend this place.
5	Popped in for a quick bite on a late Friday afternoon. Was met with superior service with a smile. Drinks were great and the poutine with aged cheddar was excellent. At least I think it was--we ate it all in 2 minutes!
4	Stopped in for small bit to eat and drinks. Great environment, live DJ during the evening on Saturday night. Food and the service were both good. Nachos are good to split between 2 - 3 people. Salads are a good size if not overly hungry. Drinks were made very well, not too weak. Overall very pleased. Nice tv's and atmosphere.
