3	I usually don't review chain fast-food places but I've got a couple gripes with Raising Canes. First of all, I respect that they have a small menu. Any place that has so few choices must have some good product to stay in business -- and their chicken fingers are 'good product'. But the price is a little on the steep side in my opinion. $7.34 for their box combo meal which comes with 4 chicken fingers, fries, texas toast, cole slaw, and a drink. Maybe I'm just getting old and/or I'm really cheap, but I remember the days when you could get a huge lunch for under 5 bucks.My other gripe is for the temperature in the restaurant. Holy shrinkage, Batman! It's freezing in there. If I needed to cut any of my food I could have used my razor sharp nipples because it was more than a bit chilly in there.This new location opened recently on Rainbow, south of the 215. I went during the lunch rush and couldn't believe how many people were getting their grub on at this place. Serving nothing but chicken fingers is a niche market, but apparently it's a big niche.
5	Delish. That's the one word that comes to mind when I think of my experience at Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers.The menu and concept is simple. Chicken Fingers. Everything else is sides such as fries, cole slaw and an extra helping of awesome.I popped into this location last night with some LA friends. We were hungry after an epic BBQ and Pool Party and needed to go someplace quick before our trip to the Downtown Cocktail Room (see my review on DCR).I had the "most popular" box meal. 4 Chicken Fingers, Crinkle Cut fries, Texas Toast, a side of slaw, and a drink. Effing amazing. All of it. Probably really unhealthy, but my several spin classes and high mileage running this week will burn it off, so who cares.Couple things that made the experience epic. Real crushed ice. Coke Zero in the soda fountain. Sweet tea. And the special secret dipping sauce.This place is worth the drive, walk, stumble or whatever. Get your ass here now. Trust me. It'll change your outlook on life.
4	"Hello...My name is Chris and I am a Caniac", there...they say the first step is admitting, the second is eating!!!When I first drove by the construction for this store (blocks from my house), I practically peed myself in anticipation.I still remember the first time I had Canes, I was baffled at the fact that the menu has pretty much 2 things on it, Chicken Fingers and French Fries. They only a few combos, but when you do it this good you don't need other options.Their Chicken Fingers are great, the fries are good, the Texas Toast and cole slaw are good sides, but there are 2 things that keep bringing me back to Cane's.#1-Cane's Sauce...I have no clue what all goes into making Canes Sauce, but I'm pretty sure it includes crack, this stuff is addictive, I like it on my chicken fingers, french fries, and toast, hell if I could get a bathtub full of it, I would!!!#2-Lemonade...I have not drank a single serving of soda since in about 9 years, most of the time whenever I go out, I drink water, but Cane's Lemonade is AMAZING, they make it fresh every day, and it is hands down the best Lemonade I've every had at a restaurant (chain or otherwise)I have also hear great things about their Iced Tea, I wouldn't know since I'm not a fan of Iced Tea.
5	Raising Cane's is awesome. I always order the Big Box, The Fingers are made fresh and come out HOT. So its best to let them cool off for a bit. The French Fries are good, offering Onion RIngs wouldnt be a bad thing. The Staff are always friendly and checking to make sure everything is ok. Something about the sauce. I prefer the Sweet Tea. You wont be disappointed.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!  Simple menu with tender chicken strips, fries, toast, and SWEET TEA!  YEAH!  I actually give this place 4.5 stars because I found the slaw to be somewhat bland.  Been at this drive-thru two Vegas trips in a row, now.  They should open these in Orange County.  Attention, Raising Canes Management - Portillo's of Illinois pulled it off in the OC.  You can too!
5	Usually I get the Box Combo with four chicken strips, fries, cole slaw and the Raising Cane's secret sauce. I mostly enjoy the light breading on the chicken strips, it is similar to some corn flakes. The strips are always super hot, which is good for any quality food. Each Vegas store, from the ones I have visited, have some sort of pop art relating to Las Vegas and a famous velvet Elvis piece.
4	The secret is in the sauce...I wish they came in packets so I can take some home! It has like a peppery ..zingy taste to it . I had the Chicken Sandwich combo that comes with fries and Sweet Tea to drink. The chicken in the sandwich is crispy and juicy and is topped with the sauce. Yum! The fries are also done just right so they are not soggy . I also love the Sweet Tea here .. it tastes just as good as the Tea at Memphis BBQ. The decor here is fun with different movie and music posters adorning the walls. It gives me something to look at while I'm enjoying my meal!
5	When we first moved here and I heard that there was a restaurant that only served chicken fingers I thought ,how can that work? For a restaurant to only have one 'main item', it better be the best product out there. We finally broke down and went to Raising Cane's and were delighted with the experience! The chicken fingers truly are the best ever! Moist chicken, crispy flavorful breading- it doesn't get much better than that! The sides are excellent as well, and I love, love, love the dipping sauce!Raising Cane's gets an A+++ from me!
4	Gave Cane's a shot last night and really came away impressed with their staff and the food. The chicken was fresh, had the taste & consistency of chicken and we enjoyed it. The crinkle fries were good and their "special sauce" was pretty darn good as well.Their staff was very good for a young group and who are working at a fast food joint. At least 4 different people greeted us or said something nice and everyone was friendly and polite, job well done! I don't think we'll eat here too often just because we don't eat a lot of fried food but it was worth giving a shot and especially if you want some good chicken fingers and great customer service.
5	ok ... it could be the southern in me ... but I LOVE Cane's.It tastes like good old fashioned fried chicken and they serve it with this bomb -ass sauce. ( yes i said bomb-ass) .  It is a tangy and savory sauce that you have to eat with everything... including the crinkle cut fries... and texas toast ... (omg the Texas Toast) I swear i gain like 5 lbs just talking about this place.I typically get the three finger deal which is awesome and I either get a sweet tea- OR  Lemonade ... because OMGOSH soooooo good.hmmm I wonder if I should go for lunch.
4	I was never an avid chicken finger enthusiest.......until I moved to Vegas and discovered Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers!  What more is there to say?  The chicken is cooked to perfection.  The breading is light and crispy, not heavy and hard like others I've tried.  Another plus.....crinkle cut fries!   May not sound like a huge deal, but I've found that the crinkles in the fries increases the surface area which allows them to carry copious amounts of ketchup.....I like ketchup.The toast was good too!  The downside of the meal was the slaw....but I'm not a fan of slaw anyways.  I come here at least twice a week, and do not see any reason to stop.
4	Who would've thought that a fast food place that "specializes" in chicken tenders would be such a hit? Well, Cane's did! I'd say that it's a place that is comparable, if you've ever had it, to Chik-fil-a. The tenders are so full of flavor from the breading to the meat itself. I don't know what they call their sauce but it's not bad, pretty peppery, I like it. It was pretty cute how they decked out the place for Halloween. Service was good, they were pretty nice here.
4	Very good chicken and toast Wish they would carry a box combo with no drink,there sauce is amazing i want to put it on everything, toast is made with garlic and very good.With the limited menu i guess you have to do it right or you wont last long.There mascot golden retreiver is super cute too.
4	Goodness at your fingertips. Flavorful breading and awesome sauce will get me working out at the gym much more to keep the cholestrol down and continue to indulge in this fried goodness.The sauce brings it all together. Its an aioli (fancy mayonaise) with a chili pepper kick to it.Order extra sauces so you don't run out near the end due to dipping the fries and the buttery toasted bread in along with the chicken strips! Chicken strips! Just saying it makes me smile. Chicken Strips!
5	Raising Cane's is legit. I hit up this location at least once a week if not more. I have a problem. I don't know whether it's the Canes sauce or the hot, juciy, plump chicken fingers. Or maybe it's the fresh, crispy fries. Everything is fresh and delicious. Anyways, I always get the same thing. Caniac combo; no toast extra cole slaw. Instead of 2 Cane's sauces, 1 cane sauce and 1 honey mustard. Canes sauce has a little kick too. And for my drink I get the unsweetened ice tea and put my splendas in. I don't need the extra sugar from the sweetened tea. Trust me, i'm fat.Most of the cashiers know my order by heart. David is a great worker there. We always have a good conversation about life. Customer service is always A+++ here. Asking if everything is ok, or If I need something. The place is always spotless too. They are always wiping down tables or cleaning the soda fountain and ketchup area.
5	My family always would tease that if we went to a five-star restaurant, I would order chicken fingers.  And I'll admit- that was true for a number (18) of years.  I have always loved chicken fingers.  I would order them at a bowling alley, a steakhouse, a burger joint, etc. Because I was addicted.Since then, my palate has grown and I enjoy steaks at steakhouses, burgers at burger joints and beers at bowling alleys.However, when Raising Cane's came to Las Vegas, my excitement went full-blown and I could not WAIT to try these chicken fingers!  (Did the power's above finally hear me and create a place that would be my heaven?!?!)With my first experience I wasn't sold on the sauce.  I like honey mustard with my chicken fingers and there being only one sauce confused me.  But I LOVED the flavor of the fingers, LOVED the crinkle-cut fries (seriously, those are the best fries!), the bread was delicious, coleslaw was good and they had Dr. Pepper!Fast forward a few months and I gave the sauce another shot and have never looked back.Sometimes the wait might be a tad long, but when they are fresh and cooked to order, the wait isn't so bad.The company itself seems pretty awesome, as I always hear the owner's on the radio promoting local schools and even UNLV.Speaking of UNLV Men's Basketball (GO REBS!), if the Rebel's win,  bring in your ticket within 24 hours of the game and get a FREE Rebel's combo.  The Rebel's combo is pretty much a children's meal: 2 chicken fingers, sauce and fries.  For Free, that is very good!Thank you Raising Cane's for sharing my one love (besides my husband): chicken fingers!
4	What a brilliant concept! Chicken strips onDemand; I wish I had thought of it. Tender, juicy, beautifully breaded chicken strips fried to perfection. Dip them in the oh so magical Cane's sauce and you'll have a life changing experience.Crinkle cut fries and melt in the mouth garlic bread come on the side to make this delightful meal complete. It's a new favorite for Vegas.Downfall: Coleslaw, no one likes coleslaw.
4	I came here not only because I saw it on Yelp but because some of my friends told me to. So I brought my neice and nephew since they wanted some chicken fingers. We all got the 3 piece meal which included, duh, 3 pieces of chicken fingers, piece of bread, fries and a drink. The bread just reminded me a little like Hawaiian bread, slightly toasted. Fries were just ok. Sweet tea was good and I could feel the cavity creeps starting to make a home as I drank it. Chicken fingers were crispy and seasoned nicely but the secret sauce was THE BOMB YO! Yeah, I said "the bomb yo". You taste it and wonder "what the hell is in this?" I was trying to figure out what the flavors were in this sauce. It could have been ass juice and barf for all I know. Actually, it seemed to have a thousand island background. Ranch too? I dont know. But it was hella good. Yeah, I said hella.
4	Food is always fresh and tasty. Doesn't take more than five minutes for my order. It can get crowded during lunch and dinner though.
4	I loved loved loved their chicken fingers!! It was my first time trying this heart attack in a plate and I was pleasantly surprised by its simplicity. Chicken strips, fries, a piece of bread, and some dipping sauce. Sounds pretty simple but the combination is truly orgasmic. The chicken was cooked to perfection with the right amount of batter. Crispy and yet very soft and tender. The fries were also really good, enough to finish the entire plate, although I did not dare. I didn't get a chance to try the sweet tea, but I'll take your word for it and say it was probably pretty damn good. Overall I had a great experience. I definitely see myself hitting this place up after a drunk night but they're only open till midnight. I guess I gotta go back to drinking at noon...
5	Raising Cane's never ceases to satisfy my hunger!! I usually get the box combo, which comes with 4 chicken strips & fries, a piece of toast, secret sauce and cole slaw (you can substitute the slaw for another piece of toast =D, which I always do!)The toast is the best part to this boxed combo!! It is perfectly buttery with a crunch on the outside, and soft and delectable inside! Best bread you will have in a lifetime!The sweet tea & ice is also pretty great!! Eat there so you can enjoy unlimited refills! HAHA =)
5	My favorite chicken strip place!  Fan of the sauce the sweet tea and the Texas Toast! yes yes and yes!
2	I have just moved back to Las Vegas and swore that I would get out of my structured box and try new things so instead of going to Popeye's for chicken which I love, I tried Raising Canes which someone referrred me to.  In a nutshell, the chicken is not nearly as good as Popeyes not is the quantity the same.  That is the con of going there.  Is it bad?  No certainly not, I just think you can do better. The service is very good and the people are very friendly.  The sweet Tea is as good as the Waffle House and Lucilles BBQ.  The Texas toast is great.  The coleslaw is better than KFC's.
5	Love this place.
5	Just ate at a buffet a few hours earlier. On my way home I still had the munchies. got myself some Cherry on Top frozen yogurt and then saw Raising Cane's. I was feeling some chicken fingers, the caniac combo with sweet ice really did the spot. it filled up whatever room i had left and more. Nice and clean interior, seems like a good place to chillax after long day. i probably could have just gone with the box combo but you know how it is when there's a big picture of food in front of you, i wanted it. i always get huge portions at Raising Cane's.
4	I have been here many times, they are not the best chicken fingers I ever had but in a pinch I'll head here.After leaving a concert on Friday night I was desperate for a small bite to eat, didn't want a greasy burger or spicy taco's so late at night. I also didn't have the patience for a sit down meal. Raising Canes is around the corner from our house and was relieved when their drive thru was still open (til 1 am on Friday and Saturday).Their chicken is tender white meat pieces, never greasy, cooked to order, so they are always fresh. I hate the dipping sauce (my hubby loves it), so I've been known to take a bottle of Kens honey mustard dipping sauce with me to the restaurant (shhhh!). I'm not a fan of crinkle cut fries, so I skip em. The coleslaw is okay. Love the Texas toast though. Their ice tea and lemonade is an added bonus:)
4	growing up with canes in the south, it definately takes me back to eat here.unlike some other posters, canes chicken fingers ARE the best i have ever eaten, but they are really only a vehicle for consuming the Canes sauce!the sweet tea is also AMAZING!  i dont live in vegas, so as im leaving, i always get a jug for the road out!a limited menu (in this case) means one thing-  you dont really need much else!on a trip to las vegas filled with $150 per person dinners-  canes is usually the first place we hit upon arrival!
4	Good food, but I think its a bit over-priced, hence 4 not 5 stars. The box combo with chicken fingers, fries, texas toast, and slaw is the popular way to go. The food has always been fresh, and the staff is over the top happy. It almost freaks me out a little bit that every single staff member smiles so much. I would assume it's because the working conditions are great and not that they are robots (literally).  I have officially made the switch over from McDonalds nuggets to Raising Canes, which almost pains me to say considering those Micky D nuggs are part of my youth!Overall, I highly recommend for a lazy, redbox sorta night.
4	When it comes to fast food Canes is a great spot.  Fresh chicken fingers, crinkle cut fries, fresh coleslaw, Texas toast and secret sauce.  That is what you can expect every time you come here.  I love it, my wife loves it and most importantly my kids love it.  The hardest decision you will face when your their is wether to choose the sweat tea or lemonade.
3	I preface this review by noting that I'm not a fan of fried food in general, especially chicken. Raising Cane's is actually quite tasty. I just don't understand the hype. They are pretty basic and although they taste ok, I don't anticipate making them a staple in my dining rotation. The dipping sauce is nothing amazing, but it does go well with the chicken. The fries are very meh. They're not crispy in the least and lack flavor. If I was going to eat here again, I'd probably only order the chicken and skip the fries. All in all, just ok but it's a good alternative to some fast food joints in town.
5	Best Sweet Tea in town!!
4	There was a time when I went to Canes 2 - 3 a times week for a month. Oh boy, did I have a grand time. It's different now. Don't get me wrong, it's wonderful.. but my taste buds have become tolerant.. I guess I blame myself. Anything you choose off the menu's gorgeous.. I wouldn't try the burger though.. Save that for In-N-Out later.You can also swap items such as coleslaw for Canes sauce or extra toast. Which I also do because I'm not a coleslaw-er.. lol
4	If you're in the mood for chicken fingers, Cane's is the place to go for a quick and awesome meal!Me and my husband usually get the Caniac to share.  Its typically just the right amount of food for us.  Comes with 6 fingers, fries, two pieces of toast, coleslaw, and a drink.  6 fingers might not seem like much to split between two people, but with the sides, it makes for a pretty fulfilling meal for two people.  The fingers are always tender and juicy.  It has the perfect amount of breading and is never really greasy.  Their fries are nothing just fries and the coleslaw is just coleslaw.  Their texas toast is definitely something to mention.  It's awesome.  Its toasted so perfects!  I like to take a little bit of the toast, wrap it around a piece of the chicken, and dip is in the sauce.The sauce is one of their biggest selling points here.  It's like a spicy mayo peppery sauce.  Goes hand in hand with the chicken fingers IMO!My suggestion would be to eat there.  The food tastes much better fresh and doesn't get soggy like it would if you took it home.  Plus, refills on the delicious sweet tea!
5	The food is always good. Chicken fingers and fries served with Texas toast and canes secret sauce.
4	You get what you pay for when you're talking about Raising Cane's.  It is what it is; they are who we thought they were, haha....  But when you get down to the brass tax, it's fried chicken fingers that we keep coming back for ladies and gentleman.  They do it well and often and I for one will keep coming back.  There is of course the people who say, "That's all they have?".  And I usually reply with "yes, but they do it Oh so Well!".  So try the chickend fingers my friends and know that it is the one thing that they do, and they are not ashamed of that fact!
3	This place didn't live up to the hype that I was hearing. People from around here was saying this place is great! amazing! delicious! It was decent for chicken fingers and fries. The chicken fingers were ok, the sauce it comes with was pretty good tho. The toast they give you is actually pretty good too, and the fries are the crinkly ones, not bad. Their sweet tea was delicious. I probably won't come back for a while, not really craving it.
4	I think I'm addicted to the sauce because I'm always craving this place. To me, it's better than chick fil a.  I like how the chicken fingers here are always so fresh & crispy on the outside. Yum! I like the Texas Toast & sweet tea too. The cole slaw is not my favorite & the fries are ok. The staff is always super friendly at this location. You can even order party packs to go. Take it to the party w/ some beer & you're good to go.
4	I came here back in February for the first time, my friend who lives out here said we all had to try it. They serve nothing but chicken fingers, I'm serious, just chicken fingers. I was hesitant to try the Cane Sauce (I heard more about the Sauce then the chicken from my friends) and I am very glad I tried it, it's amaze-balls!!!! I have to come to Raising Cane's whenever I visit Las Vegas, it's a must no matter what my plans are.
4	I tried Raising Canes about 2 weeks ago and have gone back 4 more times so far. This restuarant is only a mile from my new house that I purchased 11/04.  I've had the strips alone and the strip sandwich. The cane sauce is great on the sandwich but when I eat the strips by themselves I prefer the honey mustard. Where the hell is the ranch and bleu cheese?  The chicken is fresh and the batter is light which I prefer.  My only knock on this place is a small one. It has to do with the way they take my order. Lets say I order a three chicken finger sandwich. The conversation will go like this - (EVERY TIME)Hi can I get  a chicken sandwich with Cane sauce please?Sure - What kind of drink would you like with that?Huh? Who said drink? Just a sandwich with cane sauce please.Oh OK im sorry, Sandwich Combo with no drink please pull around.At Window - That will be $ X (about three dollars more than I have in my hand)What? I thought the sandwich was $4.32Sandwich? You wanted fries and toast too.No I didnt, I hate french fries and I dont even eat toast in the morning with my eggs.Oh Im sorry, I must have misunderstood.Other than this, which I have gone through every time - even the one time I went to the location on the other side of town - I have to say the service is pretty good. The people are friendly and the place looks clean. I know that this high pressure approach is the result of stupid managers pushing sodas and 'combos' to people who dont want them and not due to the ineptitude of their employees.
3	The food was good.  I got the regular chicken finger basket that came with coleslaw and texas toast.  The chicken fingers were nothing special and the Cane's Sauce was alright, not as great as everyone led on.  I am disappointed that they don't have ranch dressing... The coleslaw was good, if you like coleslaw, not like KFC coleslaw but still good.  The Texas toast was probably the best part of the meal, as silly as that sounds, it was phenomenal.  Honestly, this is a quick stop for something different on the go, pretty good overall.
4	Ate here two days in a row. When ever I'm in for some guilty pleasures of some delicious chicken fingers, I go here. I have to do some extra running but well worth it. ^^
4	Wow super fast drive thru and super friendly drive thru staff!!Didn't give five stars because I wish my sandwich bun would have been warm er =))for fast food i leave a happy person.
4	Sweet tea by FAR closest comes too authentic. The only reason I know is because I been too Atlanta, GA few times in my life. Same region never knew what sweet tea was till those visits. Not many places around town that know of even have it on the menu. It really perfect pair between the chicken fingers and refreshing not carbonated drink!The chicken fingers are awesome. They use real chicken meat nothing process like most fast foods. The batter is light not super heavy dense and settles in stomach for days. Fried right not dark but nice golden brown and the chicken hot/moist every time. They do every order fresh! The dipping sauce that comes with the fingers really enjoy and goes well with the chicken.The restaurant if go during lunch be warned gets packed really fast. Most part people going in and out. Not that long wait too sit down. Whole staff is friendly and always have manager goes around the restaurant checking on customers. They ask is everything is ok. U feel personnel touch. Nice change pace have management going around see them present and keeping customers Happy.
4	Arnold Palmers with southern-style sweet tea? Check! Dog treats given out in the drive-through when they see a furball in the car? Yes!Amusing, if cheesy, welcomes to the restaurant?  Indeed!Pleasant staff?  Yep! Tasty food at reasonable prices?  That too!When I'm not feeling up to cooking, this is my go-to place for sure.
4	I tried Raising Cane's for the first time today. I ordered The Box...4 Chicken Fingers, Cole Slaw, Texas Toast, and sauce. I also tried their sweet tea....and I like their sweet tea. Just the right amount of sweet yet you could taste the tea. The fries had me skeptical at first but they were hot, fresh, and good. But it was the chicken fingers that wowed me. Crispy outside, juicy inside, and cooked to perfection. And when dipped into the sauce...I was like wow, I get why people come here so much! And the Texas Toast was the first I've ate the whole piece as i usually hate Texas Toast but this was good! Add in great service and you get a 4 star review that is really close to being bumped to a 5. I will go back and bring others with me when I do!
5	Actually, I give this 4.5, of course, round half up plus infinity rule makes that 5 stars.  The half star comes off due to the Texas toast being too healthy, as in not covered in a garlic butter cheese and oil topping in order to more effectively clog my so-called "arteries", are those really important?  Interesting fact: Raising Cane's is based out in Louisiana, and part of the capital raised to start the business came from salmon fishing in Alaska.  Pretty cool, huh? On to the food!Chicken fingers are pretty much the bulk of the menu, and they are really REALLY good!  And the batter isn't as heavy as other chicken fingers, so they don't feel all greasy when you pick them up.  And the sauce they come with?  Some kind of tangy mayo based dip that made it different than eating fingers with the usual honey mustard, BBQ or ranch, although I think you can get honey mustard at certain locations.  I split the Caniac combo with my wife, which allowed us to have 3 fingers each, I got both sauce cups(my wife tasted the sauce but I ate most of it) and the cole slaw, split the toast and the fries and shared a large drink. Liked that the cole slaw wasn't oniony. The fries were standard crinkle cut, but they taste pretty good with the sauce! Raising Cane's has inspired me to find the best chicken fingers in the metropolitan Chicago area.  Fortunately I live nowhere near this place, otherwise I would probably gorge on a Caniac by myself every day that ends in -y.
4	My first time trying Raising Cane's.  I got the box, and I liked the chicken fingers, the dipping sauce and the coleslaw.  I am not a big fan of Texas toast in general so I can't gauge how good it was. I am not a big fan of their fries.  Overall, I like it.
4	.., probably the best chicken strips I've had to this day. A new must stop whenever in Vegas thanks to Adam & Mia!Combos come with fries, Texas toast & their delicious dipping sauce. Damn good sweet tea & friendly service. We'll be back!Check it out!
5	Delicious chicken fingers.  Love going here for lunch.
5	Not sure what they put in the chicken but its addictive.
5	I LOVE RAISING CANES. Their chicken fingers surpasses any other chicken without a doubt. Their toast is to die for also. My absolute favorite place to eat. Their servers are very friendly also. They deliver the food to your table and clean up the tables very often. You can't go wrong with this place!
4	How does one screw up chicken fingers?  You're probably thinking dry, overcooked, not enough meat are acceptable answers?   Not to me.  Whether it's at a place that specializes in typically plump, tender and juicy fingers like Raising Cane's serves or whether I'm at the bowling alley eating a flat and dry piece of breaded cardboard, I usually end up satisfied.All that being said, Raising Cane's makes a stellar example of these delicious fried treats that I have a hard time resisting.  I almost always end up with the Box Combo, which comes with a generous portion of fries, a piece of texas toast, 4 chicken fingers, and some negligible side of cole slaw.  Do people eat those?  I don't even bother asking others in my party anymore if they want it.   The texas toast usually is a good balance of toasted on the outside with with a soft middle.   The fries can be hit or miss and like a lot of restaurants can depend on if you stumble onto them fresh out the fryer.  The hotter the better.  The chicken can have the same issue, as I've had some moments where it felt like the chicken may have been sitting for a while, but this is by far not the norm.  They usually are hot and fresh as well.  I love the Cane's sauce they provide and like to mix it with the hot sauce to make my own miracle sauce.  I could bathe in this stuff.   Sure I'd have to take a shower afterwards and it'd get in some uncomfortable places.... on second thought, I would not bathe in it.  It's damn tasty though.Service is typically fast and efficient, and the price is reasonable for the amount of calories, er food that you get with each order.  There should be one of these in every bowling alley.  3rd best idea I've had all day.
4	Sweet tea and toast is the bomb and this place is famous for chicken! A lil pricey though, but good food. I still like chik-fil-a better.
5	This place is so bomb. Their chicken is nice and tender... I never knew ice teas could be comparable but man this place is unmatched!! You can buy their ice tea in jugs too.. Something I frequently do!! Sometimes I come to Vegas just for canes. Seriously.
4	Its not often that a fast food restaurant deserves four stars but canes almost deserves five. Good chicken, fries, texas toast with sauce to die (would love to know their secret recipe) all washed down with fresh brewed sweet or unsweet tea for less than $6 per person. All quality ingrediants. Served with a smile in a comfortable and clean atmosphere.
5	I absolutely love this place. I just heard about it maybe a month or so ago and now I am always here! The sweet tea is incredible!! The fried chicken fingers are incredible! The Cane's sauce is incredible! I love this place. The chicken sandwhich is surprising better than you would think it would be. A little messy but delicious.
4	Was skeptical to try them as it looks as just another chicken chain popping up. Very simple menu, chicken fingers, fries, slaw, bread (buttered Texas toast). Not hard, shouldn't confuse the cooks. Was very satisfied with the plump tastiness of the chicken, not overly greasy as some places fingers become. A- in grade My only drawback to this place is I wish they would cook their fingers like an extra minute, I kinda like my chicken a little crispier and a tad more done, just for safety sake. On that note, I don't want to scare anyone off thinking they serve raw chicken, they do not, its the difference between a medium rare steak and a medium one, just personal preference. And i really wish they had a spicy strip. Their slaw is about a C, nothing special and you can get no slaw & extra fires in your meal. The bomb however which I rate a A+, their special dipping sauce which does cost a few cents if you want extra and their sweet tea & lemonade. Yum. Place has always been super clean with a nostalgic travel poster decor and the drive thru has always been lightning quick even with long lines wrapped around the building. 4 stars solid.
5	Fun fact:  Raising Cane's the name has nothing to do with sugar cane or pimp canes, it actually refers to the founder's yellow Labrador named "Raising Cane"On with the review!I work on Saturdays, but only a half day.  Every Saturday after I am finished with all of my work, I drive right next door to Raising Cane's and order the strips and a unsweetened ice tea with a little bit of sweet tea.  At this point, the food is too hot to eat.  I proceed to drive over to Albertson's to do my shopping for the week.  After I park, I roll down my windows, close my eyes and just enjoy the silence for about 30 seconds.And then I eat my Raising Cane's.This is my Saturday ritual.
5	The best place to get fried chicken. I love the Caniac combo. I always get extra Cane's sauce. The fries and chicken would be mediocre if it wasn't for the Cane's Sauce. It's a little overpriced, but trust me that it will fill you up and you will be happy.
1	I don't understand the hype. We spent our honeymoom in Vegas. In the summer. Loads of fun (and sweat. Ick). I'd managed to convince my new food-averse husby to try out this place. I'd heard stories. I'd even checked out Yelp. But why? What for? It's just not worth the price for barely flavored fried chicken strips and krinkle fries. I'm pretty sure I have the same exact types of chicken fingers and fries in my fridge. The sauce was the only thing with any flavor...and it had no kick. Very disappointing, but they do get a star for good customer service.
2	Before writing this I fully admit I love Popeye's Chicken (spicy) and if Church's Chicken has it on their menu they are my 2nd favorite fast food spicy chicken joint. I was convinced to give this place a try and was sorely disappointed in fact both of us were. First on the positive side the chicken fingers were nice and juicy all white meat chicken. The order taker was helpful in explaining the menu and options but that is were I have to start on the negatives.No spicy chicken option. They give you a pack of hot sauce but its just a regular vinegar based sauce not my favorite and not particular spicy. Their signature sauce is OK but nothing special. In this humble Yelpers opinion it tastes like they mixed a few condiments together. Not bad but nothing special enough to build a franchise around. Its not a bad franchise but if you are craving spicy or even flavorful chicken you have better options available less than 2 miles away in either direction
4	The sauce is definitely the boss. My #1 rec for first timers is get the cane's box and make sure you sub out the coleslaw for another sauce. Other than that, very simple formula. Great chicken fingers and a delicious sauce. The sweet tea is the best out of all the fast food restaurants. Better than Chick-fil-a's.
5	I eat here quite often.  The food is always hot and fresh. The employees are friendly.  The drive thro is also fast and efficient. I'm never disappointed with the service, food, or wait time.
5	The staff here is the friendliest I've seen at any fast food place I've been to. That applies to both in house & in the drive thru. In fact the manager stops by during your meal to see if everything is ok or if you need anything else. If a booth is dirty the staff will not let you sit down until it is cleaned fully. The food is great & the menu is simple. Most UNLV games offer a free meal w/ a ticket here so if you're unsure about the food, try it for free. I'm sure after one taste you'll be hooked! If you're wanting a break from hamburgers & other fast food chains, check out Raising Cane's for something new & tasty!
5	The DEA should plan an undercover sting operation there, because whatever substance they use for the batter must certainly be illegal in the 50 states and territories. That is some potently addictive tasty chicken they serve there.The inside is juicy and tender due most likely to a phenomenal brining method, but the fried batter is what stands out. Surprisingly still light and not overly greasy. The side sauce option is good, but in my personal opinion not what makes Cane's an outstanding fast food option.As for the rest of the sides on the menu: Greasy carbs, fried carbs and fatty greens (Toasted Texas Toasts, french fries and coleslaw). I usually skip the sides in fear of turning to carbs myself. It is just too much of it. If you go for a side, the Toast are good but maybe too greasy when already eating fried chicken. Fries are actually not too bad, but Cane's will never win "Best Fries" award. Cole slaw is better than KFC (I know. Why make a comparison to something not worth it).As for service, the staff is always very courteous, friendly and thorough (Even though in the past they forgot 1 of my chicken fingers on a drive-thru run).Note to any federal agency conducting an investigation into the goodness of those fingers: I'll be happy to watch over the seized evidences. It'll be perfectly safe.
5	Writing a review of Fast Food?  Going to Yelp Hell, but I love the chicken and the magic sauce (the best way to describe it) here!  We usually order the Caniac combo with extra texas toast and no slaw.  The chicken is always tender and juicy.  The magic sauce is to die for.  It has a tangy and rich bold flavor.  Raising Cane's is the ONLY place I would pay the extra $$ for the extra sauce.  I don't believe one should pay for extra sauce, but at Cane's, I do and it is well worth it!!!  The Texas toast is crunchy on one side and soft and pillow like on the other.  The Sweet Tea is as good as they make it in the south.  5 Stars for Fast Food review, you betcha'!
2	Not sure why everyone is crazy about this place. chicken fingers tasted ordinary for me, sauce is forgettable, fries are soggy, and coleslaw is like the one in the supermarket. the only one i liked is the toasted bread. Though the store and location is great and neat.
4	Well who doesn't like Raising Canes? I love this location in particular. Very clean and staff is always friendly.I usually get the three finger combo. 3 chicken strips, fries, toast, and a drink. I have to be honest...their chicken strips are not my favorite. But I do love the fries and toast. Oh! And the lemonade. It is absolutely delicious. So delicious in fact, that you are charged some extra cents for refills. But totally worth it! One of these days I am going to buy a gallon of that stuff. There is also a huge hype over their "special sauce." I think it's good, but nothing too special.
5	I was so impressed with Raising Cane's customer service today at the location on rainbow I had to create a yelp account. Very rarely if at all do you go into a restaurant(fast food or not) and get approached by management to make sure everything is great and bid a good day by staff that didn't even see you up until you left. Even if the food was bad, which it wasn't, it was great, I would still go back strictly based on the pleasant experience I had!
2	1.) crinkle cut fries!?!? come on, this reminds me of microwavable crinkle cut fries i used to eat back in the late 80's. makes the meal seem so cheap.2.) the chicken is actually very good quality. definitely fresh. i dont like the batter and the turd like shapes.3.) their texas toast is pretty good. could use a little more flavor though.4.) slaw... its slaw...5.) lemonade + unsweetened tea = arnold palmer. i love it, its the tits.6.) cane sauce? its just fry sauce with Worcestershire sauce and pepper. it tastes so one dimensional.7.) for the price of a 3 piece its expensive.8.) the only reason why its good cus my MOMMY BOUGHT IT FOR ME!
2	I cant believe this place only does chicken fingers and they were no better than fingers I could pop into my oven at home from my grocers frozen food secton. If you only do one thing it should be amaze-balls, and it wasn't. Chicken was not juicy, the breading was soft/mushy, not crunchy at all. Save your money and hit up KFC, it'll be 10 times better and actually crispy!
4	Love, love, love Raising Cane, sure it's not for everybody but I personally love their fresh chicken fingers and sometimes simplicity just does it for me. If you like chicken fingers I don't see how you could be disppointed with them.
4	I had heard a lot about this place from other locals in town.  I was thinking to myself... how can chicken strips be THAT GOOD and what is this supposed CRACK SAUCE that is so good, you must order an extra sauce since they only give you just one?? The food did live up to the hype!! The menu is very small and limited, but that's ok.  You know what you are coming in for when you eat here.  The chicken strips were fresh and good quality white meat.  The "fried-ness" wasn't too greasy and made you feel sick from all the oil and grease.  The texas toast was fresh and crunchy, just the right amount of buttery goodness. Crinkle cut fries were on point! and this chicken sauce... HELL'S YEAH!!.. it tastes like a chipotle mayo ranch type sauce, definitely a ranch sauce with a small spicy kick! The customer service was very friendly as well and just a good fried chicken joint!! The take-out line was super busy too!! I will definitely be back to get my fried chicken fix next time!
4	Just came from raising canes and we're pretty satisfied. Reality is chicken strips are chicken strips. I mean it doesn't send me over the moon or anything but it gets the job done! Wondering why I have four stars? Well for one their dipping sauce is CRAZY GOOD and so is their service!!! I went during lunch rush and it was super busy, did this slow things down? Nope! Got my food within less than five minutes and found a table pretty quickly despite the crowd. Now some other people weren't so lucky BUT their employees were nice enough to help them get a seat. I mean a worker stood there for 5+ mins holding a customers food till they got a seat! Not to mention they would also greet every single person who entered or left. Pretty good service for fast food I'd say!
4	I live down the street and my boyfriend and I love coming to raising canes. The service is great! Aside from a few times of our order coming out wrong, still really good.
3	I'm a regular here. Lately they've been inconsistent with their sauce and toast. Sometimes it's really salty. Other than that, the chicken are always fresh and moist.
4	As far as fast food goes, Raising Cane's is top notch. Like In-n-Out, Raising Cane's bolsters a simplistic menu based solely around chicken fingers. Side items include coleslaw, krinkle-cut french fries, and Texas toast. Coleslaw I have never been a fan of, so I typically replace mine with another Texas toast (at no extra charge!) which I absolutely adore. The french fries I am not a huge fan of due to their style. They remind me of the frozen Ore Ida fries I used to eat as a child. The lead singer of this band, the superstar, the show stopper, has to be their signature Cane's sauce. This stuff is the nectar of gods. I have seen some other reviews from this location describe the sauce as 'Crack Sauce', and that is an extremely apt assessment. Wash it all down with a deliciously sweet and satisfying sweet-tea or homemade lemonade and you are good to go my friend.
4	Hands down the 2nd best fast food meal I have every had (1st is In & Out Burger sorry!) This place blows chickfilet out of the water! The chicken was very fresh and tasty and the portion sizes were pretty huge as well! Store was very clean. Only complaint that it is very tight and cramped but they for sure packed them in at lunch time!
4	Of all the times I've been to Vegas, I've never tried this place until today, and boy, am I glad I did! I didn't think chicken fingers would be so special but these ones are delicious. It's fresh and hot, with meat so tender and perfectly fried batter. The batter was just right, not too thick and very crispy. Better than KFC, Popeyes and Chick Fil A nuggets, even though I still love the Chick Fil A spicy chicken sandwich. The Canes sauce, which some call the crack sauce, was also pretty good. Seems like a mixture of thousand island, ranch and some peppercorn sauce. I just wish they had more sauce options. I love the Chick Fil A sauce and honey mustard. I didn't try the Cole slaw because I'm not a fan of slaw, but I'm assuming there is nothing to write home about it, like the fries. Nothing special. However, the Texas toast was yummy. Soft, buttery, goodness with a nice crisp on one side. They also have fresh brewed sweet tea and lemonade, two of my fave drinks, separate or as an Arnold Palmer. I wish this chain would come to Orange County, CA!!!
5	Love Cane's!!  Love the chicken, the bread, and the Cane's sauce!  Service is always good, even in the drive-thru!
4	I have been to this location several times, both for eat-in, drive-thru, and for 'tailgate' pick-ups. I have not had bad service.The best part is that they open at 9 AM, so you have chicken fingers for breakfast. Two people can definitely share the Caniac, which is $9 and comes w/ 6 pieces of chicken. I always trade out my coleslaw for another piece of Texas toast. For drinks, they make great sweet tea, but their lemonade is what I prefer. It is not unlimited refills for that though. Boooooo! Nonetheless, the chicken is delicious & this is a great option for lunch.
4	My kids love this place. It makes me feel better getting this for them than the golden arches. Im in denial, but a pretty good one.
4	I don't visit fast food restaurants often, but I like Raising Cane's! Their chicken fingers are juicy, all-white meat accompanied with a light, crunchy batter. The combos also come with crinkle cut fries, Texas toast, coleslaw, and a delicious dipping sauce (properly dubbed "crack sauce") - it's good with the chicken and the fries..and the toast. It's really good on everything!!The fries are just normal probably-frozen crinkle cut fries, so they're whatever. The bread and slaw are both fine as well. Nothing special about these guys, but they are good with the chicken.The other menu item everyone really enjoys is the Sweet Tea. For good reason since it's yummy and refreshing. It is a bit sweet for my taste, so I normally do half sweet and half unsweetened for a great balance.When the Rebels win this season, you can get a FREE Rebels Combo (two chicken fingers, fries, and secret sauce) with your game ticket -- redeemed within 24 hours.
4	WHAT I HAD: A MEAL that included: 6 chicken fingers, cole slaw, fries, and sweet tea...The chicken is (I THINK) cooked in peanut oil. The taste reminded me of Chic-Fil-A, which is great because there isn't a Chic-Fil-A in Las Vegas so this is as close as you can get. The overall taste was good but I could feel the greasiness of it sinking to the pit of my stomach. I am almost sure that if you ate a ton of these chicken fingers you'd get a sick feeling.The fries were those classic crinkle cut "Ore Ida" fries you'd see in the grocery store's frozen food section. The fact that they were crispy and that they gave me so much of them was a plus. There were so many fries that it was the only thing on the plate that I couldn't finish.The coleslaw was the only thing I was dissapointed in. It was rather dry and they give you a little cup of it. Cole slaw is cheap to make so I don't understand why they would give you a hug pile of fries enough to feed 3-4 people... but then give you this little itty bitty cup of coleslaw... plus there was no real tang to it. Some restaurants will add some type of pineapple juice to their coleslaw to give it a sweet tang whereas Raising Cane's is just bland.The sweet tea: I cherish these guys for being one of about 3 or 4 restaurants in the Vegas valley that ACTUALLY has sweet tea.I think it was about $8 or $9 for my meal, which seems pretty pricey, but the amount of fries they give you makes up for that I guessThe sauce they use is good, but to be honest I've had way better sauces with chicken fingers elsewhere and I'm more of a honey mustard type of guy. - If they could get the honey mustard that Outback Steakhouse uses on it's "Alice Springs Chicken" this place would be killerThe ambiance: This place is usually always PACKED from what I see. My daughter and I literally got the only table available. It has a modern "cool" factor because they have Spiderman 3 and other "modern" movie posters on the wall. I get what they're trying to do here. Their trying to appeal to the younger crowd by putting up posters of recent movies. This seems really pretentious to a 32 year old guy like me though.Beware of douche bags coming in and out of this place! When we were there there was this loud and obnoxious group of 30-40 year old guys all dressed in cheap suits without the jacket... I kid you not, they all left at the same time and they were holding these "Free Hugs" posters they made themselves with a sharpie. Sunday weirdos.
4	Always good.  One of my favorite quick eats locations when on this side of town. I've never been disappointed here.
3	I like Raising Canes but only go there when my friends drag me there or if it's free at school. Or when I just don't care about being healthy. The chicken is really good and crispy. Small, but 3 pieces plus the toast, fries, and slaw will make you full. I don't ever get the slaw, I just ask for more fries. And speaking of the fries...Seriously, what's up with the fries? It's like those fries you can just microwave. Really nothing special at all and what amazes me is that I would rather eat McDonald's French fries (& I hate McDonald's). Maybe if there fries were better I would actually wanna come here more often. & the sauce to me isn't worth another 20 something cents. It's really good but please just give us that shit for free to make up for the tasteless fries. On the other hand, I do love me some Texas toast! Nice, buttery, crispy and high cholesterol toast. I could eat that all day. There's no hype for me about the sweet tea though. It's just sweet. A bit too sweet for my taste so I mix it with unsweetened. I don't come here often, but when I do, I make sure it's when idgaf about eating tons of oily goodness. Fix those fries first and start giving out free sauce, then we'll talk.
4	For pieces of chicken tenders, this place is pretty good. You have a choice of getting a number of chicken tenders with fries, toast, and a drink. Cane's chicken never fails to satisfy me. They're always hot right when it gets to your table. Crunchy on the outside, tasty on the inside. You can also ask for their special sauce and that goes well with everything! Fries are almost never soggy and the toast is amazing. You also can't forget about their sweet tea! The only reason I give this place 4 stars is because I feel like it'd be better if it was a $1 or 2 cheaper.
5	Eat here once a week. The food is great. The service is friendly. The drive thru is fast. All in all it is a A+
4	Cane's is a good place to get lunch with friends and hang out. I almost always order a Caniac  (6 pcs of chicken, toast, fries, slaw, and sauce) I replace the slaw with toast because the fries are plenty for me and I don't like their slaw. After eating the whole box of food, I'm pretty stuffed. It's a bit pricey for chicken fingers, but I think it's worth it.This location is usually pretty packed around lunch time, so be warned. There's something about their caniac sauce and toast that makes me come back for more.
5	If El Pollo Locos chicken is good, this is way up the there!Smooth to the throat, and tastier!Must say, one if the best fast food chicken I've eaten!
5	If El Pollo Locos chicken is good, this is way up there!Smooth to the throat, and tastier!Must say, one if the best fast food chicken I've eaten!
5	Dare I compare to Chick-Fil-A?!?Raising Cane's is similar in deliciousness to Chick-Fil-A but they have garlic bread! You can make a garlic bread sandwich! I always get the 3 piece combo, along with their special sauce, and coleslaw - I'm in heaven. LOVE LOVE LOVE Cane's!
4	Great chicken fingers and Bread. However charging for lemonade is nonsense and they need to get some ranch and BBQ sauce. Otherwise some of the best chicken fingers around.
5	I love there chicken sandwiches
4	"Welcome to Raising Canes where the chicken is kicking, the sauce is the boss, and the toast is the most!"Kicking chicken? CHECK. Bossy sauce? CHECK. Most out of the toast? CHECK.There's really nothing bad to say about this place unless you're anti-fast food OR hate waiting in drive thru lanes.I LOVE that there's one located on the southwest side. It's very convenient for me =)I will continue to come back here time after time.
4	Cane's sauce is addicting. Good service, quick and juicy chicken. Never had an order be wrong, cold or gross.
5	One of my favorite places to eat. The family loves this place. Any of tgere box combos are the way to go...Chicken, sweet tea is so so good!
4	Raising Cane's food is good. No doubt about that! But today they messed up my order. Instead of giving my three box combo. They gave me a caniac! Most of you would probably be like: what's the big deal? You got more! The thing is, I don't eat much. I don't even finish the fries! So the food will go to waste. Feel bad for the person who will be getting my three box combo instead of their caniac combo.
5	I'm not just going to Raise Cane, I'm gonna raise the roof when it comes to this chicken!! Ok, that was corny, but seriously, you can't go wrong with Raising Cane. It has been years since I'd visited here, but I was in the neighborhood, and thought, "why not?" I'm SO glad that I stopped in! The store was pretty busy with a lunchtime rush, but everyone was super friendly and attentive. One of the servers even came to my table halfway through my meal to make sure that everything was good and that I was enjoying my food. What fast food restaurant does that??! The prices are very reasonable as well. And now, the food... DELICIOUS. I just got the 3 piece box, which includes 3 chicken tenders, fries, and Texas toast. It was just amazing. The chicken tenders were HOT (I almost burned my mouth), juicy, flavorful, and the breading was just the right amount. The sauce was good for both the chicken and fries alike. The fries were just fine, regular crinkle fries, but the Texas Toast?! I think that I have reached bread nirvana! I swear, I could have eaten this bread all day. It was soft, buttery, melt in your mouth, and just perfect. I found out that I could have gotten a second piece of toast instead of fries, which is exactly what I will do next time!
5	So delicious, I wish we had one at home in Colorado Springs!!Real food, fast, and inexpensive...what more can you ask for?I can't stop singing.....I'm a Caniac, Caniac...I know LOL
4	Raising Canes has some of the best chicken strips around. If you enjoy fried chicken this is the place for you. The chicken is very good for a fast food establishment. They also have their own sauce that they offer that is pretty good too.The strips are not very big, so I usually get the 25 piece to feed four people. You can get fries and the garlic toast on the side. I only get the chicken.I would recommend that you give this place a go if you want some fried chicken.
4	Raising Cane's just raised the bar for chicken strips to heights I never fathomed reachable for this familiar finger food.Chicken strips, chicken tenders- call them what you will. The name won't add any juice or flavor to these boneless pieces of white meat, coated in bread crumbs then deep-fried to mask their dry texture and dull nature.Ironically, in the middle of the parched Nevada desert, I found the moistest chicken strips I've ever had. The chicken was coated in a crunchy cover of breading and broke apart lightly. It came with an orange-colored, slightly tangy secret sauce that might have been some house version of thousand island. The crinkle-cut fries were cooked medium to medium-well, slightly crispy on the outside; ordinary, but they fulfill their purpose as a filler. The Texas toast was a unique surprise, a thick slice of buttery brioche slightly toasted outside while fluffy as feathers on the inside. The menu at this small fast-food chain from Louisiana is simple: 3 pieces (The 3 Finger), 4 pieces (The Box), 6 pieces (The Caniac), or 3 pieces inside a Kaiser roll (The Sandwich). All come with the toast, fries, and a drink; the 4 and 6-piece combos also have the addition of coleslaw. I got the 3 Finger Combo which was a good-sized lunch. For 6 bucks and some change, I learned that chicken tenders can be tender, and that food can be fast and affordable and still fit the bill for great grub.
5	After a couple of long nights of partying at EDC there's nothing better than  some deep  fried  goodness to fill the belly. I have never heard of this place until my sister's boo started to rave about how awesome the chicken strip were when passed by one . So what the heck I'm going to give this place a try with my bf.  The only thing I can compare this place to is chik-fil-a.  The boyfriend got the box combo? I believe and i got the 3 finger combo. The toast is amazing and the sweet tea is to die for. Well, not to die for but still one of the best sweet tea I have tasted in a long while. The chicken strips are juicy and the fries are just regular crinkle cut fries. The cane sauce is okay. Reminds me of thousand island and French dressing put together. But the chicken strips tasted wonderful without any sauce.  The boyfriend says the coleslaw is whatever. Overall, the place is good for the price and the portion is good too.
5	These are the best chicken fingers I've ever had...and the dipping sauce? So delicious. I'm a big fan of the bread and fries too, although the coleslaw is a little on the sweet side for me. Oh! And the iced tea is perfect...I mix the sweetened with the unsweetened and it's the best.I've been here a few times and the service is always fantastic. The employees are friendly and personable. It's always clean even when it's busy. It's one of my go-to places for sure.
4	All they have is chicken fingers, but...they are good.   Now I will say when I think good tasty fresh chicken, I think chic Fila.  This was not chic Fila, but...it was a close second.   Their sauce was good.  Their fries were good.  Their prices were great.   I just wish they had other sauce options!
4	Although I wish they had a bit of a more creative menu, I appreciate the chicken finger only when I come to Canes. The fresh squeezed lemonade and fresh brewed sweet tea is a bonus in my book! Oh and yeah that sauce is the boss! Props to them for staying open til midnight, this is Vegas!
5	I would normally never write a review for a fast food chain.  But this place is great! 1. The chicken is great... yummy sauce, good bread... not big on crinkle fries, but still yum. But what really wowed me.... 2. The service! I kinda expect fast food places with dust bunnies in the corners and lazy teenagers.... But not here! Theres someone constantly walking the floor, wiping tables, cleaning windows, throwing straw trash away from the drink station... and the kicker.... If theres no one in the line, the order taker is opening the doors for customers.... This is the way anat business should be run! kudos to you raising canes!
4	I love Raising Cane's.  The chicken fingers are really good, and although they are deep fried, they aren't overly greasy.  The fries are clearly frozen, they are good.  And the bread they serve with it is the best and I'm not normally a bread person.  And the service is great.  I love they stay open late, so I can go before work.  The one downside is I'm not a fan of the Cane's Sauce... at all!  As a Texan, you need GRAVY!  And it needs to be cream (white) gravy!  If the Dairy Queen is open, I'll get the chicken fingers from Cane's and I'll go to DQ and get an Orange Julius and some gravy.  LOL.  The price is the best part.  You get a pretty good meal, on the cheap.
4	Nothing bad to say about raising canes!!! The food always fresh and hot,ready to go and eat. Most of all my favorite part is the sauce!! You can dip the fries,chicken strips, and even the Texas toast. Delicious!!!
5	Double the toast, minus the slaw. You can't go wrong with Cane's. Their sauce is amazing.
4	I was craving them today!!Yummy chicken fingers and fries!!i love either getting the box combo or the sandwich combo! There lemonade is really good as well,it just costs extra :(
5	I gotta be honest when I heard they didn't offer ranch in a place that serves chicken I was a little upset, I mean ranch and chicken go hand in hand. Boy was I in for a pleasant surprise the house sauce is amazing and the chicken is cooked perfectly. Definitely a returning customer.
3	I try to avoid most fast food but let's face it, I still have cravings from time to time and wanted something different. Going to lunch with co workers who suggested this place I was on board since I have never been here. It's a pretty much what as advertised, fried chicken and sides. I had a combo with chicken, fries, cole slaw and garlic toast. Along with a drink. The food was ok except for the cole slaw. It was funny and bland, not at all good. It was just ok and now I remover why I don't eat at many fast food places.
4	Well I don't usually eat fast food unless it's the only option but I do have to say I love Cane's. Love the fact that they are very simple and they have their own special sauce for their tenders. Without their sauce the chicken tenders just wouldn't be the same. Everything was super fresh and hot. They also have the option for huge family orders which is great for parties or game days. They have really good tea and lemonade and sell it by the jug too. Love their toast that comes with the meals. Service and prices are great and it is definitely not a normal fast food place which is why I will only eat here for fast food and not anywhere else.You definelty have to try the sauce with the tenders!
5	It was our first time at this location, and it did not disappoint. There were plenty of tables inside, and they were quickly cleaned once the customer left. We split the Caniac, which is 6 chicken strips, fries, Texas Toast, Cole slaw and two Cane's sauces. It was excellent. As always, Cane's food come out steaming! The cole slaw was ice cold. Perfect. I like that this store was clean, inside and outside in the parking lot. Always a pleasure.
5	First, TEXAS TOAST here is AMAZING! The best texas toast! This is the best place to go to if you are hungry and want something quick. It is cheap and very filling. The sauce with the chicken is really yummy too. I've only been here twice and both times my chicken were pretty juicy. I will definitely be back when I vacation in Vegas again.
4	Busy for dinner! Cars were wrapped all around the building and almost all tables inside were occupied. I was surprised to see how fast they move because we didn't have to wait very long. It is one of the best fast food chains so I can see why. They also have great combos!
5	The husband brought me here for the first time! Their chicken strips are delicious. Love their fries! Love the tastes of their teas. Friendly staff. We will definitely come back here!
3	I  always wanted to try this place every time I pass by it but I always get detracted because of the long drive-thru line. But I was in the mood for some chicken strips and something to worth breaking my diet without breaking the bank. I waited till after the dinner rush was over, which I thought was at 7:30 p.m. I was wrong. I arrive and there was still a line but it moved very quickly and smoothly. I assume because the menu doesn't have much variety. But hey when you establish a business with one main popular item that's all you need (hint in and out).I ordered the caniac box and doubles up on the fries instead of the coleslaw. It was enough to feed me twice! The chicken and texas toast was light and fluffy and did not make me feel like I was eating fast food, which was a plus! The fries could have been better, they should offer another side like mash potatoes or onion rings. The sauce was okay, nothing to crave for in my opinion. II would of preferred a spicier sauce.
4	My husband ate here one time without me and said it was too salty, so for the past 2 years, I've avoided this place. While waiting in this area to get picked up, I had a craving for chicken fingers and decided to stop in AND OMG I WAS SO MAD AT MY HUSBAND. To think, for two years I was missing out on some of the best chicken fingers ever created (too much enthusiasm, maybe?). Their dipping sauce is just a simple ketchup/mayo/spices mix, but I'm easily won over by the combination apparently. I like how their fries have ridges, with a good mix of mushy fries to schlop up sauce and ketchup and crispy ones for texture. I was also really impressed with the service here - reminded me a bit of Chick-Fil-A in the south, where they'll deliver the food to your table (most of the time, the food was ready long before the customers could even decide on which soda to get). The staff does a great job turning over tables and moving things along swiftly. Now I understand why their drive-thru line is always packed, but I do need to start coming here less and remember, this place is still fast food.
5	This is the best chicken strips on the Las Vegas strip! The sauce they give you to dip in is AMAZING!!! ALL the food to be honest is awesome!! Ill go to Canes any chance I get!
3	A burger so good, succulent and convenient to eat I had never tried before entering this fast food. The seats are few, but no matter, this sandwich you eat also comfortably mentri stroll to Las Vegas, Excellent meat, good cooking. Saporito. The sauce that put in bun with beacons? FABULOUS! In short: Try it! you will find that the tail will always be gigantic, but in 10 minutes you've already ordered. it is really worth! stop to enjoy this amazing burgers around the corner from Times Square!
