2	It's a bit of a hassle getting into the restaurant's parking lot these days from light rail construction.  But that's probably just as well.  I'm not in a hurry to get back to Pho Bang -- so no biggie.Some respectable ethnic eateries aren't much of a looker when it comes to decor.  No surprise there.  But Pho Bang takes shabby and RUNS with it.  The floors are worn, and so are the classroom-like ceiling tiles.  When I walked in there was no greeter, or anyone around to direct you to a table.  I later see that two little old ladies were running the ship in what became clear was a family operation.  Since I wasn't sure about seating protocol I walked to the back counter where it looked like one woman was counting the cash register (it was only 7 pm).   She looked at me all confused and flustered.  It wasn't that busy either.  Two tables in particular were messy upon my arrival - and were for another 20 minutes after that. I was finally sat at a table near their Best of Phoenix awards - all four of them.... from the late 90s!   Figuring that many Vietnamese places have popped up in recent years to make it more competitive - I didn't think much of it.  I noticed on the menu that Pho Bang is a chain with locations in Manhattan, Dallas and Houston - who knew?  I place my order of shrimp summer rolls and pork and veggie vermicelli noodle bowl and assess the scene - 3 tables at about 6 -10 mostly Asian and Hispanic people (some family, and some friends) each dining and laughing. To make the atmosphere even more sketchy than when I arrived,  I notice this grey moving cart that was wheeled from table to table.  Servers here don't clear the table and take the mess to the kitchen - they just dump it in a cart and wheel it all over the restaurant until closing.  Nice, unsavory, and klassy.My food arrives and the summer roll and dipping sauce tasted alright.  The roll was heavy on the mint leaves, but otherwise it was OK.  The noodle bowl was OK too.  Nothing to write home about.  The one I've had at a Vietnamese place in Chandler was much more flavorful.  I'm not a soup person so I'm not sure how the pho is.So, there you have it.  An average food experience coupled with unsavory ambiance and so-so service.
3	My father died of cancer in 2002 after a 7 year struggle... when he could still get around (and even when he couldn't), we would regularly go to Pho Bang to eat together. The owners were sweet and would always ask how he was doing when I would go in by myself. I've been eating here for over a decade and the place hasn't changed one bit... they haven't replaced one thing. It's old and as the other review said - shabby. The owners are very sweet, but most of the customers they get are local and speak Vietnamese. I have to say - this place has the best spring rolls of any vietnamese place I've ever eaten at. This is the main reason I still eat here... the food is still very delicious. It's really rough finding decent asian cuisine in the Phoenix area. Specifically Korean and Vietnamese. If you can overlook the unwelcoming ugly old appearance and you aren't intimidated by the scary neighborhood and locals-only attitude - the food is delicious. I'd give the food 4 stars and the family that owns it have always been so sweet to me and my dad. I just wish they would relocate or fix the place up a little bit. It once won the Best of Phoenix - but that was a long time ago... at least the food is still the same as it was back then.  Give it a try if you're brave enough.
3	Pho Bang is a chain of franchise restuaurants started out of New York City. There are 3 in NYC, 3 in Houston, and one each in Taipei, New Orleans and this one in Phoenix. It is old and grungy, and hard to get to with the light rail construction. The prices are dirt cheap, the decor is dirt cheap and the food is un-remarkable. They offer most of the usual Vietnamese dishes, from Goi Cuon appetizers (summer rolls) to Bun (vermicelli), Mi (egg noodles), Com (rice plates) to stir fry chicken, pork, beef; also seafood, some specials and Pho soups (16 different ones).The Pho comes in 2 sizes, with most regulars costing only $3.95, and the large costing $4.50. Their large is equivalent to many places' medium, however. The broth is average at best, and all the accroutements are too. I am not sure how the franchise works (royalties, menus, common logo, etc) but if you want a very cheap meal and you are not a snob or afficianado of Vietnamese food, this places works for a quick filler. They will show Korean Drama DVDs dubbed in Vietnamese on the TV if you ask. They will watch Korean Dramas themselves when it is slow anyway, even if you don't ask! Winter Sonata anyone?PS - Pho Bang in San Jose is not affiliated with this chain.
4	I like this place for a cheap, tasty bowl of Pho and some spring rolls that always are fresh and not skimpy on the ingredients. The decor is like some old whore who gave up trying long ago, and I am totally okay with that. Am I wowed when I come here? No. Do I always get the tight lipped mamasan who almost growls my order back at me? Yes. Do I always get good food at great prices, in a place I feel comfortable wearing track pants and a bandana at? Hells to the Yesss...
3	It's crazy, but I could live on the greasy fried rice and spring rolls from here for about a month or so. If I kept cash ready, and smiled into the face of scowldom on the other side of the counter, that is. I once tried to debit my $4.36 bill and thought I met the Soup Nazi. I don't care, it's addictive. A little lightrail construction should not stop you. Bring cash if ordering under $5 and don't look around if you don't like 'greasy spoon' kitsch. Fried rice.... mmmmmmmmmmmm.
4	Yeah. The place could use a once over with oxyclean, but the yummy food makes  up for the charming patina on the floor and walls. One of my favorites is the rice noodles with grilled pork, sprouts and crispy spring rolls on top. Comes with this sweet and sour sauce stuff you pour on top. Perfect light summer lunch. Also, the pho is a nice bowl of goodness. Squirt some hot sauce and hoisin on that and that is a perfect meal. Remove any eyewear to prevent steamage.Bonus is the Vietnamese market next door. After lunch you can stock up on Botan Rice Candy, steamed buns and reasonably priced dishware.
4	This place is solid for lunch.  Yes, it is a total hole in the wall, but that is part of the charm!  Right? I went with regulars, who ordered for me, so perhaps the menu may be hit or miss.  What I can tell you is that my meal, what ever it was, was great.  It was a noodle/BBQ pork dish.  And the deep fried spring rolls were fantastic.  And guess what was even better?  My whole meal, which was more than I could eat, was $4.50!  I will be back.
5	Love their marinated shrimp that you grill on your table.  Then take it, along with fresh Vietnamese veggies and wrap up to make your own rice paper roll (or summer roll).  Delicious!!!Good pho too.  When I still ate meat, their grilled pork chops over rice was sooo good.Go there with a group so you can order lots of dishes to try.Service can sometimes be slow---not the place to go for lunch if you're in a hurry.  The wait staff mean well & are good people.
1	This place embodies all of the problems that can befall a hole in the wall restaurant and none of the charm.  The dining area was filthy!  The blinds on the windows where literally covered in dust and some sort of ancient splattered liquid.  Their was a television in the corner of the dining area blaring some inane program that the staff was watching.  We sat at our table for ten minutes without anyone so much as acknowledging our presence.  Finally one of my companions got up and dragged a woman back to our table to take our order.  The food came and our waitress sat watching her program for a half hour before we had to once again leave our table and pull her over to get refills on our drinks and get our check so we could leave.  I had the pho which was bland and lifeless and my companions shared a pho and a crispy noodle dish which wasn't half bad.  I would say avoid this place at all cost.
3	So, this place has one vegetarian entree... and I am not completely certain that it was 100% vegetarian. My dining companions seemed to enjoy their food, but I don't think I will be going back.
2	I'd been here about three years ago... maybe under different management. But when I went again this past week there was nothing left of the good memories from the previous visit: Indifferent service; mediocre food; and it wasn't even cheap. I'll not be going back.
1	ALERT !! ALERT!Pho Bang is now Pho THanh. The only thing that I had here was Banh Mi. So far it  is very good but it takes forever!!! There  are too  many waiters and not enough cook. I don't know if this is true anymore but waiter from this restaurant does not get tips, the owner takes it all. That's the price waiters here pay for getting paid under the table.
