5	My hair has never looked so good or felt so healthy!!! I'm definitely sticking with Viva! Viva is in a great location in Summerlin right next to my house, the cute receptionist is always smiling and friendly, and the stylists are all super talented from what I've seen each with different styles of their own.  It's very family-friendly, so I'm never hesitant to bring my son if I can't get a sitter.  Jessica does my hair and I'm never disappointed!! She's certified to do my Great Lengths extensions which is so hard to find!
4	I get a color every two weeks.  Tommy does a phenomenal job!  What a professional, courteous young man!
5	I have had hair extensions for 8 year's have tried every kind and brand (I am a bit fanatic about my hair)  I am so happy I found Viva Salon and especially Racquel!!!  I was referred by my friend who is a hair fanatic too and she insisted I go. She should do a review too but people tend to only write reviews when they want to vent....not me I am so happy I was inspired to write a review and I never do this!!! So glad my friend  convinced me to go to Racquel I walked in and was greeted with a big smile and a warm welcome,  The salon was clean and stylish, I sit down and was offered a beverage I got a water but found out they have a keurig! lol sometimes it's the little things.  Then when I got my hair done Racquel was able to put a weft in and individuals extensions (sometimes stylists only do one kind boo) I love her knowledge versatility and experience.  I don't know everything she did but damn everyone, even strait men were complimenting my hair all week long.  She must be some master cutter!!!  Then she convinced me to do the hombre highlights (like the Victoria Secret models) and I loved that too.  So as a person who obsesses over her hair and has tried everyone and every salon with over 15 years living in vegas...trust me and go to VIVA Salon and ask for Racquel!!!!
5	Tommy is AMAZING!  Went in yesterday to get my hair done . . wanted a change for the fall season, wasnt really sure exactly what i wanted, just wanted something fun and different.  He added more blonde, some dark to the back and some violet pieces that stand out.  This was the first time I had been to Tommy and I'm so happy with the results!!!  I will DEFINITELY be back to have him do my hair again.  I cant believe all the compliments I'm getting at he office today of the awesome job he has done!!!!!!
5	I've been getting my haircut here for about 6 months and highly recommend Viva Salon. Chelsi does a wonderful job cutting and styling my hair! The salon itself is also very nice, clean and relatively new. If you're looking for a new stylist I recommend Chelsi at Viva Salon.
1	I have been researching hair places for weeks now trying to find the best place to go and I came across this salon on Groupon today because there was an offer for 35.00 for 60.00 which would cover a hair cut. I thought it was a great deal to try out a new place! I called the salon before purchasing the Groupon to confirm that I could use it and they said they are no longer offering the deal I was referring to even though Groupon was going to allow me to purchase it. According to Groupon the offer hadn't expired yet and still showed "limited time remaining."  I even got to the last step just before entering payment information and it didn't state that the Groupon had expired. This place may give great hair services but was disappointed with the conflicting information given!
5	Go see Racquel Bray! She is the best! Racquel does my hair, both my kids and husband. The kids are always excited to see her and her cuts and colors are awesome! The other stylist are always super friendly too!
5	Thank you Tony!I called this place and told them I need a haircut and wanted to see who they recommend.  I told them it should prob be a male bc I've had way too many catty women traumatize me with their diva ways.  The guy instantly recommended "Tony or Seth".  After reading some good reviews about Tony I went with him.I have long super thick hair, which most stylists get very impatient and cut corners towards the end, he spent so much time on it.  He kept asking me when I showed him pictures if i wanted the "victoria secret look," not having high hopes after many bad experiences, i said sure.  I ended up with one of the best cuts ever! I have never liked my hair long because it is so thick and heavy it lays so flat, he cut into it so it has more volume and yet all the dead ends are gone without losing any length! I'm pretty much in love with myself right now!!! Best experience ever!Also, staff is not snooty or too cool like a lot of other salons in vegas!!! They are were smiling and very friendly.  Glad I found this place, now I don't have to cut my hair on my own!!!Thank You Tony for being awesome and kind and great at what you do!!
4	Thank you Raquel! I went to see Raquel because I have very dry, brittle hair, and I didn't have a stylist in Vegas since I moved out. First, Raquel listened and heard my concerns and had quick solutions to get my hair to a healthier state.  She applied a treatment to my hair, trimmed and styled my hair.  I couldn't believe MY hair was as soft as it was when I left.  She helped me to pick products that would help me to have a healthier head of hair.  I was very, very pleased and I got compliments when I went out that night!The facility is modern, clean and all of the staff were friendly and smiling.  I would recommend Viva Salon and Raquel Bray to anyone!
5	Tausana is awesome! She did exactly what I wanted and desperately needed! She is super cool and very down to earth. Did awesome layers for my style (beachy)Salon is also very nice and trendy. Loved it!
5	The place is great and Julia did an amazing job! Hope to be back soon. Thank you Julia!
4	I've only been coming to this salon the last two times, but I'm making appointments regularly. The salon itself is very clean, contemporary, good atmosphere and has young talent. I recommend Racquel, she is very sweet and will get to know you because she wants to not because she has to. I chose her because of the good reviews here on Yelp and they have been right on. She listens to what you want but also encourages you to try new things. She will bend over backwards to get you in on last minute and always communicates when there is a change. I think I've found a home!! I'm not going anywhere :-)
5	Julia did exactly what I wanted! I've never had my hair colored before so I was a little nervous of the outcome. It ended up amazing! I would definitely recommend this place! Thanks Julia!!!!
5	Best salon! Always clean and you can tell the stylists knew what they're doing. I've been going to Raquel for a few years now and even though I've moved to the other side of town I'll always make the trek to see her. She really cares about what you're looking for and will make suggestions if you don't know. Definitely check this salon out.
5	In town visiting family, too many bad hair days so called Viva Salon to see if they'd take walk-ins. They took me in right away. Everyone was very friendly and relaxed, felt like I was walking into a friends home. I only needed a trim but Julia took her time and didn't push me for more services. She was fantastic, I walked out of there feeling like I got the royal treatment.
5	Most amazing salon EVER!! They fit me in on short notice and did an amazing job! I have been trying to dye my hair lighter (it's originally a really dark brown) and every time it came out orange. After saving numerous Pinterest and Instagram pics of my ideal color I headed to my appointment. Only thing.. I didn't have to show the hairstylist! I explained what I wanted and she made it even better than I could ever imagine! I highly recommend seeing Samantha! She did an amazing job with my dark hair and I will be going back!
5	Love coming to the salon! The shop is very cute and trendy. Good music to listen too. All the girls there are super nice! I don't trust to many people to dye/cut my hair. But Tausana and Jessica always do a fantastic job! And prices are reasonable!  You will never leave disappointed! Highly recommend!
5	This is an absolutely beautiful salon!! Such a friendly atmosphere and no matter what, I'm always greeted as if they've known me forever!
5	Amber Carmen saved my hair! I used boxed hair dye to try and dye my brown hair blonde. My hair turned all sorts of weird colors of orange and yellow. I went into Amber and she fixed my hair and trimmed it too! My hair is super healthy and still long and looks great! I would recommend Amber Carmen to any one looking to get there hair done or fixed.
5	I just wanted to share how grateful I am for Tausana & her magic hands. On the left was a picture taken months ago. My hair was shorter, unhealthy, so many different colors, uneven & just a mess. On the right is my hair now longer, so much thicker, way more healthy, & completely blonde. She brought my hair back to life. Im so happy I started going to her. She really is one of the best in the bizz. If you need your hair done go to her you won't be disappointed at all.
5	I love Viva Salon! They just remodeled and it is gorgeous.  They have so many talented stylists.  I personally go to Jessica who is an incredible colorist and stylist. She also can do extensions - I highly recommend going to her for them!  I have blonde hair and it's hard to find someone.. Jessica gets it right every time! She also does great Men's cuts (she's been cutting my bf's hair for years.) I Will be a Viva Salon client forever! Highly Recommend!
5	From Canada and just in Vegas for vacation but desperately needed a color correction.  Samantha transformed my wreck into a beautiful color. Just wish we had taken a before pic.
5	I was very pleased with my experience at Viva Salon. I'm new to vegas and was looking for a new stylist. One of my coworkers said she goes here so I gave it a try! My schedule matched up with a stylist named Julia. I got highlights and a hair cut. I also got a kerastase deep conditioning treatment for being a new client of hers! My hair looks and feels amazing. The salon is beautiful and everyone I encountered was friendly. Needless to say I will be back!
5	My usual hair person of 10+ yrs was out of town and a friend suggested I go to Racquel at Viva Salon for a trim and she was great!  Very professional, on time and a great haircut.  I am not switching to Racquel and couldn't be happier!
4	My hair needed some love. I had split, dry ends from a previous Ombre (not at this salon); it was actually breaking off. I walked into this place after yelping what was near my neighborhood. They were able to get me in with a stylist who listened to what I was looking for. I got a cut, treatment and blow out. My hair looked a TON better when I left. The interior is nice and clean. All the stylists working seemed to be attentive and professional. It may be a just a tad pricey but not ridiculous. I really needed a place that would take care of my damaged tresses and I was happy after I left.  :)
5	McKenzie is a Rock Star!!! She is super fun, easy to chat to and very stylish! She listened to everything I did not want but I gave her free range to give me something new. I really appreciated that she did not take me too far from my element but it was very fresh & new for me. After my appointment I loved the new look so much.. I HAD TO GO OUT AND SHOW IT OFF! She took my boring straight, no volume blonde to a SEXY, fun, vibrant blonde! McKenzie was exactly who I needed to find as my new stylist in Vegas. She can really bring sexy back! Thank you McKenzie!
