4	It's a dive but I swear this is the best grilled chicken sandwich I have ever had.  We used to come here a couple times of week when I was in college.  The BBQ sauce is to die for.  And it is so cheap.
4	The Chuck Box has fresh and delicious burgers and chicken sandwiches.  They grill  your food right in front of you and they have a great condiment bar so you can get just the right amount of toppings.
4	The Chuck Box is one of the best burgers you will find in the Phoenix metro. The style is kick back, with wood chips on the floor and a pick-up counter, so you can never feel "too scrubby" to go to the Chuck Box. And the condiment bar is top notch, which is always major points for me. If anyone has been to the Original Hamburger Works near downtown, they know what I'm talking about, and this one is comparable. Fantastic hangover food and really good the rest of the time.
3	this wood shack has been in tempe for as long as i can remember and i've probably been.. two times, maybe three?for as much as everyone swears by these burgers, i thought they were just ok. it's served and order counter style, so it's very casual -and very busy at lunch time during the week.nothing in particular to complain about, just didn't wow me.
4	The Chuck Box is dark. Very dark. Even in the day time it feels like night in that place. This doesn't help when it comes time to put condiments on one's burger. I am skeptical as to how well the condiment bar looks in good light, which may explain the choice of lighting. Still, grinning and bearing it, I load up my veggie burger with appropriate toppings and, usually with fried zucchini in hand make my way to one of the very uncomfortable seats.Every time I go to the Chuck Box I feel as if there is going to be something wrong with the food, and this something is being concealed from me by the lack of lighting. Yet, each time I go I have a delicious veggie burger or grilled chicken sandwich. My friends have also enjoyed "real" burgers there as well. Maybe it's best they keep the lights dim, but the food tastes so good there may be nothing to fear after all.
1	The Chuckbox is severely overrated. On the strength of its reputation, it was one of the first places I tried when I moved to Tempe. Over the years I've stopped by now and then to see if it had gotten any better.   Nope, still the same boring burgers.Char-broiling a burger over an open flame just doesn't do it for me. It always results in a dry, bland burger.  Mesquite or no, it doesn't really make much difference when you're quickly broiling the burger. And it doesn't help much to pile on a bunch of junk from the condiment/topping bar--it just makes the thing a big mess.  I'd much rather have a burger cooked on a flat griddle-surface like they do it at Delux and Welcome Diner. And when the kitchen applies the toppings for you, it results in a better melding of flavors with the rest of the burger.
3	How much wood could a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood?  Sorry.  I went there.  Couldn't resist.  With that said, that stupid tongue twister is all I could think about inside the Chuck Box.  I certainly wasn't waxing poetic about the food.  I thought the burgers and chicken burgers here were OK, but just average.  The chicken burger with pepper jack was cooked just right, but nothing about it struck me as better than normal.I've seen other burger joints with condiment bars, and was hoping for something distinctive, but no - just the typical average fixings.  The feel in here is very country or Midwestern with the wooden boxes as stools and burlap sack ceiling.  I dunno.  Can't really place it, but it's very laidback and unassuming here.  I like it, but The Chuck Box felt and tasted just average to me.Cash only.
5	One of the best things about moving to Tempe from Chandler was being closer to The Chuck Box. My older cousin and uncle took me there as a treat when I was a child. As a grown-up, I was there almost weekly.Few things make me happier than scarfing down a perfect burger with a cold Coke, snacking on some fries, sitting on a wooden box and swatting at the occasional fly.I miss you Chuck Box, and I want a framed portrait of Big Juan for my living room.
4	We all have our favorite burger haunts, and the Chuck Box is a favorite of mine, especially since it was one of the first, well, dives I ever went to for a burger.  I finally got a chance to go back there after several years' absence.I'm sure that when it was built (which I don't know when that was, the Box was a veteran burger joint when our family moved to Arizona in the early 80s), it was on the north side of Arizona State University, but as ASU has grown, it's probably more accurate to say that it's now kind of in the middle of ASU.In any case, the Chuck Box is basically a burger shack, emphasis on the shack. It's old gnarled wood, and it sports a definite sloppiness in construction that's the hallmark of a "shack". Actually, sometime in the 80s I remember the place had a bit of a makeover, in which they added some windows (greatly increasing the light level), added some ventilation (greatly reducing the smoke level from the grill), and removed a lot of the accumulated crap on the walls and ceiling. I think I liked it better before, but I'm not a building code enforcer, either.But, even though the random mementos on the wall are interesting (including such oddities as a picture of Ronald McDonald signed "Even Ronald likes to go to the Box!"), the real features of the Chuck Box are the several foot long charcoal grill, several Frialators, and a big giant condiment bar (that says "Have it your way... but play fair!"). Basically, it's all about having a grilled sandwich, with the main features being the "Big One" 1/3 lb burger, and the "Great Big One" 1/2 lb burger. They also have a variety of grilled chicken sandwiches and the like. All the burgers are available on white or wheat buns, with several cheeses (including pepper jack), bacon, or even fried peppers.Finally, you can round out your burger with the free condiments bar. Nothing terribly elaborate here, but it's got a decent array of your basic burger toppings (onions, pickles, pickled jalapenos, mustard, etc).Pros:1. This is a seriously good charbroiled burger done right. I opted for my normal, a Big One with swiss and grilled peppers, with a bunch of onions, mustard, and jalapeno piled on.2. Free well-stocked condiment bars should be the norm at any burger joint...3. The fries (a.k.a. Chuckbox Potatoes) are quite good here, with a nice crunchy exterior and a mashed-potato-like interior. Seriously, I like the fries here.Cons:1. Being in the middle of ASU, parking can be an issue, and on occasion, it's pretty crowded.2. If it's not sunny out, this place can be danker than Moe's Tavern.All-in-all, I was glad to see that one of my favorite burgers for over 20 years is still a solidly dependable burger.
5	If you're looking for a mesquite flame grilled burger (or chicken) and you value the taste and quality of the meat as well as the overall grill flavor of the burger....Then the Chuck Box is the only place to go in Phoenix.  There is a reason its packed at lunch.  There is a reason its been around for years while other places come and go.  There is a reason the locals swear by it.  There is a reason the atmosphere is minimal and the main draw is the burger.  The Chuck Box burgers are that good.Why are they that good?  Its a mesquite open flame grill that has not had time to cool down in 20 years.  Trust me the burgers are moist and oh so full of that grill flavor.As far as Mullac's review: Garbage, his other reviews are of bistros, not a burger expert.  As far as the condiment bar, its minimal because the burgers are 1lb and trust me when I say they only need minimal condiments to add flavor to the burger.  He prefers "flat griddle-surface" for a burger, that disqualified the review right there.Oh and Lauren: Its busy during lunch because its that good.  If the burger at the Chuck Box was OK where did you have better?Sorry I love food, and the Chuck Box got me all through college and is still a favorite.  Yes I created a Yelp account just to write this review.  Look at all the people who know what they're talking about, all the ones rating Chuck Box a 5.
4	I think it's important to make a restaurant distinction here. If you appreciate dive-like settings with a) good food and/or b) good service, then you'll like Chuckbox. Oh, also being a meat-eater would help. If you're a sanitation-freak, I wouldn't come here.Having eaten my lunch too early, I walked across the street from my office to the Chuckbox to give it a try. I stood in line and a nice man behind the grill took my order. A Big One, wheat bun. He then reaches into a bag o' buns and pulls it out with his bare hands, stabs it with burger and cheese identifying toothpicks, and tosses them on a flat grill surface to toast. Then he grabs his spatula and continues to flip.The burgers move around the heat according to their done-ness, and the chicken goes where the burger was, the pineapple goes where the chicken was....get my point? If it wasn't cooked, maybe some would be worried about cross-contamination.Anyway, the burger was AWESOME. I thought it was juicy and had good flavor. It looked like he sprinkled season salt on it--I could be wrong. I love a ton of condiments, so I really appreciated having a bar of them to myself. The lettuce was lacking--just a hacked up iceberg with some not so yummy parts, but everything else was what I wanted and more.This place is all about expectations, and that's why I rambled so much about what some would love and what some would be terrified about. I'll come back and try the chicken.
5	A million years ago, when I was a desert-dweller, the Chuckbox was my absolute favorite stop for a smoky tender chicken sandwich. The place is a dive, and was literally falling apart, just like their soft juicy meat. They grill the meat as you wait in a cafeteria style line with carniverous anticipation. Probably a vegetarian's worst nightmare, this spot is a MUST for any BBQ lover who is trapped in a desert college town.
4	I had heard about this place from co-workers, but never made it over there. Today, that was changed. They had pretty good parking, but I imagine at night when ASU is in session it gets pretty packed and hard to get in and out of. However, not an issue in the summer. Upon entrance I noticed that they had a sign saying CASH ONLY! This was a problem since I only $2 on me. They did have an ATM inside but I was originally against paying the service fee. I caved after a few seconds in the 110 degree heat. I bought a bacon cheeseburger w/ Cheddar. I was pretty good. As far as burgers go it certainly ranked up near the top! Plus, the price was pretty good too! $4.59. When I was paying I also ordered a pitcher of beer. the total was just over $12. This either means that a pitcher of Bud Light was $7( on the higher side), or that I was charged extra for Cheddar cheese. On their menu the cheeses listed coming with my burger were American, Swiss or jalapeno. NOT CHEDDAR! Oh well. Live and learn. Overall I was delighted. Good burger; Good beer; Kind of dumpy on the inside, but I think that was the whole point. That "dive" burger joint that is a hidden gem. I will be going again, just making sure that I don't get jacked because I think burgers taste better with Cheddar cheese.
4	This place reminds me of a backyard family barbecue. The juicy burgers and fried zucchini are great. If you're a bacon fan, you'll fall for the grilled mound of bacon on each of their bacon burgers. The Tijuana Torpedo is also a winner.Their cash only policy is a slight inconvenience, but my gripe would have to be the inefficient ordering process. It does allow you to watch your burger cook, however.
5	hamburgessa heaven.  Guac and bacon on a burger is ingenious.  I do wish they had some curly fries or something but the burgers cant be beat.  Also, the condiment BAR is brilliant
3	they make burgers!
4	I love the Chuckbox.  Juan, great tasty burgers, great tasty ASU Co-Eds, condiment bar, onion rings, etc etc etc.I have never had a bad experience there.  When working off of Priest a few years back, a group of us would go weekly.  Can't miss.
4	So Michael and I drove all the way here on Sunday because he was craving a hamburger (again)... of course there are quite a few places in central phoenix that have good burgers but I guess we were feeling adventurous and decided to travel to downtown Tempe to the Chuck Box.   I have memories of the Chuck Box from when I was a little kid and used to go to work with my dad during the summer... he worked at the ASU Student Book Center on College Ave and we would come here often for lunch.  Back then everything seemed much bigger from the size of the place to the size of the burgers.   While Michael and I were perusing the menu we noticed (out loud) that the menu and the condiment bar were almost exactly the same as Hamburger Works in Phoenix.  The guy behind the counter mentioned that the manager of the Chuck Box was part owner of Hamburger Works... it all makes sense now:)... and i guess we didn't have to drive that far after all.   The burgers were tasty and so were the fries... it really hit the spot!
5	Delicious burgers grilled over charcoal and dressed the way YOU want it at the self-service condiment bar. One of top 3 best burgers I've ever had, and full of smoky grilled flavor goodness.  Very reasonably priced!  I made my way by bus on a long layover at the airport, and it was well worth the trip and time spent.
4	I have been going here for 20 years now!  It hasn't changed a bit!  Perfection needs no change!  Great burgers for sure!
4	This is another place I have been coming for years. I was a student across the street at the fine art department at ASU and I could smell the food down the street. I actually have to leave those oh so interesting lectures from time to time to grab a bite to eat. The food is actually very good even though the building look like it has been there since the 1800's! It actually reminds me of Greasy Tony's (RIP) in that it doesn't look inviting but the food is really good. I always get a burger as I cannot resist them. The food is reasonably priced but is worth it. Consider going down the street and buying a Sourdough Jack and fries for $7 and this food is a much better bet. If you are in the area I strongly recommend it!
4	Holy crap that's a good burger!Hot damn them's good french fries!I'll be a monkey's uncle, that's some quick service!Unfortunately, the condiment bar kinda grossed me out, and they were out of Coke.  Who runs out of Coke?  Still, KILLER burger, AND cheap, AND just a short walk from the light rail stop at Veterans and College.  Couldn't have asked for a better place to stop and grab a bite on the fly.
4	I like it! I like it! I like it! It's cheap and good.They salt the hell outta the fries and the burgers are grilled right in front of you. It's about 4 blocks south of the light rail, so it's easy to get to from the Light Rail. And you can get beer!The interior is dark, sparse and a bit run down, but that's what they are shooting for so, so be it. Basically a damn good burger at a good price.
4	Mmmm... Chuck Box... Droooool...So this place looks kind of run down, some of the staff looks a little scary, and there's literally a 1" thick layer of grime on the brick next to the grill that's probably taken 40 years to build up, but damn is it a good burger. This is one of those places where they go out of their way to disgust you and you still come back because the food is so good.
1	I can sum chuck box up in one word, crap. I have been a few times, mostly because everyone keeps telling me it is amazing, so I keep trying it over and over again to see if I am missing something. Nope. It is still garbage. I would honestly rather go to in n out (in n out isn't something to write home about either, but that just proves my point)
4	My husband and I were looking for a Port of Subs that he swore he'd seen in Tempe, and while we never found it, we ended up at The Chuckbox!  And I'm glad we did, because it was delicious!  It's sort of like a Fuddruckers, but I think the burgers were waaay better!  I got the guacamole bacon burger.  The guacamole wasn't the best I've had, but it was pretty decent.  They cook the burgers on an open flame right in front of you so when you get them they're hot and juicy and delicious!  I also got onion rings, which were pretty darn good as well.  I will definitely go back there whenever I'm feigning a burger!
4	I'm not a big burger eater. Mostly because I just don't think most burgers are worth the while. But I like them at back-yard bbqs and I like them at a few places. Chuck Box is one of those places.I usually eat there at least once when I'm in TempeI get the Big one with whatever cheese I'm in the mood for, on a whole-wheat roll and some onion rings and/or fried mushrooms. The condiments are great, but don't over do it because you want to taste this burger.The place has a hokey kind of cowboy vibe which is just fine. What would be the point of being pretentious about a burger joint?
4	All I can say about Chuckbox is YUM. This is by far my favorite burger place in Arizona..maybe ever. I love the Tijuana Torpedo, which has a huge patty, green chiles and pepper jack cheese. I am a condiment whore, so having the option to pile my burger with whatever I want is a definite plus. By the time I'm done making my own burger, it's way too big to eat, so I have to dissect it into smaller portions..which is fun for me and highly entertaining for my friends.The only reason it doesn't deserve my 5th star is for ambiance and speed. If you're in a hurry, chuckbox might not always be the best option. But if you're in the mood for a juicy well cooked burger then go there.. now.and don't forget to stop by an ATM on the way, because this old school place only accepts cash.
5	Chuck Box = best fast food burger in the Phoenix area.  Not to mention, they're fries are awesome.  Their fried zucchini is to die for.  Yes, you might clog an artery eating here, but it's a burger joint.  I'd much rather gain a couple of pounds here than at McDonald's or its counterparts.
4	I've been eating at the chuck box since first going to college at ASU in 1988.  It was great then and its great now.  I love the burgers grilled on an open flame right in front of you.  I love the elaborate toothpick communications system they have to indicate what meat goes on what bun with what cheese.It seems like they used to have some yellow/ banana peppers on their condiment bar but the last time I was there they only had jalapenos.   I enjoy the Big One with jalapeno jack on a wheat bun.  I get  side of fried mushrooms.  Everything about the place is just about right.  No five stars because they don't take cards - cash only.
4	So I was back at the Chuck Box and I noticed something I had not before...Most restraunt bathrooms have a sign that says: "Employees must wash hands" and I have a standard joke about what a pain it is to have to wait for an employee to come by to wash my hands, I'm perfectly capable of washing my hands ha ha ha. But the, otherwise unattractive bathrooms at the Chuck Box have a clearly worded sign that says: "All Employees must wash their hands before returning to work!"Good burgers! Grammatically clear sanitary signage! What's not to like!
3	FRIES!!!  If you ask for fries, you'll hear the guy yell 'FRIES!!!" quite loud as the line moves on through.  Great personality to this place, from the atmosphere to the employees.  When I visited here in the early 1990's there was the same guy everyday who did the fry yelling, and it's sad to not see him there any more.Burgers and such are grilled right in front of you.Cold beer served in cute mason jars.Hot fries and other fried sides.Condiment bar can start to look a little sketchy over time and there's limited seating during prime hours.
3	It's just a burger. Sure, it's good, it's cooked to order, and you can top it how you want it. I wouldn't drive 20 miles to eat here. (FYI: cash only)Pros: It's cheap, about $4 for a burger. The quality of the meet is good, and the cooking crew knows what it's doing. The onion rings are also excellent -- actual rings of onions, no bits and pieces.Cons: 1) Dingy, dirty, dark. I don't mind the rough and simple setup, but it would be nice if they cleaned all the drips and spots off the condiment bar from time to time. Finding tomato slices in the mustard is not pleasant. Garbage overflowing the barrels is also a problem. 2) The french fries are sub-par. They're undercooked, barely crispy. Stick to the onion rings. 3) The lines. This place doesn't have enough room for all its customers, and it can be a zoo. Go off hours, if you can figure out when that is.
5	Woohoo! This is the most amazing burger you will ever taste!! Lets start out with the cute little log cabin feel, this place is seriously rugged and worn, but in the greatest old western town kinda way. We in Arizona can greatly appreciate this feeling since we are from the Wild West. :)Food... I like food and my burgers, well, I like them charcoal broiled! They cook the burgers on a charcoal grill right in front of you, the smell is amazing!!  The fries are good, at best, and the onion rings are about the same. Price is good too, my boo and I spend about $20 for 2 burgers, fries, onion rings and beer :)
4	I have worked a block away from The Chuck Box for the last three years, but I only gave it a shot a couple of months ago, and then I kicked myself for not walking in this place years earlier.  I'm a vegetarian, and this may be the reason I would have never considered going into this place, until I discovered (via Yelp) that they have a veggie burger on their menu.  I order my veggie burger with pepper jack cheese, and two slices of grilled pineapple, and it is delicious.  By the way, hands down, The Chuck Box has the best fries in Tempe.Now, there are a couple of reasons why I'm giving The Chuck Box four stars instead of five:  1) They only take cash, no cards, and this is a little frustrating in 2009.  There is an ATM in the place, but of course there is a fee for taking cash out, so you can add $2.50 to the cost of your lunch, which can kill the cost-effectiveness of eating at this place.  2) This place can get really busy and the ordering system is abrasive, i.e. the cook yelling at people to take their order.  Now, some people probably love this system, because it creates a unique atmosphere, but I just find it kind of nerve-racking.A side note for vegetarians: If you have a problem with your food being cooked on grill that has had meat products cooked on it, where your veggie burger is in close proximity to meat on the grill, you will probably have a problem eating here.
4	I love ChuckBox. The quality of the meat and the status it is the place to go in Tempe. My own real issue is how busy it is  all the time and the loud atmosphere other than that my burger and onion rings are always good and fresh!
4	Chuck Box is awesome. Its cheap and the burgers and chicken are great.  Indoor and outdoor seating in a sort of log cabin/ farm house setting, cooked to order, condiment bar, very relaxed atmosphere.  If i lived close enough i would totally walk here hungover in PJs with my hair fro-ing to get some grub and feel totally fine about it.  Only down side is i dont think they serve alcohol, but who needs booze when you have heaven on a bun, huh?
5	Hands down....the best burgers on the planet.
4	I enjoyed the char grilled burgers here very much. The meat is fresh when placed on the grill. Once your burger is cooked, you put all the side on (as little or as much as you want). Fries are good, but not great.Has a relaxed atmosphere. The place always is busy when I go or drive by.
1	I went here in November 2003 and was not impressed at all.  The place is dark, dirty and dingy...my burger was small, overcooked (and I like things well done!) and not all that impressive - taste wise.  The fries/onion rings were about average and the cost was not as cheap as many people would like you to believe.Now, keep this in mind - I had yet to try In-N-Out Burger when I decided I did not like The Chuck Box...once I had In-N-Out, it was all over for The Chuck Box.I have no idea why anyone would go here with In-N-Out only a short distance away.  In-N-Out tastes better, it's cheaper and definitely cleaner...I wonder what frequent visitors to the Chuck Box think about it being dark as hell...maybe to cover up the grime?
5	I have never had a better burger than the burger at Chuck Box. I try so hard to recreate the awesomeness that is the combination of the lean 80/20 beef (bought from a local Scottsdale butcher, and hand pounded using old Mexican preparations), crisp greens (or grilled green chillies/pineapple), and lightly toasted bun; but my efforts are futile. It cannot be done. I have to admit, I worked at this run-down looking little shack, but it wasn't until I recognized the "flavor" that I knew I had to be part of a legend. Don't expect a cute little smile when you walk in the door, and don't wear your sunday best. Rest assured that anything you order will be the best you'd ever have. A guide to ordering at The Chuck Box: White or wheat? Chicken (Plain, Hot n' Spicy, BBQ, or Teriyaki) or Beef (Little Once (1/5lb), Big One (13/lb), or Great Big One (1/2lb))? Cheese (American, Swiss, Pepperjack, or Cheddar)? Bacon? Green Chile? Pineapple? Guac? (believe it or not you then dress it up yourself at the best condiment bar). And on the SIDE: Fries, Onion Rings, Mushrooms, Zucchini, Jalapeno Poppers, Chicken Strips, Chili? ......Man I want some right now....
4	Ventured here for lunch  today with my good friend Austin. Another successful lunch! The Chuck Box knows exactly who their customers are, exactly what they offer and they execute with precision. Charcoal grilled burgers, fries or onion rings and a condiment bar with the essentials to finish off your meal how you like it. A home bbq weekend when ever you're in the mood.It's simple, it's effective and above all, it's good.Their cash only policy is a minor annoyance that you quickly forget after sinking your teeth into the fresh-off-the-grill meal.
5	Best burger in my town and probably your's as well.  I have people who come in town and the first place they want me to take them to is The Chuckbox in Tempe, AZ (close to ASU campus).  Great burgers, fries, cold beer simple.  ASU Staple for 30-40 years.
4	Huge, delicious, decently priced burger.
5	Best Burger on Earth.  Yep, it's a dive and yep, it's a dark dingy place. But I've never had an overcooked or under cooked burger.  They've always made my perfectly and the orders always come out quickly.  Bring cash and walk away very full.
3	I've only ever heard great things and Chuck Box was one of the only places in Tempe that I had never been to. So I had to see what it was all about. All I can is, Meh. I like the old building, I like the patio, the burger was decent, like something you'd eat at a summer barbecue, but nothing that blew me away. I was surprised that it was a little pricy. The fries were under a heat lamp and reminded me of cafeteria fries, you know, the kind that come frozen in big bags from Costco. Smashburger and In-and-Out are both in close proximity and I'd rather go to one of those places than here.
5	I was told that the Chuckbox would have the best burger I EVER had, ever.  I was not lied to.The 1/2 pound burger I had was fantastic.  I also had onion rings and and an ice cold beer to wash it all down.Their menu is not extensive, but it did not need to be.  They do one thing, and they ARE the best.  Well, at least the best I've ever had yet.If you can recommend a better burger: please let me know.
5	My favorite burger joint in az.  I don't throw that statement around, so try it for yourself.  The burger is cooked fresh, not frozen, over an open flame.  The onion rings are fresh and you can truly make it your way at the condiment bar.  Only bummer is that it's cash only, but nothing will keep me away from a chuckbox burger.  I wish they had drivethru.
4	First things first, this is the best burger in Tempe.  Juicy, flavorful, and just the right size (if you get the great big one).  Good selection of condiments, too.The onion rings and mushrooms are good, too (although it's hard to finish the mushrooms).  Nothing like a pile of grease to get your heart a workout.The fries are nothing special.  They taste like your standard notch-above-BK fries... Not crap, but won't have you coming back like Five Guys fries.
3	3.5 stars!  The Chuck Box is the kind of place you can just plop down, relax, and have a good meal after a long day at Arizona State. I was first dragged to the questionable looking joint by my two fellow Digital Artist classmates at the time.  I can't remember the exact name of the burger I got but it had plenty of guacamole.  That alone makes this place a winner!The portions are huge, the food is yummy, and there's always something special about watching your burger being cooked right in front of you.  Definitely give this place a try if you're around the area.  I wouldn't make any special trips out here though.  Also to note:  cash only.
4	If you want a good burger that's NOT frozen or from a fast food restaurant, but also is a GREAT price for college students ..... Look no further! The Chuckbox is awesome!The burgers are big and juicy and homemade and their fried mushrooms/zucchini are REALLY good, if you don't mind fried food....which I don't :DAlso, all their employees (well most) have been there forever! Making it pretty cool that the joint has so much history. For example, the place opened 37 1/2 years ago and the current supervisor has worked there for 37 years! The main burger chef has been flippin' for 20 years! And other employees have been going into The Chuckbox now for 9 years and counting. Oh, and they cook it right in front of your eyes while you wait in line to pay :D how fun!
4	City of Tempe and its residents should be excited to have this place around! Awesome burgers and fries, wine or beer on tap, help-yourself condiments bar, chill atmosphere, indoor and outdoor seating, super affordable prices that are specifically designed for small budgets (college students), great service, etc.The only con is that it's on cash only basis but they have an ATM machine inside.
4	So, I finally got to try the Chuck Box. I took the advice of other reviewers and stayed away from The Little One and got The Big One and was very happy with it. First of all, BRING CASH - no cards accepted. There was a small setback while we were waiting for the food to be cooked, however the staff handled it very well and quickly picked up the slack. My boyfriend got the Tijuana Torpedo with green chilies on top. It was great. So were the onion rings, perfectly cooked! Wash it all down with a lemonade = VERY REFRESHING! I can't wait to go back. With all of those toppings, I'm sure even the garden burger would be delicious! (Not that I don't like garden burgers; I do! I just didn't think it would be the best representation of the Chuck Box.)
5	our incredible light rail adventure on v-day headed east after a stop in central phoenix. yay for me! that means lunch at the chuckbox for the first time in at least 7 years, probably longer. we could smell it from a quarter mile away. we could almost taste it when we  got to the familiar wooden patio. and we couldn't get it fast enough once we ordered ... damn, dude, we  l o v e  the chuckbox - maybe even more today than when we went to asu. juicy burgers, tasty chicken, thick bacon and a (kinda sketchy) condiment bar with lots o' fun stuff to class up your burger with. this place is all around good. you just can't say enough nice about it. they've got a system, and the system works. you'll get what you order and it will be super fresh and tasty. i can't give them less than 5 stars. i love you chuckbox. i will be back to see you again soon.
2	Holy smokes! This place was super packed when I went. I got the Big One Burger, and I thought the burger was mediocre. I recommend getting the onion rings instead of the regular fries.
4	One of the best burgers in AZ. The beef burgers are awesome, chicken burgers are great, fried zucchini are excellent. Fried mushrooms and onion rings are Ok.The restaurant itself is Ok, I think they should remodel and make sure to keep the tables clean. Negative would be that it is cash only. Go here if you want a really good burger and fried zucchini in a very casual restaurant.
5	I like burgers... a lot, and I eat them wherever I go!I tried the Chuck Box because of YELP reviews, and I can't express enough appreciation for those YELPers who turned me on to this place.  FANTASTIC burger and rings.   I had the Tijuana Torpedo -- a most tasty concoction of wood-grilled meat, spicy cheese, and green chile pepper.  I've had many similar burgers but none quite so tasty.  I wish I had more frequent opportunity to be in Tempe.
3	The chuckbox...wow. The burgers were phenomenal, the fries were good but not amazing, the condiment bar was scary but I did have the cajones to put mayo on my burger and I walked away with narry a hint of a problem. I won't make a trip to Tempe for it but if I'm around campus and wanting a burger, this is where I'm going.btw - the cash only thing, annoying but not a deal breaker. I wish I was the owner of that ATM machine.
4	You have to be crazy to stand over a mesquite fire in the Arizona heat flipping burgers.  But that craziness pays off in a remarkably charred patty, that has been licked with smoke and fire, after it has been cooked on a well seasoned grate.It is one of those thin patties that one might expect to be brown all the way through.  But not here.  Not even after the patty has shrunk to over half of it's original size.  For what it's worth, this place reminds me of a dirtier desert version of Clown Alley in San Francisco.Fries are crisp.  We got the chicken strips for the little one, and they were well seasoned, and came out literally still sizzling with oil.  I would certainly consider eating some of their other fried foods.My only nit is that I do wish they had rings of raw onion, instead of the large chunks of onion pieces.  I LOVE raw onion on my burgers, and these were just an unfortunate shape.  Either smaller or larger would have done the trick.  On the plus side, I have to admit, I love a place that is so committed to cheap beer that the best things on tap are Budweiser and Michelob.  It was cold.  It was cheap.  It went great with my burger.  And naturally they sell it by the pitcher.
5	I've been coming here since I was a little girl with my parents.  They have the best hamburgers here that you dress up the way you want.  You can choose from a little one (regular size) and big one (big) and a great big one (HUGE).  Of course whatever condiments you want too.  They have seating outside and the whole place has an old west feel to it.  They only accept cash, but it is totally worth taking a trip to the ATM. Oh yeah, get the zuchini, soooo GOOD!
5	Arguably the best, freshest burgers in town. Staff is always friendly and food is always good. Probably my only complaint is that it's pretty small inside- but hey, the small cozy wooden ambiance is what adds to the experience. Tastes like burgers at at back-yard BBQ.
5	Our group often pops by The Chuckbox when we are in Arizona for our annual Spring Training trip.  Great burgers, great price!I hear the complaints about the ambiance, but I come for the burgers, so I don't really care about the decor.
3	this place has a couple of great things working for it:- pretty original place with some character... sometimes hard to find around ASU...- tasty burgers- condiment bar- simple ordering process- decent seating indoors, even some outdoors for the few days of un-hellish heat.for these same reasons, i think it's got a couple of things working against it:- it's across the street from a college, and it's not college-kid prices for those of us that dont have daddy's dime.- cash only is not very convenient when you need a bite between classes.
5	I usually try to make it here a couple of times a month but in all seriousness I could eat here every day and never get tired of the place. Best to get there before 11:00 just to find a place to park. Nothing beats a great cheese burger and a cold draft beer.
4	I came here around lunch time and this place was packed. It is kind of "cafeteria style" where you place your order and then move down a line while you wait for them to cook up your burger. You move down a line and pick up your fries or other side items, then you get your burger and pay at the cashier. There is a condiments bar that features all the standard burger toppings. It can be a little chaotic trying to grab everything you want, and essentially make your burger. I felt really rushed since there was a ton of people there, and so it was kind of crazy getting everything. I would rather have the toppings already come on the burger instead of having to go through the hassle of doing it myself. The seating inside is somewhat limited, and very cramped. I liked this place overall though, and would definitely come back here. I thought that the burger was really excellent. The fries and fried zucchini were really good as well.
3	The buns were bought from a place like costco. The fixin bar was limited. The tomato was cold and therefore had no flavor. The meat tasted good.
2	I have been to this place a bunch. I like the idea the history and the atmosphere of a shack but this place is somewhat overrated.To me the guacamole is what does this place in. I cant get over the use of  frozen artificial guacamole. The burgers are decent but could use a little improvement.Over all I do like this place and may be harsh on the rating I wish I could give it at least three stars but I feel their overpriced for what they serve.
2	Completely over rated.  I've been there about 7 or 8 times and never had a fantastic burger.  It's not bad.......it's just not great.  Maybe it's because my childhood was never a memorial day BBQ kind of childhood, that I think thin burgers are pretty meh.  They just never have that juicy medium rare middle that I long for.  Lines are too long during peak hours and you wind up waiting just as long on off peak hours.  It's hot.  The chairs suck.  The fact that the bathrooms are outside for some reason grosses me out.  It's not that I will never eat there.  I just won't go out of my way to eat there.
5	Legendary among sun devils and understandably so.
3	The positive is that the ingredients are fresh and you are able to moderate what's on your burger. Ummmm..still thinking....yeah that was the positive. The burgers are okay nothing to comeRunning back to. The place has an original appeal but always seems unclean.  I've had better I've had worse. If you want a burger and are in the area this will do.
5	i really think that they have the best burgers in arizona right now
5	If you're looking for a good burger, there is no better choice then the Chuck!I first discovered this gem while attending ASU, and can't get enough. Don't be alarmed by the very old decor, there is no missing when it comes to burgers in this shack with the charbroiled awesomeness and the overflowing toppings bar.Try the Tijuana Torpedo!
5	Probably the best burger in the valley. Not a fancy diner so this was right up my alley.  They have a pretty good selections to choose from (beef - chicken) and assortment of deep fried foods, of course. I usually go for the double with american and onion rings. But their fried mushrooms and equally amazing. Bring cash. No CC accepted here.
3	I arrived at ASU for my freshman year in 1997 and I just went to Chuck box for the first time... TODAY!!!! Nuts.  My boyfriend loves it and I told him I was craving the kind of burger you get at a friend's backyard bbq.  Chuck Box was exactly that.  It's not fancy.  It's good.  I kinda think it's expensive, but then again... as another yelper put it- it's a Memorial day bbq burger and I'd rather pay the $6 (kinda pricey) for the a la carter burger then go out buy charcoal, buns, meat, etc, etc. Negatives: cash only.  so annoying.  it is a flat patty so just a heads up.  overall it's good, but nothing to go out of your way for.  the best thing: you don't feel sick after.  I always feel that other burgers like in and out of five brother are so greasy you love eating it, but feel bad for doing so after.  that never happens when you eat a backyard bbq burger like this one!!! think about it.  i hope that makes sense! :)  enjoy.
3	Loved the food, but I've had a hard time going back, as they only take cash.
5	Perfect college burger place that has the appearance of having been around for a million years.  Real charcoal grill in-house and the burgers a cooked while you wait after you give you order head of the line.  As I now understand (and others may have said), the choice seems to be what you want...burger, chicken sandwich, hotdog, veggie burger, etc.  What kind of cheese?  Bacon?  Green Chiles? Guac?  Fries or onion rings?  Stop past the grill, get your drink, wait for them to hand your plated, freshly prepared order (pre-cold veggies).  Walk past the drinks, grab your fries or, and pay.Lots of fresh prepared veggies and condiments on a salad bar type of island for you to add as much as you like.Very basic interior and very basic single spot necessary (a his and a hers) on the out porch.  You know the place from college if you were lucky enough to go some place that did the thing just right.  This is just right, and has the BIG extra of wood grilled meat.This place is as well done as the best of the breed.  Excellent!  I don't give many fives, but for what it is, it is just right.
5	The Chuck Box is a staple for any Arizonan as its been at the Tempe location for over 30 years.  Sadly the Scottsdale location (Taken over by Oreganos in about 2003) was much closer to where I was raised. If you are a fan of IN&Out and 5 Guys, and want to change it up, I think this place is a great place to go.The burgers are some of the best chuck you will find, grilled over mesquite wood which gives it a savry smoky flavor.  They cook the burgers right in front of you if you desire to wait in line, or they will just yell out what order is up while you grab a seat.  Toppings are self serve and fresh.  The burgers come in sizes of "a great big one" (3/4 lb), big one (1/2 lb), and a little one (1/3 lb).  Make sure to order the fries extra crispy, though onion rings and fried zucchini are local favorites.I recommend anyone visiting Phoenix and claims to be a hamburger aficioando, to try this place.  Be mindful of the Cash Only concept.
4	I didn't really notice until my girlfriend said something, but it's totally true:  We, being from Southern California, are used to having a burger joint, a greasy hole in the wall, everywhere you go.  If you go to the bank, there might be a little burger stand inside.  When you wash your car, reach your hand through the window and hot wax and grab a beefy little snack.  In Phoenix, not so much.  There ARE burger places, but most often, they're a chain:  In N Out, Five Guys, Smash Burger, Fat Burger, Whataburger, etc.... and while they all vary from being pretty damn good to at least not embarrassing, it's just not the same as going to some little hidden gem, tucked between two buildings.  You have great, gourmet places like Fez, but, like I said, it's not the same.To be honest, it's something that you really start to miss about "home" even though it hasn't been home for you in a long, long time.I've ridden past the Chuck Box quite literally, hundreds of times.  It's right on my way home from work tucked somewhere into my peripheral vision and had been ignored by my brain for YEARS.  It wasn't until my sister recommend we pop in before a movie that I even knew it was there.  I'd seen the sign, but my brain never connected the dots.This place does help to fill that void.  Not 100% but the burgers were really, really good and I love the set-up to actually see your burger get made.  Then you add your own garnishes with their floating island thing.  The price ain't too bad and the decor inside is warm and cozy.In fact, I plan on hitting it up tonight.
5	Birthday lunch! Great big one with bacon and cheddar. Love it.Long lunch line, moves quick, worth the wait!This is one of the great burger shops, the decor, the smells, the cash only, all add to its personality and charm.  Dont miss this place
4	Another staple of Tempe, Big Juan has been cooking up these char grilled burgers for some time now, it's a staple of Tempe.  Nothing fancy here, just good old American style greasy burgers.  Grab a Big Juan, Zucchini sit down play at the old school pac-man and enjoy your surroundings by ASU campus.
2	I really don't get what all the fuss is about. There was really nothing special, nothing even average about the place. The burger had no flavor to it - just tasted like ordinary ground beef with seasoned salt. The fries weren't all that great, and the bun was nondescript. There was a ton of bacon, which may sound like a good thing, but several layers of thin bacon will never beat a single layer of good quality thick-cut bacon.It really isn't the friendliest place around - the guy taking orders wasn't really rude, but didn't seem to go out of his way to be friendly.But it did get very busy a little after I got there, so obviously a lot of people disagree with me. But I don't think I'll be back.
3	Felt like memory lane-ing it today, so I headed to Chuck Box. It is as required at ASU as ENG101, so I am an old hand at this, but as a new Yelper, I found myself looking at it with fresh eyes today.Yeah, you yell your order from the back of a long line. Yeah they clown you if you look confused. Bacon swiss medium. Fries "FRIES!" Buns are Aunt Hatties, cups are styrofoam, however they go paper on the plates...standard Costco that my mom serves all of our family party meals on.Meat is great, one of the best burgers in town if only because it is the one of the only left that doesn't resort to frozen patties. Bacon is delightful.Under 10 for everything including tip. Sat on a wooden box turned sideways. College chic. Okay, college dump, but it is much more wonderful under the haze of a few hundred hungover weekends.Basically, a very solid independant no frills burger joint, kept thriving by those at ASU, and those like me, who still hold on to that fond charbroiled memory of ASU.Cash only.
5	As a former ASU Kid, this place was a staple in my diet. The smell is amazing and if you happen to study close by it can easily creep into your classroom. There's always a wait and it's sometimes difficult to get a seat but well worth it. The burgers are a make your own when it comes to condiments, may not seem too spectacular but wait until you bite into one of these mouth-watering gifts from heaven! Anything on the meu is good but two of my favorites are their fried zucchini and fried mushrooms, not the healthiest restaurant out there but well worth it for anyone visiting Tempe and ASU.
5	I really like coming here, everything is always superb! The hamburgers are quite large, and the dressings they provide on the condiment table are very nice. The onion rings and fries are nice and crispy, and cooked to order, just like everything else. I love the toothpick system the hamburger chef has for knowing which cheeses and toppings to put with which patties. Trying to decipher it keeps me entertained while waiting in line.Hot dogs are just okay, they slice them in half and grill them like burgers, even serve them on a burger bun! I usually just stick with the hamburger, even the lil one is enough for me.
1	I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.The Angus burger at McDonald's has better flavor than this one, and that's pretty bad.
4	The place is good. Think of it as going to your neighbor's BBQ. This place isn't gourmet, but who cares. It taste like normal food over the standard commercialized food, which is an awesome change of pace.The only thing I'd change is the amount of food. I got a Guac cheeseburger and fries and went back for a little one... and STILL was hungry. Ha!
5	You have holes in the wall, holes in the ground, dumps, fine dining, casual dining, fast food, and something called the Benihana.  If you have been searching your whole life for a box that serves chuck, the name doesn't lie, look no further.  In close proximity to Arizona State University, the Chuck Box fills that niche for a homesick student looking for some of daddy's buggers made on the grill.  No need to wait for the weekend, the onion rings are also great and the condiment bar is free range just like at home.  You can order you burger by the size or by non-free topping or you can get chicken.  There is also outdoor seating if you don't mind sitting on a stump.
5	List of why this place is amazing:1.  Burgers are cooked over a mesquite fire.  FIRE!2.  Small menu, and you can't go wrong.2.  Vast condiment bar.3.  Old building (one of the oldest businesses in Tempe).4.  Cool old-west atmosphere.5.  Damn good burgers.Here is what I order:1 Big One with cheddar cheese and a grilled green chile.1 side of fries or onion rings(I use no condiments on this burger configuration, ketchup with the fries)--or--1 Big One with Cheddar and Bacon (bacon is cut round like the burger, so cool!2)1 side of fried mushrooms.(lettuce, mustard, tomato, onion, ketchup)Note:  This is a cash only business!  I like to think that the IRS doesn't get their grubby paws on Chuckbox profits, due to the cash only policy, it comforts me.Parking:Parking right next to the Chuckbox can be a problem.  Use the City Hall Parking Garage on the southwest corner of 5th St. and Forest Ave.  It is 2 short blocks from the restaurant, and you'll need the walk when you are finished.
5	One of the best around.
3	Um, so if you're a stickler for sanitary methods of food preparation including the island where you get condiments, you might not like this place.I don't believe that there's anything quite wrong with this place with that regard, but the fact that there isn't air conditioning doesn't make me want to get a burger here in the middle of a Phoenix summer for so many reasons.That aside, the burgers are delicious. I don't like their fries and would probably skip those. When I was here about 6 months ago they still didn't accept any form of payment besides cash. They have a skeezy ATM machine in the corner, but I'd really rather not pay the 2-4 dollar fee for a 6-7 dollar burger.It is good for burgers and I wouldn't recommend for anything else. Definitely appeals to red-meat loving men.
5	Had a burger here today with a buddy for his birthday.  Great fries, great onion rings, and great burgers!The condiment bar is a huge plus.  All of the traditional condiments, and lots to choose from including jalepenos, which makes me happy.The tables have real copper tops, which is pretty rad.  You sit on old wooden crates, and if you sit outdoors, you sit on old wooden logs.I love that this place has never updated the decor.  No need to.  If you think it is too hot inside, you should check you surroundings.  They are cooking with fire, and you wait for your food right in front of the grill.  You know the old saying, if you can't stand the heat...When I was there today, other people were ordering chicken sandwiches.  Honestly, anything is going to taste great cooked over that mesquite fire.  Can't say I've ever had one.  Gotta get the burger here.
5	Chuck Box burgers are hands down one of the best burgers in town.  The place is very dive-y but the food cannot be beat.  Beware that this joint is CASH ONLY, although an ATM is right by the door.  Burgers (and other assorted items) are cooked right in front of you after you order on a charcoal grill.  After your food is ready you are free to help yourself to the condiment bar.  There's also plentiful outdoor seating which is great for people watching!
5	You want your burger brought to you as you sit there like a lump? You want detailed lists of ingredients and cooking styles...? You don't go to a barbecue for that! The Chuck Box is a barbecue. They are the best burger in the Valley. There are a great number of things you can put on your burger. Here's the trick, KNOW WHAT YOU WANT ON A BURGER. That's pretty easy, you've just been trained to be told whats on your burger. Get a Big One with Green Peppers, Jalapeno Jack and Barbecue sauce. Get a Chicken Sandwich with Pineapples. Get one of the best veggie Burgers I've ever had!Anyone who rates this place poorly is just not happy about standing there waiting for their burger and having to pay cash. If you are spoiled, get the hell out of this joint and eat at Denny's, they give a f$@# about what you want. You are at a barbecue, the cook will take care of you, just be nice!Love this place!
4	Chuck Box, I love you. Are you perfect? No. Are you completely sanitary? Probably not. Do you conveniently take credit cards? Perish the thought. But you serve one helluva good burger. Give me a tijiuana torpedo and some jalapeno poppers and I'll forget all your flaws.
4	A friend tipped me off on this place. What a find!  I had the Tijuana Torpedo....a large beef patty that appeared to be stuffed with jalapeno cheese, then topped with grilled chilies. It was fantastic!  I added cheddar to mine and some fixings from their excellent condiments bar.  Their fries are nothing special...I'll have to try the onion rings next time.The building is small and dark, but this isn't a place you go for ambiance...just grub down man!  The guys behind the grill were very helpful and are efficient with their jobs. The greatest thing about this place is how cheap it is.  We were able to get EXCELLENT burgers, fries and drinks for what it would have cost to go to a chain joint and order their top end burger.  AMAZING!WARNING:  CASH ONLY!! (but there is an ATM in the building)
4	Amazing burgers; like backyard bbq amazing!  ...and awesome fries, too.  Huge condiment bar -- but don't go if you're a germ freak or pay for everything in life with plastic:  This place isn't for you.  No fancy seating or bright lights -- it's tiny, you sit on old logs and there's usually a line -- but don't worry, it's worth the wait.  No "product uniformity" here, but who cares -- they're damn good!
5	I have only been to The Chuck Box once before this, and that was just around my first month of living in Tempe. That was almost 5 years ago and I certainly forgot how good this place was!I can't recall what I ordered here the first time I came but this time I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with Swiss cheese and some fries. With a medium drink added to that I was just a few cents north of $9. Not a bad deal when you get the satisfaction of seeing the actual ground beef patty being grilled in front of you. Everything was delicious again!! In a world that seems to be into the shi shi burger bars like Delux and Zinburger, it's great to still have an old fashioned burger joint like this around.Oh yeah, don't forget to bring cash or you'll pay $2.75 getting cash out of their ATM. Just FYI.
4	Loved the burgers! good sized meat patty, toasted buns and smothered with extra cheese and bacon. You pay extra for the cheese and bacon but it is well worth it they don't skimp on anything!
4	By no means the best burger I've ever had but still quite good. The guacamole bacon cheese burger was especially tasty. The atmosphere is awesome, no fuss.
5	Great burger place! Order big one on white with cheddar. Sooooo good. The burgers are soo good that you don't even need to put condiments on it if you don't want.
3	A step back in time when MTV had just kicked off and we would stop in for a burger and a pitcher before class.  Well a ga-zillion years later the burgers are good and Norm the fry guy...cashier guy is a douche!Its hard to dis on the Chuck but good lord, throw me a bone guys how-a-bout at least some semblance of customer service!!!!
4	At The Chuckbox, you are in the grill. You are a part of it, well at least that's what it feels like in the summertime coming here. I was reminded of an old tinder pile of wood, in case you were looking for the place and could not find it. I honestly do not know how they have managed to not go up in flames yet in all of the time they have been here. They have misters outside if you want to brave the desert heat and sit on the patio.Why would I review a place that has over 100 reviews? because then you can read a recent review instead of one from 2009. I am a vegetarian so I don't know if my review is baloney or what, but I assure you my gardenburger was the bomb. Draft beer anyone? My partner is a meat eater/carnivore and he assured me his burger was seared perfectly on the outside and very juicy on the inside. I could not for the life of me get him to shut up about the damn burger. I tried talking about musicians, porn, firearms, all to no avail! I really like the condiment station where you can do it yourself and pile on whatever it is that you pile on your burger. I feel like I walked into old west with hammered copper top tables and wooden crate seating. You can watch your burger being grilled and it is not frozen beef but fresh chuck. The fries were good and although I did not get the onion rings, they looked excellent on other people's plates. Just make sure you sit next to the air conditioner.
5	Simple yet perfect.  great flavor, fast line.  loved it
5	In my estimation, the best burger joint in town. Juicy, mesquite grilled burgers, cooked to perfection. Fries, onion rings, or mushrooms form a perfect compliment. The Big Juan (One) is a staple of my Phoenix diet!
3	Went to Chuckbox with a group of friends. First of all, I don't think it was stated enough it's closer to a fast food place than restaurant. It's a similar setup to Ted's Hot Dogs except it's pretty dark in there and when we went there were only 2 people working there. 1 guy on grill, 1 at register and doing everything else while he was at it. Which meant he wasn't always at the register. The burgers were good, not great and I'm not sure I agree with most of the hype. Great place if I lived near ASU to walk and grab a quick burger but overall it was pretty average.
4	I always have the garden burger, which is cooked rather conspicuously close to the actual meat to be considered vegetarian--especially when the same spatula is used to cook it and there is no "meatless" portion of the grill--but that's not what Chuckbox is about.  At least they offer a garden burger.  It goes for a western feel and a pretty relaxed attitude.  The jalapeno poppers are awesome.  Fries can be a tad salty but are still super good.Once you grab your burger and drink, you pay, then head over to the fixin' bar.The cash only part of Chuckbox is annoying if you are just passing through.  Perhaps most of their clientele are regulars, so they are prepared with cash in hand, but of course even if you forget you can get ripped off by an ATM without even having to leave the restaurant.
5	The only bad thing about this place is that they only accept cash. Other than that this place is on my number 1 list for having the best burger I have ever eaten. To describe the burger I had was sooo juicy inside, the outside was chared crispy from the open flame, the bun was air fluffed soft and the cheese was very cheese. I would take a bite I can see the juices from the burger drip. Everytime I think of this place my mouth begins to water :-P
3	This place is cash only. I know that has been mentioned a few times in other reviews, but it's always a shocker for me. The Chuck Box is a-okay. These are definitely not fancy/gourmet burgers. Think of it more as a dive-y bar burger. Oh, and don't expect to escape the heat at the Chuck Box. When you first walk in the door, you are greeted by the grill and a plume of smoke. The Food: I ordered the veggie burger with fries (FRIES). Although this is a vegetarian patty, the burger is not vegetarian. The patty is cooked on the same grill as all the meat products and there is no separation of patties or utensils. If you are a strict vegetarian or a vegan, do not even think of coming here. That being said, the garden/veggie patty was fairly good and at least the Chuck Box has a veggie patty. (I'm looking at you, In-N-Out!) The fries were also good. Not the best I have ever had and far from the worst fries I have ever had.My ASU friend got the great big one (1/2 lb.) and the guac bacon burger with cheddar. Both burgers were thin, thus cooked well done, like a normal fast food joint. He said the bacon was okay and the guac was a little spicy, otherwise to average, smoky burgers. The Condiments: In the center of the restaurant is a large station for adding your own toppings. My friend enjoyed the opportunity to put as much stuff on his burgers as he wanted. It was a mess of onions, pickles, tomatoes, mustard, and jalapenos. I added a bit of ketchup, lettuce, and tomatoes to my burger. The lettuce was just sad looking. So, so sad. Maybe bring your own lettuce?The Drinks: No milkshakes here. Just soda and beer. The former is served in styrofoam cups next to the grill and the latter is served in mason jars. Overall, this is a cash-only, average burger establishment. No frills, just thin, smoky burgers.
5	The Chuck Box is a small burger joint that is located on the ASU campus in Tempe. It's a casual little place that charbroils your burger as you order, so they always taste hot and delicious. After your burger is cooked up, you head over to the condiment bar to dress it up as you like.  They also have some pretty good onion rings, if you're into that kinda thing.You can grab a seat inside or you can also choose to sit out on the patio area. The Chuck Box is one of the best burgers that you will find in the Phoenix metro area.Keep in mind that they only accept cash.Fast and friendly service along with great food gives the Chuck Box five stars.
5	Hands down the best place to get a burger in Tempe. This place pwns in and out and five guys. I usually get the big one, but have fucked around with the tijauno torpedo, as well as the great big one (too much meat for my taste). They also have great appetizers (mushrooms, and onion rings), but tend to avoid the fries. The wings here are unique, worth a try, but stick with the burgers.
5	What?! Are you freakin kidding me?! You never ate at The Chuck Box???!!!! They only take cash cuz they get so much business they don't need your stinkin' credit card!  They didn't spend money on comfortable seating cuz they know that your not going to give a f#@$ as soon as you start eating... Best burger!  Get the big one with bacon on it.  Oh yea this place is nice.
4	Located right next To Arizona State University, Chuck Box has gained a colt following amongst students (And for good reason). In the most convenient expressions: This place is the bee's knees... Simple, Fast, and fresh burgers over an open flame for the right price. A condiment bar,  perfect for personalizing your burger along with superb fries/onion rings makes this joint one of the finest burger spots in town. CASH ONLY* so don't whip out the plastic like a rookie. Only downside is that you feel like you're in an oven in the summer time, but in the winter it's nice and cozy so dress accordingly either way. I love you Chuck Box. Eat well, Live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do.     -Cheers
4	Haven't been to this place in a looooong looooong time. Mainly because it was too close to ASU and working as a TA there was not the safest place to scape from my students.The good side is the grilled patty!! that is a winner on it's own!! then you have completely freedom to do your burger the way you want to. Juan knows better!
4	!!! ~ CASH ONLY ~ !!!This place is an absolute HOLE IN THE WALL - but in the good kind of way.  There is no diet menu here.  The Chuck Box is for Carnivores!Very casual, very open, great outside seating and perfect atmosphere.  they sell beer to help wash down your tasty burger.  I'm hooked!Parking is limited and the lunch crowd borders on almost our of control.  Get there early!
4	Chuckbox is a classic, a great, juicy burger with tons of flavor from their mesquite grill, run-of-the-mill-frozen fries, and a fixins bar that's real nice. They offer up a few extras, like a great chicken sandwich, but the star here is the beef and the charbroil it takes on.Cash only is obnoxious, but the staff is consistent and the burgers are damn flavorful and good sized.
5	The Chuck Box will always have a spot in my heart. As an ASU student in the late '90's it was my go to burger joint on the edge of campus. On a recent visit to Tempe, I was delighted to learn that the place has not changed one bit. It is my all-time favorite burger. These are large fire grilled burgers or chicken, choice of cheese, just stand and watch as your burger grills right in front of you. The dressings come on the bar so you make it to your own taste. It doesn't get any better than this for me. My must visit spot in Tempe, AZ. Love, love, love the Chuck Box. Don't change a thing.
4	Like I always say, meat always taste better when you have a heaping amount of veggies. The burgers are great and the open salad bar makes this place all the more delicious.
4	This is still the gold standard for burger's in the Valley for me.  The Tijuana Torpedo is my go to, although I've had all their burgers.  They throw green chilis on their WOOD FIRE pit and grill them, before placing a fresh patty of beef which has pepper jack cheese pounded into it, and then throw hot sauce on it (which is not really hot, it's more of a chulula type thing).  It's freakin' huge, and it's so good because of the method of cooking with the wood.  You pick your own fixins and then sit down in a cool saloon-ish vibed place and just enjoy your burger.  I live in Scottsdale and will trek down to Tempe just to get it sometimes.  Yeah, it's THAT good.
4	While cruising down University killing some time, my friend noticed The Chuck Box, and stated that we had to go there.  Other than the obvious mentioning of hamburgers, we had no idea what to expect, but based on the fact that it was a little wooden shack that was spouting smoke, we assumed it HAD to be good, and right up our alley.Later that night after a Fall League baseball game, we decided that it was the perfect time to try The Chuck Box.  The parking is a little sparse, but there was space for me, so no complaints there.  The exterior is about as dive-y as I would have guessed, to no complaints there either.  Upon entering, the interior is total dive, wooden walls, tables, benches and stools.  No velvet ropes here, but a bigass chain to separate those in line with the rest of the customers.I ordered a Big Juan, and savored the pleasant aroma of a slab of beef going onto the grill right before my eyes.  It was cooked perfectly to order, and I took my time at the condiment area to load it up with what I like.  But not too much to eliminate the flavor of the beef, which was cooked just right, still a little juicy, but nice and warm, with good natural flavor.My only knock on it is the cash-only policy.  There is an ATM there, but typically I don't carry cash on me, but since I was being all touristy, I was prepared.  But that just meant I had to pay for my ill-prepared friend who was being too cheap to get decked with ATM surcharges.Otherwise, The Chuck Box was a fantastic find, and well worth the experience, and was a fine burger overall.
5	I think The Chuck Box has been around since the time my dad went to ASU, which was many, many years ago.When I was living in AZ I would come here occasionally & I've been here a couple times over the past few years when I've been in town for a visit.The burgers (and BBQ chicken sandwiches) at The Chuck Box are DELICIOUS!  If you like burgers & can care less ambiance/atmosphere then come here.  If ambiance/atmosphere mean a great deal to you then you might as well stop reading this review & ignore the five stars.Like I said the burgers & BBQ sandwiches are fantastic (and according to my mom and sister the hot dogs are as well...they're served cut in half on hamburger buns).  Everything is grilled to order so it all tastes fresh.  A couple things at The Chuck Box that I think get overlooked because of the burgers are the sides....particularly the fried mushrooms & zucchini.  I don't know what it, but the mushrooms in particular are to die for!  In addition there's a large condiment bar w/plenty of fixings w/anything you can think to put on a burger including ranch dressing, which is perfect for the mushrooms & zucchini.  The place itself isn't much to look at, but who cares?  There's only one person taking orders as you walk in, and there's often times a line almost out the door.  They also just call orders out as they're ready, not necessarily in the order as they were placed, so things can gets a little helter-skelter, but in the end it's all good, and the Chuck Box is as good as it gets!
4	For a burger joint that caters to the local college kids in Tempe, this place is above average. You should go to The Chuck Box just to experience the way they cook their burgers in front of you while you're in line. Also above average: the price. Expect to spend a little more than the average burger when you come here, but it's well worth it. And considering the venue is local, it's an even better excuse to get your booty here on your lunch break.
5	I left here full, not stuffed, satisfied and a fan of this delicious little establishment. I just left and already I can't wait to go back. The burger was cooked to perfection and the fries and poppers were a lovely addition to my meal.
5	Chuck Box is amazing, always super tasty (I recommend the bacon avocado burger!) And the employees are welcoming, always smiling. Very relaxed, fun environment. Would be nice if they were able to increase the seating area though.
4	I love me some mesquite grilled burgers. The Chuck Box does it right!  Stopped in tonight as I was really in the mood for a good burger... They absolutely did not disappoint.  Contrary to other reviews, they do have healthy options... Wheat buns. ;-) their fried mushrooms were also very tasty.  Give it a try, you will absolute go back again and again.
3	As a person looking for a good delicious burger...I would say this is average...maybe its the history that goes behind this place, but the burgers are not as they say. even signage on the walls proves that at one time they were good. back about 1/2 a decade ago.The burgers, over the flame made them look delicious, and the idea that there is probably a few decades of grease going into each burger makes it that much more yummy at thought. But once I got the burger, MEH!!! i said. every bite disappointed, maybe adding a beer or being a drunk ASU student after a football game when having this burger would make it that much more better. The search continues....
4	Great burger joint that's reasonably priced (for a large grilled burger)  It's a little pricier than fast food, but it's much more than any fast food burger. They work pretty fast to get the line through and get the orders done. It can be a bit of a cattle chute - but that tends to be part of the atmosphere. They have a large, if pretty standard condiment bar - ketchup, mustard, lettuce, pickles. If you want something beyond that, this is not the place - unless you bring it along.
5	I have got to say that this is my favorite place for a burger period just make sure you've got cash although they do have an ATM on site. I love everything about this place: the atmosphere, location, food, and the people that work there. This is the kind of place that doesn't try to be something it's not. I've never had a burger that wasn't incredible and I absolutely love watching the guy behind the grill make the burgers.If you're looking for a great burger with that classic charcoal taste this is absolutely the best place to go. You have to check it out.
3	This place is over exaggerated, but they aren't bad. I think it is above the average burger joint and deserves some credit. The guacamole bacon burger is probably the best thing on the menu. The condiment bar is pretty fun and decent. They could use a little more variety though. The place is a little to small for my liking. During the summer it gets wayyyy too hot and humid.
5	Great burgers cooked right in front of you, good onion rings, rustic decor, place has been here forever
5	How do my husband and I convince ourselves that visiting family in PHX will be painless? We fool ourselves with a fire grilled burger and an ice cold beer at the Chuck Box. It is a classic burger, experience and I'll always pay a visit before I say hi to mom.
3	Cheap, endless condiments, sitting on wooden crates, smelling like open flame cooked burgers after you leave, the old burlap sacks lining the ceiling, the televisions...This is a dude establishment. But it's delicious, so it's ok! They even have veggie burgers, but you might be made fun of for ordering one when you could get the huge burger with grilled peppers and bacon on it. Manly!Real men pay in cash or they don't get food at all.
4	You're not really going to ASU unless you go to Chuck box at least once. It's as part of the campus as the MU or Gammage. The food is amazing, 100% delicious. I've had people recommend the veggie burger, the big one, the chicken, but i love love love the hotdog. I seriously can't get enough backdoor BBQ but in the winter that's incredibly difficult to come by. Unless you know about the Chuck box. If this place doesn't give you the warm fuzzy feeling of summer and the forth of July grilling, nothing will.Beware, they only except cash, and the line is very difficult to get into from the east door. The seats are uncomfortable, the other customers are awful, and the busy times last for hours upon hours, but it's all worth it, I promise. I would wait three hours for a roller coaster, and I would wait four hours for the food at this place. Enjoy!
1	I'm really not a fan of this place an quite frankly I never have been. The entire ordering system is completely screwed up. You walk up and order and then you are supposed to stand there and wait for them to cook your burger, while people try to pass in front and back of you to get their food that is done before yours.  This is also the same place where the refills are so you have to maneuver around the condiment table and through the line to get a drink refill. The condiment stand is a haven for germs. Last time I was in I saw a dude sneeze and then use his fingers to grab pickles. Geeerooos. I went pickle-less that visit. The seats sucks and the tables are dirty and you wind up smelling like a campfire from all the smoke. No thanks. And they only take cash!
4	I came here based on the review of some magazine, cant remember which one.Going into this place is like an old western type setting and smells delicious. I ordered a guac and bacon burger with a side of fried zucchini. They were very tasty and hit the spot. They have an interesting way of coding each burger ordered. Their condiments section was pretty big and had lots to choose from.This place would have scored higher if it were a bit more organized. The drink fountain needs to be in another area, not near the ordering line. There is way to much traffic to get refills.
5	The best hamburgers ever!!! Forget going to chain hamburger places like Five Guys or even In N Out...if you want a juicy hamburger cooked on a real grill, this is the place! My dad came here when he went to ASU and passed this restaurant along to me! I always get the small hamburger, because even the regular hamburger is wayy too big! Plus an order of onion rings, zuchhini, or mushrooms completes the meal!
4	I fixed my friends' computer so he agreed to take me to lunch. Of course, I had been meaning to check out Chuckbox a while ago because all of my friends go every Friday for lunch. In fact, for some of them Chuckbox is so special that it can only be had on Fridays for lunch. As such, I was kind of excited to see what the hype was about.Ordering your food is really simple, their menu is really basic and its easy to figure out what you want to eat. Even though I don't care much for the white or wheat dilemma, I still thought it was cool that they offered such a choice. But I like to be old fashioned, "Big one" + fries and a cup of water. You can smell Chuckbox from a mile away sometimes because they are grilling ridiculous amounts of meat. The aroma is extraordinary, and you would probably forget that you're in the scorching AZ sun. Once you actually get your burger you pay, cash only, and take your sandwich to the condiments bar. They have pretty much all the basics you'd want in your burger. They even have extra lettuce and ranch, which equates to a free salad. Are you winning yet?Overall, the burgers were extremely flavorful, and it was plenty of food for the money. The only downside is that beef patties were frozen and that takes away from some of the flavor. Its not that I have anything personal against frozen beef, it just doesn't have the same juicyness as something that's not frozen. For this same reason, I think it loses a star. Other than that, its a perfect burger joint.
4	Decided to check out this place before a show at Gammage and I am so very glad I did.  Had a hankering for a flame grilled burger and some fried zucchini recently and I can tell you that I will be dreaming about them in the near future.  The set-up was pretty awesome, got there just in time to beat the rush.  I think we showed up around 6ish and had a few people in line ahead of us.  The ordering process was easy and the food was delicious.  VERY reasonably priced for the amount of food you get.  I will definitely be back and it will be very soon.
5	For hamburgers that are fresh, tasty, and cooked to order this has to be the BEST place in town!Very packed during the lunch hour, so plan accordingly. With that being said, you open the door, stand in line and order.As you approach the grill, you see your order cooking as you wait for it. Then you slide on down to the beverage station and get a drink. (I do believe they sell beer here)After you pay and try to find a table you can than add your CONDIMENTS!The Condiment Bar is always FRESH! You name it they have it!If you don't do burgers that's OK too, they also have Hot Dogs and VEGGIE burgers!Small menu - Big appetite!Try to go after lunch around 1:30 and avoid on the weekends, especially since this is in college town Tempe.Enjoy and let me know what you think when you try them out ;)
4	Seems they switched their veggie burger to some sort of store bought crap. Which sucks, they had an awesome veggie burger. Oh well, its lucky I'm an omnivore! Still an awesome place to eat, but I miss that veggie burger!
3	Great location.  Decent burgers and ok wings.
5	Excellent burger
5	Spicy chicken sammy, put the cheddar cheese on cold at the end, can't vouch for anything else there.
4	To quote Jules from Pulp Fiction, "Mmmmmm...this IS a tasty burger!"The Tijuana Torpedo is especially good!  Jalapeno jack and green chili on top of flame-broiled tasty beef goodness!   Have had the fries (of course), mushrooms, and zucchini.  All which are pretty good.  If you go on a Saturday during lunchtime, parking can be kinda of crappy.  Finding a table might be interesting.  And the line inside to place your order, get a tasty beverage, wait for your grub, and pay....a kluster-F!    BUT, the burger is worth it.  The condiment bar is super sweet!  Always fresh and stocked.  At least when I've gone it has been.  This place is CASH ONLY, so plan accordingly.  Unless you like paying ATM fees!
3	Pretty solid burger, cash only. I think it is slightly overrated because it seems to have a cult like status in Tempe while they are pretty good burgers, I don't think they are as good as their rep.
5	One of the best local burger joints around.Its a unique experience. A definite must for ASU students and visitors. This place is part of history. The burgers are fairly priced and taste delicious. The environment is unlike any other burger chain.Quick service. Great burgers. Cash only though.
4	Been going here with my dad since I was a kid.On a recent trip to AZ I went here with a friend from high school and my little one. Everything was exactly as I remembered it-awesome! Love the do-it-yourself fixings and the whole experience is one to savor. Will continue to come back whenever I'm in town.
4	Minus 1 star for not taking debit/credit cardsTasty burgers, fun atmosphere, cold beer.Yay!
4	Jess' fiancee here, D.I moved to Tempe from Ohio 2 months ago, and as far as burgers have gone, I've been extremely disappointed. "In-n-Out" is supposed to be a legendary chain on the west coast, and I was let down extremely. Smashburger wasn't any better either. So, I talked it over with Jess, and she suggested The Chuck Box. Suffice to say, this blew every other place away. I ordered "The Great Big One" a little prematurely, as I saw the "Tijuana Torpedo" only after I ordered :/Anyway, the burger itself was cooked to a medium perfection. Incredibly fresh, seasoned throughout...couldn't have been a better patty.The bacon was probably the nicest surprise. Cooked, but not too crispy. Also, IT'S IN THE SHAPE OF YOUR BURGER. Ingenious. The condiment bar was a nice addition as well, but shredded lettuce/onions/etc. is a pain in the ass. The only complaint I have is with the bun, they just don't seem up to par with containing the burger. Pretty bland.The beer was pretty reasonably priced too, it made watching LA winning the Stanley Cup just a little more bearable.That being said, this is my second/third favorite burger place of all time; they do nearly everything right.4.5/5 stars for The Chuck Box, I'll definitely be back a lot of times in the future.
4	Of all the burger places in town, this is one of the best ones, if not the best one.  It is usually packed.  The burgers are always cooked consistently.  The best thing about this place is the toppings bar, you can make it exactly how you want it.
4	The best burgers in town? Yeah, probably! The Chuck Box has consistently good burgers! I always get a 1/3lb or 1/2 burger and I love that there's a condiment bar so you get to dress your burger to your liking! The only downside is that it's cash only but I suppose you get to make demands like that when you're a staple restaurant!
4	I always thought The Chuck Box was a dive bar that was known for their burgers...man was I wrong!Very simple decor. Very simple. To the point that you may think "Do I really wanna eat here?". You do!The prices are more than affordable and you get a good amount of food for what you pay. The staff was nice, the food was really good, and my only real complaint is that the center "island" that has all the fixins was really low.This is a great place for a quick, hearty bite.
5	This place is a total hole in the wall you walk in and it seems like your in the middle of Juarez. the roof is covered in bean sacks, tables are made of crates, the place doesn't take credit cards cash only but the food makes up for it! Awesome fresh burgers cooked in front of you also a good local beer selection which is served to you in a mason jar. Gotta love it.
5	Really good food.  Kinda like being at a campfire type of a feel.  We always get the big one with the beer battered onion rings.  The onion rings are a must.  Forget the fries though (frys are just eh) and try fried zucchini instead.
5	I LOVE The Chuckbox!!!I just ate there this afternoon (it's always my first choice when going to Tempe). I used to get the Big One w/cheese, but two visits ago, I tried the Tijuana Torpedo and fell in love. :). The patty is the same weight as the Big One, but is shaped so that it stays thicker when cooked and really retains a great mesquite-smoked beef flavor and is juicier than the thinner patty of the "regular" burgers. Then, it's topped with a really nice flavored green chile (not spicy at all) and jack cheese. Fantastic!The fixin' bar is nice, too.Now, for those reviewers who complain about the ambiance and decor, they just don't get it. You don't go to The Chuckbox for atmosphere, unless you like your atmosphere filled with delightful mesquite smoke.I was burned once by the cash only policy, but have been prepared ever since, though they do have an ATM inside.To the people who think the workers are Burger Nazis, if you go during a busy time (game days, lunchtime on school days), they may not have a lot of patience with a noob, especially when there are twenty people in line, but really, don't sweat it. You'll be fine after one time and the burger is SOOO worth it. Don't be afraid to ask them to make it the way you want it (well done, burnt, whatever).Lastly, to the guy who claims his backyard burgers are so much better, please have me over; I'd love to eat a better burger because the next step higher than Chuckbox burgers for me is Nirvana. No kidding!
5	My number one food choice is a hamburger. Outstanding burger with no frills. I like going to a place for the food and keeping the price in line. If I want ambiance I will go to a traditional restaurant. This has been around for years so it has stood the test of time. I can't wait to go back.
5	One word:  Awesome!!If you've never ate  a burger at the Chuck Box, then you haven't really had the best burger ever made, period....Its a must for me to eat here once more before I leave  Az.
5	Best burger in Tempe. haterz gonna hate (that means you, nick).
5	This place makes the best burger in Phoenix and the price is very reasonable. I'm also very found of their hot and spicy chicken sandwich. My only complaint is that some of their new staff members just aren't as sharp as the old schoolers. I've been a loyal chuckbox customer since 2002 and I really miss some of the old faces. That said, you still can't beat the burgers...or the price.
3	I'm not sure if I came here with higher expectations because I had heard that this place was awsome but I thought it was just ok and barely that. When we walked there was no AC and it was around 110 that day so you can imagine how hot it was in a place where they are grilling up food. It was super uncomfortable to sit there and eat when your hot and sweaty. They had dusty old fans blowing that look like they hadn't been cleaned in years. The place has a very old dingy look and feel to it even from the outside. As for the food also just ok, nothing impressive. I have to say I did not try the burgers, I had a chicken sandwich and fries.
5	I used to eat at the Chuckbox when I went to school at ASU and loved it. Years later and after living in Texas and California, I still haven't found a burger that compares to it.That is, as long as you accept it for what it is: a straight, non-fancy-pants burger on a charcoal grill. The way a burger should be. If you want a fauxbe-beef burger with truffle oil and scallions, you're in the wrong place. If you're easily put off by being shouted at while you dilly-dally about what kind of cheese you want, you're also in the wrong place. And, while you while you wait for your burger by the grill, you can pass the time by trying to decipher the code of little swords and cups that identifies an order. It's pretty complex.
5	I pledge allegiance to the Republic of Chuckbox...I haven't found a burger that as good and consistent as this place.  Never ever had a bad burger here.  It's dirty, dank and rustic.  Add some local color, and you have the Chuckbox. Get your mind straight when you get in line and you will be rewarded with bliss when you sit down.
4	This place has some of the best burgers in the entire Phoenix area. I love the fact that the burgers are fresh and grilled right in front of you on the giant wood grill. The flavor that the grill adds is excellent! The decor is simple and to the point with a very rustic feel. The staff is friendly and they have a giant "build your own" salad and toppings bar. If I had to nit pick one thing it would be that the fries are just OK. Just keep in mind that it is cash only. So if you are looking for a good fresh burger, check out Chuck Box.
5	I was very impressed with how well the food tasted here.  This is one of the best tasting burger places in The Valley!It is not a glamorous establishment and it takes cash only.  However, the burgers and chicken are grilled on a huge charcoal grill right in front of you as you wait in line.  They have all sizes of burgers.  You can choose between a white or wheat bun and you can choose what cheese you want.  Also, there is a bar with condiments and toppings that you can choose from.The fries were about average.  I don't like onions, but my friend said he liked their onion rings.I would highly recommend this burger joint to anyone!  I will be back soon!
2	Man this place is a dirty pit ran by ex-con's. the food is tasty but eat it at your own risk....
5	Awesome burger joint.  A must when visiting ASU.
5	Best burger in Arizona, bar none. Unique setting as well, very plain and rustic.
5	Best hamburgers I've ever had. Gets busy during the school year, so I try to go at night. Everything on the menu it's fantastic. My personal favorite is the Tijuana Torpedo. The green peppers are incredible with the cheese and it's so good that the condiments are made into a side salad instead of going on the burger. I would recommend this to every burger enthusiast.
1	Whats worse: an ex-con burger flipper who actually barks at you for your order, a filthy condiment bar, cash only, a cashier that walks up and asks you for your drink order and then walks across the restaurant as he goes and clears a table after he just asked you a question, or the fact that if you don't have cash you get to pay an extra $4 on top of your $5-7 burger to use their cute little ATM machine.I KNOW: the fact that for some reason people completely overlook it all: "If you go to ASU, you have to go to Chuck Box! So good dood."I was in line, realized I had no cash and began to turn around to go to the ATM up the street. Spatula Master must have noticed that I was about to eff-up his patty streak before his next Skoal break, and shot me that "I'll put 50 wounds into your torso with this Bic pen" look, to which I respond: "I'll be right back" And the response I get: "OOOK? Whatever!"Really? :-OI would have left, but I was there with friends - damn.They even have a sign posted claiming that they take cash only because they need to speed up the line. I got an idea: how about you employ more than TWO PEOPLE to service your entire restaurant. No? OK, waste my time and my money instead. I get you. Oh but, that can't be so, not if your website states:"Besides a cold beer and a burger, I'll be here to greet you with a smile and a hug.- Big Juan"Big Juan must've gotten mugged by the two thugs working the grill at burger number 278. Poor Big Juan, I'd probably like this place if he was still around: I was able to make a pretty tasty burger out of a 1/3 lb. on wheat with pepper jack, jalapenos, and onion.And no, this isn't what it means to be a Hole in the Wall; go up the street to Pollo Supremo: literally nothing but nice Mexican ladies serving you unique and very tasty food for a really good price. Yes they don't take cash, but they don't make excuses, and never would I expect to be greeted with that paint-peeling ex-con death-stare. And whats with the gimmicky Western decor? Hole in the Wall? The closest reason Chuck Box could be categorized Hole in the Wall: I'm afraid to eat here because if I piss off Spatula Master-Burger Nazi, he'll probably grab that red hot grill and flip it over on top of me... you gotta be mildly afraid to eat at a Hole in the Wall...In all seriousness though, there's no excuse to treat paying customers like they're wasting your time. Maybe people don't know how to react, or they think that somehow its cool to go to Chuck Box and get treated like a roach. OOOK? Whatever!
5	Went to Chuckbox yesterday with my dad; hadn't been there since the early '90's when I was a student at ASU. I don't think ANYTHING has changed there; and that's a good thing! Still the worlds best burger! Although I can't handle a great big one as easily as I did back in the day! I went to Smash Burger for the first time a few weeks ago and it's mighty good. My dad and I decided we had to make a trek back to Chuckbox to decide who has the best burger. We both agreed it's pretty much a tie. Different tasting burgers. VERY different environments; both outstanding!My dad's comment was that Smashburger tastes 'corporate' and Chuckbox tastes homemade. If I had guests from out of town we'd go to Chuckbox every time!
2	The burgers remind me of Micnics, remember Micnics?This is what I don't like about the place:1)  standing in a long ass line and having someone yell at me to yell my order back at them2) the buffet of fixings that allows you, flies and everyone else and their filthy fingers to make their own burger3) its dirty4) I smell like a grease ball when I leave I want to kick back and relax when I eat a meal, this place is too much work for too little pay off.
4	This place is an institution... I used to come here back when I was a poor Sun Devil student.They make the burgers right in front of you on a pulley-system charcoal grill.. and you can notice that in the flavor of the patty.  Plus, they make their patties in varying weight sizes (1/3#, 1/2#, etc) so you can get as much or as little as you want.  The very flattened patty is placed on the grill and I think this is perfect for cooking quickly and safely.. also, moisture is still maintained in the patty since it's not overcooked (what you do when you have thicker patties).They have pretty typical greasy sides.. fries.. fried zucchini.. onion rings.. it's all good standard grease-stop fare.I wouldn't at all say this is the cleanest-looking nor the most modern (cash only) or well-maintained burger joint.. but I will say that if you want a no-thrills damn tasty burger, you should give this place a shot.  I went a couple of nights ago and it sure hasn't changed in the past 7 years... nor has it probably changed in the last 10 years :P  I did, though, really enjoy my 1/3# burger.. cooked to order, simple bun with onions, mayo and ketchup - delish!
5	I finally made it to The Chuck Box and I am very glad I did! Like other reviewers stated, the ordering/paying system is screwed up, but ultimately, I'm here for a delicious burger and fries! Make that a Double Big Burger with bacon and American cheese. It took a little while, but good things come to those who wait. And man, was it good. I'm ranking it at either second or third in my Best Burgers of Phoenix list. The Chuck Box grills their burgers over an open flame, giving it a great flavor.I get people's issue with a fixin's bar, but when I was there it was in decent shape. I'm willing to forgo my slight germaphobia in order to get whatever I want, the way I want it, on my burger. Also, the midwesterner inside me loves the fact that they offer free ranch dressing for all your French fry dipping pleasure. (Please note: I'm not at all from the midwest)I went with a friend after a day trip to Sedona for some hiking. We both heard great things and wanted to give it a try. After an impromptu decision to head directly to Chuck Box, we made a second impromptu decision to make it a Tempe burger tour and give Lobby's a try as well. Both were great, but I'm giving the nod to Chuck Box, while my friend voted for Lobby's.
2	I came here on a Monday night around 9PM.  There were a few small groups in the restaurant, if you want to call it that.  Their burger is similar to a BBQ burger.  Nothing too unique about the taste.  Fries though were crispy and fried well.  The condiment bar was well kept and fresh.  The ambiance was pretty depressing.  I felt like I was in a tavern established along an interstate.  I needed to get in, get out with something in my stomach that would get me by.  Job accomplished.
3	Definitely a fun place to check out every once in a while (shouldn't be eating burgers every day anyway).  Food is cooked right in front of you and you can customize any way you want.  Pricing is fair for the quality of meat you're getting.  Their condiment bar has more options than anyone should ever need, but it definitely comes in handy.  You could be ordering the same burger 10 different times and get 10 different experiences out of it.   Very chill environment for the young people to hang out and relax.
3	This place is very affordable but the food is nothing special. It's relaxed place and is kid friendly. Cash only!!!
5	I went here last Saturday night. My first time. I have to admit, the burgers are among my top 5. Amazing!  I shall definitely be returning and am more than happy to recommend them.
5	In my opinion, the Chuck Box is One of the few places that, if you're an ASU Student and you don't go to, you didn't do ASU right. The burgers are brilliant and/or life changing and cheap. It's simple. Not exactly 5 star atmosphere, but you're not going for a classy place with candles, ties or suits. Hell, they have potato sacks on the ceiling. The place isn't pretty at all. If anything it's reminiscent of a sty. Still, you're not going there because it's pretty, you're going there because they have some burgers that can make you squeal with joy and push the limits of your belt buckle. These burgers set precedent for all burgers everywhere. It's part of the college experience at ASU.
5	Excellent burgers. Unique environment that adds character to the meal. I come here everyday when in town for Spring Training.
5	Flying solo.  It's a burger joint.  Plain and simple.  Small menu with the basics.  But the basics are so good.   Great burger.  Juicy.  Cooked just right.  Would love to come back.
3	After hearing many good things I decided to stop by Chuck Box.It lost points with me right when I walked in, "Cash only".  They have atms inside but they require a surcharge which annoys me.I ordered the big juan (1/3 lb burger) with a side of onion rings.While I was waiting for my food I noticed the topping bar, consisting of your typical burger toppings.  This is a nice plus because you can really have it how you want it.I got my food fairly quick after watching them grill my burger in front of me.After i got my cheeseburger, I put lettuce, tomato, onions, mayo and jalapenos.  I took my first bite and thought it was very good.  However my second bite I noticed it wasn't quite as good.  My third it was very average.  By my forth bite I was tired of it.  I don't know what it was but it just did not taste that special to me.  The meat itself just did not taste great.Also the onion rings were very average.  Not bad but not sure if I would recommend them.Overall my first experience at the Chuck Box was a bit of a disappointment.I came in with people hyping this place up so much with one person even saying "best burger ever eaten."Maybe I came in with too high of expectations.  Maybe I just came in on a bad day.  Maybe its just not my place.Overall Chuck Box was not bad, but I do not understand all the hype.
5	A must stop every time I am in Phoenix.
5	A charcoal grilled burger and a pitcher of beer? Yes, please. The buns are just supermarket buns and the fries and onion rings are previously frozen, but I like this place a lot for lunch.
5	I am always in search of a good burger...while my search will always continue this place will go in my top 5! We must have gotten there just at the right time because there wasn't much of a line. I did however see the "cash only" sign right away which might be annoying to some. This is my kinda place though-a hole in the wall with delicious simple food! I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and I loooove how they made the circular bacon to fill the whole burger! I can see how the condiment station might be a turnoff for some but considering I like my burger pretty plain it didn't really bother me. We rode the light rail so we didn't have issues with parking but I can see how the parking might be problematic around lunch time. I dig the tree stumps as chairs but that's just me. We got 2 burgers/fries and 2 drinks for 20 bucks and it was worth every penny. Every few months I think about becoming a vegetarian, it's places like this that make me realize what a ludicrous idea that would be!
2	I set up a Yelp account with the intent to only to write positive reviews, but this is going to be an exception for me. Though I haven't been to The Chuck Box for several years, I recently brought a friend who is new to town here after raving about the experience. The atmosphere is fun, the food is tasty...but I was shocked by the RUDENESS we were received with by the staff! We had barely walked in the door when the man behind the counter was already (rather impatiently) barking at us to order...yes, barking is the best way to describe it.  As we tried to advise him that we had JUST walked in and were trying to look at the menu, he continued to interrupt us and demand that we place our order.  I understand if we had been standing there taking our sweet time, but it was rather off-putting to be pressured into ordering like that, and sort of embarrassing to be addressed with that attitude in front of the other customers. Of course by the time I got my food I realized I didn't even get to order what I had wanted. There was no one in line behind us, so I did not understand why he couldn't afford us a few seconds to read the small menu. I was going to let it slip, but when the man behind the register also gave us attitude (I still don't understand why?), I had to write a review. I'd understand some curtness on their end if we were a group of loud, obnoxious students who weren't paying attention, but we were a small group of professionals who went out of our way to give this restaurant our business on our lunch break. We were very polite with them in spite of how they spoke to us, so it was all-in-all frankly uncalled for. I'm not sure if any of us will be returning...I recommend Ted's Dogs instead for your charcoal broiled cravings. It's three times as busy (because it's that good), yet the staff are just as friendly as ever.
4	A   v  e  r  y   tasty burger!Yes, at the chuck box I expected very little but got a different friday lunch experience, thats for sure. Yes, it is odd that one shouts ones order over a line of waiting patrons to the loud chef in the kitchen - but that just add to the experience. Weird - a bitUnorthodox - absolutelyWrong - not at allThen after joining the crowd of hungry, waiting customers I start to checking out the place. Red hot fire that the burgers all are braised over makes it kinda genuine in a way. A bar in the centre with all condiments and fixings, is up for grabs once the correct burger has been fetched and paid for. As I stated initially, I got myself a very tasty burger and a small serving of very tasty onion rings. It was Friday, so I'm allowed to.I even liked the crates that substitutes for chairs and makes sure that as long as you are here, you are here to eat. There was a few things that could been improved, (and the ill manner isn't one of them) but overall I really enjoyed the chuck box and I will come back. Oh yes, I will come back.
5	This place is legendary. I am somewhat of a burger coinsure, and I have not found a cooler place with better food yet. This place has been here for a long time, so obviously its  good. Its old fashion yes, but whats wrong with that? And who doesn't like to put their own toppings on, come on! Its very western looking inside, and they have beer. I have no complaints and Ive been going there for about 10 years.
4	Pretty tasty burger! I had the Tijuana torpedo which is a half pound piece of beef with hatch chilies and jack cheese. It was served on a regular bun instead of the torpedo roll on the menu. This burger was really juicy and cooked perfectly. The slight flavor of mesquite smoke was really nice too. Didn't really taste the chilies that much though. It took a while for it to come out though. I saw 2 people order the great big one after me (separate times) and they still got their food before me. Had fun seeing the huge bursts of flame as the burgers grilled over the open fire. I don't recommend the fries though, pretty small portion size and not especially good either. Parking in their lot is really hard too.I'd come back for another burger though. That's saying a lot since I'm notoriously cheap and a $6 burger is "expensive" to me. I'm now going to start a quest to find the best burger in the area after finally trying this legendary place.
4	Pretty good burger for a good price and quick for lunch. Nice to sit outside and people watch too
5	I'm came to visit a friend all the way from Northern California and came across this place 5 years ago.  This place has the most quintessential burger that I've ever tasted, and I've had a lots of them.  And I have to say I hardly give high praise to restaurants because I am very critical and picky.  Without being organic, grass fed, or whatever, this place is amazing.  The burgers are cooked right in front of you and they season it just perfectly.  The size of the patty is perfect where it's not too thick to be considered a steak much like that of gourmet burgers nor is it too thin like the lame 5 Guys chain.  The condiment bar has nice and fresh ingredients.  I also have a theory that it tasted so good because the place is so locked in.  I don't remember much windows in the building and there was a lot of smoke inside because the grill was inside.  Maybe that's what made it extra smoky tasting.  I remember the burgers being so good I walked 2.5 miles from my hotel to eat it for lunch after having had it for dinner the night before.
5	Perfect timing as we rolled into this joint just before a massive crowd built up behind us about 8pm on a Saturday night. Our two burgers were the only ones on the grill for a good five minutes before an avalanche of chicken and beef entered the foray. I ordered my 1/3 pounder from Juan well done and it was fresh beef and seasoned with salt/pepper it seemed. Good sesame buns and a solid order of onion rings (its from a bag, but a gourmet bag at least). Condiment bar was well stocked and it was  a great burger with a unique ordering experience and atmosphere. Unless your at Behihana, you never get to interact with the cook, so now if he didn't make it well done. I can give up it right back, but it was. so no problem. Probably the best in the $6 burger category.
5	Now here's a place that knows how to cook burgers! I love coming here! Everything is fresh, I see them cook it, and I can do my own toppings! The staff isn't always friendly but hey, they're gruff cooks, what should I expect? I love the quaint seating and the fact that it is locally owned and not something corporate. I can tell you that I've NEVER been sick after eating burgers here...can't say that about many other burger places...
5	I've been eating burgers for nearly 50 years, I've eaten them across the country and around the world, hands down there isn't a better burger on the planet.Great portions cooked on a grill over a mesquite pit for an unbelievable combination of charring and wood smoke that makes me drool just thinking about it.Ambiance, decor: well, pull up a barrel stool and put the burger in your mouth and tell me that stuff matters.On a personal note, I've been eating at this place since the mid 80's, nothing much has changed, and I'm glad.   If you want the process at 5-guys, or the posh of Fudd Ruckers, go eat at one of those places so I don't have to wait as long for my burger.
4	Burgers are bomb and fresh just as they should be. This is a no frills, cash only, sit, eat, please gtfo and leave asap so more people can sit down joint. Because it's so simple, there's not much to go into detail about. Fries could be bigger because they remind me of the fries that came in my happy meal when I was 5, but that's just me and my fatty-ness roaring out loud. I heard that they used to take M&G, if that is true, then Chuckbox, Y U NO ACCEPT MY TAX FREE MEAL CARD?!!Parking can be a pain in the butt sometimes, so watch where you park. There's about 8798723 red and white signs telling you that if you make the wrong choice, the odds will not ever be in your favor and Tempe towing will gladly make your night a living hell.
5	This place has the best real-deal-this-aint-no-sissy-gourmet burger ive ever had. Its a lofty claim I know, but they can back it up. They also happen to have the fried zucchini that set the bar from which i now judge all other fried zucchini. This joint is no frills and dont expect a hug from the staff but the burger is legit. Definitely put this on your to-eat list yelpers.
4	Great Burgers and it's next to ASU in Tempe. This place is always a fun and a tasty treat. The outside is an old rusty brown building that reminds me of a hippie shack out in the woods. The smell of mesquite smoke and burgers hit you as you get out of your car. The inside is also very hip with a simple old timey feeling such as thick wooden crates for seats, barrels for trash cans and amusing tidbits hanging on the walls.Easy menu to pick from with several burger or chicken options as well as sides. You can choose from Little to Big to Great BIG as far as sizes of burgers. I always get the Great BIG one which is a 1/2 pound of juicy CHUCK with the cheese of my choice and some green chilies. They cook it right before your eyes while standing in line. I also enjoy the onion rings which are beer battled and really big and tasty. The condiment bar is very large with plenty of room to stock up on all the things you would want at a family picnic and then some. Nice.Parking is tricky being next to the campus. Bring change for the meter if you cannot get in their private lot. Also get there as early as possible to avoid the long line of HUNGRY people. CASH ONLY. Enjoy!
3	Like having a backyard-grilled burger. It's good but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
5	Best burger I've ever had! Must be experienced by all!
5	GREAT ! Burgers  fresh fresh fresh   and I like the way to put your own topping on.  great flavor and 3 sizes to chose from and double it if you want.   Had the jalapeno poppers they were great as well.  we will be back, many times!
2	First of all, the ordering process is hassling at best. You have to wait in line with tons of rowdy, ugly college students/grumpy elderly folk for your order. They need to have a better format for that because the lines are constantly crowded with people jostling each other.Second, my dad makes better burgers. And his are only moderately satisfying. There was nothing special about these burgers, and don't get me started on the substandard wings. I feel like I insulted myself and my taste buds just by letting myself go to this place. You can find better, cheaper burgers at In-n-out.:)
1	A couple of friends took me to the Chuck Box for lunch and as soon as we stepped through the doors, the employee across the counter barked at us for our orders. I tried to explain that I've never been there before and didn't know what I wanted but he   was very impatient, and quite frankly rude. We all just picked the first thing we saw just to make this guy stop asking. I would've understood (sorta...) if it was busy but there was absolutely no one in line behind us. When we got our burgers my friend and I were waiting at the cashier for our other friend to get his burger and pay (he was paying for all of ours since we didn't have cash and they accept nothing else.) The cashier asked me who was paying and I pointed behind me and said something to the effect of "the guy waiting for his burger." The cashier shot back, "There's a lot of guys behind you." Dude! It's not like I was trying to skip out on him or anything. I was waiting patiently at the cashiers office (again, with no one behind me) and my friend would be there as soon as his order was ready. It was a really uncomfortable experience and really, some of the worst service I've had. The food wasn't anything extraordinary. You put your own toppings on, which were your standard toppings. The fried zucchini were pretty good. The food definitely did not make up for the employees.
5	Been here once in 2010 but it was great.  It's a throwback to the 80s, no credit cards accepted, cash only.  Not sure how much business they lose doing this but it's a local eatery, it's that place you only know about if you live here.  Burgers were delish, freshly cooked, great flavor.  If you're after great tasting meat, and you're not vegetarian, come here.
4	5 stars if it weren't cash only.Fantastic burgers, great onion rings.  This is my go to spot in Tempe.
4	One look at this place and you know they are going to serve you up a manly slab of beef!  Great place for burgers, one of my favorites in the phoenix valley.  Its a staple in Tempe, I just hope ASU doesnt tear them down like they do with all the good local places.  Go in and support a great restaurant and get a tasty burger while your at it.  Condiments bar is a great touch!
5	My wife made us go here--right smack across the street from ASU.  Sooo...cash only place-fine, we knew this.  Best flame grilled juicy burgers ever!!  My wife can't have beef, so she had chicken breast--lovied it!  My burger was the best ever...and the toppings buffet was ice cold and the burger toppings all well chilled.  Just awesome!  Left very very satisfied and happy she made us go.  Will DEF be back!! :)
5	This place is amazing!  I went to ASU and it was the best then and 10 years later they still have the best burgers in town!  Now I share it with my kids who love when we go there.  If you try all the chain burgers, then you are missing out by not trying the chuck box
4	So I am going to rate this place 4 stars. I may come back and change that, and my friend who took me would call me blasphemous. The service...you walk in stand in line order your burger and sides and watch them make it. All fine and dandy it was very cool actually.The food. I had the regular burger, and it was good. Great even, but from the heavenly experience my friend mentioned I wanted just a tiny bit more from the meat. (Yes make your jokes now.)The fries were good, the onion rings were fantastic and their ranch dressing? Im gross but I could drink that stuff.I want to go back and order the Tijuana torpedo...I think that may be what Im missing here to make this five stars. When I get back there I will update you guys!It also doesn't hurt that its located right NEXT to Pop Culture Paradise (Sorry the Geek is showing)!
5	THE place in the ASU area to get a badass char-grilled burger.  Brak recommends you go for the Big Juan with cheese, and a side of o-rings.  The o-rings are outstanding, beer battered and fresh.  Yes, the place is old, dumpy, clearly a MAJOR fire hazard, brutal parking at busy times, etc... but once you bite into that burger, you won't give a flying farkle.  Pure burger bliss.
4	The time finally came to try Chuck Box. It was definitely worth the wait. First off, the burgers are the only credibility to this business. The rest (side orders) are average. Burgers are very good, and may taste unique in a way. I've tasted so many char-grilled burgers, I have lost count. However, CB's burgers are on top. Some times they over make fries and need to get rid of them. You will see one of the workers walking around offering customers fresh fries...like whaaaatttt? :)Only downsides are this place only accepts CASH. Also, inside seating may be limited when busy.
4	OK, this is my FAVORITE burger place in AZ (maybe anywhere)!But, they get ridiculously crowded (not a whole lot of people per se, but the place is tiny and the grill setup is awkward for ordering and standing in line).Each burger is made to order in the order it was ordered :-DDelicious, but they almost lost me as a customer last time, because it was 5 min before closing and they said they were cooking anymore orders :-(I once ate the largest burger on the menu too :-)I am sorry, I worked in the restaurant industry for years, and if you are OPEN, you are OPEN.Pissed me off so much, I vowed to not return, but....I did...just cant resist these mesquite grilled patties of deliciousness!Cash only so bring it-they have an ATM but stupid high fee.GO AT LEAST ONCE!
5	Absolutely fantastic! If you haven't yet been here, you are missing out! I suggest if you are looking for lunch that you arrive no later than 11am or after 2pm, the Chuck Box gets pretty busy!
5	I'm really surprised I forgot to review this place when I ate here some months ago.I doubt anything has changed.WOOD COAL flame grilled burgers made to order right in front of you, condiment bar, and beer available. It is unknown whether beer choices have improved over the standard yellow piss. Someone message me.Rustic and dingy atmosphere, and spartan seating.Please DO NOT be turned off by this.You're here for an AUTHENTIC flame-grilled burger.You top your burger how you want!Order it medium.Absolutely scrumptious burger.Juicy.Smokey.TOTALLY REAL.You can't get any more real.THAT IS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW.Except CASH ONLY.
4	Burgers done on a grill with a toppings bar.  It was, I believe, cash only at the time I went.  It was very delicious.
5	Wow, these are the best burgers and fries I have had in a very long time.  I asked for my burger to be well done, and it was made just right.  You can add all sorts of stuff at the fixings bar - even jalapenos!  I also ordered a delicious pitcher of beer - mmmm - they have several brands on draft.  The onion rings were "just OK".  Try the jalapeno poppers - they are also awesome.  There were four of us and including the beer, the entire meal was less than 30 bucks - you can't beat that!  Service was also outstanding!  CASH ONLY!
5	Not a big fan of burgers but I loved this place.I like how MANLY this place seems to be, if you want some burgers cooked by some real men, this is where you go. The people who cook it seem like they just came out from prison, I love it. The only down side is that you have to have cash but with burgers like these, who cares?
5	Everytime we go to the Phoenix Zoo (28 miles) we look forward to feeding our faces at the Chuck Box. Sure it's a little different with ordering also with the same rustic atmosphere from the first day they opened. Whats great you can see your food being cooked in front of you. Nostalgic for a 1973 ASU Alumni we've been going there since it opened and nothing's changed. Which is great for us.They have the best barbecued hamburger, actually all the food there is great. Lov it.The line can be long but they get you thru it quickly, bring CASH to save you the chance of having to use the ATM machine. I don't mind the cash part especially when the food is good also having the rustic atmosphere makes it pleasant.
5	My boyfriend and I LOVE this place! The burgers are cooked right there in front of you so they are really fresh and hot! No worries about what you want on it except cheese. There is a condiment bar so make it your way! There fries were pretty good. And the burger maker guy was cool! The cash guy lacked personality but maybe he was having a off day!The only draw back is the cash only part...But 3 of us ate for 25 bucks!!
5	Never fails..best burger I've had and the fact that it's always packed tells you how good it is. Rafael is on the grill and nails it every time. Must try!
4	Large burgers that will be sure to stuff you! The outside and inside may appear a little dingy but don't let that steer you away. It wasn't the best burger I've ever had but it certainly was worth every penny I paid.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Chuckbox, been going there for about 6 years, and I still have to maintain that its the BEST burgers I have ever had.  I also and slightly addicted to the fried zucchini.  Yep, its good.  Fresh cooked over an open flame right in front of you, pick your own toppings.  I will usually overestimate the size of my stomach and get a Great Big One, and eat it all. Then 20 mins later, need a nap. Come get the food its great.  PS i like to get a chili pepper on mine, so good.
4	If your just looking for a GOOOOD BURGER then this is your spot. Nice selection of burgers to choose from. I took off one star because the place was a little warm in the summer but I really like all that smokey goodness. Its a must stop when I'm back in town.
2	I'm a very big fan of burgers and take them pretty seriously. This place seems promising but ends up falling short. My little sister loves this place because she is young and still prefers cheese burgers with boring toppings... like plain cheese and ketchup. The chuck box makes a good boring burger. They fall short of their topping options. The lettuce, tomato, onion, sauce, ect. are subpar. I believe a good burger needs a good selection of fresh toppings. The don't appreciate the value of fresh burger fixings. They would greatly benefit from putting more effort in keeping the fixings fresh.
4	Great burgers. I love that I get to dress my own. Kept the line moving too!  Fries were good though the portion is on the small side. Probably good that they don't serve the giant sizes some chains so...
4	I am fir the idea that the chuck box is a great restaurant . Firstly in my opinion , it ia cheep . For example , the meal is $13 , so you can you can buy more than one . Also I think the waiters are friendly and funny . In addition , its is near the university and the downtown area , thats why students eat from it in the break . Finally I strongly believe that the main thing that makes me loce the restaurant is that they sells delicious meat and chicken . In summary all of these reasons let me love to eat this restaurant that let me guve it five stars .
4	I'm for chuck box being a great place to eat for many reasons first of all , the the quality of food is fast food . in my opinion I believe , the chuck box is good place for lunch and dinner , that because a lot of families are happy when they ate at chuck box . Second , chuck box is located off campus , but it is near is asu . Third , the quality chuck box of service is good and the staff chuck box so friendly . Finally , for these reasons , I think chuck box is good place for eating burgers and having a lot of fun . Also , in my opinion I believe that chuck box is perfect restaurant for burgers .
3	I am for Chuck box  being a great place. First of all . In my opinion I Believe that chuck box is a great place for lunch and dinner , because a lot of families are happy when they are at chuck box second , the chuck box is off campus it's near to ASU. Third , the quality of service is good and staff at chuck box is so friendly . Finally , for there reasons I think chuck box is good place to eat . :)
2	Sometimes you just have to be the odd ball out I guess. I have eaten at Chuck Box about 5, maybe 6 times and I have tried  both the burgers and the chicken sandwich. I truly don't understand the hype. It's okay but nothing spectacular. However, the onion rings are fantastic! The staff is usually rude, I've only been once where I think someone was pleasant. The burgers aren't cooked to order. The condiments are all sitting out and for some reason it bothers me. Don't know why really, it just looks...off...like I can see people waiting in line and I get this irrational idea that people are just standing there...breathing on everything. I don't know! Also the reason for a two star verses three star review is that they don't take debit or credit cards but instead have a lovely little ATM that is expensive. It's 2013, almost 2014 actually, stop taking a stand or making whatever statement you're trying to make and just get a card machine.
5	Ummmm... Awesome?? Yes indeed!! The double burger is priced right for the deliciousness that engulfed my mouth after the first bite. Open flames and cooked right in front of you makes this joint 5steps above its neighboring 5guys burger. 100% pure beef from this joint and the taste certifies it! If someone gives the place a non 5star rating, it's likely because they're a blind def mute with no taste buds.  I stopped here while passing through the city and Boom!!! New favorite joint in Tempe found!! Can you give me a what what??? Baller status for sure at this cash only burger joint.
4	Nothing like a flame broiled burger. Had the Double Great Big One. Was not disappointed. Small joint with local feel. Best of all worlds. Wish the fries portions were bigger and wish they had tots. Otherwise giddy up folks.
3	My first Chuck Box experience was in 1989.  It is good to see a business that has maintained through the "redevelopment" of the area around ASU.Fast-forward to my return to the Valley in 2011...and in cruising through my old stomping grounds, observing that ALL the favorite spots (Mama's Pizzaria, Ozzie's Warehouse, 6 East Lounge and Long Wongs) are no more.  The Chuck Box, complete with rusty-appearing roof, still stands, though.  It is gratifying to see the puffs of smoke from the grill.On walking in, the decor has not changed.  The tables still have copper tops, and when you sit inside, you are sitting on wooden crates.  The condiment bar is certainly one of the best I have seen in a burger joint.  It makes customizing the favored double burger with cheese and bacon SO easy!The prices are good, the beer is cold, and the onion rings are certainly up to par.  The only thing that has changed (and maybe it is because I am 20+ years beyond my first visit) is that students seem to get faster service.
5	Went opening day years ago, still one of the best burger in Tempe, and its a small business
5	I really like this place. Its a very basic burger and fry place. It can get backed up because of the way the line is set up and the soda machine is in a really poorly chosen spot. They only take cash which is kind of annoying.Good burgergood friesgood onions rings
4	It took me a long time to actually get to eat at this place. It seemed to have bad timing when it came to coming here. The first time I tried to go was on Fourth of July and it was closed. The next was on ASU's Homecoming and the line was out the door and around the corner, and since I had game tickets, I gave up. The third time was a random Saturday and they were closed because of some water pipe problem, I think.  That time, they gave us coupons, and fourth time is the charm because the next time I tried to go to The Chuck Box I actually got to eat there! I like pretty plain burgers (bun, meat, cheese, ketchup). This place makes a good burger. I like that you get to pick the size of it too. It is reasonably priced and very convenient for me. When I get a burger at a restaurant like this, I always ask myself if I would have preferred just going to In n Out, and this place is somewhere I would go instead of In n Out and be happy with my choice. I can't say that about some of the other nearby burger places. I really like that you get to watch the cooks grill them too. I guess my advice would be to make sure they are open before going there, but they are worth going to.
4	A Sun Devil staple! Located just across the street from ASU's campus, this place is always busy. Burgers grilled to order with a well stocked  and clean condiment bar. Grilled peppers, guac or bacon. Lots of yummy options here.  Yes, you may leave with the smokey aroma of the grill but that's just going to make everyone else jealous. This place is consistently good and one of the few places on University or Mill to survive the standard turnover rate of the area!  That should tell you something. Tip - Don't forget they are cash only!
3	I love this place, but every time I go the service seems to get worse. I know the Chuckbox isn't known for its friendliness but  lately their servers seem to just be annoyed at their jobs. Twice I have clearly ordered BBQ chicken and I was given a buffalo sauce. It's fun to go once or twice but it's pretty expensive. Sometimes the condiments look ok, sometimes they look pretty gross.
5	My first experience, and I felt like crying when my burger was about to finish. It could be the best burger I've ever had in my entire life. I'm really sad that I'm leaving Tempe in a few days.
5	This is one of the classic burger joints in Phoenix. Just walk up to the grill and place your order. The Big One is the standard but get the The Great Big One if you're really hungry. Slide on over to the left and grab a drink. Then just be patient and they'll have your burger ready in a minute. Slide over to the left again and you can grab a fry. Then time to pay--cash only, mind you. Now the beauty of the process is the condiments bar. You can make as simple or complex of a burger as you want. Nothin fancy, just a burger done exceptionally well.I miss the second location they had in Scottsdale on Scottsdale and Shea. An Oreganos replaced it years ago and I still hold an irrational grudge against that establishment.
5	Wow. You know, I already have a favorite burger joint in town, and it's not The Chuck Box. I went here tonight because it was it's a few miles closer than my normal favorite and wasn't up for the drive. I'm glad I did. I was a bit skeptical of how my burger would turn out because I saw it being cooked, and in my foolish opinion I thought it was overcooked. Nonetheless, I made my burger up the way I like it (they have a condiment bar, as I'm sure you've read), with tomatoes, ketchup, mayo, and lettuce. When I took my first bite, I got the charred edges of the burger, but also a mouthful of delicious beef, and realized it wasn't burnt, the cook meant to do that. The patty wasn't quite as thick as I prefer, but the flavor was excellent. 5 stars, and a very close second for best burger in town.
5	Absolutely one of the best flavored burgers I've ever had. Cooked over open flame, these charbroiled burgers are well worth the drive and the wait in line. The cooks keep the line moving and will take your order even when you are 10 people away from the grill. I got the double big one (2/3 lbs) with cheese and it was delicious.They have burgers down pat. Also offer chicken breast (real ones, not patties) but seeing that the burgers are so good, I don't foresee trying the chicken anytime soon.
5	Fresh juicy burgers grilled to perfection right in front of you, golden delicious fries and a clean, fresh, well stocked condiment bar. Not much more I could ask for. The hot dog I got was awesome too. It was kind of odd that they butterfly the hot dog so it fits on a burger roll. Works for me though.
3	We came here because of the BWW bowl game. Nothing special that night because they were packed with all the fans. I'm sure the burgers are good, but we just got to experience the back yard grilled ones with the minimum sides.
4	I've always wanted to try this place but never had a chance. Today was my day. Didn't know what to expect but it's very rustic, western looking with wooden carton boxes as the seats. There was a long line to order and they take your order while your in line. It's almost somewhat like a cafeteria style. Wait til your burgers are ready then you can pick up everything else like drinks, onion rings, and fries. Also, cash only. There is a sign that says they take cash only so they can get the line moving faster. They do have a ATM machine by the ordering line. LOLWe ordered the Great Big One which is a 1/2 pound with american cheese and wheat bun. My wife got the chicken breast on wheat bun. They charcoal grill your burgers and chicken right in front of you. It's amazing that one guy is grilling and can remember everyone's order. Really good memory. Once you get your burger then you go to the condiment bar to put your own condiments that you want. The burger was really good. Love the charcoal grill taste. Very juicy and tasty. Also, tried by wife's chicken breast and it was very moist and tasty.  We both enjoyed our burger and chicken.  They give you a small order of fries but they were good. I really enjoyed this place and the food. Close by ASU and I know I will be back. Love the concept. Not too fancy. Just good burgers. Enjoy. I sure did.
4	The best way I would sum up ChuckBox is that it is a really really good backyard burger. It's very juicy and delicious. The burgers are simple, and that's how I like.Notes: Cash only, ATM inside
5	I've been driving past The Chuck Box for years, but never stopped and ate until yesterday! Brian and I were in the mood for a nice juicy burger after church and just happened to drive by and decided to pull in. Thank God we did! OMG... this rustic looking burger joint in the heart of Tempe has the best fricken burger in town! Grilled right over a fire, this chef is Amazing; we enjoyed just watching him cook the burgers - a treat in itself! We were impressed how fast the service is how the burgers are cooked JUST PERFECT.  The 'fix'n' bar is cold and fresh - the tomatoes were my favorite! Mmmm... I could go on and on... I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it. I had the great big one and Brian had a double great big one. We also got fries, onion rings, and two beers. Everything was GREAT = we'll be back!
3	The condiments bar was fresh and delicious. The service was ok. The food was not bad. I actually enjoyed the chicken breast. The burger wasn't as great as hyped. It was ok. I think the expectation had been set so high that I left full, but disappointed. CASH only kind of sucked, I mean who does that anymore? I've definitely had better burgers and been to better restaurants within walking distance of this place. I don't know if I'll give it another try? Too many options nearby.
5	You can take Lobby's, Steak n Shake, Smashburger and all the other mid-west/east coast joints abd close them down.THE CHUCK BOX IS AND ALWAYS HAS BEEN THE BEST.The food, the staff and the location rock, almost the only place left that feels like home and a college hangout.The burgers are great :) Fries rock, drinks are cold and everything is served by a staff that still gives a dang about making people good food.For anyone that knocks this place ? Go eat cardboard as that is all you deserve...
5	(Lyrics - The Lonely Island - Dick in a Box)You know you've been there for such a long long timeAnd now I'm ready to wait for it in the lineWell, you know it's Lunch time and my mouth is open wideHope you gonna give me something tasty so you know what's on my mindA burger real special, so take off the bunI'll take a look inside it's at the Chuck Box!It's at the boxNot gonna get me a Burger KingThat sort of burger don't mean anythingNot gonna get me a In-and-OutCause, you've got my shining Yelp starNot gonna get me a Mckey burgerI guy like me needs something realI wanna get me something that'll hit my heartSomething special man!It's at the Chuck BoxIt's at the Chuck Box manIt's at the Chuck BoxOhh, It's at the Chuck Box manWhere should I start!?  Hmmm...Well I was told to come here years ago from a friend, but never traveled my way down to the Mills Ave. much anymore since I'm way past my 20's.  However, it was always on my mind and now; Bam! I did it!  The Chuck Box I guess has been around for ages, not my age apparently.  The place itself is a dive.  Made out to look like it's right out of a pioneer wagon with boxes as chairs.  Seating is limited so arrive and be prepared to wait or pickup and go.  The burgers are made from scratch literally.  It's a "build your own burger" place so add toppings by asking the chef.  Overall, the burger is perfect.  Best firewood grill burger I've had!  Mesquite firewood is what they used. The burger is nice and juicy with a smokey scent!  I went lightly on the toppings since the burger itself is so big!  Ordered me a side of zucchini fries and I'm golden!  In the end, I can be a burger snob, but The Chuck Box impressed me.  I don't care for "build your burger" places, but I'll let this one pass with an A grade. - Enjoy
4	I was in Phoenix for an appoint men on 10Feb, and I was going to meet a friend the night before, she suggested the Chuck box, for both it's price and location to her home.  (She is also a former ASU student,)I liked the building as soon as we pulled up.Inside was a wood fired grill  I ordered my Great Big Bacon Cheese Burger.  It took a while to make, but they cooked it it right in front of me.  I ordered my onion rings crispy, and the cook shouted to the fry cook.I had my drink onion rings and burger, now over to the condiment bar to get topping for the burger.My friend suggested we sit outside, as it was warm night in Tempe.  It didn't take long to chow down on a very good burger and rings.  I will be back the next time in the metropolitan area!
3	One dude, no name tag busting his ass on a busy Saturday. Other dude "norm" reading newspaper. Food is always awesome.
5	Being a pescetarian,  my options were extremely limited,  yet as you see, I gave this place 5 stars.  If any smell is gonna get me to eat meat after 5 years, it's the smell of Chux. No frills. All old school, making cheap food taste amazing. Doing a great job, Chux. Keep it up, & I'll keep coming back.
4	The chuck box was good. The setting was pretty cool when walking in and the service was great. The food was good and had taste. You can put whatever you want on your burger as they have a salad bar for your amenities.
4	This place is great! When you want a REAL burger that is fast, but doesn't taste (or look) like a "fast food" burger, then this is the place to go! The onion rings are delicious also. It is set up like a buffet- you order your food and they cook it in front of you, it is finished by the time you get to the cashier and you pay and take your tray to a table (or get it to go)! There is a condiment bar, that always has fresh ingredients and is kept clean. You can get a pitcher of beer too! They only accept cash though, so come prepared or you have to use their ATM which charges a fee.
5	This is the only place I eat burgers from. Because I don't eat burgers. But I need to go from time to time to Chuck Box! It's super tasty and so well done! Don't care about the wait and the smell because that's part of the experience. I would maybe pay more attention to cleaning but that's all.
4	This place is a whole in the wall and had some good food! Its worth the experience and the nice thing is that it's at a reasonable price!
5	These are the best burgers ever cooked right before your eyes they have chicken sandwiches too sides like fries and onion rings, there is a condiment bar to add whatever and they have beer and wine too its cash only but there is an atm in the corner they have a small parking lot
4	A hole in the wall you'll want to frequent. As a pescetarian, I order the garden burger, and due to the "do it yourself" bar of condiments, I can never go wrong. My boyfriend is a man's man, so he gets the real deal... and we continue to frequent Chuck for a very good reason. So do many others considering the consistent long line regardless of the often long wait ... made to order takes time, kids. I don't recommend the fried zucchini, however, just because it was a bit too cheap tasting and put together. Opt for a different side or create that ranch/hot sauce combo to make anything amazing. One last note, the guac is the consistency of "baby poop" I've been told. We did recommend that they switch the current guac out with a chunkier version. Then again, you might like your guac to have the consistency of mayo. Up to you. At the end of the day, this is a great joint for lunch if you're in the ASU area and looking for a cheap, tasty burger. (They also serve chicken).
5	Went here with my Boyfriend - We love it!!They grab your order while you wait in line and the burgers and the battered onion rings are soo delicious!! They serve beer tooThe place has a condiment bar , clean bathrooms and you can watch them cook your food while you wait! I definitely wanna go back!
3	Spots okay nothing amazing, always packed inside. Hard to find a seat, only takes cash.. Burgers are nothing crazy.. I've had plenty of better burgers. The selection is nice and free of charge to put anything inside. Place is okay. You can find better in tempe.
2	Place is rustic and old,  not a bad thing since it is thematic of the restaurant itself. I have no problem with old but dirty is a different story. I must have come in before the annual mopping because the floor was... greasy. A burger and fries came out to be 7.68 or so, a drink would've pushed it to 10. For that money I could go to In n out and get a better burger, fries and drink for 2 people. While the wood fire grill is a unique touch, the burgers are thin and lacking.  I came here under the pretense that this place would have juicy, thick ground Chuck steak patties.  Not the case.  Fries sat under a heat lamp and were dry inside and out,  dusted in Salt.  I will not be back.
5	My favorite burger joint in Tempe, cash only but worth every cent. I'd recommend adding the green chili to your meal.
5	One of the best non-commercialized burgers I've ever had. Thickness is good, diameter of the patties are large, and they're nice and juicy too. Definitely recommend this place if you want an excellent home-cooked burger. Fries were great too.
5	The absolute best burger i've had. Hands down. The chicken sandwich is great too! Don't skip out on this place if you're in the mood for a burger.Also, like people said--- they only take cash. Be careful!
5	My favorite burger joint easily. I highly recommend their original burger the "big one" or their "hot 'n' spicy chicken". Everything I've had here has been delicious. The food is cooked over an open flame while you watch. The place is always packed, so I recommend going either for an early lunch or late lunch to avoid the crowd. Its cash only, so plan ahead and bring cash. There is an ATM, but there's an ATM fee, so its better to just bring cash.update:If you've never been, this place, GO. Its rustic/cowboy themed. You walk in, shout your order over a noisy crowd packed in the small building. Then watch your food get cooked over a wood burning fire. Once you pay (with cash), then you can pile on toppings at the self-serve toppings bar. There's indoor and outdoor seating. Also, there is beer on tap and free soda refills.This is the ONE restaurant that I frequent that has never disappointed me, even in the slightest way.
5	Hands down best burger joint around!!! Great service bomb food affordable price you can't go wrong really. Everything here is great I come here with my son and husband all the time great setting even for families!
3	Bun falls apartMeat was dryBut the mushrooms were good (fried)I like Ted's better for a cheap cookout-esque burger
5	This place is great. Wow. I love meat and burgers and hearty food. Got the bacon cheese burger and man was I impressed. The bacon was circular and flat instead of strips, it was a nice touch. Try it for yourself.
4	The burgers are fresh and hearty, but the lettuce provided kept falling out of my burger. But overall the guacamole bacon cheeseburger was fantastic! The fries could've used a little less salt.
4	It's been forever since I ate at the Chuck Box! Despite being a prodigal patron, with as far as a decade span since our last meal here, the burgers are still good as ever, with reasonable prices for what you get.I browsed through the menu and decided on the Tijuana Torpedo ($6). It was a monstrous meal, with 1/2 of ground beef, 2 whole grilled green chiles, and jack cheese. The burgers are grilled right in front of you, and sides include fries, onion rings, and fried zucchini.The burger bar has a plethora of toppings to choose from after you get your burger. Such options include lettuce, tomato, jalapeno, onion, mustard, ketchup, and relish. The burger was quite tasty, with a pleasant grilled flavor from both beef and the green chile. The green chiles I had were pretty mild, so if you want to kick up the heat, add some jalapenos from the burger bar.Be sure to remember that it's cash only here. This keeps prices down, but at the same time it can be inconvenient if you typically don't carry much cash in your wallet. They do have an ATM machine though if you've forgotten!
4	This place is so yummy! It reminds me a lot of Bun Huggers in Flagstaff (grill/cook the food in front of you, condiments bar, nearly identical menu), but they have much better french fries (which is a big deal to me - I love me some fries with my burger). We went here before seeing a show at ASU Gammage, and I'm a fan. I only wish it wasn't so far away from where I live (Peoria), but it's now one of my East Valley food spots for whenever I'm in the area. The prices aren't bad, and you get a lot of food. The restaurant isn't exactly nice inside, and the employees aren't what you'd call friendly, but I didn't mind much because the food was so good. The one annoying thing is that they are cash-only; however, they do have an ATM inside, where you can get cash for a fee (ours was $2).
5	The absolute best burger in Arizona. When I was in college, I couldn't afford to eat here 3 times a week but I did because it was that good. If I am going to be anywhere near there I detour over for a burger. Love the Chuckbox!
4	As far as the food goes, this restaurant has one of the best tasting grilled chicken sandwiches! I order the same thing pretty much every time - the regular grilled chicken sandwich with cheddar cheese. Their topping bar is great too so you can help yourself. I typically get lettuce, tomato, onions, & mayonnaise. Their sides are good - my favorite is the onion rings but I've also tried the fries (sometimes a little salty), fried zucchini, & fried mushrooms. This restaurant also has delicious ranch dipping sauce which is one of my favorites for food like this. The line is almost always really long but well worth the wait. It's fun to watch them cook your food in front of you & they serve it cafeteria style. I will say however that a couple of times, when we've ordered our sides, they've gotten a bit cold or have been taken, especially since the wait is a bit longer for chicken to cook than the burgers. The prices are pretty reasonable & it's a great hang out place as well for groups.
4	Delicious burgers, like the burgers I remember growing up, tasty, juicy and plentiful. I ordered the basic burger with American cheese. The patty was huge and tasty, not dry at all. The buns they use are pretty basic, sesame seed. It did start falling apart towards the end but that may have been because of all the toppings I added. The toppings bar is off to the side so you can add whatever you like and add as little or as much as you like. Their fries, onion rings and fried zucchini were fine, nothing spectacular but weren't bad. CASH ONLY btw!
5	Best burgers in town????? Yeah, I'm gonna have to agree with other Yelpers. I've stopped by a couple times since I stumbled onto this place and I'm a fan! I will quickly refer anyone here for one of their delicious hamburgers. A couple options in patty size, cheese experience and additional toppings on the grill. A couple fried vegetable options to choose from, zucchini & fries hit the spot for me. A full condiment bar to top off your burger to its perfection. Not much more you can ask for.....FYI-They only take CASH so bring sum chedda. They do have an ATM tho in case you forget. Also, good food can sometimes equal a bit of a long line to get up to the grill and with being smack dab in the middle of ASU this place can get packed. Have a prospect grab you some seats is my recommendation while you drool in line for a delicious bite to eat
4	WARNING: Cash or GTFOThe Chuck Box feels like a place where a bunch of gruff guys just decided to start a simple, no-frills cookout cafe from their backyard. I want to complain about the long, disorganized lines in which you place orders 8 spots from the grill by yelling what you want...but it seems to work. No one's order gets messed up. The burgers are legit...nice quality, lean beef that you get to watch sizzle on the flame. Don't order yours well-done, or the staff will roll their eyes, and people like me will give you dirty looks for holding up the line. I got the Tijuana torpedo, which is just pepper jack and green chile. Even though the bun is a simple, wimpy sesame, it still holds up to be a nice meal. Fries aren't shabby, either. I'd like the burger to get seasoned just a tad bit, but then again there's a couple dozen condiments for you to choose from.The menu is simple, affordable, and filling. You can grab a table and a beer and catch some sports. It's just an old-fashioned establishment that deserves to survive the gentrification of pretentious local-this and organic-that eateries.
4	I tried the Tijuana Torpedo here and wow, probably one of the best burgers I've tasted. Everything is made to order, staff is cool, and just the atmosphere is completely laid back. They do only accept cash though just to make sure there are no long waits.
3	Good burger. Made to order right on the charcoal grill. You select your patty size and type of cheese.  Customize your own burger with basic condiments.  Add fries and a drink.Customer service, nonexistent. The cashier didn't even say thank you when I handed him a tip.The store itself was hot and muggy. It felt like it was hotter inside than outside, and outside was over 104 degrees!Overall, a decent burger but not worth it.
5	The box is THE place to go 4 an excellent, top it yourself (which I like) perfectly cooked burger....I usually have the big one. If you're really hungry go 4 the double. Excellent rings 2. Word of warning though....PAY ATTENTION here folks...NO AC...if you're not a local, this is NOT the place 4 u after May 1st, got it....the rest of us don't wanna hear u crying in July!!!!
4	Good burgers, decent prices the only downside is cash only. I understand there is a fee associated with taking  cards. But it's 2014.
4	Positively awesome cheeseburgers. Maybe one of the better ones I've had. Getting a green chile on it is a good idea, folks. Do it. The fries lack any personality, but they're good. I don't know if they make them fresh, but I really wouldn't be surprised if they were frozen. But everything else is incredible. As far as service goes, I'm taking a star away for that. Confused as to why this place is cafeteria style. Even if there are only a few other people in line, you'll be standing in line for 20 minutes, watching burgers cook. It's cool for about 2, then I just get hungry. That, and the guy running the cash register was a jerk. Girlfriend had her expired id while trying to get a beer(she's 24). She apologized because she'd simply forgot to throw it out. She pulled out her passport which she carries for work, and the guy still barely agreed to give her a beer. He lectured about expired ids while he literally took 2 minutes to pour the slowest poured  beers I've ever laid witness to. Let it go, guy. We got the picture. I even offered to just forget the beers if he was really THAT uncomfortable or afraid of getting in trouble over serving someone with A PASSPORT as id. He said no it's ok and then kept lecturing as he took a full minute to make change for us. Seriously had to walk away in the middle of his sentence because I felt like I was a kid again, getting lectured by my dad about learning to behave for the baby sitter. Loved the food and will obviously be back, but that dude shoulda taken a chill pill, brah.
5	Been coming to this burger joint for over 20 years - back when it was in Scottsdale. Each summer we travel to the PHX area to stay for a couple weeks... Every year we come here at least once. In all those years I have never had a bad experience. Burgers are always spot on, delicious, and fresh. Great character, too! Love the Chuck Box!
4	Great burgers, friendly people and terrific atmosphere. The old picture of Reagan in a B movie with a gun tells you immediately that this place has character, and is not afraid to show it.
5	I have been eating at The Chuck Box for years and despite all the influx of high end burger joints, this is still my favorite burger in town. In fact, I am giving a five star rating here purely on the hamburger, which is absolutely delicious. Another positive is the condiment bar for the burgers. It is well stocked, so you can add what you want. The fries are good, and I like that they don't offer a huge portion at an inflated price like some burger joints in town.As another reviewer alluded to, this restaurant definitely has character. It can get very crowded and parking can get sparse, so try to go during off hours or when ASU is not in session. it is also cash only, though they do have an ATM there.
5	Tijuana Torpedo! Tijuana Torpedo! Tijuana Torpedo!if the japanese security forces used these Torpedos I would be SUNK!and they would be heros. Just for one day. Reviewer Taric often has to GTFO. Start carrying cash little buddy.
4	The Chuckbox is a good hole in the wall place to eat. Really good burger. It was my first time hear and they impressed me. It was a nice good cooked burger right over the grill and you could taste the freshness of the burger.
5	This place is literally right across the street from the ASU campus, so I came here quite regularly while I attended there. Every time I come back to visit Tempe, I have to make a stop here. The bacon cheeseburger was my personal favorite. After all, who doesn't love circular bacon? Everything is made right in front of you, it's a lot of fun to watch. One of the trademarks from the cooks is to yell 'FRIES" if you order them. There's a condiment bar where you can put your own stuff on your burger. The Big One is also a popular choice. I loved the BBQ chicken sandwich as well. Burgers are very reasonably priced, everything is made to how you want it. They serve beer to wash everything down with as well. It is cash only, but they do have an ATM inside. Parking lot is a little small and it can get very crowded at lunch time. Best to go when ASU is not in session or on the weekends when students are too hungover to go for lunch. But if you're looking for any burgers not named McDonalds or In-N-Out, then this is absolutely the place
3	While the interior appears to follow the name of what you would expect a chuck box to look like, I wasn't at all thrilled with the wait, or the product.I went with a hot dog (yes I know it's not their specialty) but really a hot dog served on a hamburger bun? That info should be disclosed before you order. Why would I want a long hot dog on a round bun? Not at all appetizing either and the fries needed salt. A popular condiment that should be cooked into the food.You wait in line to order which can take a while, pay cash only and condiments are on a salad bar type table. Hubby had a burger which was great in flavor but unspectacular otherwise. I think the biggest draw for this place is the location and price. It's worth going to but be careful. Hubby also almost choked on 2 toothpicks that were somehow in his sandwich. He didn't want to say anything about it so it never got mentioned but first impressions mean a lot.
3	I've heard A LOT about the Chuck Box over the years, so I finally decided it was time I gave it a go.Atmosphere-wise, nothing to write home about. It has a similar vibe to the Original Hamburger Works, with a wagon full of condiments and a similar order, watch them grill your burger, pay setup. The place looks old, which I guess is part of it's appeal. They only accept cash for payment, which is kind of lame in this day and age.The burger itself was good. Good like a home-cooked burger on the grill would be. For $8 and some change, I'm not in a rush to hurry back here, but I won't say that I'll never return. Overall, I just didn't feel it lived up to the hype.
3	Just a regular good burger you can make at home, wasn't too impressed. Not saying it was bad just wasn't to die for like I expected
4	The place is simple.  Don't expect anything fancy.  However, expect to get a great burger.  A bunch of friends and I came here after a game.  I initially thought it would be a mistake to go in.  I was pleasantly surprise.  Try them out. You'll enjoy it.
4	Food wise if you like burgers then these guys are a solid 5. Everything else 3. Went for the first time today with some co-workers. Long lunch crowd, not a fan of the guy taking orders yelling asking people in the long line for their order and I had to yell back before anyone actually got to the front, I had no idea what they offered and would have felt embarrassed if I hadn't been given a paper menu by a co-worker so I could order right away. The place was warm, humid, my seat was a wooden box that was planted to the ground sideways so I wasn't able to move my feet very easily with the small space under the table. I'm not a fan of self serve topping section, reminds me of a smaller less air conditioned Fuddruckers except they don't have Buffalo or ostrich burgers for me to try.  They don't take cash...come on, why make people borrow from friends or pay an atm fee(my friend said their bank reimburses them). I'm curious if chuck box pockets the $2 charge in addition to saving the credit fees. They're clearly not hurting for business and they don't have a dollar menu so  just suck it up and pay the 15 cents for every $5 burger you sell for customer convince. I don't normally pay $5.50 for a burger (over $8 with fries and tax) but they're burger was very good, their fries were great too. There are many, MANY places to eat around ASU and if I feel like paying 8 bucks for lunch again I'll try more places I haven't been before I come here again.
2	I must be missing something... Just not my kind of place I guess.  Other than having close proximity to ASU, I have no idea how this place stays in business. Definitely, not a place to sit down comfortably (chairs are actually Woden crates sitting on their sides) and relax on your lunch hour. Extremely loud and everyone is fighting for a spot at the Condiment bar to add some sort of flavor to a low end meat burger. I've also had better fries at Wendy's and McD's...With Portillo's a mile and a half away, why would anyone go back here?
3	So I came to the chuck box off of a recommendation from a friend.  He stated that it was the best burger he's ever had and even was wanting to throw down a 20 dollar bet on this burger he was so confident.   Well after my first visit here I think he owes me 20 bucks. First I want to say that I've had a lot of burgers in my day.  Some really good and some really bad.  One of the first signs to me of a burger that won't break my top 3 list is when I can't order it medium rare.  We got to the chuck box around noon and the place was packed to the gills.  We waited in line and I ordered the big one with cheddar on a white bun.  The burger looked decent off the grill but the bun was something I could buy at Costco (another sign of a top 3 ranking burger is a good home made bun)I didn't have an issue with the lack of options at the condiment bar other than how the onions were diced to put on a burger made for an awkward experience. First bite was decent enough and all the onions then fell off the burger due to how they were diced.  About half way through the burger, my bun was completely falling apart.  The onion rings were decent but yet again I've had better.  All in all it wasn't a bad burger but it wasn't at all the best I've had.   I'm pretty sure this place stays in business because it's on a college campus, it's cheap, and what college kid doesn't love a good cheap burger.  Since I have no college memories of this place to make it seem better than it really is I am impartial and can just rate the food.  All in all a decent experience but doubtful I will make the drive again for lunch.
4	I have driven by this place so many times and always wanted to stop in.  We decided to take the light rail this weekend and check it out.  Delicious burgers and fries in a rustic, fun setting.  Love that you can top your own burger too.  Make sure to bring enough cash or your card to withdrawal money...no credit cards accepted here.  Friendly staff too!
1	I'm all about supporting local small businesses, in fact I'll almost always choose them over the big guy even if they cost more.  However, it's just far too much of a stretch this time around.  I really wanted to like this place but it's not possible.  To start with the lunch time lines are absurd which is understandable but their operation do not change to reflex this influx and simply put their system is not built to handle a lot of business.  You order and wait in front of a hot grill for your burger to come out then take your cafeteria tray to the register where only cash is accepted.  Awkward but fine if the staff weren't completely aloof.  Then if you can find seating it's on a shoe buffing box at a dirty table in a hot and pack dining area.  At this point I'm still up to becoming a believer in the "Chuck Box" following.  However, the second you take your first bite you feel incredibly stupid for putting up with the hassle because you're eating what amounts to picnic food.  Everyone has been to one of those company or organization burger burns where some guy who fancies himself a mans man tries to prove his worth by building the buggiest fire he can and throwing frozen beef on top of it.  This is the quality and taste you get at Chuck Box, dry beef that tastes like chemically laden processed bovine fat and heavy charcoal smoke.  They're selling something that I avoid when it's free.  Make your own decisions obviously but I wish I could take back the time and hunger spent here.
5	I've been either living in Arizona (in the 80's) or for the last 25 years coming to Arizona and never miss a chance to stop at Chuckbox. It was said in the eighties that John Wayne would have killed for one of these great burgers and it's still true today. They tend to run a little too short on staff at night (and you'll get to hear Charles bitch) but the taste of that mesquite grilled burger makes up for it. One of the best burgers ever!
4	This is a landmark in Tempe and a mecca for ASU Students. The original place for building your own burger. Order the different size burgers and then add on your own fixings of lettuce,  tomatoes, onions, pickles, etc.The burgers do not sit under a heat lamp and are placed on the grill after you tell them which size or how many patties. So you have a fresh burger and toasted bun which is placed on a paper plate. Great grilled taste and add customize to your liking.We also ordered fries, onion rings and deep fried mushrooms which were all prepared well.They also have hot dogs and other items but you have to come here for the burgers. When in Tempe or asu this is a must and then 20 years when you come back it will be almost the same with a little extra in price but not enough to have to break the piggy bank.
5	Best hamburgers. Best fries. Attention to detail is second to none. The patties are grilled on coals and fries are done in small batches. Ruthlessly efficient too.
4	Whoooo child! I would've gained so much weight if I went to ASU. That Torpedo burger looked legit but my appetite was not up to the challenge. Burgers were juicy and cooked to order, topping bar had everything we needed to load our burgers.Jalepeno poppers were perfect popper size and onion rings were nice and crispy.
4	A hole in the wall atmosphere. Cash only. Friendly and efficient staff. We had the torpedo and little along with fries and onion rings. Everything was delicious beyond my expectations. They cook on what looks like a sewer grate over charcoal. REAL beef; Not frozen patties! Self serve bar for all the condiments and fixins. The line moved fast despite the large crowd.
5	Love it! Great burgers and fries, they also serve coke products, a big plus! Great atmosphere and all the toppings u could want. No negatives I could find. Yummy.
5	The Chuckbox brings to the table what is possibly the best burger in Tempe. If you take In-N-Out out of the picture, this burger is uncontested as the tastiest burger. They have a simple menu that consists of different sized meats, cheeses and different appetizers (such as fried mushrooms). Their burgers are freshly cooked in front of you and their fries are absolutely delicious. They have a toppings station where they have burger toppings as well as dipping sauces and condiments. Their seating is similar to that of a cabin (very cozy though). As far as service, I've always gotten exceptionally good service (except for one time around two years ago). Very friendly staff and very professional at what they do. Highly recommended to anyone looking for a really good burger in Tempe.
5	This was by far the best meal I had all week.  CONS:*cash only - I HATE that.  Very inconvenient.  I never have cash.*the process of standing in line, yelling your order over and then waiting for your food to be cooked while still standing in line.PROS:*$20 for 2 big burgers, fries and a pitcher of beer!!!*The most delicious Tijuana Torpedo burger ever*yummy fries*ice cold, frosted beer glassesI can't wait to go back.  The topping bar did nothing for me but the chili and cheese on my burgers were plenty for taste and moisture.
2	Too expensive for a regular burger . Even smash burger better than this place. I've tried cheese burger but it's taste like a regular burger, no tasty flavor or special sauce to attract you
5	Best burger in Phoenix. (Disclaimer: I've only lived here for a year, but that being said, thus far, best burger I've found around these parts) PS get the onion rings!!!
5	Bar none my favorite burger in 42 years of eating them.  The meat is awesome and grilled perfectly every time.  You can dress it up with whatever you want with how much ever you want.  I put a ton of stuff on it and throw it down.  I don't care if the restaurant is dumpy.  I don't care if the single file line is out the door.  I don't care if they only take cash.  I get a perfect burger and decent fries and it is all worth it.
4	Phenomenal burgers and an Arizona State University Sun Devil staple!Perhaps no other restaurant in the Tempe area embodies ASU more than Chuck Box.  Directly across the street from campus, it has been serving up some of the best burgers around for decades. The atmosphere is simple and the burgers are great.  To borrow a tagline from a commercial I saw years back advertising a product I don't remember, "They're not great because they've been around for so long.  They've been around for so long because they're GREAT!"
5	5 star burger for sure. Made to order over flames in front of your face. Boom. If that's not enough, the chicken and the beef patties  are fresh, fat and delicious. Toppings are done buffet style and you sit on a wooden box. Lol serious. The chairs throughout are wooden boxes. Highly recommended!
3	If you're looking for a fast burger then this is not your place.  They cook the burgers right in front of you so it takes a while.The food was good, the ambiance was rustic.  The taste was good, although it would have been nice to get a higher quality bun. I felt that the customer service was ok, not great.  I loved that they have a condiment bar.I wouldn't go our of my way to go there, but if in the area I would go back.TIPS: go during odd times as rush hour is packed and don't forget your cash.  No cards accepted.
5	Delicious burger being cooked in front of you on a wood fire grill. Yes, please! I was curious about this place after seeing some pictures and was not disappointed.  A couple of notes:- Cash Only - It's not fast food, they cook the burger when you order it.  - Get french fries you won't regret it! A place to go for a simple great burger, it's one of the best burgers I have had
5	Great burgers. Don't judge a book by its cover. This place is slammed on gamedays for a reason.
5	Freakin best burgers have ever had. They make everything in front of you, which I absolutely love. Herd about the place from my boyfriend and I am in love! Friendly service, great staff but most importantly great food. Please bring cash before you come here, they do not accept credit or debit card. Kind of noisy but worth it. :-)
3	So much simplicity that its to the point of being quirky & inconvenient & not worth the trouble.  Its a shack with a wonderful odor of charbroiled burgers emanating from it.  The line is a few people deep but the line is kept moving as the burger crafters have you shout your order to them.  So yeah, just because youre not at the front of the line, you still need to be ready to order your big one, great one, great big one or whatever and fries, rings, zuchinni.  Then you stand in front of the cook and watch your food get made like youre a 6 year old at a car wash.  Ok, i'd much rather order, pay & have a seat while my food is made, but apparently i need to watch it get made.  ok.After youre food is made, you finish off the process at the condiment bar.  I like the flexibility & freedom to top it with whatever you choose.  But, i'd much prefer it if they were confident in their craft to construct a proper burger for you, instead of it being like grilling at a backyard high school party.  I ordered a 1/3rd lb burger with cheese.  i should have gotten a bigger patty or a double since it was dominated by bun   :/Oh well, i'll give it another shot.  The price wasnt bad, while it wasnt great, it wasnt bad.
5	If you want a delicious, hot burger with tasty sides, this is your place. It's rustic interior is charming. You get to watch your burger cook. It's not as fast as mcdonalds, but that's a good thing. It's quick and delicious. The fried zucchini were fantastic.
5	This is a traditional stop with my Daddy on my way into town for a visit. Tucked into its spot on ASU's campus, you could totally pass up this place if not for the heavenly smells and the crowd lined up out the door. The cooked to order burgers, chicken and sides are heaven on an open flame. Great toppings bar and a cold beer to boot, this is a great value for the money. Be sure to bring your money too. Cash money, no exceptions and there is an ATM inside. Get there ASAP.
4	Well I have yet to have the food but this past holiday weekend the wife and I just wanted to scope the place out. The smell was overwhelming and they make everything to order right on the grill. I can't wait to try the chicken sandwich and when I do I will update this review. Now be advised they only take cash and the parking could be a bit tricky. They draw tons of foot traffic because this establishment is located right in the heart of Tempe and ASU students I imagine are in abundance. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
4	I give them 5 stars for their burgers but have to give em 3 for their fries.. It's nice but not AMAZING in my opinion. I'm definitely coming  here again and would highly recommend it. The patties are half an inch thick and it's nice that you can specify how you want the patty cooked. Cash Only! So be prepared or use the arm inside. There's parking available but DONT wonder off the premises and keep your car in their lot it will get towed. Friendly service and while the line may seem long at first it moved really fast. The inside interior is cute and simple, a little rustic even. I like the outdoor seating area where you are sitting in giant piece of rounded wood - I forget the name heheh ..Anyways come here and get a double patty, if you're not super hungry and don't have a giant appetite get a double "little one" otherwise get the BIG ONE.. And I got a double little one w cheddar cheesex2 but my next visit will be one cheddar slice and one Swiss - nice balance I think.
5	Favorite spot to grab a burger in the valley! Offering can be complicated so if you didn't go to ASU ask questions. Burners are always exceptional and filling. Give it 11 stars if I could.
5	It seems like they're enjoying what they're doing. Their food is the best. Burger King or McDonald aren't comparable to their burgers. Even though the waiting for the food is long, but it's worth it.
5	One of the best burgers I've had! I highly recommend the avocado and bacon burger with pepper jack. The restaurant has a welcoming atmosphere reminiscent of a picnic, though it was crowded and hectic for good reason! Definitely can't go wrong.
4	Reasonably priced burgers. It's great that you can customize your burger & watch it be grilled. One of the better burgers I've had in Arizona.
5	Fresh, charbroiled juicy burgers! Had the Tijuana Torpedo and will be back! Burger bar with fresh fixins too and great tap beer. Small place and busy but these guys do it up right and tasty. Go now!
5	Awesome Burger and great service, do it yourself. Great lunch place before the Cactus Bowl.  Go Dawgs.
5	Love this place, favorite dive in AZ
