5	I had to find a new and interesting place to write my first Yelp review, and I think Mayuri Palace was a good choice.  My husband and I went to their lunch buffet the other day and I was floored with the selection.  I'm not an expert by any means on Indian food, but I've eaten at Tandoori times in Scottsdale, and while I liked their flavors, the food here just tastes authentic and really fresh.  The dosa that they brought out was also nice and crispy and also went well with their paneer dish.   Oh and the goat curry was really really good!  I've never eaten goat before and for the price we were paying which was like $11, it was a surprise to get something so exotic.  To end the meal, they had a table with some great sweets as well.  I don't know what any of them were called, sorry :) but I have to say they were all so good.  What a great meal!  I can't wait to go back.  My in laws are coming in to town for July 4th weekend and I plan to bring them here for a taste of India in the middle of Phoenix.  Thanx Mayuri!  Really great job!
4	Renamed and with new owners.  The GOOD:  The food is much better.  Better selection.  Indian Paradise 2 was getting plain.  This stuff is spicy!  Very tasty.  And they include a rice/potato crepe.  The BAD:  Buffet went from 8 bucks to now 11.99.   Is it worth it?  That's something you'll have to decide.  I definitely like the more flavorful food, but don't like the higher price.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKEND LUNCH BUFFET!!  = = = = = =Ahh, true happiness...  having a new Buffet open & having it be 5 Stars!!Stopped in here for lunch today and was greeted by an amazing array of Indian dishes!  I counted up 43 items plus sauces & condiments, which is HUGE for an Indian Buffet!Started off with some delicious Mango Lassi (juice), Chole Batura (soupy dish with Garbanzos & other things), some special warm flatbread (different than Naan) that goes with the previous dish, Sambar & Rasam (soups) & a regular Indian salad.  Then it was on to Naan, a Dosa, Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Biriyani, Chicken Kurma & Chicken Makhani (all very different from each other), Mutton Varuval, Dalak Paneer (spinach), Fish Curry, Eggplant Karau Kulumbu, Vegetable Kurma, Medhu Vada, and on & on!!I got totally full before reaching any of the TEN tasty looking desserts, ending the feast with just some nice Indian Tea.  (Return visit necessary!)Everything was terrific here...  the nice restaurant, comfortable booth seating, friendly attentive table service and the delicious food!  I've been circulating around between all of the Indian Buffets in the Valley here for 4 1/2 years now & this was absolutely my best Indian meal ever!  YUM!!     :-))One caveat:  The food here is spicy!  Bring your taste for adventure, your sweatband, & drop the kids off at McDonald's.     :-)Weekend Lunch Buffet:  $12.99, Weekdays $9.99.
3	It was a very nice atmosphere and people were nice and helpful but i thought their e was a little steep for the options at $12.99.. They fill u up with the multiple bread options so u eat less.
3	As you walk into Mayuri Palace immediately you inhale exotic aromatic fragrances from the food and your mouth waters anticipating what you might try.Many things I really liked a lot from and about Mayuri Buffet so I will start with those things first.Of course I couldn't try everything but by a landslide to me the best dishes were the vegan dishes and this would have been a solid four star review if I only tried the vegan dishes. The dishes were all different but the one thing they all had in common were that they were WILDLY FLAVORFUL and VERY SPICY. Some of the names of the dishes were Pongal, Kosthu, Dal Fry, and  Butter Masala.Out of the meat dishes I tried the Chilli Chicken was moist and very flavorful and good.Durring my stay "Butlered" Naan bread was served and latter a crisp kind of crepe stuffed with a seasoned potato and pepper filling and latter yet a lacy sort crepe wrap.The things I didn't care for.Three other chicken dishes I tried had very dry non developed with flavor chicken. They were the Tandori, Biryani, and Masala. I also tried the Cod Curry. I couldn't eat that one either because the fish had that like purchased from Fry's or Safeway taste. It wasn't bad but it was that non fresh taste. But I DO NOTE fish from almost any buffet anywhere usually isn't good. My husband only took meat dishes and didn't care for them and disliked the goat most because of the meats dryness. They had many deserts but I narrowed it down to three to try. I didn't care for any of them. The worst one was the one that resembled a donut hole. It was fresh made of lumpy thick raw batter and was horrible. Another resembled a funnel cake but also had this raw texture. The carrot halwa was so sweet I thought my teeth would fall out. That was  almost good.Service was clunky. They poured us water but didn't ask us if we wanted beverages till we were almost done. We also didn't receive the naan bread until we were half way done.The pavement outside is uneven in one spot and IS HAZARDOUS.Buffets do differ from day to day and hour to hour maybe some days they could be better.3.5 stars I would go back because the vegan dishes were very  tasty.
5	Decided to try this restaurant after finding a Groupon deal. We ordered the medhu vada (lentil donut app), malai kofta (veggie dumplings), and malabar fish curry. Everything was delicious but the veggie dumplings were amazing! The sauce was perfectly spiced and super creamy. It was the best Indian dish I've ever had! I love Indian food and would say that of all the Indian restaurants I've tried in the Phoenix area,  this is the best!
5	Super tasty and super friendly wait staff. Also lots of vegetarian options on the HUGE menu! Great stuff. Ill be back for sure! Hard to find a tasty Indian restaurant around here and now I did!
4	Yum! Mayuri Palace was a godsend when we discovered it after a long and frustrating day shopping for cars. Exhausted, cranky, and feeling starved my family stumbled through the doors. The restaurant felt clean and had a decent ambience. With a nice large menu we were almost overwhelmed, but went to some family favorites. The veggie samosas were delicious, but we were sad there were only 2. We really enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala, Paneer Tikka, and Lamb Vindaloo. All rich in flavor and cooked well! The garlic naan was perfect. We ordered gulab jamun for dessert and found them a little disappointing. 1/2 warm 1/2 cold like they had been quickly microwaved, and with a simple syrup, and no flavor like rose or cardamom. While we were dining we saw another table redeem a groupon, so we rushed on to see if they were available for purchase. They were (what luck!) and we snapped up a $15 for $30 deal and used it on our meal we were in the process of eating! Overall a great experience, and would certainly go back if we were in the area again!
5	Been there on Saturday noon. It had hell lot of items for buffet n most of them were good.
4	Used a Groupon at Mayuri Palace and was very pleased! Their butter naan was fantastic and their Chicken Tikka Masala was great. Wasn't thrilled with our Mayuri Special Chutney Wala Chicken. And their decor is super weird. Otherwise, great food and service.
3	Found this place through Groupon.  It looked fine inside, and the staff was attentive.  The man who I am assuming was the owner was a little pushy when it came to ordering - he tried to upsell everything, and not in a very low-key way.  "Can I have some plain Naan?"  "Two orders garlic Naan?"  "Um - no - on order - regular Naan."   While the decor is nice from far away, when you get up close to the curtains along the wall next to the booths, you can see the previous diners have left smears of their food on the curtains.  That was not so good.BUT - the food was VERY tasty.  My partner is a vegetarian and there were many options for him to choose from.  I was torn between Lamb Makhani (which I loved) and Biryani (which I want to go back for).  Honestly - was it my favorite Indian I've had in Phoenix?  No.  Was it bad?  No.  But as you walked around you saw what looked like a failing business.  Huge restaurant - mostly empty - bathrooms in disrepair - decor dirty/stained - etc.  I have no fault with the food, but we aren't sure we want to go back for dine-in.  Carry-out?  We could do that.
5	Food was very delicious!!!!!  Ordered Vegetable Korma (=Kurma--their spelling) + rice noodles, Chicken appetizers with the Indo-Manchurian sauce, Tandoori Chicken, and Garlic Naan.Everything tasted very good and fresh.   The mint chutney is super bright green.Servers were very friendly, and food came out fast.Decor is odd, but I could care less about that.  I think it's always smart when restaurants start out slowly, replacing furniture and decor as they become more successful.  Less pressure for the owners to make money and scrimp on ingredients/care with the food.Very happy that we tried this place because of Groupon.  We'll be back, even if means a longer drive.  Highly recommend!  After all, we went on a Sunday night, and the food was still super fresh and tasty.
5	Anyone that writes a bad review for this place is seriously not looking for Indian food.  I see a lot of reviews about curtains, decor, etc, but people like me, who just want killer Indian food in a clean environment know what this place is really about.  I'm talking tikka masala, vindaloo, biriahini, and really great goat curry.  Their buffet is really beyond measure, and carry out is always a good time too.  I guess my advice is to come here hungry and leave satisfied simple as that.  Don't worry about what's not here, just worry about all the great things it has!  For the record I'd take this place and its decor over Tandoori Times any day.
4	We found this place on groupon and the food was excellent! The service was a little slow and the overall decor of the restaurant was a little dated. But the food was good. We will be back!
5	Traveled a bit to get here but wanted to give this place a chance.  What a great idea that was!!!  Chicken Vindaloo, basmati rice and chicken biryani--- ALL delicious and cooked to order as we requested.  The portions were generous as well.  Food was not greasy and most flavorful.  We like spicy dishes and we got them.  Most places are afraid of making them spicy when you request it.  This is NOT to say that people who are cautious of spiciness can't get what they want.  The service was friendly and attentive.  I can't complain about a thing.  BTW, I don't rate on decor so people who don't like their decor aren't into really good serious indian food.  This was REALLY, REALLY, good indian food priced lower than most indian restaurants.  The basmati rice was included with the entree while most indian restaurants don't.  Other restaurants make you order rice separately to jack up the bill.   I am definitely going back to enjoy what was probably the best indian food in a long time.
4	We worked up a sweat at the nearby Phoenix Badminton Center, Deer Valley yesterday. So after 3 1/2 hours of batting it around my pals and I decided to feed our faces at the MP Indian Buffet/restaurant again.The variety of veg./ non veg. North& South Indian cuisine is pretty nice and unusual. The service was attentive as always and we settled right in after piling our plates high.The soups, rice dishes, appetizers, bondas, Vadas, samosas, hot naan bread and tons of other delicious chicken tikka masala and fish called for several plates and bowls in attendance on our table. Desserts offer variety and drink the mango lassi,ya.Now we contemplated either a nap back at the Center (feasible in their comfy lounge) or to bat the birdie around and work off the lunch and decided on the latter.The Mayuri Palace is located blocks from the I-17 fwy./Bell across from a Fiat dealer and easy to get in and out from.             Bon Appetit!
3	Daytime visit and it looked a bit sketchy from the outside and was a bit nervous parking in the back of the building.  Inside didn't seem to be renovated much from whatever restaurant was there before.  Staff was polite.  Buffet was reasonably priced and had numerous options, with quite a few being Indian dishes that are uncommon at other buffets in town.  Dosa was just just ok, as was the Naan.   The fried appetizers were not very fresh and some of the buffet area was a little messy.   Place was very busy and filled with native Indian customers, which is a very good sign in my book.
5	I freaking LOVE this place I have been there four times and the Lunch buffet is consistently amazing. There are about 5 other Indian places in our neighborhood and they are either too strong and taste like incense or they are not as flavorful, Mayuri Palace is just right. The service is great and they offer up stuff other places don't!Try it!
4	Love this place, but let's get the prices and days straight.  They are CLOSED on Monday.  Tues-Thurs the lunch buffet is $9.99.  Fri $11.99.  Sat/Sun $12.99.I haven't noticed a difference in the food selection on either day, but maybe I'm missing something.  First thing I like: The have real Basmati white rice.  Tasty.  Next:The always have a good selection of soups and dishes on the buffet although lately, haven't seen any goat curry, only fish.The bad:Usually I go later, around 2 and the tea is either out or cold.  The paneer can also be gone.  I guess I have to get my act together and get there earlier!
5	We love this place!!! The food here is closest to what you get in India. The spice level and taste is perfect and one can try any dish fearlessly as all of them taste good. My favorite is goat biriyani. Buffet lunches here are great too. They just need to work on their desserts. Finally, service here is great too. The staff here are my favorite-Bindu and Lijjin are great.  Hope they keep up their standards in future too.
2	We love to try new places and always looking for a great Indian restaurant since there are not many in the valley.  Tried this place through a Groupon yet probably won't come back. When we arrived for dinner, we were told only the buffet would be available due to some prior catering commitments the restaurant had. We decided to stay although disappointed we would be limited to the buffet offerings. The buffet itself was not too bad. Popular Indian items offered yet mimosas were not, which is was what we really wanted to try. Since it was a buffet, we did get lots of food for the price, which was very reasonable. The place itself looked a bit neglected in that food stains were seen on the drapes and the prior establishment's interior designs and style was reused. (Photos of black bears not seem to be part of an Indian restaurant motif). Service was a bit spotty in that we needed to flag the waitress down for water refills and napkins. Although the food was decent (for what was offered) we will most likely not return.
3	Not sure what I was expecting when I came here, but I was pleasantly surprised.lol. That can sum up my review in one sentence!Well we ordered a Groupon for Mayuri and decided to use it on Saturday night around 9pm. Was really craving some good chicken curry. When we came through the doors we found out that this place was more of a Buffet..hmm I don't really like buffets but we did it anyways.  But you know, I actually liked it. I made a plate of rice with butter chicken and nan bread. I tried a few other items but really fell for the butter chicken. Was well worth it.
4	We stopped at the Mayuri Palace for dinner.  We ordered our favorite dishes.   I was delighted that the lamb vindaloo I ordered was delivered as requested; very spicy.   The flavor was not overwhelmed by the spiciness.We had a shrimp curry and chicken tikka masala as well. All dishes were done very well.Our sever was very warm and cheerful.We will be returning to the Mayuri Palace for dinner and to try the lunch buffet.
3	In Short :Would definitely recommend their "Weekend" Lunch Buffet.Nice Ambiance. Dinner (A La Catre) orders takes forever to reach your table. Details :Visited this place may times for both Lunch Buffets and for Dinner (Year 2013).The Weekend Lunch Buffets are the best (worth the money). The highlight of the Buffet is the Deserts(Sweets) Menu. They have a huge variety of Sweets.They also have Mango Lassi for buffets. The other items are similar to other Indian Buffets around the city.Been to dinner a few times, and every time they took more than 40 minutes to prepare the order. The take out order took 50 minutes. :-/The taste was good. Some of the dishes I tried are Lamb curry, Butter Chicken with Garlic Naan.The Ambiance is good (intimate), not much of noise (except when there are kids).
3	We stopped in for lunch and to try out the buffet.The buffet had a good variety of curry dishes; goat, fish, butter chicken, chicken tikka masala.The biryani was good.Overall I would call this a good lunch value.
1	there were not more than 10 people in the restaurant when I went there with my girlfriend (first warning sign).  only saw our waiter once (when he brought water amid took our order) then never saw our food or him the remaining 50 minutes we were there! all the other tables around us were served while we were there. we ended up just leaving and went to the Indian place down the road from this dump and we had our food in less than 12 min there.
4	Ate here today with a friend for the lunch buffet. . By and large it was splendid. I will return and im looking forward to returning. The food was very tastey. Many choices for vegetarians. The idlly was fresh and moist, The vegetarian choices were all spiced rite. if the world were perfect I would have enjoyed having more chilli peppers. Even without the extra chilli peppers that I would prefer the food was very good and spiced just rite. nice that they had sliced raw onion, carrot, lettuce, tomatoe, and cucumber. They had the customary two soups one that's more of a lighter broth with spices and the other that has more body with chunks of carrot and bell pepper. both had chilli peppers. I didn't see any bowls for the soup so I asked the server for a glass or ceramic bowl and she quickly went and fetched me one which was very kind of her. I'll add she didn't hesitate and for a moment. I got the spiced lighter broth soup.  on the whole it was ok. it tasted as if they used knoor bullion cubes. So I asked the server if they used bullion cubes to make the soup base. she said no. I continued eating it. but I had to stop without finishing it. The over whelming taste of bullion cube was objectionable to me. most of those bullion cubes are loaded with salt, msg, partially hydrogenated oils and artificial colours. other than the soup being a little off. Every thing at Mayuri Palace was delicious and im looking forward to a return visitAs for the desert,, well they had two choices and neither of them were appealing to my friend and I. I wont hold that against them the food was so good that I have no problem over looking the lack of better choices for desert. The staff is very friendly and attentive. made the experience all the nicer.
4	Conveniently located near I-17 and Bell, easy access from anywhere in the valley.Lunch buffet is only $9.99 with so many selection. Everything I tried is good so far. I can't remember which food was what...  They also offer mango nectar juice and hot chai tea. Drinks go well with spicy curry dish, helps me cool down after eating hot and spicy food.Desert wasn't my favorite.  Too sweet and not much of flavor.. Just typical Indian desert.Overall, great value for the amount of food they offer, and all the hot dishes I tried was very good.
2	The last time I was here was in December.  I thought the food was spectacular.  Today, three months later, not so much.  Had the chicken biryani and the shrimp sag.  Asked for the sag (spinach) to be made without dairy.  There is another local restaurant that does this for me.  Well they accommodated my request but the dish turned out to be flavorless.  I didn't ask for the spices to be left out--just the dairy.  So the shrimp sag was so so and this is being generous.  The basmati rice that came with the shrimp sag lacked salt in its totality so it just tasted like white mush.  The chicken biryani was generous and had three pieces of chicken which was enough.  However, it was not tasty like the last time--again lacking in spices.  Everything was freshly made that has to be said.  The waitress gave us some raita (yogurt) and let us sample the "sambar?"when we inquired about what the buffet was like (before we got our food)   It was lentils in a tomato base.  Really good.  The waitress was very polite, attentive and just an overall nice young lady.  I am so disappointed in the food this time around though.  I know this cannot be the same chef who made our food the last time.  The bad thing about the restaurant business is the movement of chefs and staff.  Here today, gone tomorrow.  Today was a case where the former chef was greatly missed by us.  I don't think I would make another trip out to 24th Avenue and Bell to eat this indian food.  I thought I had found a gem, but sadly this is not the case. Management:  Work on your food... who was cooking in December that made my first visit so great???
3	Mayuri Palace does buffet well. Chicken and Goat dishes are good but vegetarian is very mediocre. They used to serve free dosa during lunch buffet but not anymore. The biryani in the lunch buffet is OK; its not authentic but it isn't too bad either. The buffet usually tries to accommodate an Indo-Chinese dish and it always turns out bad. Some of my friends have been here for dinner on weekdays and they didn't have any good things to say about the food. One constant complaint was inconsistency - you just can't enjoy the same thing again. I would suggest eating at the buffet only on Fridays or weekends. The spread on weekdays isn't that great.
1	This places is frequented by my colleagues a lot, so thought to try it once. I ordered bhindi fry, navratna kurma for take out. Received order very quickly. Food was very bad in taste. They had cucumber and egg plant in Navratna kurma, never had such a kurma. Gravy of kurma was taste less. Also for $8, I would expect a bigger portion of vegetable. Even bhindi fry was very bad, my wife hated it. When checked with friends, they suggested trying some hydrabadi chicken or biryani. The sauce served is awesome. Looks like this place is good for non vegetarians, but would not recommend this place for veggies. Last but not least, complimentary rice, which is standard with all Indian restaurant here, was half cooked. Can't believe all three dishes were tasteless.
1	Well the lunch buffet is good on Fridays but a bit pricey if you ask me. 12 to 13 dollars plus drinks per person is a little too much for a Friday afternoon lunch.  There is a significant difference in the buffet based upon the day of the week you go so I would not recommend going on any other weekday except Friday. The food is pretty decent but I feel the price is unjustified for Indian lunch buffets. The same spread would cost be 5.95 to 7.95 tops on the east coast so I am a little baffled by the 10 to 12 dollar buffets in Phoenix serving a much smaller spread. As all Indian restaurants around the valley, they are really good initially when they start but as time progresses the quality of food and service deteriorates.
5	Lunch time Indian buffet. It is great. Tandori chicken and all the regular items.They changed names in the past few years.  They used to have the spinach but not anymore.Items are generally a lot more spicy (hot taste) than I am used to for Indian buffets here in America. I'm guessing they want to draw more people from India who like the authentic spicy hot flavors.The soups are good, but also spicy.
5	Best Indian food ever. Amazing! Please visit and support the very sweet family that makes such exquisite food. I recommend the Tandoori chicken quite nice.
3	Wednesday night around 8pmQuiet. 3 other tables.Smells good. Place is a little shoddy with ripped vinyl seats.It's OK, I go for the food.Pros:Vegetable samosa to start. Good.I had the chicken chetti nadu.  Delicious, spicy, great authentic flavors, chunks of chicken, lots of hot peppers in the dish, which I normally eat, but the spice was pretty hot, so I refrained or would have scorched my taste buds and not tasted anything else for a day or so.Basmati rice good.Plain naan. Awesome!!Con's:Husband had chicken vindaloo. Not good. Don't add crushed red pepper flakes that you sprinkle on pizza to make it spicy. Either you make a vindaloo sauce or you don't. This was more like marinara sauce with tons of hot pepper flakes. That's not vindaloo.  Although we may appear as vanilla Americans, we are well internationally traveled and foodies. Been cooking Indian food for 21 years. Small portions for the money.I see raves about the buffet and I would try this place again.Good luck everyone!
4	Love their buffet. Cheap and good quality.  Their paneer makhni is to die for. It is overall a clean place. Staff is friendly. They have one of the best Indian for in the area. 2 thumbs up for sure.
5	Wow. Where to start? FANTASTIC!!We ordered the Lamb Saag medium which was creamy, full of mouth watering spices, and cooked to perfection. We also ordered the chicken masala, also creamy goodness. To accompany our meal we had garlic naan and aloo bread. It was absolutely delicious. Very friendly service, wonderful atmosphere, and excellent prices. We will return!
3	The buffet is great for lunch, however I'd ask for fresh naan.  The naan at the buffet is kind of hard.  The lady at the register couldn't get the credit card machine to work so asked if we had cash, one of us did and the other didn't.  So after 15 minutes of trying the machine, she said we could pay her next time.  Over all, the food is good, but I've had fresher Indian food down the street :)
5	This place is amazing I recommend it to everyone. I'm making plans to eat there with great friends 1st timers tomorrow and I know they will love it.. its so authentic and wonderful whether ur new to Indian food or a conosur!! The owner is wonderful as well and very nice.
5	Great service and friendly atmosphere!The food was authentic and delicious.  If you like heat in your food,  this is the place to go.We had the buffet and the choices were many. There was an array of entrees, a salad bar, desserts and Indian breadsThe Indian music was a delightful addition to the dining experience.
4	Really good lunch buffet with many southern indian dishes.  Great naan bread. Every dish was well above average for indian buffets.  Cant wait to go back.
5	Love this place enough to give it 5 Stars despite a slight on again off again language barrier  w/ the gentleman who has always greeted us kindly and seated us at the same table, each of the 6 or 7 times we've been here (a barrier which mostly comes into play when I say HOT and he insists MILD).  Only done the buffet once, but it was affordable and I was pretty surprised at the variety they offered and how well marked it was, especially when it came to vegetarian vs non-vegetarian dishes.  Not sure what everyone is complaining about, re: the service (that goes for my boyfriend, as well).  If you've been to anything other than buffet hour dining, you know the service at Indian restaurants is somewhat relaxed, and this place is no different.  The aforementioned gentleman takes your order and then leaves you to your party.  He's never failed to keep our waters full, and despite making themselves more scarce than traditionally bothersome American servers, he and/or the demure lady (who brings our steamy, delicious food in a timely manner) always have a watchful eye on the dining room.  Only very slightly pricey, one could judge the portions of some things small, I guess, but not the main dishes.  There is always more than half left over, despite that we're two bearded bear-types w/ voracious appetites.  Mango lassi is pretty good.  Food is great.  Wheelchair friendly w/ accessible parking on the east side of the building. Please keep this place in business.
3	I have noticed that there are a grip of Indian restaurants around where I work.  I wanted to expand my horizons and try some out.  I had only had Indian food one time.  My mom was a 2nd grade teacher and she had a student named Smith Sirisikorn.  He was of Indian decent and his parents took us out to dinner one night.  I remember not really liking anything and the only thing I really ate was the bread (naan).  Fast forward 20+ years and I decided to try some out today.  I got in my car and made a left on Bell Rd and wound up here.  There are multiple ones in the area, this is the one I landed at!I walked in and was greeted by a gentleman.  I told him I wanted the buffet and he guided me towards a table.  There were a few other people in the joint, I was the only white guy...nothing wrong with that, just an observation ;-).  I got up and went over to the buffet area.  I grabbed a plate and started piling stuff on to it.  Here are some of the things I got.Goat Curry-  Um...interesting?  Had lots of bones in it and not much meat.  I only sampled a little of this.Paneer Tika Masala-  I thought I grabbed chicken, but when I bit in, it was definitely something different.  Turns out that Paneer is an Indian cottage cheese.  Who knew?  Reminded me of tofu kind of and was decent.Chicken Curry-  This was in a brownish sauce with lots of pieces of chicken.  I did get one small bone in one of the pieces of chicken.  If I hadn't picked through each bite, that would have been a bitch to swallow and choke on.  Thank goodness I found it.Chicken Tika Masala-  I went back and got some of this.  It was better than the Paneer stuff and was probably my 2nd favorite meat dish I had.  It was in a flavorful tomato type gravy.  Most of this food looks like a babys poo, but once you get past that fact of how it looks, it was actually not bad.  I had a lot of this stuff.Tandoori Chicken-  This was my favorite thing I had....I should have just stocked up on this and gone to town.  Bright red chicken, cooked perfectly.  It was chicken thighs from what I could tell.  It was delicious!   Butter Naan-  I loved this bread!  Reminded me of a thin crust pizza dough.  It was delicious!  I ate a bunch of it and used it to dip in the curry/masala sauces.Rice- Plain white rice and also some Chicken Biryani which is like a fried rice sort of?  Both were just ok.  I kept expecting something like Chinese style rice but this was different.  Wasn't bad, just wasn't great either.  Really dry.Um...that was about it.  The buffet was $9.99 and the choices were plentiful.  I don't know if I will be back though.  I just didn't really like all the spices/flavoring of most things.  It just wasn't for me.  If you like Indian food though, you will probably love this place and be in Indian food heaven.  If I ever do come back, I will stick to the naan and tandoori chicken.  Those were both fantastic!  I'm glad I tried it though.  I'm usually a simple man and know exactly what I like and am loyal to my preferences.  I'm glad I got out of my comfort zone though and tried some new food!
5	My absolute favorite Indian restaurant!!! It always seems empty when we come here, and we're not sure why. There are three Indian restaurants in this area and my husband and I have eaten at all three. This one is by far the best of the three!!! This building used to be a Black Bear Diner, so the decor can be a little confusing... Their food and friendliness more than make up for it though!!! The waitress is extremely polite and does her job very well. If you love Indian food and are looking for a new place come here and check it out for yourself!!
3	This used to be an old Black Bear Diner and the fact that they still have some of the decor throws me off. We used to come to BBD back in the day at this exact location.The food itself isn't bad. I ordered chicken tikka masala mild because much as I love spice, my stomach makes me pay for it days later. Better safe than sorry!Their chicken tikka masala isn't laden with sugar like other places. In fact, it's the opposite. Tons of fenugreek and methi in it makes it almost sour/bitter, but still in a good way. Portions are HUGE for what I normally get in a lot of Indian restaurants and prices are proportionate to serving -- thank you so much for that. I wasn't a fan of their Onion Kulcha because it had a slightly bitter taste that didn't go well with my CTM, but on its own, it was fabulous. It was also piping hot - that's hard to find in a lot of places.I'd come back and try their buffet.
1	One of the worse places for Indian food. Manager is very Arrogant . Never order a vegetarian or Eggeterian dish if you do not eat meat / chicken do not order anything here. You are sure to find chicken pieces bones in veggie dishes / Biryani. Manager is averse to take the feedback and brags about being the only Indian restaurant of this size around this area and apparently is the owner of the restaurant too..
