5	Cell phone and PDA repairs!!!! Wonderful lifesaver (and wallet saver as well0.I thought I was going to have to replace my 14 month old Blackberry after the side-wheel gave out.  I was referred to Sun Cellular by a AT&T sales person who knew that replacing my Blackberry would run over $300.This place runs a brisk but dependable and reasonably priced business.  For $50 the proprietor fixed a problem that would have cost me over $300 (new Blackberry, activation, accessories,etc).  Sun Cellular fixed it in under an hour (most repairs are done on the spot though you can leave it for service) and during that time multiple customers came in and he was able to address most of their problems for $20-$40 each.
5	Thanks to the review that Karin R. posted just a few days ago, I decided to give Sun Cellular a shot...I'd been having problems with my tmoblie pearl blackberry for over a week but didn't feel like dealing with tmobile customer service as it can sometimes take hours and I was not feeling so patient.So, I called in first and spoke with Matt... he told me that it sounded like my problem was that I needed a new speaker and that they could probably fix it but wouldn't know for sure unless I brought it in.  He also told me that they would not charge me if they could not fix the problem.  Deal!Instead of dealing with the people at tmobile and probably spending hours on the phone, I was in and out of Sun Cellular in half an hour.  For only $35, it was well worth it!  My phone is fixed and it was hassle free!  I was even able to catch a few minutes of Oprah on the tv in the shop while I waited!Matt helped me out and I met the owner, Dan, as well... While I waited, several other customers were in and out and I witnessed the excellent customer service Sun Cellular provided.  I highly recommend dealing with Sun Cellular next time you have cell phone issues - it's hassle free, reasonably priced, and so much better than being treated as just a number when working with your carrier.  Thanks again for the recommendation, Karin R!
5	My blackberry wouldn't charge due to a loose mini USB port. I had just 2 bars left for power and it's my only phone so sending it out was not an option. It was out of warranty and I don't carry insurance on my phone. I called Sun Cellar and he quoted me a price and a wait time of 20-25min. I looked around at other repair centers and found their quotes to be 2x as much and they didn't have a tech in until the afternoon and told me it would take an hour or more.I got there and was helped right away. The repair took 10minutes (if that!). Dan was polite, pleasant, and very knowledgeable. The cost was exactly the price he quoted me on the phone. I am so grateful that he was able to help me out. The repair cost less than my deductible would have cost with insurance, certainly a fraction of what a new phone cost, and he had me operational in 10 minutes! I couldn't ask for better service!I would certainly recommend this business to anyone needing cell phone repair and will use them again!
5	Went back again today, to the new location and was so thankful that they were still around. He was able to fix my Blackberry Curve in less than 5 minutes. He was helping out some poor guy who washed his RAZR in the washing machine. He spent time explaining the new phone to the gentleman and charged him a very reasonable rate for a new phone, getting the number on to that phone, and providing a wall and phone charger.  I was impressed!
5	Whatever you need Dan can take care of it for you. He was awesome! Great customer service immediately after you tell him what's wrong with your phone he gets right on it. I would strongly recommend that you go to him instead of going to your service provider, because there is no way that they could match his quality of  customer service.     Sun Cellular3329 E Bell RdSte A14Phoenix, AZ 85032Call now!!!!!(602) 267-7800 www.suncellularinc.com  Hours: Mon-Thu 9 am - 5 pm
4	The place isn't fancy or pretty per say, but the service was excellent! I dropped my phone in some water and it wasn't working so well anymore. I brought the phone in and they were able to help me out. I would definitely recommend to anyone with a broken phone.
5	I dropped my phone in water. I tried drying it out myself, and it sort of worked. It would randomly do  crazy things, and  not turn off. I took it in to Sun Cellular. For $65.00 it was fixed, and it took about an hour. I was so happy!!!!
5	Dan is the man!  He knows everything about phones and will fix your phone for a very reasonable price.  I recommend his store to everyone I know :)
5	Sun Cellular is fantastic!  I dropped my Droid and cracked the screen.  Phone still worked but I thought I would be stuck with the cracks until I could qualify for a new one.  Dan erplaced the screen in about 10 minutes.  Looks and works like new!!!!  Dan is AWESOME!!!!!
5	A+, thanks so much for the quick service and new iPhone 4 screen.   You make it seem so easy.   I am already letting everyone know that you are the place to be.
5	Another 5 star review. I brought in 2 of the same phones, both with a different problem. He swapped parts for me in about 20 minutes and I have a working phone again! Highly recommend!
5	Dan is 'da Bomb!If you want an HONEST assessment of the extent of your phone repair, and competent, reliable, and fairly priced service, Sun Cellular is the place to go.  If you want a pretty picture, a low ball price, then an unpleasant surprise once the other guy has torn your phone down, go somewhere else.Brought a phone in with an oddball part needing replacement, that needed to be ordered.  Dan was very specific; he let me know the part was unusual and needed to be ordered from manufacturer, how long it would take to get it, and the cost.  I wasn't thrilled with the wait or the cost of the part.I called a few other places, who told me "yeah, we can have that done today (or tomorrow)...", widely varied pricing, all on the low side.   I asked them to verify that they had the correct part in, and NONE of them had it, and the cost and the wait time went up with all of them.  I can just see it now... you bring the other guys your phone, they tear it down, THEN tell you "oops, gonna hafta wait, cost is higher".  Now you're a captive audience, and they have your phone.  BAD news!  Needless to say, Dan got the phone, and fixed it.  He was right on the price, right on the wait time, he knows his business.  Labor fees are low.He's got my business for life.  Thanks, Dan!
5	HONEST, nice, quick and fair prices! this is all you could ask for in any service that you need done and dan delivers. I have been there twice because I am clumsy with my iphone and he makes it like new every time. If you have done the research on screen repair you know its waaaaay expensive, but with sun cellular thats just not the case. telling everyone I know with a cracked iphone case. If only i was in phx still....
5	I received a card for this place from a Verizon store when my phone has issues, and i had no insurance. Dan was very quick and repaired my phone for a very nice price! His first fix did not take care of the issue, but after taking it back to him he was able to properly diagnose the issue and resolve it with no extra cost. I would definitely recommend going to see Dan if you have any phone issues.
5	These guys were great. Same day service, gave me the price that was quoted...what else can I say? My Samsung wouldn't charge unless I held the USB cable at some weird angle with *just* the right amount of pressure--I kept trying to deny that there was a problem, but seriously, one can only deny reality for so long...believe me I tried...but they got it fixed up in less than an hour and I was back to Words With Friends in no time...:)  Thanks, guys! :)
5	My sun cracked the screen to his iPod Touch. When my son called he was quoted a price and said it would take 30-40 minutes. I called to confirm and was quoted the same. When we arrived, he took care of it for the amount and time he quoted. Great honest work!!! It's awesome to see businesses out here still doing great work and providing awesome customer service!!! FIVE STAR service!
5	Found Sun cellular after they were on the news. I had an iPhone 4s with a broken screen. The owner was very polite and and explained everything. The repair was completed as promised definitely recommend them.
5	$85 for replacement of my badly cracked 4S. Perfect condition, fast turnaround. Nice guys.Thanks!
4	Replaced my cracked Droid screen in less than 30 minutes for under $100. Great deal and he did it while I waited.
5	Plain and simple....awesome! Replaced my Motorola Photon shattered glass within 45 minutes for only $35.00 (no part bought, just labor). Would not hesitate to recommend these guys to anybody. Thanks
5	I shattered the screen on my old Droid2, so I stopped by Sun Cellular on my way home from work. It was after 4:30 and the shop closes at 5. Even though Dan was still working on other phones, rather than turning me away, he said he could get mine done that day and stayed open past 5. There was a hard plastic band around the edge of my phone that was also cracked. Dan offered to replace it, free of charge, if he could take it from another phone. Unfortunately, that piece was more damaged on the phones he had, but it was awesome of him to offer!
5	Awesome work!!!! My phone was badly cracked, I was referred to Dan and he was awesome!  Fixed my phone is 20 minutes.
5	Fantastic service at a great price!I had cracked glass on my Galaxy S3 and I called them late on a Friday, a few minutes before closing. Dan let me know that he didn't have the glass on hand at the moment but he would have it when they opened at 11 am Saturday. I was there and he took care of me immediately. The repair took less than an hour and the phone is as good as new.
5	I don't know why anyone would rate these guys less than 5 stars, personally I would give them 10! The screen went black on my 4s. In 5 minutes they had it apart, put back together and I was on my way. I only wish they worked on lawn mowers, he he!Greg
5	Good prices.  Friendly service.  A fast examination of your mobile phone.This was the THIRD place I went...to see about getting my phone fixed.  The first one said it would be $70 and 3-5 days.  The second place said they did not do what I needed done...but they told me about Sun Cellular...they told me to see Dan.They had an option to try and repair my current broken piece...which was not even an option with the first place.  So that is great.
5	So, I'm walking out to my car after a long day at work. I reach into my purse to grab my phone and SMASH! My link to the rest of the world is cracked and, well let's face it, my day has been ruined. That my friends was me last Friday. *tear* So, why am I happy now? Let's read on. I fortunately have a super smart sister that told me how to keep my face and fingers from being sliced to bits from the broken glass (scotch tape guys... Miracle quick fix). Then I was off to find the real repair. I called around to a few places. One place in particular was across the street from me. I walk in and they want $120.00 for the repair and one whole day to fix it! WHA?!?! Not happening. So, I dig a little more. I called Sun Cellular. Dan needed to order the part, but he could do it for $5 less and in 30-45 min. Works for me!! So, today I go in. He has the part and he gets right to work  I feel I should note here that this guy is friendly and very professional. Super props to that!! Anyway, 10 MINUTES LATER I have my phone back. And she's purrrrdy! This was the best repair experience I have ever had! I was so please with the way this business conducts itself and how awesome the service was. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! 5 stars all the way from me.
5	There was a small line at 9 am but the owner got everyone taken care of and gave me a deadline to pick up my phone.  It was ready on time and they are a very polite, knowledgable team.  2 hours to get my glass replaced on my Samsung S3.  I could not be happier.
5	They do fast work, call you back when they say they will and did a great job. Very friendly in there, too. Very personable.
5	Friendly, outstanding service. A 1st Class operation. Do not hesitate, just go to them!!My Apple iPhone4's battery has been on its last legs the past few months (the fact that Apple cannot put a battery in their $400 phones that can last more than a year is another debate for another review). Fortunately, a friend gave me an unused spare, so I was prepared to just do the work myself.  I had the proper tools but when it came to removing the battery to replace it with a new one, I was stymied trying to remove the one stupid 2.5 mm screw that kept the battery connection in place.Concerned that I might "strip" the screw completely if I tried to keep muscle-ing it, I sought expert help to see how much it would cost just to take the stupid screw out for me. That's it. Nothing more. I'll take it from there.  As a self-employed professional myself, I don't expect anyone to work or put in their time for free and I was prepared to pay a reasonable amount for whoever did the work's time and trouble.  I did a Google search and came up with three establishments in my immediate area.  The first one did not answer the phone(in fairness, it was lunch time), and the third one, rather dismissively, came up with some lamea*s excuse about the screw being stripped and maybe needing a new connector and said, I quote:  "I can't help you, man".  I won't mention this establishment by name, but suffice to say they are located at the NE corner of 7th St. and Union Hills and their number is 480-559-9694.  My 2nd call was to Sun Cellular and the phone was answered by a young fellow named Issac.  I explained my problem to him and what I needed done and, after listening and confirming all I needed was the screw taken out, he invited me to come on down.About an hour later, when I came in to their shop off Bell Rd., a young man behind the counter was the first to greet me.  Turns out it was Issac.  I re-introduced myself and my problem and he kindly took my phone in back to take a look.  I had barely had the chance to sit down in their comfortable waiting area when he popped out of the back smiling, holding the tiny screw in one hand and my iPhone and back cover (I had pre-removed the pentalobe screws so as to take up less of his time) in the other.  Hallelujah!   I then asked if I could pay some sort of "diagnostic" or other j*rkoff fee for their labor and trouble, but Issac said that it was no big deal.  I asked him if he was sure, as I had no problem paying something for their assistance, and Issac kindly declined again.  In fact, a slightly older fellow who was also behind the counter (who, I'm guessing, may be the owner/proprietor) chimed in with, "Anyone who would charge you for that should be shot..."  Wow.In this day and age, it is so rare to find such friendly and service-oriented professionals--particularly when it comes to repair of consumer electronics.  The reviews you read on this Yelp listing are clearly no joke.  These guys are the real deal, and iPhone repair shops throughout the Valley (including the last crew that fixed my phone) could learn a lot from them.  I can't speak to their experience with any other brands, but in terms of plain honesty, customer service, and sheer professionalism, you owe it to yourself and your smartphone to visit Sun Cellular.  I know I will, and will send everyone I know of there, as well.
5	I am really really happy w the service the staff provided for me! My iphone 5 was really messed up. The glass was shattered and Dan preserve and took care of it. They really know how to fix phones! I hope not to return because I damage my phone too often but there is not other place to go except there! You will never regret going there! The best customer service!!!Happy Labor Day !
5	Called around to get quotes on my Samsung Galaxy S2 charger port(wouldn't charge anymore) talked to Dan who quoted me best price. Walked in later afternoon and a 30 minute wait turned into a 10 minute wait!  Fast, friendly service and no upsell!  Price is what its going to beWould highly recommend for any mobile phone service!
5	Dan is awesome. Professional. Courteous. The touch screen on my Motorola Maxx was cracked due to something that fell on it - freak accident. In mid-August I dropped my phone off knowing he had Motorola brand touch screens on order since mid-June. Thankfully I still had my old phone because I had only upgraded phones recently. He said I would be first in line when he received the needed part. Just got it back and am happy with paying the $250 instead of $700 for a replacement. Other cell phone services were charging the same price for off brand touch-screens. I will recommend Sun Cellular to everyone I know and will do business with him again, but hopefully I won't need to!
5	Fast, affordable, excellent service!  Went in today at lunch to have my iPhone 4 screen repaired and couldn't be happier with my experience.  Very kind and friendly staff.
5	Dan was awesome! I use my phone for business and Verizon reccomended him because they couldn't help me. I was in a panic all morning because my phone wouldn't charge. I went to Sun Cellular and within 45 minutes my phone was fixed and back in business. Saved me! Thank you a ton!!!! Very affordable to was pretty shocked how cheap it was.
1	My iphone 4s screen was broken and cracked on the front and back.  Got quoted $50 for each side so $100 total.  About and hour later they were done, however the guy that installed it accidently cracked the glass on the front during installation while pushing it in.  He said that was his last glass screen unless I wanted to wait a week.  He knocked $50 off the price and I paid half as the crack he made was internal and just put a small line through it from top to bottom that wasn't too noticeable and I needed my phone immediately as I was heading out of town the next day for a week.About 3 hours later I reach into my pocket for my phone and pulled it out.  As I take it out of my pocket the front screen and back screen both come apart!!!!!!  I noticed that the guy who repaired it forgot to put the screws back into the phone that hold it together! Who does that?!  Luckily I was at the Kierland Commons and walked into the Apple Store to see if they could replace the missing screws.  They did for free thankfully, did not expect that from Apple.Now after about a month of having the screen "fixed", their are two huge cracks running through the screen after my phone rolled off the couch and onto the carpet taking a massive 10 inch fall, haha.  I don't what they replaced my screen with but it has the durability of paper mache.This should of been expected from a place that looks on the outside to be across between a pawn shop and a bail bond agency. Lesson learned, just awful.  You've been warned.  Take your chances with the Apple Store, atleast they replace the screen with Apple glass.
5	Excellent place, I would recommend it to anybody! They provide very speedy service and helped me out so much. I replaced my iPhone battery phone with them twice in one day and when it still did not work (because my phone is faulty, not my battery) they told me I could come back in for a full refund, no questions asked. I can't say enough nice things about Sun Cellular. Honest, knowledgable, and quick!
1	Took my phone for a screen repair and was told they needed to order the part, the repair would cost $200, the part would be in by Friday and the repair could be done while I waited.  The part didn't arrive when they predicted.  I was then told that the part would be in on Saturday and they would call me as soon as it arrived.  They didn't.  I called several times and was ultimately told that the part had "just arrived."  I said that I would come down immediately.  I arrived at 3:45 and was told they were closing in 15 minutes and had four repairs ahead of mine.  I decided to leave and work with a repair shop that would not waste my time.I was initially hesitant to have the repair done at Sun Cellular because their shop area had parts and phones strewn everywhere in the repair area and I wondered if their business practices were as haphazard as their store.  In light of the fact that they quoted $200 for a screen repair and Yelp reviewers have them rated as "inexpensive," you may want to question who is writing the reviews.
5	I took in my phone because the charger wouldn't go in the port.  They took 5 mins, plucked out a sliver of my old charger, and didn't charge me.  Made my day!!!
5	Fast, friendly and knowledgeable.  Good service at a fair price.  Hope I don't have to get my phone repaired  again, but if I do this is where I'm going.
5	After dealing with a broken charging port, I finally decided to get it fixed. I looked up cell phone repair shops and found this one first. I took it in and it took 30 minutes and was definitely a reasonable price. I would recommend to any one.
5	I went in to have my charging port repaired. After explaining the problem, he took a look at it and saw it was a simple solder fix. He did it, charged me half of what the competitors quoted me and was done in 20 minutes. Reasonable and good customer service. I'll skip the other wireless shops and just come back here next time I have a phone issue.
5	OK, here's the deal.  Dropped my Samsung Galaxy S4 in the pool.  Phone would not charge.  Replaced the charging port.  It did not fix the charging issue and I ended up messing up the antennae.  Took it to Dan.  Five minutes later, he had the antennae secured properly and working.  Asked him how much.  He said no charge.  Dude is legit.  I shall go nowhere else for my phone-fixin' needs.  Dan is da man.
5	Just got my iPhone and iPad fixed. Very fair price and did a very nice job. Will go back for any other needs that I have in the future.
5	Sun cellular was recommended to me by the Verizon store. I came in here with two LG G2s which needed screen replacements. They replaced both and it really only takes 30-45 minutes. Turns out some stuff went wrong and I came back the next day. They happily fixed the issues and then sent me off with free screen protectors for my trouble. These people are all very nice and I would send any of my friends or family to them. They don't use cheap replacements like many of the phone repair stores. I will definitely support their company in the future.UPDATE: Less than a week later, I have dropped my phone less than a foot onto the carpet, it shattered. Although I am not angry with them because I am sure they will do the right thing, I am a bit frustrated. The owner is on vacation until Tuesday, so I will update the final results of my situation after I speak to him. The man I talked to, Ed, was extremely nice so I am still happy with their customer service.
