5	These guys were great!  Called and asked questions about carpet cleaning and scheduled an appointment.  $130 was what i was quoted for 1200 sf house.  When the cleaner came it ended up being the owner of the business.  Polite and professional and didn't add a dime to the quoted price.  The cleaning machine this company uses really scrubs and sucks all the dirt out of the carpet.  There is even a little view port so you can see how gross the water is as its sucked out.  They also pre-spray stains and were able to get some out that were here when we had moved in. The deodorizer they use left the whole house smelling fresh and clean.  I would recommend trying to have them come early in the day, as the carpets remain damp for quite some time.  But by the time we woke up the next day they were dry as a bone.  The carpets are nice and poofy now!
5	Ben was awesome, when I called to get a quote I asked if there was any way they could do it on Sunday as that was the only day we had between work on our new house and moving in. He said normally they don't work on Sunday but he would do it for me...Only to find out it was Fathers Day. I was horrified that I committed him to that day and called him back, he said it was no problem. He and his crew were there bright and early, cleaned my ducts and tile. I couldn't believe the difference! It was beautiful! We immediately scheduled him to clean the carpets in our rental. I would definitely recommend Turbo Clean to anyone.
5	We are currently renting our house that is so full of carpet.  (Whoever thought of laying fabric on floors was a crazy person, obviously.)  After more than six months of living in the house, the high traffic areas had become dingy or almost black near the entrance from the garage and front door.  We researched reputable carpet cleaners from big name companies like Stanley Steemer to other local businesses.  We decided on Turbo Clean due to the affordability and reviews from Yelp.We called on a Friday and set up an appointment for just a few days later. (They are very accommodating on times and availability.)  Without asking they told us that they were running a special and though we were not sure on the square footage of exactly what we needed, they would accommodate us and give us the special anyway.  We were quoted at $155 for two floors and a set of stairs, which was at least half of what Stanley Steemer was going to charge us.Today our technician showed up promptly and was so cool.  We chatted the whole time about carpet care, the business, equipment, and anything else I had questions about.  The tool that he used looked like and ran like a floor buffer, but for carpet.  He "buffed" the floor and immediately the carpet came back to life and was so vivid again.  Though he stated that the blackened area near the garage would not look brand new, he would do his best, he assured.  (Frankly, I appreciate honesty!)  As it turns out, the carpet there actually looks amazing and better than I expected!  On the stairs, he cleaned each individual stair with amazing attention and scrubbed the hell out of each one by hand with a smaller tool.  The stairs are so incredibly soft and fluffy.  Who would have thought?!  Now, the carpet looks better than when we moved in.The tech finished in around 90 minutes, assuring me that the carpet would be dry by the late evening.  Well, only about five hours later and the carpets are almost completely dry and look amazing.  He charged the exact quoted price and never tried to up-sell me or anything.I am all about supporting passionate, small businesses with honest, knowledgeable, and hardworking people.  Turbo Clean is an excellent business with affordable services, amazing results, and better equipment from what I can tell.
5	I am a Realtor. This service is 2nd to none. High tech equipment, for great prices. I have needed several properties cleaned. Ben and his staff have never let me down. If you have carpert or stains you think cant be cleaned. They will get it done.
5	I called them on Saturday and they were able to come in on Monday to do my carpet.  They gave me a great price and were prompt and communicative with me before getting to my house.  They got to my house promptly and the carpet came out amazing!! Thank you! I will definitely call you guys again!!!
2	I hate to complain, but I chose this company due to the positive feedback on yelp. The tech did not show up for my appointment, so I called and left a voice mail. He promptly returned my phone call, stated he had forgotten I rescheduled my appointment and offered to come out right away, which was appreciated. The tech was very nice, and friendly so no complaints there. I left him at the house (we were moving out) and when I came back the next morning the carpets looked like they hadn't been cleaned at all. Even the property management company during our walk through said he carpets did not look as though they had been cleaned. So I feel jipped here, I paid 150 so that my property management company wouldn't take on much out of my deposit but now they are anyway. Very nice guys but the carpets were not clean, and that's what I paid for.
5	I just moved out of an apartment and needed the carpets cleaned. I had a puppy in the apartment so hoped for the best but expected the worst. I just got done checking the carpets after I left them to dry for a couple days and they are pristine! Bill was a very talkative gentleman who gave me great advice on what products to use in the future and how to best remove stains! I will definitely use this company again the next time I need my carpets cleaned!
5	I have used MANY, MANY carpet cleaning companies.  Turbo Clean is BY FAR THE BEST!!  They are HONEST & RELIABLE and they GET YOUR CARPETS CLEAN  & they have NEVER, EVER tried to upsell me! They do EXACTLY what I ask for and NEVER try to push other stuff on me or make me feel uncomfortable!!! I have recommended them to everyone and I will continue to use ONLY THEM!!
5	i have 10 year old carpeting that has been professionally cleaned many times.i just used Turbo Clean for the first time and it's the best carpet cleaning i have ever had. the crew was polite and helpful and they made my carpeting really look almost new. Prices are reasonable too. i highly recommend them.Happy person
5	Love this company -- my dog had an accident in our home and they were able to schedule an appointment on the same day.  Super honest and reliable -- I really appreciate the way he did not try to up sell me -- but, rather even offered a discount for my next service.  --- these guys did an amazing job -- my carpet was fresh and clean for my family - by dinner time! :)
5	Ben the owner personally came out to give me an estimate. I thought the price was fair and the work exceptional.
5	I talked to Ben at Turbo Clean, and had them do our downstairs carpet.  The techs were very professional, and moved our furniture.  The carpets were very clean when they finished!  I have a bunch of kids and some dogs, so they were pretty bad to begin with.  I would definitely recommend Turbo Clean again!
5	I'm renting an apartment full of very light colored carpet. I have 3 kids, a dog and a cat = terrible combination!! Ben at Turbo Clean gave me a great price. The techs came out on time and got out all the spots! Thanks for saving me from losing all my deposits!!
3	Thank you.
5	I put a real stone (all rough surfaced) tile floor in my entry hallway, kitchen, downstairs bathroom and hallway about eight years ago. Not knowing much about tiles I used a variety of foot square tiles of different stone types and colors with very thin grout lines. Altho I used a high quality seal at installation, over the years the tiles darkened considerably with accumulated dirt. I called Ben at Turbo Clean to ask him whether he could get the tiles looking really clean. He said he couldn't make any promises but that with his heavy duty equipment the chances were good he could.He came over and spent about 3.5 hours on 550 square feet of tile. His heavy duty pick-up pulled a monster industrial trailer that he said could put out very high pressure and he said he would use an enzymatic cleaner. When he finished the tiles, including the white stone tiles, were about 99% as bright and colorful as when I first installed them. I was amazed to see the snow white squares go from brown back to white. The price was $260 which included $40 for a new wax seal. I was very impressed and think I will get this done every couple of years in the future. The only downside is that his industrial trailer, which he parked outside my front door makes quite a noise part of the time and it took an hour or two for the wax vapors to dissipate. So, if you want waxing as part of the service I would recommend that you do so either when you can leave your house for a couple of hours or do so when the A/C or heat is not on so you can open all the windows and not waste energy.
5	I have nothing negative to say, the services provided by this company was nothing short of phenomenal. Anthony one of the techs was extremely informative , prompt and had a willingness to help. I will gladly recommend and plan to frequent the services. Thanks again guys!
5	We just purchased a home and our tile was filthy... Ben from Turbo Clean walked me through the process, then they showed up on time and ready to go 2 days in a row (Scheduling confusion on my part) and got it done. Our tile looks like new and I couldn't be happier. I certainly plan to use Turbo clean to do my garage floors in the near future and my tile when it needs it. Thanks Ben!
5	I can't say enough good things about Turbo Clean... Fast, professional, affordable and they do great work. COMPLETELY satisfied and impressed, the have a customer for life in me.
5	Anthony was a professional.  I was concerned about choosing the right carpet cleaning company. This is the right one. Clean, neat and complete. Great value with no worries.  Thank you Turbo Clean!
5	We called them the day before we needed our floors done and Mike worked the schedule around to accommodate me! Wow! The next morning, they let me know their ETA (very polite); and then Anthony showed up, answered all my questions and got to work. My tile looks brand new! AMAZING! We were thrilled and the price was fair. They now have a new loyal customer.
5	Turbo Clean provides top notch service! From start to finish my experience was good. Bill and Drew were the individuals that came to my home. Prior to the cleaning, they gave detailed explanations of each step they would be taking. When I had questions regarding stains, they were helpful in addressing each and every spot. They identified all the problematic areas and went above and beyond in making sure the carpets were spotless. Not only do you get a thorough cleaning job, but their customer service was excellent. You will not find a better job for the price. I highly recommend Turbo Clean and will not use anyone else.
5	We bought a new home and the carpets weren't dirty but I felt like cleaning them either way. This is a great company they did everything they said they would, they were careful and I will be using them again. Great service and clean carpets!
5	Great job cleaning my carpet and staircase. Friendly staff and very easy to make an appointment. I will definitely use them again.
5	Anthony was very nice, he did a great job on all carpets in the house including and area rug that nobody has been able to get clean! He was polite and very thorough.He should get a raise!! This is my 2nd time using Turbo Clean and I think they are the best and with reasonable pricing. I will continue to call them for all carpet needs.thanks!Pam Hart
5	I was in need of a good carpet cleaning for the upcoming holidays so I checked Yelp and found Turbo Clean Pro. I liked that they were close to home so I called up and was able to set an appointment for the day and time that I wanted which is very important on short notice!So today was the day. About 30 minutes before the scheduled window, the tech gave me a call and let me know he was on his way. Upon arrival, I was greeted by Anthony and he was very kind in assisting me as far as any questions I had. I wanted to ensure the furniture was moved out of his way and he was helpful.Overall I am very satisfied with the work Anthony has done today. The carpet is left nice and clean. He was kind and personable all while working hard. I really appreciate the cleaning. I hope to schedule another cleaning in about 6 months!
5	After not having my studio carpets cleaned in three years it had coffee stains huge huge oil stain and more! I was doubtful any company could bring my carpets back to life. Bill showed up from turbo clean and he was kind, professional, and detailed in his work! I wish i did before and after photos because my carpets look that amazing and the oil stain is gone! I am beyond impressed with this company and will be using them again!
