5	This new shop is a very welcome addition to the wonder that is the Strip! I have long wished for a fabric store in Pittsburgh that offers more than the rows of patriotic calicos one can find at the big-box places.  And this store, compact yet crammed full of wondrous prints from designers like Denyse Schmidt and Alexander Henry, as well as fabrics from Japan and other far-flung locales, and other items like how-to books and decorative trims, is that place.The staff is helpful and have taken much care in setting up the shop, adorning the standard-issue fluorescent light fixtures with magnificent trims.  Worth a visit!
4	They offer a ton of really awesome graphic textiles. Its small and crammed but its cozy and welcoming. The fabric is pretty cool, but kind of over priced. Most cotton fabric runs 10.50 a yard.
5	If you like fabric at all, or have a crafty bone in your body, or are enticed by quirky shops in the slightest, you will dig Loom. You'll dig it hard. They have every single cool, unusual, hard-to-find, hilarious, arbitrary or otherwise rad piece of cloth ever printed.I'm not a particularly crafty person, I'm actually a particularly clumsy person, but after I saw a bolt of sexy firemen fabric I knew I needed to find an excuse to make something with it. I knew it deep down inside, the way your mom knows when you've been dumping eight tablespoons of sugar on your Corn Flakes because she refuses to buy Lucky Charms.So I came up with a project that required numerous narrow strips of fabric. Unfortunately, the woman working there politely informed me, they have a half-yard minimum. As panic started to set upon my realization that I was going to have to buy $100 worth of fabric that I would never use, the owner chimed in that she wouldn't mind cutting me any size piece I wanted. *That's* how you do it guys: don't make me ask you to be accommodating, that makes us both look bad. I ended up with 15 different patterns in my bag; photo-realistic astronauts, graphic "Yowza!" text, pin-up girls, tiny birds in lime green, houses in a row that look hand drawn, brass knuckles embedded with rhinestones, cats and dogs dressed up as generals and sergeants and neon lace. I passed on the glittering rainbow unicorns: I think that fad is on its way out (finally and thank God).I would reupholster everything in the world, including the hideous "igloo" downtown and my laptop, if I could do it with bolts of stuff from here.
5	Wow!  If this place doesn't inspire you to be creative I don't know what will!  I swear I always say I want to, like, sew and... make things.  But here's the thing, I never do... Don't tell!But seriously, if any place would inspire me to actually go for it, this would be the place!  As soon as you walk in your eye goes straight towards all the beautiful fabric on the walls.  I probably saw 20 or so fabrics right off the bat that would make great pillows, curtains, dresses, etc.  But here's the thing, you take a closer look and there's beautiful appliques for potential headbands, outfits or anything you can think of really!  They also had an incredibly unique array of jewelry.  I REALLY wanted to buy this red octopus necklace, but knew i had a mission and had to focus...So what I really went in for was ribbon for a headpiece I was making.  The workers here were extremely friendly and helpful in finding me the perfect ribbon.  They even pulled out some gorgeous vintage ribbon that was only about $6 a yard!  I ended up going with an amazing lace and pearl ribbon that only cost $5 with some vintage buttons to attach!  I'm most definitely coming back here to snatch up some jewelry and perhaps buy some fabric that I may or may not do something with.  Whatever, it will sit in my house and I can admire it, it's just so pretty!
4	I took a crafty friend of mine here on a yarns n'at type tour of Pittsburgh when she was in town visiting.  I found this place and thought she would like it but that I would be bored out of my mind.  So not the case!  They have so much to look at and Rachel is right, the place is inspiring!  I even bought a little silver cat ring holder for only $7 that I just happened to notice but the front counter.  I could have gone crazy buying pins and buttons, too.  With a business name that includes the word "textiles" I was expecting mostly fabrics but I was shockingly surprised.  The selection is overwhelming.
5	Loom is definitely the best fabric store that I've ever been to. Their selection and customer service make Jo-Ann Fabrics look like a joke in comparison. I visited the store a couple months ago with my two sisters-in-law, who are both avid sewers and Jo-Ann shoppers. They agreed that the selection was amazing and that prices were competitive. I picked out two gorgeous fabrics for my sis-in-law to make pillows for me. If I could sew myself, I would be shopping in this store at least once/month!
4	Lots of heavier weight home dec fabric. Nice selection of Amy Butler. Also, lots of novelty prints. Much of the fabric was above arm's reach (I am short and store was tall, what can I say?) which made it hard to pull down bolts. Worth checking out.
5	Awesome shop!   Can't wait to go this visit!
5	This isn't your Joanne's Fabrics, and that's a good thing.I stumbled upon this shop this past year, and it's made it's way to my "must stop and visit" list when I'm in Pittsburgh.Really great selection of fabric, organized by color grouping.  The collection is really balanced and offers something for everyone.  Kitschy, traditional, contemporary, preppy, conversational, you can probably find the right fabric for your project.The trim selection is incredibly vast.  My only complaint that it's not really organized in a way that you can see everything and many are way out of reach (I'm 5'8 so that's saying something)  The prices are very reasonable and you don't need a coupon to "save" some money.I almost forgot the buttons.  I just love them.  I've picked up some fun ones that I wear as brooches and they're very conversational and unique.Service is just awesome, everyone i've met there has been very helpful and friendly to boot!Great place to get the creative juices flowing.
