5	Jessica was referred to me by my financial coach when I noticed the other person doing my taxes wasn't doing a good job. I went in and met Jessica and within minutes she found extra money for me. She just does things the right way. I will always have Jessica as a personal CPA but I have her now for my LLC as well. She does a great job on coaching me for the quarterly taxes and what I need or can do differently to help her and myself. I've referred a few people her way and they have nothing but great things to say about her as well. She's never too busy to get things done for you but do me a favor and try not to call her last minute, it's just a courtesy thing :) Whether you're looking for your personal stuff to get done or your small business (I'm not sure if she has a size limit on businesses) Jessica should be your go to gal.
5	It's tax day so I just thought of writing this review for my accountant and tax person. I am an attorney and personally use Jessica for both my personal and business returns. I also refer her to numerous clients who have been very pleased with her services. She has been especially helpful with clients who are handling final tax returns as personal representative of a probate.What I really appreciate about Jessica and her team is how often they communicate with us throughout the year to make sure we are taking the most advantage of our payroll, quarterly taxes, deductions, etc. If she sees we are doing something wrong in our Quickbooks we are able to quickly adjust without waiting until "tax- time." This proactive approach gives me confidence that she is truly concerned about my business and our goals. Her tax and accounting counsel and advice makes her stand out from other individuals who have merely just filed our returns at the end of the year.If you are looking for a proactive accountant/tax person for either your personal returns or business, I highly recommend Accounting Services by ACP.
5	Jessica and the rest of the team at ACP Accounting have been my accountants for years. I'm extremely detail-oriented and picky, I go through my numbers with a fine-toothed comb and I trust Jessica completely!! When my husband & I were scheduled to close on a house and I needed some tax information in an emergency, Jessica walked me through what to do while she was sitting in the chair at the dentist's office!! She was getting her teeth cleaned & asked them to stop for a minute while she helped me. Can you believe that? What amazing service!!!  What accountant do you know that would do that for you?!? I couldn't believe it. I was able to get what I needed and close on the house as scheduled. Jessica has been a great consultant for me with my business as well. During our semi-annual financial review, she asks thought-provoking questions, provides significant feedback and takes the time to answer all my questions while acting as a sounding board. I'm so impressed with ACP Accounting, I can't imagine I'll ever have another accountant.
5	I have been working with Jessica and her team for several years. First for my personal tax needs and now for my business. Jessica's tax advice has saved me a lot of money over the years.  Her knowledge and expertise extends beyond my own personal needs and allows me to give guidance to my clients. Of course, with a referral back to Jessica for the expert advise. I consulted another CPA, after being referred by a colleague, based on a need for my foreign investor clients. After interviewing the CPA, I felt comfortable, but in trying to follow up with additional questions, my emails and calls were never returned. Jessica always returns my emails and calls. Furthermore, she had as much, if not more, expertise as the high priced CPA!I highly recommend Jessica and her team for your business or personal tax needs.
5	Being referred to Accounting Services By ACP by a family member was fantastic. Jessica has made my business accounting so much easier than I thought possible.  From the basic taxes all the way through company payroll, Accounting Services By ACP has really become an asset to the company.  Best three words to describe - Knowledgeable, Reasonable and Personable.Thank you Jessica and the team at Accounting Services By ACP for all you do.Not only is this a business that I refer, it is one I'm grateful to have found.
