5	Taco discovery! This is exciting, more so than the shoe discovery of yesterday maybe even. New best deal in town is also crazy delicious - 4 tacos for 6$! There's one with crispy bits of pork and pineapple, and there's one with beautifully marinated steak and that's all I know so far. Well, that and the fact that they just opened today, the staff were super super nice and there's a cute little outdoor terrasse. I'll be back. Probably tomorrow.
4	its like you're stepping into a man's cave or a garage. decoration is quite bare, no tables except for outdoor seating. wooden counters that need to be polished and painted make up the place. some loud music is being played. one bathroom that doesn't look inviting at all. menu is entirely in spanish. you have to order at the cash registry.this place is mainly a taco place that do offer other things but people are here for the tacos as it's pretty cheap, 4 for $6 or their wednesday special, $1 taco. tacos come in 2 and they are pretty small. there's 7 choices but really only 3 distinctive meat: pork, beef and chorizo (well, it's pork but there's a distinctive flavor profile so it has its own category). no fish nor shrimp.as for beef, you get interesting parts like tongue and some part of the head.so i got 3 different tacos: carnitas which is pork and 2 beef options, lengua (tongue) and cabeza (head). they arrived promptly on one plate which made it hard to distinguish between my 2 beef options. the pork one was easy to tell but the other two? really hard and on top of that, they are all dressed the same way: onions and cilantro. to accompany them, you get a side of lime and a side of 2 salsa: the piquante and of course, the salsa verde. both are obviously spicy hot but the verde is way hotter and flavorful. better watch out for that one.are they good? quite good yes! but i couldn't tell you what tongue (which has a distinct texture) or head taste like besides, it all tasted the same to me.as for drinks, they only have non-alcoholic beverage which is a big bummer! you have the regular soft drinks (pepsi, 7up and so), water and some mexican soft drinks (some apple juice, a pineapple pina colada-ish like and a faux sangria).i got the sangria which tasted like those really inexpensive soft drink labels that you could get as a kid when you couldn't afford the big brand. you know, the cheap cola brand. refreshing it was but you know, a non-alcoholic sangria is basically grape juice.price is dirty cheap. tacos come in 2 so i had 6 plus a drink, end up paying slightly less than $10 (that's on a wednesday). prepare to pay a bit more outside of that $1 promo.i'm tempted to give 5 as its cheap, no fuss, you know what you're getting but i settled with 4 because menu is really bare. they could probably just do a counter/stand like the one you can find in JTM so your hope wouldn't be as high.i don't have to tell you that i'll go back. it's the cheapest option in the neighborhood
4	I love this place. The tacos are good and authentic. I tried them all and I think that the chorizo and chicken ones were my favorites. You should probably avoid it if you don't eat meat, because they don't seem to have a vegetarian option. Not to mention that the staff is really nice and friendly. They also have a really good $1 tacos deal on Wednesday, which is cool. However, you don't need to wait for a Wednesday to go since it's already pretty cheap. Don't forget to try their hot sauce. I don't know if it's homemade but it's delicious. Oh, and their soda selection is cool and exotic.
3	Promotion on Wednesday is ok. I only tried Pastor tacos and they were good. The place did not look very clean and I am very peaky about it.
5	Simply love this hole in the wall. Very authentic. People super friendly.  Tacos are awesome.
5	I have been waiting for years for a place like this in mtl to open. Cheap and fresh tacos, totally authentic (which is impossible to find in this town) and amazing salsas. They do make great veggie tacos if you ask. This is def now my fav spot in the neighbourhood!
