4	Burger King definitely ranks as one of the better fast food chains in the USA these days. This is the closest location to my house, and needless to say, the one I frequent the most.I have never had any real problems with this particular location. They are usually very prompt, and take your order correctly. I don't recall any occasion in recent memory on which this particular location has messed up my order. Burger King has a nice, diverse menu of items - chicken items, burgers (obviously), and even some other random, unexpected thing. This is one of the few fast food restaurants (if not the only one) that actually offers macaroni and cheese as a kids meal item! At Major/Boulder, this is a convenient location for anyone who lives in the "Old Henderson" area.If you like Burger King, I don't have any substantial complaints with this particular restaurant. The staff do a good job, and I haven't ever had any big problems worth reporting.
3	This Burger King is nearly right across the street. Since my husband prefers this fast food joint to McDonalds, we do stop here every once in a while. Their food seems consistent and sometimes you have to wait a long time for your stuff, but it's almost always hot and fresh (can fast food be fresh?) I don't really eat here. I can't stomach most fast food. However, I like that I can get a 20 oz. Coke slushie here for just a buck. That makes me feel better when I have to make a special trip for one of the boys. My kids will eat anything you give them so I can't count on them for an accurate description of taste. The major reason why I'm writing a review is because of the customer service. A lot of times our food is just plain wrong. A lot more times they make you pull around the front so they can bring it out to you when it's done. We've had to wait upwards of 20 minutes for food before. Granted, it was 10:30pm, so I'll not be taking it too hard on them. 3 Stars because I've not had anything go so wrong as to not be back.
1	This is not gonna be a long review but, this Burger king on Boulder Hwy.  never has ice cream cones / shakes half of the  time.  The last couple of times I went through the drive-thru they always say: "our machine is down"  Yea, only when I come in right??  The last time I went they were running a special if you buy a certain burger combo you get a free ice cream cone. So, I asked them about that and they told me "yes you get a free cone"...Ok, I said "if your machine is down, do I get an IOU??" Then there was complete silence...Maybe they didn't know what IOU stands for.  Once again.....good ole  NON CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!!!   They never respond to complaints or emails.  Thanks for NOTHING Burger queen. ( Sure glad Wendy's is just right down the street!! )
3	It's ok, it's fast food a little better than Mc Donald's, but they have wifi, that is a plus.
3	I come here all the time with my son who loves the chicken tenders.  Food is 'OK' although my favorite is the BK stacker which seems to have gotten smaller and smaller over the past few years and the price is probably higher.  Well overall the price is still pretty cheap depending on what you go for so I will always consider BK when I need a cheap meal.
2	I like Burger King but I don't think this location is very good, I usually get a chicken club and pretty much every time the chicken taste like its been sitting under a heat lamp for awhile..
1	Worst fast food service in the world! Burger King we were at your location just before noon today 5/25/14.  Seriously the girl at the  drive through shouldn't be working in the customer service industry.  It took her 3 times to get the order right and she was rood the whole time.  She asked my wife to repeat herself three time the got snippy with my wife each time.  Don't go there the food is under cooked. They don't speak to you like you are an important customer let alone a human.  I will  listen to the reviewer who said go down the road to Wendy's.  Keep your under cooked burgers BK
