5	Lowes is so much nicer than Home Depot, customer service always seems better too. I think it's annoying that Home Depot always builds a location near Lowes in an effort to put them out of business, they have done this at Thunderbird & I-17 and this location as well. Most of Lowes products are usually better, I found this out with garden hoses. I bought a high end commercial grade hose from each store & Lowes carries this great black, non-kink hose that is awesome. I ended up throwing the one from home depot out since it was junk. I have also noticed on a few items that Home Depot is slightly higher on prices. My favorite thing about Lowes though is the fact that it's always easier to find someone to help you.
4	I know my way around the place and customer service is great! The store is always clean, even the restrooms. This is important since I have a 3 year old with a bladder the size of a jelly bean!  Mostly shopping in the garden department........not much else to say. I like it, so there.
5	The most helpful, friendly home improvement store I've been to. I highly recommend going to this Lowes!!
5	I have been here alot more times than my check-in reflect. I think Lowes is more go-to for home improvement. This particular Lowes is always well stocked and the staff is super friendly. One of my recent purchases include a new sliding shower door for the kiddos bathroom. Of course I had illusions of grandeur on how 'me' installing a shower door would come out - a few extra parts and lots of caulk later, the kids will no longer be getting their bathroom floor wet. Yeah for me!
5	This is a great Lowes.  Everyone here is personable.  There are two managers here named "Mike" and both are great dudes to work with.  Maybe it's the location, but it never appears busy and shopping here is always pleasant (no pun intended).  The parking lot is easy to get in and out of.
5	This place is awesome. Always go here rather than the Home Depot across the street. Friendly staff, clean, well organized, good prices. Staff goes out of their way to help customers.Patrick in appliances took tons of time to help us out when we upgraded our kitchen. Walked us through all the measurements, checked stock on numerous items... he was awesome.
2	I used to buy everything from Lowes. Salt, filters, water heater, even got a $3500 french back door from them (which they also screwed up btw, but the contractor and myself managed to salvage the project with some artistic trim after a week of fighting with Lowes). Ordered carpet and pad for 3 rooms last month. Paid for their contractor to come out an measure. Went back to Lowes to pay, and asked them if they are sure they got enough carpet for 3 rooms. They said yes. Contractor called to schedule the installation apt, and I asked them if they are sure they have all the carpet they need for the 3 rooms, again yes. Installers show up, and they only have enough for 2 rooms...maybe. I went and took my own measurements, turns out the contractor was over-estimating the room size by 50%, and trying to charge me for it. ie, I had a 9.5' x 13' room. I understand they come in 12' rolls. Even at 12x13 its only 156 sq. ft. They were trying to charge me for 240 sq. ft. Complained to management at Lowes, they didnt want to hear it, and didnt seem to care. Got my money back without much of a fight, and since its their contractors ripping people off, I bumped them a Star. Yes, they are usually helpful, and knowledgeable, but that doesnt excuse ripping people off. Went across the street to HomeDepot, and was assured they dont do this. No problems with them. Im going back to Home Depot for my contractor work.  Buyer beware if you buy anything that isnt on Lowes shelves and requires contract work.
5	Every employee was exceedingly helpful and the store was clean, organized and exceeded my expectations. A++++ will return to this location!!!
4	GREAT Customer service all around! Home Depot SUCKS!
1	We ordered granite counter tops from Lowes and picked out the granite from the French Quarry. The granite looks great except for the backsplash piece that they cut " on location ". They did not use a wet saw and the cut came out rough in several spots. We feel that they should have measured for this piece after the countertops were installed and then cut it at the shop where the could have used their wet saw. We have purchased many home improvements from this Lowes store and have been happy with their work, but the work done with this granite installation is not acceptable.The people in the installation department have always been very helpful , but we have not been able to get a solution to this problem.
1	Vivian at customer service was pointless!  Uses phrases like 'it's policy' and when I pointed out that the lowes at bell and grand (which I love) would have exchanged my item (this one was $15.98) Vivian folded her hands in front of her and said 'we follow policy here'!!!  It wasn't until I reacted to the word 'policy' - Vivian said that she's worked there for 8yrs. She said that she was going to call a mgr or someone to help do the refund  (which she only said after I asked for her name) Vivian also engaged with a frustrated customer and said that I kept cutting her off- I was done!  Done. I left a shopping cart of $260 sitting there because Vivian would not handle an exchange of $15.98.
1	Can you go lower?  We knew what we wanted and even then couldn't find anyone that WOULD help us. Finally found a manager and he was no better help than the clerks. He didn't seem to care rather we walked out or not. Home Depot, we are on the way.
