4	An unpretentious little restaurant on the West side. This was my first sampling of Peruvian cuisine and I was uncharacteristically conservative in my meal choice. I got the house specialty "Pollo Inka", which is basically a rotisserie chicken, but a well done one. The whole chicken is reasonably priced at $9 (other dinner entrees were in the $10-15 range), with a nice blend of 15 spices. Nothing too exotic, but juicy, tender and tasty...very tasty.For the side, I got some tostones, or fried green plantains. Nicely breaded, served with a yogurt like sauce for dipping (or so I assumed - I'll dip fried stuff in just about anything). Decor is fairly non-descript and the kitchen is divided from the dining room by a dessert counter. The service was quick, friendly, and cheerful. I like a place where the staff genuinely seems to want you to come back.I'm looking forward to some return visits. I only gave it 4 stars, but if some of the other menu items taste as good as they sound, I expect to change it to 5.
3	Five of us went out for dinner.  We tried the fried yucca with cheese and sirloin (Yuca Cuzco Dos Sabores/Yucca Two Flavors), unfortunately the sirloin was missed on the dish, otherwise it was an interesting appetizer.  Yucca reminds me of a potato, so we basically had a potato with a tiny amount of cheese inside.The rest of the dishes were good and very filling.  Chicken InkaLomo Saltado/Sauteed Beef Tenderloin - served on top of fries.  I would have been happy if it was only served over the rice that was on the side.Arroz con Mariscos/Peruvian Paella  - Came with full shell fish.Unfortunately the food came out one at a time, so we had to sit and stare at each other while we waited for the rest of the food to come out.  We did not get the chance to try the sangria, since they had run out.  Since the restaurant just opened, I would like to give them the benefit of the doubt and try again in a few months.  The food was delicious, only a few things needed to be tweaked.
5	Great food!  I'm Peruvian and this is excellent cuisine.  I had a 1/4 chicken breast, rice, beans and plantains.  The chicken was marinated in an incredible mix of spices, it was baked, golden, moist and juicy.   The rice, beans, and plantains were cooked to perfection. My whole meal with a drink was under $14.  I had the pleasure of meeting Chef Maritza, she's the reason that restaurant is so good.  She's a perfectionist on the quality of her product.  I highly recommend Pollo Inka.
2	We had tried to eat here before and couldn't - after sitting at a table for 15 minutes without seeing a server, except the ones trying to avoid eye contact with us, we just left. They were busy that night, and all the staff had that shocked look of people totally fried because someone hadn't showed up for their shift that night.. However, one Saturday evening with terrible weather we went back for a second try. Despite being a Saturday evening about 7:30, it was almost empty. One woman was finishing, and after we sat down a couple of guys came in and were seated. The waiter came promptly and took our order. The food arrived pretty quickly, and that's when the trouble started. I had no silverware when we sat, and when the waiter brought my food I pointed it out. He said he would be right back, then proceeded to walk to the back, and begin to take the order of a woman who had just walked in for takeout. After about three minutes of him helping her, then ringing her up, then wandering back to the kitchen, I just went and got my own from the bin.I had ordered the Chicken Inka with beans and rice as my side. I received the chicken and rice, which was overcooked and had obviously been sitting around for a while. I'm sure this rice wasn't supposed to be crunchy. It took a second to register that my beans were missing, and the guy had left to "go get my silverware" by the time I noticed. Anyway, he showed up with the bowl of beans when I was done with my chicken, which was also the first time he came back to the table after he left the food.People have raved about the chicken, and I don't get it. Yes, it was flavorful, but it was actually dry. Like the rice, I had the impression that it had been cooked a while ago, then sitting around the kitchen. On a Saturday night, that just shouldn't happen. I think the people that rave about this chicken haven't ever been to a Pollo Loco - the chain on the West Coast that sells marinated and roasted chicken. I can tell you that Pollo Loco chicken beats this place hands down - and it's a chain.My guy got the Aji de Gallina - a creamy sauce over chicken and potatoes. It was well cooked and smooth, but honestly we have had the same dish at another Madison restaurant (Inka Heritage) and Inka's version is a lot more flavorful. Given the really spotty service (and I'm being generous by calling it spotty), dried out food, and a better option available in Madison (Inka Heritage), we won't be coming back.
2	This was our first time at Pollo Inka. The food was great. The atmosphere is non existent but the waiter was nice and fairly prompt. The prices were reasonable and the wait time for our entrees was short. The most disappointing thing about this restaurant was the smoke and grease smell from the kitchen. I would consider take out from here in the future but not dining until something is done about the ventilation.
1	Just walked by this place last night (1/22/11) and it's now closed. It doesn't surprise me given my experiences there. I'm hoping a great new restaurant opens up soon.
