1	Instead of writing a review I'm going to write a warning. Avoid this place at all costs. If you want a lesson on how to run a successful Mexican restaurant do not come here. From the kid at the hostess stand to the sub par food this was truly a horrible experience.Of course you start with complimentary chips and salsa. Chips were room temp and not a single grain of salt. Both salsas, one mild chunky and another hot and smooth were both lacking salt, garlic and heat, essentially tomato sauce with some red pepper flakes added for good measure.We ordered a quesadilla with green chile ($6.00) and what they call a Hal's Sampler For Two ($15.95) which is a sampling of all their house specials. Pollo Fundido, mini chimi's, flauta's, tostada's and a green corn tamale served with rice and beans. Sounds promising and a no brainer.As soon as the quesadilla arrived we knew what we were in for. The green chile's were of the canned variety and from the first bite, of the old variety. While the cheese was melted the quesadilla was just above room temp and the tortilla was more dried out then actually crisped on a flat top grill. Each bite being worse then the last as the barely melted cheese coagulated around the wet mushy diced chile's. No amount of salsa could save this one, it was d.o.a..Then the sampler arrived, if there were any high hopes of melty cheeses and tastes of thick guacamole they were squashed just as soon as the plate arrived. The plate of beige, had cheeses but were barley melted and like the quesadilla, everything was just above room temperature. Let me tell you, there was nothing redeeming or delicious on this plate. Just a sampler of dried out, deep fried food covered in cheese and some hyper green, bland version of guacamole.After a few bites of this and that we asked for the check and made our way for the door. When I asked our server for a to go menu, she seemed genuinely shocked that I may have thought that the food was good enough to order again. I only needed it to make sure I got the information correct when writing this review. The owner's should be ashamed of themselves. In a market where there is decent Mexican food abound this kind of crap just doesn't fly.
1	I should have read Alexander's Yelp review before I ventured out of my La Quinta hotel during my business trip.  But we went here for a quick dinner and although their fried ice cream was pretty above average, it couldn't equal out for their horrendous spinach enchiladas.  Everything was mushy tasting and their white sauce topping on the enchiladas looked like that kind of cheesy topping that is microwaved from 3 days ago.  Hal-O-Peno's is a nice pun but doesn't qualify as being a good quality Mexican establishment.  Keep walking down the street to find better food.  This is the second Yelp "warning."
1	This restaurant is closed.  It sounds like it wasn't soon enough!
4	Actually they are back open about a mile West of where they were. Don't get the other review ratings, wonder what they consider good. Hal O Peno's has been around for quite some time and has been consistent (good ) the the entire time. Yes the new location has zero the ambiance of the old location, strip mall throw in some tables and chairs.  My #2 is as good as ever.
