5	Ordered an array of chaat and a pizza to share. Had a chocolate croissant and samples of cake. Don't be afraid to just order. Only complaint is I need a translation to know what I am ordering but with everything tastes so good it really doesn't matter.
1	Not worth it, though the idea is appreciable. Taste is not that good, its average or below average. People dont have options, and the shop is trying to fool it seems. Samosa chat that we ordered was not upto the mark.. Mango mastani also tried but it was also not living upto its name. Definitely not going to visit anymore the options that have on the list excites you but needless to say it disappears when you taste it.
4	Very nice place.. if you are a pastries fan then i would definitely recommend this place. Lots of variety of pastries and chaat snacks. I have tried pav bhaji , samosa chaat and chicken tikka pizza, samosas(both big and Irani) and puffs. Everything was good only concern was samosa could have been better.The service is kind off slow and we have to request for water all the time.
2	THe first time we visited this place. The food was really good. We ordered the chicken puff, egg puff and few pastries. THe pastriess were really amazing and by far the best I have tasted in the US.Now the not so good things:1.) service is horrible.2.) They dont even serve you water and you have to ask for it. In spite of asking the server forgot my water(not once but twice)3.)Service is extremely slow.4.) The second time I went, the chicken puff was stale. When I informed the manager about it he was really not bothered.I will go again here only for the pastries.
5	REVISED:Been back umpteen times, great cooking and great prices, too.
1	Went this afternoon with family. Place is still new and they still seem to be figuring out the operational stuff in the meanwhile expect quite a bit of chaos,  possibly spoilt food and confusing serviceWe ordered Paav bhaaji, sev puri and paani puri.  Paav bhaaji was ok and paani puri potatoes were spoilt. Ok, have to leave now.  The fire alarm just went off accidentally and chaos rules. In the meanwhile i get 10% off as an apology for the rotten potatoes in the paani puri. Doubt this place will be around in 6 months and will not miss it either.
4	This place is new and good. Pizza and Puffs are delicious. They don't serve Pani Puri which is one drawback compared to Little India. Overall its a nice Chaat Place and the cakes are very good too..
4	I made 2nd visit to it and must say it was satisfying this time. Ordered Paneer tikka pizza and mango pastry, must admit both orders were delicious. All in all this is a new setup and the owner is open to recommendations and suggestions. They need support to serve the valley. Pizzas and pastries are a must if you visit this place.
5	This is an amazing place for an evening tea and snacks... My and my better half come here quite often, almost every week... Its a fun little place and the guys there are very customer friendly.. Not to mention, the place is very clean n tidy... OK now coming to the food, the chaats are delicious, helps us from missing home too much... Good tea and vada paav... Pastries are indian style which you cannot find anywhere else in phoenix...Summary for the lazy to read - good place, nice food.
5	Great food and staff. I highly recommend this place. The staff was very nice and friendly. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Wow!! Finally an Indian bakery! Haven't seen anything like this in my five years in Phoenix. The freshly made pastries are easily as good as the best in India. The paneer puff was top notch too. I also liked the paneer tikka pizza. Wide selection of hard-to-find Indian food in the valley. Bengali sweets and lots of other Indian sweets looked tempting. I liked the simple ambiance too, it gave me a feel of India. Although it's a self service place, the owners who ran the place were friendly and helpful. Service wasn't lightning fast but the food was easily worth the short wait.
3	This place is great for Indian chaat but  price is  bit higher dan little India and the quantity is also less.
4	This was our first visit to the newly re-opened restaurant. The food was very good and we enjoyed all of the chaat selections we ordered. I will say that service was very slow and the food took a while to come out. But I am hoping that was due to their inexperience and that they will get more efficient. This is a nice option to have in this area and I am hopeful that their business will make it.
4	This is nice place, it's a corner shop for some Indian snacks, pastry and sweets. Like it, it is small but good food. Price is reasonable
5	This place is one of my fav spots in the Valley for Indian snacks, pastries and cakes. Probably one of the very few places that does eggless cakes. Unlike most indian snack shops, this one is definitely upbeat and clean. My last visit, service was a bit slow probably because they were a new business. But visit after visits, I have become a fan of this place. Not only that but even my friends that I recommended to Pastries and Chaat to loved the food. This place has potential and its always packed. I got a custom cake made from this place and it was delicious. The chef was very nice and took his time to understand what I wanted and presented me with an even better version of my cake. Hats off!!! Their chicken pizza is the best you can get in town. Also the mango cake actually tasted like mangoes. Keep up the good work guys.
5	Having been to a few places where they supposedly serve  Indian delicacies in and around Phoenix, Scottsdale and Tempe, I had lost all hope that I'd be able to have good Indian snacks and chats in AZ. Until I walked into Pastries N Chaat that is...A friend took me there after one work one evening. I was circumspect because I did not want to be disappointed yet again. However, as I walked in, I could sense something positively different about this place. It had a pleasant, uncluttered, calm and soothing ambiance. They give you a slip where you can mark your order and take a seat. We ordered papdi chat, dahi batata puri, egg puffs, samosas and chai. The presentation of the food was excellent. The chats were fabulous with most of the flavors growing on you after every bite. The chai had great consistency and the samosas were hot and crispy too. The puffs had carrot in its filling which I personally did not like, but that wasn't really a put off. The price is pretty reasonable for the quantities that the serve. Mostly in the $3.00-$4.50 range. They have take outs too.The service was excellent, the people were very courteous, friendly and polite. They have English pastries for those who'd like a bit of both. On the whole, I can't recommend this place enough. I'm sure to make many more visits.
4	Place is little cramped but food is good.. I have tried vada pav and butter scotch pastrie. I ordered chicken Puff also but it is not hot.... They might forgot to heat it... Overall I like it and will try some other time
5	simply delish! fast and easy to order. really good service.
5	We ordered Samosa Chaat, Dahi Batata Puri and an asortment of Indian sweets.  Every thing was wonderful.  The samosa was spicy and the puri had this great yogurt in it.  The sweets reminded me of marzipan.  I could not have been happier.  Can't wait to come back.
5	My first visit won't be my last because that's how impressed I am with this new business. They have redefined freshness while offering a variety of popular Indian street food and desserts. It's the next "NEW THING" and everyone must try. I wish your team the very best AND see you soon!
5	Excellent street food type Indian food.  Just the right amount of heat!  The sauce was so good, wanted to ask for more to take home.  Don't forget to leave room for sweets!  The cake is delish, but I really want to go back to try lemon moons.  Looking forward to my next visit already!
5	great food!!!!
5	My daughter and I were in the area after an appointment. We checked out Yelp to see what was nearby and this popped up.   Sometimes it's a risk listening to the reviews of fellow Yelpers. Not this time!  Pastries and Chaat is a tiny little place tucked in a strip mall. Walking in, you are greeted by a clean, minimally decorated dining area. The pastry display is like a slice of heaven! A wide array of cakes and mousses are beautifully displayed.   My daughter ordered the chicken tikka pizza. It was unexpectedly delicious! I ordered the samosa chaat. It was very tasty. I'm normally not a big fan of chutney, but the spices were spot on and the yogurt sauce helped cut the tang of the green chutney down a bit. The chickpeas were plentiful.     We decided to try some dessert. Oh. My. Gosh! I wanted to just bury my face in the slice of cake I ordered.   The next time we're in the area we plan on stopping in and trying more of their chaat selections as well as their amazing sweets!
5	Great spot for a quick bite of indian foods. Vegetarian friendly. Samosas are crispy n lightly spiced. Chicken tikka pizza made on naan bread is different but good. I had the lunch special , paneer vindaloo. Tasted great The deserts are good. At least the indian desserts. I haven't tried the American desserts yet but I will
