5	Excellent food, great atmosphere, a bit noisy.  $$
5	If you enjoy a little people watching with your dining, sit out on the outside terrace and watch Las Vegas tourist walk the strip as they celebrate their winnings or rave about the fabulous Bellagio fountains.  As the restaurant is directly across from the fountains, it is also a great place to dine while taking in the free show.   The food fits the setting, with a traditional French menu infused with a bit of Vegas penache.   We had excellent service..polite, prompt, helpful (great at helping us pick a great wine suited to our selections!) and personal.   And by the way,   the wait staff aren't above snapping that great snapshot of you and your guest having a good time....it is great to be a tourist!
5	affordable, fairly classic french foodsit outside if you like to people watchor see the bellagio fountain showvery reminiscent of paris(on steroids!)
4	Though heartbroken and a bit aimless on my 22nd birthday, a meal at Mon Ami Gabi really helped cheer me up.I imagine that if you go there relatively happy, you'd really enjoy yourself!
4	The food and wine was amazing, but the super high price is going to make this a 4-star.  Although I must admit that the price was a direct result of ordering numerous glasses of wine rather than a bottle.  Dumb.  But it was the best meal we had in Vegas, so call it a 4.5
5	Yippy!  Make-your-own bloody mary bar! Chose the vodka and go to town.  They have recipies to help you out if you need it.  We tried Mon Ami Gabi for Sunday brunch.  First off, I loved eating in the atrium (light, airy and classic), and probably prefered it to eating outside (who wants to feel like they're right on the strip amidst icky large groups and las vegas grime while spending a bit for brunch?).  Secondly, the service was OUTSTANDING.  The waitress even put in a special request for a specific  crepe filling not on the menu (the kitchen made it- smoked salmon, egg and jack cheese if you're curious).  Crepes were enormous and delicious (just too bad I couldn't lug a doggie bag around with me all day).  Not too expensive ($50 with tax and tip and champagne) .Yumyumyum. Will definatley go again.
4	I went here for a team function on one of the evening's of my company's sales conference.  The place was a little crowded and dim but it was a festive and enjoyable experience.The waiter was great and definitely made the experience better.  We shared 6 bottles of wine, 5 appetizers, and 3 salads.  I am not a big fan of pate, but you definitely have to try it here.  The Mon Ami Shrimp Gabi wasn't quite as good as advertised, but I loved the scallops.One of the special's of the day was Beef Wellington, and basically I made up my mind right there.  Half of the group did the same.  The dish was in a nice wine reduction mushroom sauce and sauteed spinach.  The crust was flakey and the beef was melt-in-your-mouth tender.The price was a bit steep, but hey it's Vegas.  I don't particularly like the Paris hotel and casion, but I'd definitely come to Mon Ami Gabi again.
3	An affordable dining experience in Paris, I mean Vegas.  Location was built out perfectly to the French theme.  They had tasty appetizers with the country pate and the garlic simmered shrimp.  The burger was cooked well with a large amount of fries.  The bread that they serve before the meal can be, "cut the top of your mouth hard" so be careful.  A local recommended the french onion soup, but I totally forgot to get that.  Great views if you get the outdoor seating!
5	Definitely one of my favorites on the Strip! I've been here several times and it has never disappointed! The food here is wonderful as well as the service.  Their steaks are fabulous, as well as their seafood.  Worth a visit if you've never been!
5	What great friends I have..... We ate at Mon Ami Gabi translation (My friend Gabi) last Sat. night.  It was awesome!  It is located in the (wait for it..... Paris Hotel).  What more can a grl who loves Paris ask for?  Me and my 6 grl friends had a delicious array of cocktails, appetizers, and entrees that would make any American say Oh La La!  C'est Bon N'est Pas?  I had the Dijon crusted salmon and I couldn't stop eating once I got full. I had to beg the waiter to take my plate.  To top it off we got a round of creme brulee and chocolate mousse (Ma favorite!).  Sa delicieux!  The atmosphere on in the cafe and the outside terrace was spectacular.... Especially when you have a front seat row to the Bellagio light show.  Sa Magnifique!  Je serai retourner bientot!
5	Very good. There is a bunch of tourist trap bullshit in Vegas. This is not it. The food is fantastic for the price. The bloody mary bar is a lot of fun. Definitely recommended.
5	Mon Ami Gabi(Paris hotel) The restaurant is nice but you'll want tobe either on the patio or at one of the window seats as that is thetrue charm here. They have taken full advantage of the fountainsacross the street at the Bellagio and this is a great viewing site.Thefood is excellent and price wise compares with other steakhousesin town. The steaks are served with FRITES which can best bedescribed as flat french fries. Beware the bleu cheese new yorksteak as it is loaded with bleu which tended to drown the flavor ofan excellent steak. The butter enhanced steaks seem to be afavorite and I enjoyed that as well. Nice romantic and worth a datenight. Again it is to your advantage to be able to view the fountainsotherwise this is just another restaurant. AuRevoir
4	Overall, a great restaurant! Not too overpriced- of course price will depend on your hunger, pocket and taste. This is perhaps the only restaurant that allows you to sit outside & view the beautiful Bellagio Musical Fountain show (every 15 minutes or so), while enjoying fine gourmet French-American cuisine.I'd give it 5 stars, except for the following few reasons:1. it is slightly on the noisy side (being on the busy 10-lane Las Vegas Blvd S)2. It takes more than an hour to get seated outside, due to the popularity.3. Some of the waiters are not very friendly or personable. Especially this one guy called Kareem: he is too moody for a waiter at a French restaurant. And unpredictable... He snapped at me in a very unkind way for simply telling him we're ready to order "why- are you in a hurry?" No, I am not in a hurry, but we waited over 80 minutes to sit here! "Well I have so many customers before you". I guess you must be overworked, Kareem- but it is none of my business. As far as I am concerned, you still need to treat me as a valued customer! I don't deserve to be given attitude in front of my lady. At a restaurant that costs $60 or more per person...Other than that... highly recommended!Our favorites here are:- Escargots Bernaise- Warm baguette bread- Delicious "Market Salad" with fresh tomatoes- Belgian Endive Salad (with blue cheese and pears).- Steak au Poivre (peppercorn wine sauce)- prepared medium- Red wine from Burgundy (around $7.50 per glass) sorry cannot recall the name :) - goes so well with the meat!- Creme Brulee - amazing- Tarte Tatin - apple & cinnamon- but ummm, so yummy, so warm, so sensual. Not your average apple cobbler!
2	Do they have to have frites with every entree? And the frites, pretty standard. Cheap by vegas standards for food .Decent view of Bellagio fountain show. You will be sorely disappointed if you expect this place to be a decent French bistro.
5	This is a great place for brunch -- we ended up coming here 2 days in a row!  The belgian waffles with nutella are to die for, and the smoked salmon quiche is amazing.  They also have a great bloody mary bar and a bellini/mimosa cart.
4	Slightly noisy but great food in Vegas at a very reasonable price.  The steaks were great and the appetizers were a bit heavy but it's French cuisine after all.  Sitting outside is great but hard to get on a weekend night.  Make a reservation on Opentable before you go to Vegas and you'll have no problem.Wine list was fairly extensive but we stuck to drinks and the bartender certainly didn't skimp on the drinks.  One of the better finds in Vegas.
4	i had a very rare medium rare fillet mignon here but the rareness was good because it gave the frites some nice flavor. good people watching i got to see a bunch of people eat it on the sidewalk out front those cooling sprinklers provide the perfect amount of moisture on the sidewalk below to make folks feet slide right out from under them good times
5	I love how many of my favorite restaurants in Chicago have double lives in Vegas!  Had reservations at Mon Ami after our O show at the Bellagio.  Still had a short wait which was OK , took advantage of the open seats at the bar for our over priced french kiss martini.  We got really nice seats overlooking the Bellagio fountain and our server was so upbeat and friendly.  The food was excellent just like all of my other Mon Ami dining experiences.  Great way to start the night!
5	amazing french restaurant in the paris hotel. lots of choices for steak and seafood, but delicious appetizers and salads too. very extensive, although pricy, wine list as well. but, you MUST try the french onion soup, it was my favorite thing on the menu the multiple times i've gone there. (ok fine, by multiple i mean twice. but i plan on going there more.) and apparently amazing seats for the bellagio water show. but it's too cold right now for that (december) so for now, sit inside until spring rolls around.
4	2nd time eating here.  They actually had our reservation for 8 at 7:15, but we didn't get seated until 8pm.  GRRR.  Then again, it was CES week, and there were about 100,000 extra people than a regular week in vegas.  Great service, excellent food.  If you order anything else besides steak, then you have made a horrible mistake.  Most of the steaks were very juicy and tender.  Highly recommended, and definitely would suggest making a reservation well in advance.
4	Get the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter. Rare.You will get a taste of heaven.
4	Vegas closes down early, and there aren't many decent places to eat on the later side.  And there are many things to steer away from at this restaurant.  The fries, for example.  They call these fries?  And yet, and yet . . . . There are some terrific wines, not horribly priced.  The steak au poivre is terrific, as good as any SF bistro (except for the frites which, frankly, suck).  The salads are executed poorly as to presentation, but the ingredients?  Actually pretty good.   For example, we had a serrano and mozzarella and fig salad.  Big old pile of the jambon, sliced too thickly, and there was no art in the presentation.  It looked like no one cared enough to make it pretty.  But the taste?  Quite good.  All very high end ingredients, and even the dressing was good.  Same with the heirloom tomato salad (flown in, who knew they cared) and the frisee with lardon.  So if you order carefully and not on the outer limits of cuisine (you know, plain and simple, don't get creative), you'll get a good, maybe even a great, late-night meal.  Sit outside and it's perfect.  Just like Paris (except it's the Bellagio fountains and hordes of Americans, so maybe not so much like Paris, except it's outdoor bistro dining, so that's like Paris, right?)
5	I'm always a little leery about casino restaurants.  And I know, you're all saying..."But, Damon, Vegas is becoming a gourmet capitol."  Yes, I'm aware of this, but, that doesn't mean that there aren't stinkers out there.Thankfully, Gabi is not one of them.  I've been to Gabi for a wedding party. A simple friends get together.  And on Valentine's Day.  Every trip was completely worth the bill.I'm not gonna give a run down of the menu, mostly because this is the kind of restaurant where you could close you're eyes and point, no matter where it lands you gonna have  a wonderful meal.  ( but make sure what it lands on isn't something you're allergic to, that would suck.)
5	My experience at Mon Ami Gabi was amazing, and I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas. Actually I believe that is not the requirement that my girlfriend set next time we go back.Seating & Interiors - Inside is nice, but appears a little crowded and thus can get quite loud. Thankfully i sat outside..no wait at all for our table (we showed up at 6:30 pm and had a reservation through open table..15 minutes later, huge line outside the door).  The outside was very nice, with a great view of the Bellagio fountains (very romantic)...and even though it was slightly cold outside, they had a good amount of heaters outside to keep things regulated...was very nice outside.Pricing - very, very fair. Considering most meals were $18-20..except for the $29 Filet Mignon Au Poivre I ordered...Starters were around $10 which is very good as well (hell, Chili's costs almost as much for appetizers)...I believe Desserts were around $8. The only thing slightly pricey were bottles of wine (cheapest bottles $28-35, everything else around $40-70).  Total price including (generous) tip for two people, two appetizers, one dessert, two entrees and a bottle of wine (remember i had the filet)..$128. Service - SPECTACULAR. Our server Juan, was very articulate, friendly, on the ball with everything, and knowledgeable on all the foods.  Examples: it was slightly windy outside, my napkin fell, when i went to pick it up, he was there in an instant, picked it up, and told me he'd get me a clean one.  After eating our baguette, while crunching up he baguette paper, he was immediately at my side to pick up the trash, and offered another baguette. Food - The filet Mignon was delicious, my girlfriend's lemon chicken was perhaps the best chicken I've ever had. At first I was a little scared of having only an 8 ounce steak for fear of being hungry..but i came out quite full..the banana crepe was also delicious. Presentation was nice...although the escargot could've been presented better, but tasted delicious..The Lobster Bisque..was truly to die for.  The baguette was good as well..the Frites weren't my favorite type of frites, but still quite good, filling, crunchy, but with enough potato inside to make it more than a chip. Overall: The prices are very fair, I highly suggest sitting outside, the service is great ( at least my experience was tremendous). The food is awesome. I highly, highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi.
3	Ate lunch here twice the past week when I was in vegas.French onion soup and open face shrimp salad sandwhich was good.Their salads are kind of bland and have flavors that just don't work all that well...or are not present (the guyere was bland).A solid place to eat if you are at the Paris; but, nothing to crave or look forward to.
4	really cool location at the paris las vegas hotel...right on the sidewalk so you can check out the array of people types who visit las vegas.  i suggest you avoid the patio seating when it gets warm out.  the tabletops heat up, and the umbrellas do not help.at around 2:30pm on a wednesday afternoon, the hostess said there'd be a 30 minute wait.  it was probably more like 20, and my boyfriend thinks it's a scam to get their patrons to gamble while they wait.  haha.  they are so smart!  my boyfriend blew a dollar on the wheel-of-fortune machine, but gained $15 playing poker at the Poker Room bar.the baguette and butter we were first served was DELICOUS.  quite possibly the most delicous bread and butter i've ever consumed.  i ordered the brie burger, but took it apart because i asked for medium well, and it was more like medium and i prefer my hamburger meat COOKED.  the bun looked delicious, but i wasn't in the mood to carboload.  the fries were pretty yummy.  my boyfriend had the chicken and brie sandwich and that was pretty phenomenal.  it made me feel bad that i ordered a burger.it was just too bad we were sitting outside on the patio in 90+ degree heat.  i couldn't properly enjoy my food under those conditions.
5	The outdoor seating is a must!  If you get there after 3:00pm you have a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains going off every 1/2 hour.  It really is a venu appropriate for all sorts of occasions-- from a romantic evening for two, to a little girl's 8th birthday party.  (I have seen all kinds of patronage)  Makes sense, I guess, since it is part of a hotel on the Las Vegas strip.Don't miss the French onion soup, for it is divine, and the roast chicken dish is amazing, too.  Be prepared to spend a pretty penny, though, as Mon Ami Gabi is by no means one of those cheapies scattering the strip.  It has always been a special experience for me.
5	LUNCH - Mon Ami Gabi has pretty tasty food accompanied by a relaxing atmosphere. If you sit outside, you can spy on the streams of tourists passing by and watch (but not hear) the fountains of the Bellagio hotel across the street. Inside are darker rooms as well as a brightly lit atrium type room which lets in light but not so much the weather. Onion soup - very deep flavor; not a very thick broth, but not light. There is plenty of delicious Gruyre cheese on top and some onions in the soup. Lobster bisque w/ orzo - a waiter brings a bowl with a few tiny chunks of lobster and 1/5 cup of orzo rice. Then he pours the lobster bisque out of a little pitcher. The lobster bisque has a slight seafood-y taste but I found it bearable. The bisque is also a little spicy which I really liked! Sauted Spinach & Brie Crpe - a pretty large crepe with lots of brie and very fresh spinach. The crepe skin was a little dry and bland, but the brie and spinach made it better. The crepe also comes with a small side salad on the plate. Classic Quiche Lorraine,  with bacon - the BEST quiche I've had anywhere. It's creamy and eggy and the crust is tender and buttery. The Quiche Lorraine also comes with sweet, caramelized onions scattered throughout the quiche and lends a nice contrast to the salty elements. Vegetable Quiche - same delicious eggy center and tender crust and contains spinach and mushrooms rather than bacon and onions. Liked the textures, but thought it wasn't as flavorful as the Quiche Lorraine. Chicken & Brie Sandwich, caramelized onion and apple - this sandwich came on a soft ciabatta roll. The flavors were light but complemented each other well. The brie was mild and was delicious with the onions and the apples. The sweetness of the apples and onions paired well with the relatively tender chicken breast. Also came with a huge side order of Mon Ami's thin, crispy frites. I still personally prefer my steak fries, but fans of crispy fries should like the frites. Only problem was that some seemed to have been sitting around for a while.
4	Yes, it's a LEY restaurant, of which there are a skatillion in my hometown of Chicago, yet Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite place to have lunch in Las Vegas.  If you get there early (like, right when they open) you're sure to score a table outside so you can watch a) the people and b) the Bellagio fountains.  In my opinion, that's really the best thing about eating here, although I also love the food and service.  Even though it's smack in the middle of the Strip, they've done their best to recreate a French bistro, right down to the waiters themselves, who are often from France!Everything I've ever eaten here has been tasty.  Maybe I'm just fortunate, or maybe it's just that good!
4	I've been to a lot of restaurants in LV.  At one point, the experiences can get all clouded (and no, it's not because I've had one too many).  But I really enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi.  Expect to pay a bit more than what you may have wanted to, but whatever.It opened at 11, we got there at 11:20 and there was a 40-minute wait to sit outside!!  That sounds ridiculous, but my mom really wouldn't have it any other way, so we opted to wait.  Yes, they give you those shiny, shaky pagers so you can keep on gambling while you wait.  The decor was really pretty inside.  They have a Bloody Mary Bar!!!  Always a hit!  Of course by sitting outside, you've got prime views of the Bellagio fountains--so lunch and a show, always nice.I ordered the cheese plate.  Everytime I go to the Paris Hotel, I  must have me a cheese plate.  They've got the good stuff.  My plate came with brie, gorgonzola, and goat cheese.  It was accompanied by apple slices, grapes, and candied dates---the pairings were really good.  It also comes with a couple different breads to choose from.  The coffee was really good, too.  Always a plus.My mom and sister split a fish and chips.  The fish was high class.  This ain't pub food.  It was lightly battered and fried---it looked like the entire fillet of halbut on the plate.  The chips are a bit different.  They're more like homemade potato crunchies than chips or fries.  That was a bit of a disappointment.  Other than that, can't complain.
4	Great place for lunch. We sat on the patio across from the Bellagio fountain. The food was so parisian that the strip could have been replaced by the Champs +D'Eleyse.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a great spot for a nice dinner.  Not quite upscale like the Eiffel Tower restaurant but still a decent place for a meal.  Most will recognize Mon Ami Gabi for being "that sidewalk cafe at Paris".  Yup, that place.The wait can get a little long, so you may want to call ahead or put your name down and gamble for a bit.  Thankfully, we didn't have to wait long since we called ahead and were seated promptly.  The staff was very nice and filled our waters without being asked.  The hanger steak was very flavorful and cooked just as requested.  I don't know if it was the alcohol or what, but I loved the steak and it was easily one of the best steaks I've had.  I've never had "frites" before (think regular french fries but thinner and less greasy) and they complimented the steak famously.  After a couple martinis and the meal, we finished our meal by enjoying a strawberry crepe.  Not the best I've ever had, but still very tasty and enjoyable.I wouldn't hesitate to visit Mon Ami Gabi again.
5	Couldn't ask for a better special occassion dinner (parent's anniversary).  Everyone was a bit skeptical at first, especially put off by the wait, but what do you expect on a Saturday night in Vegas?  It was a bit dark in the restaurant (but I like that), and the waiter was good, considering we were undecided and had 2 small children with us.  We ordered mussels and most had the filet with pommes frittes.  We sat inside due to the heat.  It was the best dinner, and it appealed to everyone in our party.
4	After weeks of searching for the 'perfect' place for the bf and I to have dinner on a special trip, I picked Mon Ami Gabi. It was perfect because its right across the Bellagio and after dinner, we had a show to catch there - "O". I made reservations on OpenTable and as soon as we got there, our table was ready. We didn't have to wait. We wanted to sit out on the patio, but given the hour wait and show to go to, we didn't have time. Next time...The restaurant was pretty busy. It was packed. Well it was a Friday night. Ambiance and decor was nice. Still intimate despite the place full of people. We started with Escargots de Bourgogne which was excellent. I had a pomegranate martini (i think?) which was very good. For dinner,  I had the Filet cooked medium rare and he had the Steak Bordelaise cooked medium. Both came out perfect. It was very good steak..melted in my mouth. And I was able to finish it. For a side dish, we had Garlic Spinach which was very good too. And to top it off, we had the Banana Foster Crpe...I can't resist Bananas Foster. It was huge! We barely finished it.The only funny thing was the steak came with a big plate of fries....err  "frittes".  It looked funny presentation wise because here's a little piece of steak surrounded by crispy fries. And the fries weren't my style - too cripsy for me. Thats why there's one less star.Overall, I thought it was excellent and I'll go again, this time to try to get patio seatig to see the Bellagio fountains! The service was pretty good too. And the bill...not bad at all for 2 of us in Vegas...$120 including tax and tip. I expected it to be a lot more.
4	Really really great place.  Small bar, but friendly bartender, made up for the short wait for our reservations.  I don't know how long it takes to be seated without one, but it's in the middle of Paris casino so there's stuff to do in the meantime.  The food is quite good: I had the Ahi tuna salad and mooched off my girlfriend's steak and frites.  The frites are a little funky, but still tasty.  Prices are what you'd expect from a Vegas restaurant, but it's worth it for the food quality and ambiance.
2	mother's day lunchbusy busyreservations madeyay we have a tableseated in the well-lighted indoor areanice interiorsea scallops with cheese and carmelized onionssalty and gooey and sweetoh i think i'm going to be nauseousno more scallops for moicreamy chicken & mushroom crepecreamy, yes. not enough to save the dry chickengeez, even i'd make better crepes
4	It's always hard deciding where to eat in Vegas bc there are just so many places to choose from.  This was my third time at Mon Ami, and I've loved it every time.  Their bread is so good that I almost always fill on up on it by the time my food arrives.   I always get one of the hanger steaks, which are thin and tender.  I love their pomme frittes, which are similar to potato chips - thin and crispy.  I'm not sure how long the wait is bc I've always made sure to make reservations beforehand and never had to wait long for my table.   Definitely one of my favorites and affordable for someone on my sad salary.
5	Mon Ami Gabi brunch menu reminds me of SF's Grand Cafe menu. The quiches and French toast plates are comparable to a 3-star menu.The awesome view of the Bellagio water show from the outdoor patio kicks up a star. Of course the patio is great for people watching and sun-soaking.The fifth star is from the "bom digi bom di deng di deng digigi uu uuu" Bloody Mary and the full veggie bar with delicious cured carrot sticks, crispy celery sticks, several different olives, a dozen of hot sauces, and best of all, beef jerky to stash in your Bloody Mary.
4	The food here is very good.  I had a filet with merlot sauce and asparagus that was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing.   Others I was with had the scallops, which were raved about, and the escargot, which, while scorching hot, was also good.I tried my first escargot, just because, you never know what you might like.  Me- Not so much with the escargot.This place does lose points on the environment.  It's very cramped and noisy.  Not a really good place for a romantic dinner, but a good place for really good eats.
5	I am not an authority on French cuisine, but  I certainly enjoy the food here.  I have been here for dinner and lunch.  My parents and other people that I know that have been here all rave about this place and I agree that it is warranted.Update:  I recommended to one of my co-workers (bona fide French!) and she fully approved of the place.  I steered her away from the buffet (boofet!).The service sometimes leaves a bit to be desired.  I think that it is nice to sit outside when the weather is nice, but the service seems worse out there.  Inside and for dinner, the service seems better.As someone who is tired of most of the casino restaurants, I can't say that I ever tire of this place.  I feel like a lot of the casinos have now taken for granted that after dropping a couple of g's at the tables, customers will not mind paying $45 for a buffet dinner that is a bit so-so... Wynn, I'm looking at you!So if you REALLY want to eat somewhere on the Strip and you pass on my two places in my other reviews La Scala and Ichiza, then this place will deliver.  Also, you can make reservations here via OpenTable.com.
5	There is nothing better than sitting outside with your girlfriends drinking champagne eating onion soup and watching the water show at the Bellagio as the afternoon goes by. This is the best patio in Las Vegas. Is it the best French food in the world? No, but hey we are not in Paris anyway. So go, immediately and sit outside on the patio or have brunch on Sunday under the Atrium. Even if you can only stop in for a drink at the bar facing the strip you will be glad you made the effort of finding it. That is a Parisian experience for sure!! And in the more traditional event that you would like to eat dinner inside, that too is a romantic endeavor and one that will light your faces up by candlelight and be a beautiful dinner, I promise.If you would like to sit outside it is the only thing that a reservation is not good for. You must come and sign up as they do not hold tables for anyone. However sometimes I will admit to making a reservation, and then if the wait isn't that long canceling it to sit outside. I know it may be wrong, but you have to know how to work the system to get a good table!!!!!
4	It's a chain restaurant.  And what's with the name of the corporation?  Lettuce Entertain You??  But what a view!  If you're lucky enough to snag one of the outdoor tables, you're almost on top of Las Vegas Boulevard, with a view of The Bellagio fountains.Reservations are not taken for outdoor tables, so it's first come, first served.  I arrived for lunch at 11:20 am, ten minutes before opening time.  That earned me a table next to the railing, with a direct view of The Bellagio.  There was some traffic noise, but nothing terrible.I had Steak Classique: a large (10" x 8"), thin piece of grilled steak, tender and with very good flavor.  A large pat of herb butter was on top.  Accompanying it was a huge pile of french fries, cut thin like egg noodles and very crisp.  All in all, a good meal in an excellent setting.The bill (including a drink, tax, and tip):  $35.
2	I went here once for a friends birthday and was not overly impressed. The wait was a while, but that's what we should expect in Vegas I guess. It had a nice bar area to grab some drinks while you wait, or you could always hit up the card tables which were nearby.The fillet was good, but it was nothing jaw dropping. They cooked the Tuna a friend ordered instead of searing it and kinda made a fuss about it, saying it was lighting or something. I think it was a little over-priced for what you get too. It was nice just to try it, but I dont' think I'd jump to the suggestion of coming here again unless I really had to
4	I really want to give this place 4 1/2 stars, but it seems like its not a Yelp feature.For me, the appeal of this place was being able to sit out in the patio area across the street from the Bellagio fountains and people watch while eating good food. Heat is not a problem (in the warm nights) because they blast you with outdoor air conditioning.Our waitress was not from France but I think she put on a french accent just for kicks (I didn't hear the other servers doing it) which was actually nice.The food is worth the price but nothing spectacular. I do reccommend the scallop appetizer. We saw a guy eating it at the bar and we had to order ourselves and it was very tasty.So why not 5 stars? Just a couple minor technical errors. They overcooked a steak and we had to send it back, and they brought out two Creme Brulee's when we ordered one. Even if they messed up with the steak... I still feel bad sending it back,but thats not something that should happen at $30 a steak.
4	i'd rate this as a "high" 3.5 star which rounds the rating up to 4.me, the wife and the in-laws had a nice dinner here.  i started with an smash of an onion soup that was fully of cheesy goodness.  the wife and the pop-in-law split a salade maison, which was a mixed green salad w/ a house vinagrette and a goat cheese crouton.  they enjoyed it but nothing special for them.  mom-in-law just had sat tight for her entree.  i had the skate, as my entree, which was very tasty but oh so buttery, a bit too much i would say.  the wife had the lemon chicken w/ french cut beans which she found flavorful but a bit overcooked.  pop-in-paw had the thyme-seared salmon which was quite good and mom-in-law had the sampler of vegetables which looked excellent and i tried some beets and was won over.we all split the chocolate mousse for dessert and loved it.  it was a bit thick but they added lil pellets of crunchy chocolate thingies (cue homer) and that just made it!  this itself makes the place a 4 star!the service was good though a bit on the slow side.  our waitress was quite nice to us and very funny too.  she suggested a great pinot noir but i completely forget the name of it but it's the only pinot noir on their wine by the glass list.
4	This is a chain so I've been to more than one, but always a pleasant meal.Some things are a bit rich/creamy (it's French!), but everything tastes great. Decent cheese plate and all the salads are gooooooooood.They have a pretty good wine selection, and a full bar for cocktails.Every time I've been to this location has been the best because I'm with my girlfriends that I don't see everyday, so that's a perk, but I would recommend it none the less. PS, leave the kids at home.
5	I went here while on vacation and had a wonderful experience here! The atmosphere is great and the dining was fantastic! I definitely recommend it!
4	This was my third time eating here over the past seven years or so, and I've always ordered the same thing:  The Steak Frites with Brandy Peppercorn Sauce.  It's a Top Sirloin, pounded very thin, but still very tender, and the sauce is wonderful.  My only quibble is that they've changed the style of their frites (again) and no longer have the shoestrings.  The new frites are so crisp they've not so good for dipping in the excess peppercorn sauce (half the fun).Unlike me, my wife ordered the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter, Rare.  Normally I like my steak medium rare (this this was really, really rare), but I tried a bite and it was hands-down the most tender piece of beef I can ever remember tasting.  Almost like perfect, seared ahi tuna.  Wow.  I also learned that you can order any of their steaks with any of the sauces.  So next time, I'll probably mix and match with the Filet.All in all, one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  Excellent service and extensive wine list, too.  So why only 4 stars?  Well, I miss the shoestring frites -- a lot.  That's probably only worth a 1/2 star deduction, but Yelp doesn't do 1/2's.
4	I love French Food and having lived in France for numerous years makes me very particular.I enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi very much.  The food is not the "over the top" French fare of many LV restos but rather a more comfortable bistro fare (think steak frites, mussels, roasted chicken, etc).My pate was quite good and came with pearl onions, cornichons, and grilled baguette toast.  The toast wasn't quite grilled enough for my liking, and they took care of this issue very quickly.  Otherwise the rest of our food was excellent as was the chocolate cake dessert.I would recommend reservations if you want to eat... we lucked out and got a table with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Otherwise come prepared to wait in line for a patio seat.The bar area is very cozy, and the bartender made us a few stiff drinks while we waited on our table.  The wine list is very small but very high in quality.  The prices are very reasonable.
4	This is the second time we brunch here on Sunday and we have never been disappointed.  The food is excellent there is no other way to put it.  I had a go at the "make your own bloody mary" bar, what a concept.  Loved it.  I would go with five stars, however the service was poor.  Had a great view of the fountains of Bellagio and an excellent place to people watch.  The patio was a bit hot but the view was great.
4	I'm glad I decided on this one as my last dinner in Vegas, because it was an incredible experience!The atmosphere was dark and sophisticated, but it wasn't uptight either. I saw some people wearing casual clothes...hell, I was wearing a polo shirt and jeans and no one seemed to mind. I initially had the impression that it would be a fine dining experience, but it certainly wasn't the case. I always order steak so I decided to give their pork loin a try. It tasted wonderful, but unfortunately mine was cooked to the point of it being dry. I like my pork well done, but just because it's well done doesn't mean it has to be dry. Towards the end of my meal I was struggling to chew one more bite of the pork just because its dryness. The price for dinner was pretty hefty considering it wasn't a fine-dining restaurant, but I thought it was worth it for the experience to eat in front of the dancing waterfall at the Bellagio.
4	This is a cute little french bistro in the Paris hotel.  Unlike the Eiffel tower restaurant, which serves fancy french food, this is more down home french cooking, the type of stuff you find in a Parisian sidewalk cafe.Their steak frites were really excellent, and was the standout for me. The service was very friendly and professional, and I was even able to get a nice table just walking in around dinnertime.  Even more amazing was how affordable this place was given the city-wide tourist trap that is Vegas.  I would definitely come back here again.
4	For a business trip I planned a group dinner for about 15 colleagues, and put the word out to our Vegas office for recommendations. The head wrote back immediately recommending M-A-G, and got the ball rolling for me. Eventually for a party of 10 we had a private room, our own server and sommelier. The staff invited us over early to check out the personalized menu, wine list, and to see the room.Thanks to the advance planning, everything was smooth as butter. We had people coming and going all through the meal, and the servers didn't bat an eyelash. Thanks to our local office, we also got a lower minimum for the reserved room, which was a really nice touch, and even though we were inside we had a perfect view of the fountains. If you need to get a group meal going, this is a great place to do it. The private rooms accommodate a good number of guests, so chances are M-A-G will work. And I haven't really mentioned the food, but it was great across the board. Everyone was happy, no complaints--I think that says it all!
5	Enjoy authentic French Bistro Cuisine while you watch the Belogio Water Show from the Terrace of my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  There is ample outdoor seating and a great wine list to chose from.  A great place to dine before you catch a show at the Paris or go shopping at the Forum shops.  If you only have one chance to eat out in Las Vegas and you enjoy French Bistro dining, make sure you come to Mon Ami Gabi.  They take reservations and you may need them especially for dinner.
5	Great view of the Bellagio fountain, great crepe, great bread, service...etcDon't leave Vegas without brunch here at some point.
5	I went to Las Vegas to celebrate a girlfriend's birthday, and it was a very memorable experience.  After putting a request in for the patio at 8:15PM, we were seated by 8:45 -- on a Saturday night!  We had everything from appetizers, a bottle of wine, entrees, two desserts and coffee all around.  For five people it came out to a total of $314 with tip.  Not bad considering we got to sit outside on the patio and enjoyed the Bellagio hotel fountain show.  I had the Fillet Mignon with Merlot butter, but made the mistake of switching out the frites for mashed potatoes, which wasn't very flavorful.  I wish our waiter had told us that they are known for their frites!  We did experience one pissy server but all in all it was a great experience and will go back again.  At one point I found myself getting caught up in the moment and almost forgot I was in Las Vegas.  I was soaking in the ambiance, people walking on the sidewalk in front of us, and the beautiful music and water show from across the street, when a truck drove by pulling a picture of a half naked lady for some nudey show.  Ahh Vegas -- you gotta love it.
4	I dined here for the 2nd time on August 14th, 2007. I have to say that I wasn't looking forward to coming here as the 1st time I ate here a couple years ago I didn't think the food was that great nor the service. However, I'm so glad I came back because I enjoyed it more the 2nd time for two main reasons: our waiter was fantastic and I ordered a better dish. I had the skate with crispy garlic chips, vegetable salsa and caper lemon butter. It was absolutely amazing that I finished it all! Their fries and cocktails were also great! Prices are reasonable and they did a great job servicing our group of 9 girls.
4	I went for a relaxing lazy sunday lunch... French Onion Soup = SOOOO YUMMMMMMMMMMMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The cheese was just burnt enough, the broth not too oniony and not too salty.  Truly perfect.He got the Brie Burger = SO YUMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!Mon Ami Gabi gets one notch down because I shamefully got the spinach crepe. Silly girl you can get a crepe on the street, you get something YUMMY at Mon Ami Gabi.  Plus, our waiter was too busy chatting up a table of cougars to check up on us.Next time we are getting two soups and splitting that heavenly brie burger so that we have room for dessert. MMMM
5	J'adore Mon Ami Gabi! I've made it a point to visit this place more than once on my many trips to Vegas. Granted, I visit it when I'm on my more mellow trips, for example: with the bf's parents or when on a conference. I do not go here when I'm on bachelorette party trips or trips with 10 of my friends. It's right across from the Bellagio, so depending on your seating, you can see the awesome fountain shows and taken in Pavorotti's voice while you sip le vin. For dinner I had the Steak au Poivre with brandy peppercorn sauce and awesome fries. Another time I went for lunch and had the Creamy Chicken & Mushroom Crpe, which was tres excellent! It came with a spring salade and was large and delicious. Wine list was great - at lunch time they had a wine cart so you could see the bottles and take a taste if desired. Dessert - my friend got the Bananas Foster Crepe - he LOVES it. It's not my cup of tea, but if you enjoy bananas foster, you might like this!Note: I just looked on the website and I guess it's a chain - didn't know this!
5	As a big French nut, obviously the Paris casino was a stop on my most recent trip to Vegas. My friend and I were looking to eat lunch and decided to try this place out-- very glad we did!While you sit outside (we even stayed there despite a rain shower), you can watch the Bellagio's water show and people watch, but you're also just high enough above sidewalk level that you don't feel trampled and it's not too noisy. My sandwich was PHENOMENAL and even though we had to wait awhile, our waitress was forthcoming in letting us know my friend's dish was accidentally burnt. We were apologized to and given some very delicious coffee on the house.Surprisingly reasonably priced-- we had expected to pay more-- and very yummy.
4	I mostly appreciated the outdoor dining experience. I am French and that's something that I miss here in the US. The terrace has a very nice view on the Bellagio water show, the service was impeccable. The food was good enough for me although a little pricey for the quality.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is a wonderful bistro/steak house located in the Paris hotel and we do not leave Vegas until we dine here. Sit outside and dine al fresco, you will have a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains and it's fun to people watch. It's a bistro, you can dress casual and no one will judge you.There is an excellent wine list, of course! The St. Aubyn pinot is lovely. The service is courteous and prompt to see to your needs and you will not feel at all rushed. There are great cocktails on the menu, I tend to go straight for the wine, though.I like to start with the Onion Soup au Gratin, the 'french onion soup', you can taste so many layers of flavor and the cheese is melted on top, just starting to get that golden crust. YUM. I will have to make a point of trying other things on the menu, I can't seem to get past the Steak Bordelaise with it's lovely wine sauce and the soft, sweet, caramelized onions, or the filet mignon au poivre, always with frites, bien sur. Excellent steaks, I'm almost speechless...but not quite, there's still dessert! (And NO, I'm not sharing, get your own!).The creme brulee is excruciatingly delicious, it hurts so bad...The bananas foster crepes are tender and delicious and absolutely decadent. The chocolate mousse is pure decadence!I can't wait until our next trip, hopefully I can update this review...and add another dish to my list. Sigh...lovely...
3	3.5 stars.  3 stars really, but the frites gave it an extra .5 stars.I decided to book Mon Ami Gabi on open table after reading yelp - I really wanted the Patio seating. Not to mention that a month ago or so, Christine T. sent me some suggestions on where to have our 2 year anniv dinner  (my db is her BIL),  some of the suggestions were French Bistro/Steakhouses (i.e. Clementine in SF, etc). Instead of celebrating our 2 yr in SF, my bf took me to Las Vegas. We had 7PM reservations and we were seated immediately (It was really windy out and I decided to skip the patio seating). However, i wasn't very happy where we were seated. We were in the bar section in a little itsy bitsy corner table. I was very uncomfortable sitting there! I felt the table size was perfect for happy hour and appetizers, but not for a full dinner.  I complained a little bit to my db "Are you sure you want to sit here?"  - repeat that at least 3x.  He's not much of a complainer, so he said our table was fine.  I really couldn't understand why we were seated in this ITSY bitsy table,  when there were TONS of empty tables..even in the main dining room!  Did I mention my feet were all retarded cuz I couldn't sit straight? I had my feet over to the side, but I sucked it up.  Did I mention we were seated really close to the other table? I felt like we made the 2 gentlemen next to us a little uncomfortable. They probably thought the same thing "Why did they seat this couple over here - there are tons of empty tables!"We ordered crab cakes to share - I just found it OK. I still prefer the crabcakes at Kincaids - may be I'm just used to them, but the portion was generous - I give them that.  I ordered the Filet Mignon with red wine sauce. I thought the sauce was delicious, but I was a little disappointed with my filet. I had ordered it medium rare, yet it came crunchy on the outside (Is it supposed to be like that?) At other steak places, my filet cuts like butter, this one I had to put some effort - again, is it supposed to be like that? The frites were yummalcious!! My bf couldn't stop saying how much he loved them. LOL   My db ordered the steak with blue cheese and he did question it a few times, "Is this over cooked? This doesn't look medium rare?" Nonetheless, he ate it all. But, he's known to do that.  :)I decided to skip the wine since we've been up since 4am and we had a 1030P O show to watch. I didn't want to fall asleep. LOL.Service was excellent and attentive, prices were reasonable for a steakhouse.  Not sure if I'll be running back soon - there are TONS of other restaurants to try out in Vegas.
5	I went to this restaurant by myself and was about to be seated in a table in a corner with no view. I promptly requested another table. After I got a better table, I sat down and promptly served with a warm mini baguette with whipped warm butter. I was happy. This is a restaurant who's smart to WARM their butter. Honestly, why do some restaurants serve chilled, cold butter I do not understand, particularly those who serve cold butter with room temperature bread. Why? Anyway, back to the bread. Starving, I broke part of the baguette and smeared it with butter. Oh my God.. when you're hungry, eating a warm baguette that's crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, smeared with warm whipped butter is to die for. My mouth was so happy. The waitstaff put a small pat of minced garlic for the bread but I prefer sugar with my bread and butter. Haven't tried the bread-butter-sugar yet? Try it. It's very good. The sugar needs to be the refined, regular sugar though. Sweet n low, Splenda and all the fake sugar crap won't cut it.Mm.. mmm. I ordered the appetizer (melted cheese with marinara sauce with garlic toasted bread) and salad (roasted pear with bleu cheese, walnuts and mix of greens).The melted cheese was good, but I wished it was real cheese rather than cream cheese. The salad was superb. I was too full to order dessert even though I really wanted to try their banana foster. This restaurant has one of the best location in Las Vegas. Imagine dining on the terrace on a nice evening with the Bellagio waterworks in action. Next time I have to bring my dad here since he loves watching the Bellagio waterworks.Nice.
2	Four stars?!?  C'mon people.We ate here for lunch, right at the hottest point of the day.  It would have been a much nicer atmosphere if there were misters or something to cool me down, cause it was hot as a mofo out there!  It was so hot that our butter melted completely in 5 minutes.  I think this would be the only time I would ever prefer chilled butter over room temperature. We thought about sitting inside to escape the heat, but it was dark and depressing in the main dining room.We started off with the mussels, which I liked after having one bite but with every bite I continued to take, they just kept getting worse and worse.  I had to quit after 3 bites because they became way to salty for my liking.  Also, there were about 3 unopened mussels, which is grounds for send-back...but I decided to go easy on them, until my entree that is.For my main dish, I chose the seared salmon with a lemon butter sauce over orzo.  It was so bland and tasteless, I sent that bitch ass dish back.  The description on the menu made it sound so good,  and I was looking forward to that orzo, but it sucked in real life.  Sorry, but I have no pity for these huge casinos and I am expecting something not dissapointing when I'm dining at any one of them.  My bf liked his dish, though.  Maybe I chose the wrong thing, but I doubt I'll be giving them another chance to redeem themselves.The view of the Bellagio fountains was entertaining, which was a plus.  Also, its right on the strip so people watching is fun also.  Thats about it as far as the positives go for me.  Oh, and the bread was really good.  Eh, I'll give 'em 2.5.
5	I only ordered a steamed artichoke here, so I can't opine on the food (although I did steal a bite of my friend's club sandwich and it was delicious). Five stars for their bloody mary bar. Brilliant! The waiter brings you a glass of vodka over ice. You do the rest - the bloody mary bar offers both tomato juice and bloody mary mix, every single hot sauce manufacutured in the world, worcestershire sauce, horseradish, celery, pickled asparagus, pickled onions, olives (you can also ask them to bring you blue cheese stuffed olives). It was the perfect way to end our Vegas weekend (well, winning back the money I lost in blackjack would have been perfect, but this was close enough). We went on a Sunday, so not sure if the bloody mary bar is a Sunday brunch offering only, or whether it's there all the time. We sat outside, which offers a great view of Bellagio's fountain show, as well as excellent people watching (love what people can get away with (not) wearing in Vegas!)
4	Quite simply the best dining experience we have had in a long time. The wait for an outside table was a bit long considering it being a Monday night, but the ambiance made the food taste that much better. The filet mignon avec roquefort made me reconsider my latest vegetarian kick. The tarte tatin was not overwhelmingly sweet, ala Mrs smith apple pie special, yet it craved the dessert fix. A nearby couple gave us their remaining half drunken bottle of Deboeuf pinot Noir which was an added drunken surprise. If and when you come to Vegas and are not a proponent of low quality buffets or overpriced average hotel restaurant food, make your way to Gabi's for Vegas nouriture, frenchy style.
3	I gave this place 3 stars based on the following:- their french onion soup is delicious and one of my favorites- i hate to say this but... Left Bank and Costco make a juicier and flavorful roast chicken... ours was so dry it could mop up the glass of wine we spilled.  hahaha.- they served a box of popcorn to each table. what the hell???  so weird.  i didn't get it.  does anyone know the logic behind this?- be specific about where you'd like to sit, otherwise they'll put you in a random spot with the foot traffic of waitstaff and patrons circling around you like a swarm of bees.  i prefer the solarium-type room or patio seating to the dark, cavelike atmosphere of the interior rooms.- hostesses are pretentious (this is pretty funny)- the waitstaff are pleasant.- it's a fun place to have a meal and watch the fountain show at Bellagio.- again, the french onion soup is quite tasty.  :)- these guys close waaaay to early.
5	Whenever I'm in Las Vegas I always, always try to hit this place. This place is part bistro and part fancy schamncy restaurant. Now if you can get a table at the outside patio with a view of the Bellagio, that's pretty nice. That's where it feels like a fancy restaurant. But inside it's dimly lit, intimate, feels like a second dining room; and that's the bistro feeling.Look to spend about $30 to $50 a person. Expensive, yes. But SOOO worth it. If you're going to eat at a place like Mon Ami Gabi, you MUST eat everything, meaning every course...appetizers , entree and dessert. Plus some wine, and you are set. Now what I usually order every time I'm here is that I start with the house Merlot. Then for my appetizer, I go for the crab cakes, there are only 2 of them but they taste really good. Then my main course would be the Filet Mignon, medium well. Awesome and they serve it with pomme frites (French fries). Altogether I am in heaven, pure heaven. I usually variate what my dessert would be I think I usually get the strawberry crepe or the sorbet.Now getting a table here can be difficult. I usually call four hours before my dinner time, meaning I reserve a table. But usually before 7pm, you should be able to get a table. I think it gets crazy at sundown and everyone wants a table at night to watch the fountain show at Bellagio.For me its the perfect place to eat. It doesn't try to hard to be the best or the prettiest. It just does what it should, serve great food, give great service, have a great atmosphere and cook a great steak!
5	Ooh, la, la Mon Ami Gabi.  Merci, for a yummilicious dinner last night.  I made a last minute dinner reservation for 9:15, we showed up at 8:45 and they were able to squeeze us in.  I was hoping that I could make a reservation on the patio, but it's first-come first serve, and I was not willing to wait for 2 hours.  They seated us at an indoor table right next the window, so that we could still see the Bellagio fountains.  The server brought out some couscous, compliments of the chef, and freshly baked french bread and butter.  I feel a little guilty for having my boyfriend sitting across from me because I have to say that I was in love with the butter.  I ordered the house salad and my bf ordered the french onion soup.  I was really surprised by their large portions because I was expecting it to be smaller.  Then our entrees came, I got the steak au pouvre and the bf got the steak with onions.  My heart was all aflutter when I saw what was on my plate.  A large platter which was half covered with a thin steak and frites.  The steak was flavorful and cooked to a perfect medium.  The frites were amazing, like strips of freshly cooked potato chips.  So like total gluttons, we inhaled our dinner.  As for dessert, we couldn't do it, we had eaten too much.  What made my bf very happy, which I think any water drinker would appreciate, was that his water glass was always filled without ever having to search for someone to refill it.  I can't wait to actually go back for dessert.
4	We arrived for brunch on a windy, chilly September morning, but stuck it out on the patio.  The brunch menu is just the lunch menu, so don't juggle your plans to be here at brunch.  Go somewhere else.  Enjoy Mon Ami Gabi any other time!  The waiter brought out a baguette with soft butter and yummy raspberry jam.  I usually do not eat jam but this was so good with the butter and soft, crusty bread.  I had a bloody mary, (or two!) it was good.  I heard raves about the bloody mary bar on here, but it is nothing special unless you are sitting right by it.  I would rather the waiter just bring out my drink.We were warmed up by the tomato soup (yum) and french onion soup (yummier).  Also got the appetizer of baked tomato and cheese with toasts.  I thought it would be literally sliced tomato with melted sliced cheese on top.  It was actually a tomato puree with goat cheese.  Very good, but not expected, as we already had the tomato soup.The quiche Lorraine was horrible.  There was an ingredient in there I couldn't stand, and my Mom disliked it, too.  That is not to say someone else would not like it, just not for me.  I got the chicken and brie sandwich, very good, as were the frites that came with it.  The best was the creamy chicken and mushroom crepe.  That also came with a salad with frisee and I think baby arugula with a tantalizing dressing... I wasn't sure what it was and forgot to ask our server.  Champagne vinegar, perhaps?I would definitely go back, though, and get the soup and the crepe.  I would also like to try the salad with pear & walnuts and the chocolate mousse.
5	I love this place!  This is one of my favorite restaurants.  I try to have dinner here whenever I'm in Vegas.The patio is one of the best on on the strip, right across from the Bellagio fountains.  The interior is dark, but very inviting.The steak frites are excellent.This is a great place to go for a romantic dinner or even a night out with the guys/girls.
5	One of my favorites!  Great view, great food, great friendly service and the price is great!Great View - Right across the street from the Bellagio water show.  Just ask to be seated outside.  There are also a lot of overweight birds asking for food.  They will eat out of your handGreat Food - Can't complain.  I love their burgers.  They are literally like 5lbs and the fries are unique.  Very flat and very good.Great Service - Very friendly and professional.  A Class.Great Price - To top it all off, the price is not bad.  It's like $10 for a burger, but definitely feels like we got our moneys worth.Note : They don't allow sleeveless shirts or swim suits apparently.  I don't mind girls in swim suits but seriously who walks into a restaurant in the middle of the strip in a swim suit.
5	Yeah, I know it's owned by a mega-restaurant group. Hell, I used to work for Lettuce Entertain You. And, yeah, there are 4 of these restaurants spread out across the country. But, dammit, as much as I wanted to have a problem with this place, I just don't.My meal was fantastic. I went with a classic Steak au Poivre, and it was absolutely delicious. Now, yeah, there is a better one out there, but for the price (expensive but reasonably so), this one is hard to beat.Plus, when you include the surroundings, this is a real winner.Definitely call ahead for reservations, or you'll be hungry for longer than you'd like to be.Generally, I'm pretty hard to please when it comes to chains, but Mon Ami Gabi is definitely a winner.
3	This can be a stunning meal if you happen to snag a table on the patio across from the Bellagio lake. If you're not able to do that, you're probably just as well off at any number of French bistros on the Strip.The food was good, but not particularly memorable. I ordered the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin which was OK, and noshed on country pate and cornichons (a must do whenever I eat French). Our server was pretty good, but since it was busy we hardly saw  much of her.  She was prompt when we saw her, but 10-15 minutes would go by before we would see her again.It was a scorcher of a September day, but a patio table, a fountain show at Bellagio, some cabernet, pate and cornichons - I was a happy camper. I would go back, perhaps if just for wine, pate and cornichons.
4	It's a good thing we made reservations!  This place was packed on a Sunday brunch.  The place we were sitting had a view of the Bellagio water show.  What a way to wake up.The food was excellent.  I got to try their crab cakes. Although the crab was good, the salad that goes with it was excellent.  Now, I could have had the crepes, which are great, but I was in the mood for frites, which is like a combination of a french fry and chips.  Basically, I think they cut the potato in to thin slice french fry shapes.  Then they do a quick fry to it.Anyway, I ordered the fish and chips.  Now, normally when you think fish and chips, you think of getting five or six fish pieces,  like chicken tender shapes and all.  But not this place.  They give you a whole fillet of fish that is wrapped with panko bread and fried.  The fillet was at least a foot long.  That is a lot of fish!With some champagne on the side, this was a great brunch and a great way to say goodbye to sin city.
4	It was really really good, the only gripe I had was it was very poorly lit... I guess a more romantic setting but I was not in the Romancing mood... wait staff was extremely good & food was great, some how they did not WOW me... will go again
3	Mon Ami Gabi is cute.  I love Paris, the *real* Paris and by extension I love the Paris hotel.  It was my first time eating at Mon Ami Gabi and it was good, but not fabulous.  I had the chopped salad, so I can't expect a lot from a salad, but I also tried the special soup and my friends mussels and still, the food was just OK. The location is perfect and the service is very good.
5	Probably the best meal we had in Vegas over Thanksgiving weekend. If the weather permits, sit out on the patio and go for dinner! You have a spectacular view of the dancing waters at the Bellagio - great ambiance and fun! We started with the Baked Cheese and Tomato appetizer that was amazingly good! The bread that they serve throughout dinner is also really yummy! The boys also had the escargot that they enjoyed. For dinner I had the Butter Lettuce Salad that was fresh with a great dressing. I also had the yukon gold potato soup with brie which was delicious and very filling. My boyfriend had the Beef Wellington which he liked and my parents had the Steak Roquefort that they absolutely loved. Very tender and well prepared. And the frites that were served with it were yummy, also. Our best bang for our buck on our trip!
4	This is one of those few restaurants in Vegas that are not insanely expensive and in which you can feel like you're in a real restaurant and not in a restaurant that is an extension of a casino (however, the slots are not far away!).  The waitstaff is very good and very quick.  The drinks are phenomenal and the few times I've gone, the bartender was super friendly and hilariously charming (hard to do when you're dealing with so many tourists!).  The food is excellent and portions are fairly generous.  I've only been there for lunches, but I imagine the food is evening better in the evening.  I've tried the chicken, mushroom, and vegie crepe and so far it's my favorite.  Their steamed artichokes are delicious as well.  I highly recommend sitting outside on the patio that overlooks the Bellagio fountains, provided it's not 107 outside!
3	Just OK.Yes, it's affordable for the Strip, but I wasn't blown away by any means.  We were upstairs at one of the private rooms, which did have a nice view of the casino floor.  Service was just fair--they seemed bewildered when I didn't want the creme brulee and asked for a fruit cup instead.  What's the prob?
2	I had lunch here one time and was disappointed.  I had the steak sandwich with fries.  the sandwich wasn't filling and didn't taste as good as i hoped. All the fries were small, burnt and crunchy, like the ones u get at the bottom of a McDonald's bag.  and when i asked for ranch the server looked at me like i was crazy and said they don't serve ranch.  I'm sure they have better food and maybe one day I'll go back and find out.
4	Shockingly, this isn't a bad place to go in Vegas.  Not only is the food remarkably cheap for the area, but also you can enjoy it outside.  People-watching from outside the Paris hotel in Las Vegas can make for a remarkable experience.  As for the menu, the steak frites is a decent order for lunch.  If you are getting a bit tired of never ending partying, I would definitely suggest it for a more subdued yet still casual experience.  It's not a high-end restaurant, but Vegas needs some of those as well.For individuals in DC, they have apparently opened up a location in Bethesda, MD which is quite accessible through the metro...
4	I used to live a few blocks from the original Mon Ami Gabi on Lincoln Park West in Chicago, but I never went, only because it looked overly expensive.  However, leave it to me to dine there for the first time in Vegas.  The prices are actually very reasonable.  I had the french onion soup to start, which is almost a meal in itself.  I recommend it.  I had the steak au poivre with brandy peppercorn sauce which was decent but if I go back, I'll have to try the filet mignon with merlot butter, which is supposed to be their signature steak.  The sides were good, I recommend the garlic spinach.  They also have a pretty expansive wine list, which is a must for a french steakhouse.  The only downside was that they were out of a lot of dishes, including the dessert that we wanted!  We had an 8:15 reservation, so they shouldn't be running out of things that early on.
4	I love this restaurant!!  HUGE portion sizes, I recommend sharing an entree plate rather than ordering individual plates.  The fresh french bread is delicious with the room temp butter.  it just melts in your mouth.  Skip the escargots..the dressing on it was to overwhelming.  I ordered a yummy roast chix. and my BF ordered the steak bordelaise; it was great up until you have a bite with the carmalized onions....so if you order this, request for no onions.
5	The food was very satisfying; like French comfort food. My fiance and I both had the French onion soup. It was tasty, cheesy and oniony. I can never resist it once I see it on the menu. Unfortunately, we didn't get the bread until we were nearly done with our soup. I wasn't that hungry so for my entree I had the salad with apples, walnuts and cheese. The entire bottom of the plate is covered in cheese slices, there is approximately one walnut and quite a few thinly sliced apples. It was good but the smells from across the table left me wanting to steal my fiance's seared salmon with lemon butter sauce over orzo. They have rolling carts that hold all opened wines you can buy a glass of. One of them was parked right next to me and I was very tempted to help myself to a refill!
5	Food: The rest of my group didn't love their food here, but I thought my roast chicken with frites was delicious! The chicken was nice and moist and the frites were great to munch on! The bread before our meal was also great, fresh out of the oven.Price: Not bad at all. My meal was around $25 or so...most dishes were $40 and under. Service: Service here was good. Our server was friendly and took care of us.Atmosphere: Nice and intimate. You can also dine ouside right across from the Bellagio fountains. I liked dining inside though, it was nice and warm.Location: Located in Paris right in front.
4	Loved it! Although it was kinda chilly to seat outside we didnt mind and it was worth it- very romantic overlooking the B's fountains. I had the crab cake apptz (yum!) and the Mac & Cheese (double yum), my husband had the salmon and he raved about it as well, no wine and the bill added up to aprox $60
5	Great food. I ordered a filet mignon. The waiter was very attentive to us.
4	Soooo yummy. Been here a few times and definitely coming back. Eating here always leaves my taste buds and tummy excited and satisfied. Bonus points for being able to dine while watching the water shows across the street. Romantic, but a great place to hang out with friends as well.
4	Where can 2 dine on steak on the strip for less than $100? Mon Ami is one option. Food is solid.. particularly liked the frites. Atmosphere is awesome too. A great mid-range type place when you are looking for a nice dinner but don't want to drop hundreds.
3	Cute little restaurant with plenty of patio seating. I would suggest getting a table outside around dusk to people watch and see the Bellagio fountain show across the street. Had fantastic Escargots here - it's an appetizer but can eat as a meal. They were very fresh and just popped in your mouth. Compared to the Eiffel Tower restaurant above it, this is a very casual place where you can just wander in and grab a table. Of course, during the dinner rush, you'll have to take a number and wait a bit.
3	Make reservations to sit outside near the front of the restaurant so you have a clear view of the Bellagio water fountain show. Order the quiche lorraine and blackberry currant ice tea. The pear salad is yummy too.
5	Although we have one of these LEYE restaurants in Chicago, this spot in Vegas is particularly cool because of its prime piece of real estate.  There is no better place to sit in Vegas - outside in their outdoor patio, under the heated lamps, watching the dancing waters at the Bellagio fountain!  Great people watching spot as well.  And their food is great for a chain - I especially love getting appetizers and wine.  Their soups are delicious, and their entrees are good as well.  Great lunch place!
4	Despite the faux-grandiosity that is Las Vegas, stellar restaurants that offer surprisingly solid menu items are abundant.  Mon Ami Gabi is a restaurant at the first floor of the Paris hotel.  Sitting in the indoor/outdoor patio allows the diner a front seat view of the Bellagio fountain show.  I adore French Bistros and I have to say, Mon Ami Gabi was surprisingly one of the better ones I have been to. Their standard bistro food was right on the money. Warm french bread, escargot, pomme frittes, french onion soup and several glasses of Roses - made for a great extended and lazy lunch.  This restaurant may not have been as "charming" and authentic as the French Bistros I have been to in San Francisco, Napa Valley or New York.  However, Mon Ami Gabi serves solid French Bistro food - a good alternative to indoor- buffet style restaurants on the strip.
5	This has always been one of my favs in Vegas for a "don't break your bank" kinda dinner place. The best seat in the house is outside so you can see the Bellagio water show that goes on every 15 mins or so once it gets dark outside. In the winter, the heat lamps outside keep you company. In the summer, the misters do. Either which time of year you go, try to sit outside. The wait staff are all great, very friendly, efficient, attentive to your needs, Being a meat eater, I had the bleu cheese steak last time with french fries. I didn't talk for about 10 min cause I was busy chowing on my food. It just all tasted so freaking good! I have been here before and was happy to share this place with my 5 girl friends who now also love this place as much as I do!
5	My girlfriend and I were looking for a nice affordable restaurant on the strip and came across Mon Ami. We couldn't have chosen a better place! The food was excellent! I highly recommend the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin with potato puree. And the chicken liver pate sounds gross but was really good too! Try to get a patio seat so you can get a perfect view of the Bellagio water show. This place gets pretty packed so a reservation is recommended. J'aime mon ami Gabi!
4	This is a great brunch location. We chose not to sit outdoors since it was December and yes, it does get cold in Vegas, but indoors had a very nice decor as well. The sourdough they served before brunch was great, as was everything else we had (the three of us just shared off of each others plates). A great place to nurse a hangover (trust me).  :)
4	During the height of the "Bennifer" madness, back in 2002, I was having dinner here with my family and SHE came in to eat. It was neat watching the buzz spread around the restaurant, seeing the waitstaff all whispering, and then her being whisked into the patio room. Ahh memories. Well, the food was good then and it's still good. We have a Mon Ami Gabi in Chicago, but my husband and I had a $25 gift card and were trying to stay under budget in Vegas so we decided to come here anyway.Where else can you get an awesome perfectly-cooked (medium rare) hangar steak with MERLOT butter (yumm) for under $20----wait, what!? Oh it's $10 more in Vegas. Since we were there for brunch anyways, we decided to skip the big steak. We still got the steamed artichoke (excellent as always) and tried the potato and brie soup. The soup was awesome! We also had the eggs benedict on steak which was really tasty, if a bit overcooked. The steak was really thin so it came out pretty well done. We also indulged in the blueberry sage martini which was fantastic. 3 drinks and all that food ended up at about $70. Not too bad for Vegas.
4	I went here with my girlfriend for lunch back in October '07.  I had the absolute BEST steak sandwich I have ever had in my entire life!  It basically melted in your mouth - so moist and juicy!  Simply amazing.  Unfortunately, I cannot speak about the dinner service as we only had lunch, but I would highly recommend having lunch and a couple beers and watching the fountains at Bellagio.
4	great burgers, decently priced restaurant for vegas. one of the few authentic cafes on the strip.
4	After a disappointing experience at Onda the night before, we were hoping Mon Ami Gabi would live up to our expectations and it certainly did! We had a great dinner and would definitely go back next time we are in Vegas. We went with a group of 13 on a Saturday night and had 6 pm reservations. Our server was really nice and joked around with us. Plus the fact that at the end of the night he was willing to do seperate checks and split it anyway we wanted was really cool of him.My husband and I split the cheese plate for an appetizer...the St. Andre triple cream was by far my favorite of the three cheeses on the plate.  The Fleur de Marquis was OK and the blue cheese was probably my least favorite.  For dinner, I just had the crab cake appetizer. The crab cake was full of jumbo lump crabmeat and did not have much filler at all...in short, it was delicious.  The only part about the crab cake appetizer I did not like was the celery root remoulade.  I didn't care for the flavor and didn't feel that it complimented the crabcake well at all.  My husband had the seared sea scallops which he graciously let me try.  They were awesome...cooked perfectly as opposed to the disgusting ones I had at Onda the night before.  For dessert we had the chocolate mousse which was good and a perfect way to end the meal.My only real negative is that if you have to use the restroom, you have to leave the restaurant and go around the corner back near the sports book to the bathroom there.
4	I usually feel ripped off after I eat French food, but here, what you get is worth what you pay for. You can't go wrong with their steak. Service was good but it could have been friendlier.JONASAPPROVED!
5	After driving 8+ hours to Las Vegas from Oakland I was, needless to say, exhausted and a little cranky. After checking into our hotel room we decided to check out the Paris casino. Then we got hungry. Then we waited about 20 minutes for a table on the patio. The hostesses were partially rude, but the rest of the night was so enjoyable I promptly forgot about their aloofness. The patio is awesome because you get a great view of the Bellagio fountain and, even more importantly, there are enough heat lamps!Our meals were delicious (flat iron steak and a sea bass special). The best thing about the sea bass, besides it tasting like heaven, was its substantial size. Normally fancy restaurants give you a fist sized serving, but not Mon Ami Gabi. My date's steak was nothing to scoff at, either. The wine our server suggested was very good and put me in a decidedly better mood than the one I sat down with. I would love to dine here again.
4	With all the overpriced french restaurants in the Paris Casino, Mon Ami Gabi is indeed a gem.  The food is thoroghly enjoyable, and I have not once felt like I've overpaid for anything.  I've been to this establishment three times, once for lunch and twice for dinner.  Let me talk about dinner. Lunch was great, but I don't remember anything about it :(  Dinner, my friends, is well worth it.  For one, I'm addicted to their "c'est si bon" martini (it's a bit overpriced...but it's absolutely delicious...what is it?  A watermelon martini, and it's fan-freaking-tastic!).  Now we get to why I adore dinner so much--it's that wondrous hot baguette that comes with a side of butter and slightly picked julienned carrots.  Oooh...I'm drooling. I could make a meal out of this and in fact, I did once.   Okay, I may be weird, but i'm obsessed with it.  I'm a sucker for their escargot.   How can I not be?  The sauce is scrumptious!  Butter, garlic, parsley AND I have this hot baguette!  W-O-W.  As for the entrees, I've had steak on both occassions--new york strip the first time and the ribeye special they had that night.  Needless to say, I enjoyed it very much...it's not going to be the same cute you get from 555 east or Mortons, but it's delicious nonetheless.  And the pomme frites? Spectacular!  The cut is just great.  I've also been equally happy with their desserts. I'm a sucker for creme brulee, and I'll even happily enjoy the most mediocre of creme brulees.  I would have to say that my favorite desserts are the crepes and the tarte tartin (rustic apple tart) a la mode. Divine!  I have a sweet tooth.  As far as customer service goes, I have absolutely complaints--with the exception of feeling a bit embarassed by the incredulous looks I get from devouring a loaf of bread and carrots.
3	The sad French bread and butter that they serve did not cut it for the price of this place. My Steak Bordelaise was over cooked. Some of my asparagus was old and dry. The Macaroni Au Gratin was pretty good and the location is perfect for the Bellagio water show, but all that still does not deserve any more than 3 stars.
5	Oh my god!  This is one of the best places I've experienced in Las Vegas.  The outside seating has a great view of the Bellagio water show and was pleasant to sit in even during a slightly cool night in February.  The bread and carrot salad was great and our waitress was phenomenal with a cute accent.  The food was also good and the Bananas Foster Crepe was delicious, a shame I had to share with two coworkers.
5	Great Vegas Pick. Great menu and wine list, perfect location overlooking the Bellagio Water show, and awesome service. Butter Lettuce Salad was simple and good, Steak and Frites were Trs dlicieux. Fun, romantic and would definitley come back.
4	Voulez vouz monge avec moi!!!!  Came to this place on a Sat afternoon and ate in the patio area.  Ordered the blueberry french toast...cant account for what everyone else in our party ate.  Hands down the best french toast I've ever had in my life.  Mind you, FT is my fav breakfast item and I've been to Paris France twice!   Great view plus great food equals 4 stars.
4	I got tired of the buffet breakfasts at the casinos, so i tried Mon Ami.  it was good, solid, fresh food.  Not the best breakfast i've ever had, mind you, but the location is great--get the patio seats and you can enjoy the fountain show at Bellagio, and service is great.  good to just sit and chill and people watch for an hour or so before heading back to the blackjack tables.
4	I'd pay for the patio seating even if the food were not good. It was not gourmet by any means (but hey I'm from SF and we have some of the best, freshest food around). The steak was cooked well, but wasn't as tasty as I had hoped. The service was attentive but both of the wines he recommended were crap. But maybe all the wine was crap. We quit after two.the whiskey cocktail I had was great tho and the cappuccino was a perfect end to our meal.
3	After waking up at noon and missing brunch buffet, we decided to go to this quaint little French cafe inside Paris. We had a nice dinner at Picasso that night so we didn't want to be too full, so we got there around 1, but the service was SO slow and we didn't get our food and finish eating until almost 3 PM. I think we finally got out of the place around 3:30 and by then, we had to go back to our hotel to change and stuff. I think we waited literally 20 minutes for our check because the waiter loves to chat it up with all the other tables. The actual food was decent. I think I had the Gruyere cheese, bacon and, onion burger, which was pretty good. The "frites" (fries) were kind of weird because they were like regular fries but squashed flat and then refried. A little too much. Also tried some chicken B.L.T and steak sandwich with caramelized onions, which were decent. I think the best  thing I tried was the Steak Bordelaise, which was really juicy and tender. Maybe we should have went for weekend brunch, which might have been better with some breakfast foods. Regardless, service needs to speed up a bit. It was somewhat French, but I don't think they were trying to imitate the carefree attitude of dining and taking your time in France.
4	I decided to go to Mon Ami Gabi for my birthday with a party of 13.  I chose it was because it is moderately priced and I love French food.  I have to say I was quite pleased, there were a few snags but overall it was a good experience. The food was fantastic.  The escargot was great, very garlicky but I love garlic so I was fine with it!  My filet was cooked to medium rare perfection and was one of the best steaks I've had in a long time.  (Much better than the steak I had at N9NE) The wine we selected was fantastic, so good we ordered a second bottle.  The bananas fosters crepe was huge and my husband and I could not finish it.....it was that big! Overall I think it's a great dining experience on the strip if you want a good meal for your money.  W did have a large party and I found MAG to be as accommodating as possible, even seating us even though the whole party wasn't present.  While our server was attentive however, my husband received his steak au poivre, not what he ordered, but still great all the same.
4	We sought out a lunch place for after our Vegas arrival so we thought the view and food of Mon Ami Gabi would be a nice way to start the weekend. For the most part it was. We were told that if we wanted to get started now we could sit we could sit inside or wait 30 mins and sit outside. We were hungry so screw it we'll sit inside...we walked..and walked...and walked and found ourselves outside much to our surprise! So we were in the covered patio. Perfect - just barely under the awning, avoiding the scorching Sun. This is definitely a place to be seen...especially if your penchant for attention-whoredom is working on whatever day you're there.The service here is pretty good - despite forgetting a beer that got hidden behind several other drinks, our waitress was very knowledgeable about the wine selections and even let me taste before deciding. I think that deserves some merit. Their wine of the week was a Layercake Cotes-du-Rhone. Apparently the wine maker came from Barossa valley in Australia but started a vineyard in France. Very good with the food.On to the food! Started with the butter lettuce salad with citrus vinaigrette. There is something that feels sophisticated about cutting your lettuce up rather than just constantly stabbing at veggies. My girl thought the dressing was too oily. I liked it and thought it was pretty good but nothing that would blow you away. It was a bit too warm for soup but the french onion soup looked as good as the Yelp reviews made it sound from looking at what others were ordering. For our main courses we shared sandwiches - they had a special which was a turkey sandwich with brie and orange marmalade. Sounded great so we got that. Everything was pretty good except the turkey. I thought it was a bit of a step up from butterball. It wasn't bad, but I thought they should put a bit more effort into that turkey.The Croque Monsieur here is AMAZING. Holy crap - I've had these several times before...maybe at 4-5 different restaurants but this was far and away the best. The cheese gratinee on top was great - the ham was very flavorful. If you're in the mood for a sandwich you need to try this sandwich. They'll do it "Madame" style if you prefer as well.Great lunch spot - comparing it to something more local to me, like left bank, I'd say this appears to have much of the same appeal - (what is supposed) standard french fare with the to-be-expected American concessions. Definitely a relaxing, memorable experience.
4	This was my last boss's favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, and he took me there to show me why: great wine selection and delicious food.  Don't be fooled by the french name of the restaurant -- you can get an amazing steak here as well.
5	Until last night I had only been to Mon Ami Gabi for business lunches.  We'd sit on the patio overlooking the strip and I'd order good food, but be green with envy of all the people who were there just for the pleasure of it.  I adore my clients and enjoy their company very much, but lets face it, its not the same as a cozy, romatic dinner for two.I didn't get the romance last night, but did have dinner on the patio with another client, who I also consider a friend.  We got there around 6:30 and were seated on the patio after just a few minutes wait.  We apparently arrived just in time because it was packed.  Like other yelpers have mentioned, there's great people watching because you are literally sitting right above the strip.......and having the water fountains at Bellagio across the street adds to the ambience and uniqueness of being in Las Vegas.  Unfortunately we only got to see one show because the wind interferred.   But the wind (I'd call it more of a breeze) felt great and the weather was perfect.  We ordered a bottle of Sancerre, which always makes me happy, and it was the perfect wine to enjoy underneath the setting sun (hmmmmm, this does sound kind of romantic, doesn't it?).  For an appetizer, we ordered the steamed artichoke, which was very good with a lemon mayo for dipping and for dinner I had the scallops atop a cauliflower mash and spinach.  My friend had the skate, which was perfect too.  We also ordered a side of roasted beets, which is where the one slip up happened with us.  Our server forgot to bring it until we were pretty much through with dinner, so they didn't charge us for it.....and it was yummy. Finding a fabulous meal in Las Vegas is very easy.  Finding one that doesn't cost over $100 per person is not.  Our total dinner came out to around $150 including the wine and the tip.  What adds to this being such a great value is that it is one of the only places (that I know of) where you can sit outside right on Las Vegas Boulevard.  If you are in Las Vegas for vacation, then this will certainly enhance that feeling of being in the center of things.  There's Trader Vic's next door, but its a totally different vibe....more of a lounge/bar than a restaurant patio.
5	wonderful food and atmosphere. spotted joey slotnick while having lunch! (nip/tuck fan) service is amazing. word to the wise, make reservations. don't expect some champs elyses restaurant and you'll be ok.
5	*sssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh*i'm effing melting into my brie burger.
4	This place gets an extra star just for their carrot spread alone! What the heck do they put in that stuff?? I wish you could just pay to go there and eat fresh baguette w/ butter and the carrot stuff.Took the BF here for an anniversary dinner, and while the service and food were both excellent, I honestly wish the whole experience had taken longer. We definitely weren't rushed or anything, but all our courses came out at lightning speed, and considering how fast we devoured all the frenchy goodness, we were only there for an hour or so. After being promptly seated for our dinner reservation, we started with the french onion soup. I'm not that much of a soup guy, but how can you eat at a French restaurant without ordering multiple courses, and ensuring that the majority include an alarming amount of cheese, butter, or other source of saturated fat?? There must have been about 5 lbs. of gruyere on that bad boy, but wow, was it delish. Next courses: trout grenoblaise (sp?) and filet mignon. The trout was the perfect portion, perfectly seasoned, and not too heavy, although I didn't care too much for the accompanying potatoes. BF's filet was decent, but the horseradish sauce on top really made it melt in your mouth. Up next: creme brulee. I don't think I've had enough creme brulee to discern the quality of this particular one, but BF said it was really good.Overall, a great place if you want to eat on the Strip while not going broke that offers great, but not amazing, fare. I really wish we had sat on the patio bc it's right across from the Bellagio fountains. If you go, take time to ENJOY your food and don't inhale it like voracious pigs. And don't fill up on the carrot slaw stuff, even though it's hard!
2	This is hardly a great French restaurant.. I would say its mostly a tourist trap with mediocre food that is severely over priced for the quality. The service and view were decent enough but the food quality was pretty bad. Me and the Mr took his elderly Aunt and Uncle there so it was more about family then the food which in this case was a good thing.I still like the name though.. has a special ring to it!
4	We really adore this place and have come back here a few times for lunch.  Especially a breezy sunny day, there's no restaurant I rather be than here and sit on the outdoor (or semi-outdoor covered) patio, enjoying their hot fresh baguette and their wonderful brie burger.  Everything we have tried here have been good and consistent.  Wonderful place for lunch.
4	Found this place on accident. I was looking for something to eat at 4:30 on a Sunday and most places were closed until 5PM. I was starving and couldn't wait, so  after trying nearly ever where in the Bellagio, I gave up and headed for the Strip.  I noticed a few people braving the 106 degree weather on the patio at Mon Ami and figured their must be a reason. The hostess was a little self involved, and initially tried to seat us outside, even though we requested an inside table. We compromised and settled for a table in the shade . I started with the Gazpacho, and my friend ordered the French Onion Soup. Both were tasty. The French Onion featured a  mountain of cheese, and the gazpacho was refreshing, with just a hint of basil. I went with the Bacon Wrapped pork tenderloin for dinner. What could be better than pork wrapped in pork? Seriously. It was good, if a little overdone for my taste. However, I did enjoy the potato puree and the Cherry Port sauce that accompianed it. My friend went with a Market tomato salad and the Crab Cake and Gribiche Sauce.  The tomatoes were fresh and delicious and the Crab Cake was excellent. I ordered a glass of the LaRouche Pinot Noir.  I think it suffered from setting on the rolling wine cart in the 106 degree heat.  Dessert was Bananas Foster and Creme Brulee. Both were delicious,  as was the coffee. Mon Ami is very reasonably priced for a restaurant on the Strip, and the food is good. I probably would have gone with three starts though if not for the excellent service provided by our amazingly hot waiter Matthew. Seriously. I am rarely ever speechless, but this one rendered me mute.
3	Yes this place is catered for tourists, but it's Las Vegas what do you expect?  The atmosphere was lovely and attentive service.  Went for lunch and promptly served French bread.  We said upfront we were just there for the dessert and had no problems with that.  Ordered Banana Foster ($8.50) which was huge and totally covered with caramel; too sweet for me but all I had to do was scrape off the excess caramel.  The Creme Brulee (about 8 bucks) was delicious... but someone posted a picture of it with a strawberry and we didn't get a strawberry =(
2	I really wanted more for a $60 meal.  The restaurant is beautiful but you expect that in the nice hotels in Vegas.  Service was also nice and very attentive.  The mixed drinks were pretty tasty also.Now to the main purpose of a restaurant...the food.  Blah!  The French Onion Soup had so much cheese and almost no onion.  I don't think I can  express how much cheese....soooo much.  Too much.  For my entree, I had the seared sea scallops with whipped cauliflower and spinach.  The scallops were still raw and cold in the center and although there was a nice sear on them, the outside was cold too.  The cauliflower was more runny than whipped and the spinach was just okay.I gave up at dessert. Friends who did have dessert said it was good but nothing they couldn't have had somewhere else, cheaper.
3	ehhh......a group of friends and I came here on our last morning before leaving Vegas.  I got the Gabi Chopped Salad with chicken and it really wasnt that good, especially for $15.  It sounded delish but ehh...  3 of my friends were in the mood for a really good crepe so they ordered the mushroom and chicken crepe.  They all hated it.  I took a bite and it was pretty nasty.  Someone else got the ham and cheese crepe and it was supposidly better than the mushroom crepe.  Another person got a burger but threw a fit because they didn't have American cheese.  The fit was stopped when he ordered a virgin pina colada and about died it was so good.  The last person ordered one of the steaks and frites and he really liked it.  They all said the frites were kind of weird though.I would give this place 2 stars but the 3rd star is from the build-your-own bloody mary. mmm it was delicious!!  you could add celery, pepper, bell peppers, onions, carrots..i forget what else but the bloody mary was great.   the veggies were actually pretty wilted and not very fresh though, but whatever.
4	Very good food and wine, friendly server, and a great view of the fountains at the Bellagio.
4	I loved the mussels and fries enough to come back here twice in one trip and sit on the deck looking out to the Bellagio Fountains. This was back in 2004. I still have fond memories of the place.
3	Come for the view, and stay for the... well, the view. The atmosphere is good especially on a breezy summer night, with the Bellagio water fountain show playing across the street. Service can be mixed, I've waiting for nearly 50 minutes for my food to arrive, and I've also had almost no wait.Definitely come here for the ambiance, especially in the evening. Food is not bad, but not memorable either.
5	Excellent Filet Mignon with butter and red wine reduction.  I was very surprised at their signature fries which reminded me of a wide flat linguini shape fry that was crunchy and soft at the same time, extremely addicting.  The only thing that wasn't spectacular was the steamed artichoke which was very plain, but everything else was excellent!  Ratatouille, French Cut fresh steamed beans and of course the Creme Brulee!
4	I really don't think I've had a bad experience here. I keep coming back, despite the mediocre food, partially due to the relaxing environment this restaurant places you in.The allure of this restaurant is not just it's casual bistro-like food, but the view. The view is what sells people to come here. Nobody ever really sits far within the restaurant, everyone sits in the patio area. Bellagio fountain, front row seat, with good food and champagne in front of you. The life of a winner (or the consolation prize of the big loser - in my case).Came here for a nice Sunday brunch, and ordered relatively smaller dishes, partially since I was so weighed down with guilt of how much money I had lost the night before.Got myself a hearty French onion soup, and salmon rillettes.French onion soup was hearty, but salty. A huge amount of cheese (gruyere possibly, was not really paying too much attention). Good flavoring, solid dish.Salmon rillettes I may not get again. It was decent, but not transcendent. The cornichons with the salmon rillettes were well pickled, but something was just lacking with the rillettes. Not sure what.If anything, the best part are the fresh french baguettes that come out before hand with any dish. Warm warm baguettes, with raspberry jam, and good butter. Excellent stuff.Ordered a bottle of Perrier-Jouet Champagne Brut MV. Don't really scoff at this bottle, even though it is the cheapest one on their list. It's well worth the money, and reasonably priced (68$, vs ~40$ at BevMo, and more for others). Freaking awesome champagne - rated pretty highly as well. A definite must get, and makes you feel like an absolute high roller, even though you're rolling in the mud with your huge losses.4 stars - Inconsistent food, but excellent view and service, in addition to fresh baguettes, make up a great experience. You can just sit down, look towards the fountains, and sigh in relaxation.
4	Considering this is Vegas and almost every nicer sit-down restaurant is outrageous, Mon Ami Gabi is actually good and reasonable by Vegas standards.I went there with a group of 15 people for business dinner. It was a set menu with choices. First was a mixed green salad, next I had crab cake, next was filet mignon with the reduction and then the creme brulee.I was worried about the steak with the reviews on here, but it was excellent and cooked perfectly medium rare. Crab cake was good too. Simple mixed green salads are hard to ruin. Creme brulee size was generous but a bit cool. I prefer my cb to be slightly warm from the recent sugar glazing but flavor was fine. Service was very good. First dish took a long time and our party head discreetly asked them to speed it up a bit and the pace picked up.I would eat there again and this is versus getting dragged to Rain Forest Cafe tonight. Talk about overpriced and underwhelming! It wasn't my choice.Verdict: Vive la Strip restaurant that actually is reasonable and serves good food for less than $100/person.
4	Good enough to go twice on my trip to Vegas.  I fell in love with the brie and spinach crepe and the cheese board appetizer.  Staff is also very knowledgeable about wine.Even on a 115 degree day, the patio is comfortable enough to eat on and it's really the only place in Vegas where you can eat outside on the Strip.  Great view of the Bellagio as well.
5	The Top 3 Vegas French restaurants on my list are: Alize, Fleur de Lys and Mon Ami Gabi.I go to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris for dinner just as much as I go to Taqueria Canonita at Venetian for lunch. Alize and Fleur de Lys I've only been to once, because they're more of a very special occasion type establishment (i.e. Valentine's Day dinner/wedding rehearsal dinner)Here's what we always order:Appetizers: Country Style Pt, Escargots de Bourgogne & Crab CakeSalads: Double Duck Leg Confit Salad &/ Steak Salad MaisonSoup: Onion Soup Au GratinEntrees: Filet Mignon Au Poivre, Seared Sea Scallops &/ SkateDessert: can't go wrong, just order what you feel likeAnd if the weather permits, ask for the outdoor seating in front of the Bellagio dancing water fountain. I also suggest asking the waiter to make suggestions for the right wine to go with your meal.
3	Had a decent, affordable (for vegas)  dinner at Mon Ami Gabi. I had a craving for French Onion Soup (yes I know thats weird) which is why we came here. And their soup did not disappoint! It was cheesey, full flavored and amazing. I ordered the Steak Au Poivre avec Frites which was good, not as great as the soup but definitely still yummy. However the service was lacking. They took my soup away before I was done with it and without asking. I never received a steak knife even though I asked 3 times for one and my diet coke was never refilled which was also requested several times. Quel dommage!
4	There are a few things I must do each time I go to Vegas, and one of them is eat steak.  Bizarre, perhaps, but a lifelong tradition I have no interest in stopping any time soon.On my most recent trip, my friend and I were discussing which wonderful, carnivorous eatery to frequent.  I mentioned a couple of my long-time favorites, and she countered with Mon Ami Gabi.Her selling point was excellent steak on a budget.  Fair enough, I'm always up for trying something new.  We had a reservation and were seated promptly.  They let us choose between indoor or outdoor seating.  It was 10 million degrees outside (no exaggeration!) so we opted for inside.  The setting was quaint, very bistro-in-the-real-paris-with-much-higher-ceilings.  Our waiter was *awesome*.  He excelled at flirting 101, but not in an annoying way.We both ordered the steak frites.  The beef was good, the sauce (you get to choose one) was disappointing (I had the bordelaise) and I was glad I ordered it on the side.  My friend loved her mushroom sauce.  The fries were amazing.  Possibly the best ever.Other selling points: I wasn't in a wine mood, as I had already had a couple of drinks elsewhere before dinner, and our waiter poured me a glass on the house.  The carrot tapenade and baguette were fabulous.  There were nickel slots outside the front door.  Okay, nix the last one.To sum it up, good steak, good price, not my favorite in Vegas... but Daniel is now my favorite waiter in all of Nevada.Finally, I wish I could comment on dessert, but I was determined to have my Vegas cheesecake at Carnegie Deli after Crique de Soleil.  So no dessert was had.
2	Mondure!A quick disclaimer: I didn't actually dine here; I joined a couple friends who were finishing their meal. That said, I got to witness the calamity of a party a few tables away get up from their booth in a tizzy, while waiters and managers swooped down on their area with police-style flashlights.And based on the patron's pained expressions, and the staff's serious faces, you KNOW they had to be looking for just one thing: VERMIN. In the middle of a heavily-packed, noisy dining room.Sacre bleu!Extra star because my friend maintains she enjoyed her steak very much.
3	The Good:-Quick seating, but still do yourself a favor and make a reservation. -Affordable pricing (for Vegas)-Good Fries -Decent selection of champagne by the glass (Nice to find a place that doesn't push me to become a lush and buy the whole bottle)-Cute digs-Nice serving staff-Nice view of the water show at the BellagioThe Developmental Needs:-Medium-well steak (tried 3 different ways) felt a bit rubbery the first and second time we visited-Flavor in the food leaves a lot to be desired. Even the desserts didn't win me over. This made me sad. I'm not a huge fan but due to convenience and consistency with what they could execute well we went back twice. Definitely go and see what works for you. The location is great and perhaps there were just gems on the menu that we weren't able to try.
4	Four stars for the best French Onion Soup ever!!!  The serving size is huge.  One star for the great service.  I liked the Vine Cart that was rolled around to give you a view of the bottle before purchasing a glass of wine.  Limited availability of mixed cocktails.  Two of us ordered steak and they were good but not outstanding.  We dined inside due to the 100 degree heat that day but the view on the patio would be outstanding.
5	This was probably the dining highlight of our entire Vegas vacation.  Our waiter Matthew was very friendly and brought with him some very enthusiastic suggestions.  These included:- The Scallop appetizer- The Filet Mignon with merlot wine sauce reduction - The New York Strip with a special mushroom sauce.- Off-menu creme brulee.He was bang on with every suggestion.... (especially that filet mignon-  the sauce was buttery ecstasy!) though the kitchen was out of the creme brulee necessities so he gave us a dessert of our choice and comped it.    We chose the bananas foster and would declare it a victory.  After a glass of madeira the bill came out to $100 plus tip and in Vegas I'd call it a darn good value.
5	Rick and Ilsa may always have Paris,  but I'll always have Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris in Las Vegas.  Anyone who ever says they hate Vegas has obviously never spent an afternoon at this delightful French bistro.  What's not to love about Vegas sunshine, great company, fine wine, fantastic food, Andrea Bocelli singing "Time to Say Goodbye" as the fountains at the Bellagio seem to perform just for you.  I've now been three times -- it's a Vegas must -- and each time the food, service and atmosphere have yet to disappoint. While the Israeli quartet at the next table who chain smoked added a seemingly French touch, one should keep in mind that Las Vegas's no smoking ordinance only applies indoors.  That makes for a tough choice.  But the food is so good -- from the bread to the dessert  -- I'd sit just about anywhere to enjoy it. And you get a lot -- Mon Ami Gabi may be French food but it is not "nouvelle cuisine" of small portions and high prices, in fact the prices are quite reasonable.   I wish they were open later as I'd go three times  in one day if I could!
5	Mon Ami Gabi was, by far, our best dining experience on our weekend trip to Las Vegas.  We had a 7:00 reservation for Saturday night, so we had no problem being seated right away.  The decor was nice...nothing extravagant, but nice nonetheless.  I ordered the thyme-seared salmon with orzo, spinach, and lemon butter for $18.95.  My wife had the roast chicken & frites (grandmere style) with mushrooms, bacon & pearl onions for $18.95 as well. Both dinners were very good.  I would give mine an "outstanding" rating though.  Both dishes were a little salty, but it did add a lot of flavor to the dishes.  Dinner, tax, and tip for $60.00  We'll definitely de back on our next trip to Sin City!
5	We went here for dinner and opted to seat inside (the weather outside was an excruciating 112), turned out be an excellent choice. We were pleasantly surprised on how generous the servings were. For starters we had the escargots, we enjoyed it, although we never had escargots cooked that way before. We also both ordered steak frites which we both enjoyed. And the fries, the best we've had by far. So thin and crispy. We had tarte tatin for dessert, it was delicious but a little too sweet and by that time we hardly had room in our tummies anyway. Their mojito was also pretty good, strong and very minty. Our server was very nice, attentive, generous with the bread. Ambiance was also nice, cozy and romantic, depending where you sit. We will come back here and recommend to friends for sure.
3	If 3.5 stars were an option this place would receive it.  Allow me to elaborate. The service was five stars. From the hostess to the bus boy to our waiter, everyone was friendly and accomodating. The food, however, gets two stars. This puts me in the position to round up or down, at a 3.5 average. Well folks, I just have to round down because dinner was $150 and not worth it. To start, we shared the baked shrimp. These were tasty, but to be honest you'd find something just as good at a mid range chain. For our entrees I had the filet, and my gorlfriend had the pork tenderloin medallions wrapped in bacon. The medallions were fantastic. Very tender, very flavorful, and accompanied by creamy but tato-rich mashed potatoes. That meal was worth it price, HOWEVER, my filet....oh my filet. Stringy, chewey, and bland are the first 3 adjectives that come to mind. I told the waiter that it was disappointing, to which he offered to take it off our bill. Very nice of him, but I would not necessitate that. He tried to explain that a filet cut was different, but  really, really it was Denny's quality, but with Denny's you have low expectations! This place poses as fine dining...and honestly the quality is lacking.  The medallions were the only stand out item.I live in San Francisco, where there are a lot of inexpensive options with a lot more value. Honestly, save yourself a buck. If you want better food for a synonymous price go to the Wolfgang Puck cafe at the MGM. If you want to spend $150 do the tasting menu at the Michael Minna restaurant down the way in the MGM. These both provide better food for your buck. I do want to reiterate, though , that the service here was great, despite the sub par cuisine.
3	I was very unimpressed with both the food and service. So unimpressed and indifferent that I can't think of anything else to say than I just didn't like it.
4	Okay, so I give Mon Ami Gabi 5 stars for the atmosphere and 3 stars for the food; therefore, an overall score of 4.  My recommendation is to go here around 7:45pm, which is what we did, and then wait for about 20 minutes.  I definitely suggest eating outside, because you can enjoy the weather at this time.  Although it was about 104 degrees while we were visiting, it started to cool down at this time, and there's fans overhead to give you some breeze.  At 8pm the Bellagio fountain shows start and will replay every 15 minutes, which is perfect because then you can enjoy the music AND watch the show.  Lastly, you can people watch from your table, which is always very interesting : )The food was okay--we had the steak w/ butter sauce and the steak w/carmelized onions.  Both of the steaks were good, but not very memorable.  The escargot was covered in a pesto sauce and was okay.  The onion soup was so-so: it wasn't piping hot, and there was about an inch-thick layer of cheese.  My favorite part of the meal was the dessert: mixed berries with a buttery crumb topping and vanilla ice cream.
5	Okay, so after my weekend trip from vegas, its official that Mon Ami Gabi is by far my fav breakfast spot ever!!! I wish I would have eaten there more this weekend because what we had was just great!!weekends only brunch... the most amazing french toast I have ever had. It was perfect! they serve it with syrup on the side, but it is the only french toast I've ever had that did not need any syrup, it would have ruined the perfectness of what was on the plate!!French TOast:-perfectly cooked so the center wasn't gooey-very thick bread (at least an inch)-thick homemade whipped cream that was not too sweet-bursting blueberries that were a perfect combination!!My hubby had the onion soup which he says is the best he's ever had (and he's a huge fan of onion soup!) & the steak sandwich, which he rates as a 5 out of 10, so perhaps you should just order the french toast if you make it to breakfast!!Go! Go! GO! Best of all you can sit outside and people watch and watch the watershow!! Mon Ami Gabi!!
3	90% of my love for this place was the view. We were inside but next to the open wall so we could watch the water show the entire time. The service was great. For an app I got the steamed artichoke which was only ok b/c i didn't care for the sauce that was served, it was a lemon sauce and just tasted too bitter. The scallops were delicious but there were only a few so I left hungry. I would go again though esp for the view.
4	We really enjoyed this food -- went there for dinner, ordered Steak and Frittes and the special, Duck a L'orange, with a side of ratatouille.  Everything was wonderful, quaint, and actually felt like a Parisian restaurant (having been to Paris, I feel like I can say that).  Our service was great, our food was great, and it was a fun night for two poor honeymooners trying to live large in Vegas!
4	Came here for lunch on Monday.  I sat at the patio area, which is quite nice...it's right across from the Bellagio so you can watch the water show, although it's a bit blocked by the trees.  Prompt and nice service.  Meal came with a very delicious baguette.  Ordered the Onion soup, Chive Scrambled Crepe and Hamburger...I was surprised by the big portions  The Onion soup was very tasty...not overly salted like most places.  There's about an inch of cheese on top and although I LOVE melted cheese, it was a bit much for that amount of soup.  The crepe was pretty good...I think I would have enjoyed it more but I was stuffed with cheese from the soup.  Hamburger was good.  I love the frites...it's flat-cut slivers, kind of like a thick potato chip, less crunchy.
4	Used to be lots of "French" restaurants out there, but now I realize how few remain after checking Mon Ami Gabi's menu with many authentic French offerings.   I'm not sure if the servers were truly French or just affecting an accent, but it works.  We had reservations and were seated promptly -- none of this sit at the bar while we find you a place.  I wasn't thrilled with the first table shown (near the bar and very noisy), so we were shown a much more peaceful table.    I had the baramundi special with a side of ratatouille which was excellent.  I'd wanted the pork tenderloin which was on the menu but they were out of it.  Already.  At 7 PM in Las Vegas.  Someone screwed up there.  But the fish was a worthy substitute.  Served with fingerling potatoes on a bed of deliciously flavored frisee.  My husband had the butternut squash with apple bisque.  It was fine.  Almost as good as an identical one I make at home.  He had a filet with merlot sauce.  Ordered medium rare, as it was served, yet, surprisingly dry.  And roasted beets which were very tasty.  Server was attentive but not hovering -- all I ask in a restaurant server.  Spouse had tarte tatin for dessert, I had chocolate mousse.
3	Came here for a late night dinner after a memorable Vegas show. Although we made reservations it took them 10-15 min to set up our table and the front hostess has a bit of a snooty attitude towards us. We were seated by the outdoor balcony facing the Bellagio, which had a nice view. The complimentary french bread was very good, it was crunchy and warm. We also had a small complimentary dish from the chef, some sort of shaved carrots with lemon juice and pepper. It was refreshing and has a bit of a ting to it. I started off with the Soup du jour, which was butternut squash/apple soup.  It was creamy and had a very distinct butternut squash flavor. For entree, since it was a "french steakhouse," I ordered the Steak Roquefort with blue cheese sauce, It was the blue cheese sauce that caught my attention. The steak was a thin 1/4" thick flank steak, I assumed, with a wad of blue cheese sauce and some frites. I was a bit disappointed in the steak as it was a bit chewy and the exterior was grainy. The cheese sauce was good but I really expect the steak itself to be way better. In addition I ordered a side of ratatouille. My friends ordered the New York strip steak, which I was told was good, maybe I just didn't ordered the right item. Finally for dessert I ordered the sorbet, to be honest I really don't know what flavor it was, because when I ordered the waitress said it was blood orange, but it was nothing like blood orange, maybe I just heard it wrong. However, the sorbet was good and refreshing as you can imagine in the hot weather. Overall, service was average, food was not as good as I expected, but the view was magnificent. I give 3 stars for the food and 4 stars for the view, that's 3.5 stars, but I will have to dock 0.5 stars for the snooty hostess.
3	Three stars....that's being pretty generous. I too came here with high expections. For being a "steakhouse", their steaks are not what I expected. I had the Steak Roquefort and the cut was probably one of the worse I've had. It was chewy and chalky tasting, however the blue cheese sauce was tasty. The boyfriend and two other friends had the New York Strip, which tasted better than my steak, but still chewy. Another friend had a rib-eye, which he said was good. Carol Y's scallops looked really good, and came with spinach and what looked like mashed taters. The chicken came in big portions and looked tasty too.All the steaks came with frites, which were fun to eat and not your regular french fry. One thing I did like was the french onion soup, it was HUGE and had a lot of cheese. I did not finish it and it wasn't super salty!In the beginning I was a bit turned off by the amateur hostesses at the front. They were rude and not inviting. The service during dinner was much better!I've always wanted to eat here because as you're walking on the strip, you're constantly passing by it. Sorry my friend gabi.. I won't be returning.
2	I was so excited to have a nice dinner in vegas with my friends while on vacation.  I already researched the menu and knew what i want to get but when i got there I wanted to taste much more.  I ordered the smoked salmon on a brioche with creme fraiche, a goat cheese salad and then split the filet with hand cut pomme frites with a friend.  The one thing that was really good was my wine and they didn't make it!  I am pretty sure this elusive brioche was wonder bread with the crust cut off, the goat cheese salad was more bitter greens then anything else and the filet was overdone.  You ma ask how can you go wrong with pomme frites?! well they tasted like French's fried onions that you put on top of green bean casserole.  not good. I didn't even order the chocolate mousse i had previously been dreaming about.  Shame on you mon ami.....you are not my friend.
4	French Steakhouse?Then I must order a steak for my meal. I ordered the 22 ounce steak for $40 and a side. Very good! I asked for med rare and it came out MEDIUM RARE! Love that. The view was great and we saw the fountains every couple of minutes.I like how it's a French restaurant and I get to wear my Niner's jersey. GOOO NINERS! Won in overtime. I would go back again and try their other dishes. There is a cute blond chick that loves San Diego Chargers. She was obsessed. I like that.
5	Are you looking for a friggin religious experience?  This is the place to get it. I went there with a friend who promised me this would be fabulous. i will admit, I was skeptical.  French food??? It's not for everyone.  This place will change your mind in an instant. We got there early on a Saturday, like 11 am, since the line is long and distinguished. We requested the patio since my friend knew from experience that this was the place to be.  Let me point out that the patio sits right on the strip, in front of the Eiffel tower at Paris, LV and DIRECTLY across from the Bellagio.  We ordered expensive wine, delicious creamy foods and watched the Belaggio water show under a perfect blue sky.  It was truly one of the most amazing experiences ever and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a fabulous day in Vegas.  You can't miss with Mon Ami Gabi.
3	I have visited this restaurant on two separate trips to Vegas. On the first, it was for lunch, and was just fine. The prices were a *teeny bit high, but not too bad, and the food was good. The second was for a large bachelorette party dinner - and it didn't turn out as nicely. Pros: They got us all seated at one long tableThe service was very attentiveThe cocktail I ordered was fabulous (Gabitini!)The desserts were to die forCons: We were seated 20 minutes late, even though we had made a reservation months in advanceWe had drinks in the casino that they wouldn't let us bring insideThe prices were UNBELIEVABLY high for what we got - $25 for mediocre chicken and steak and $12-$15 for dinner salad is not okay, and wine was out of control (our bill for 15 peeps was $885!)Also, frites should be nummy fries, not rock hard tiny, and crunchy teeth-breakingThe aforementioned chicken made me sick later as wellSo look - I think this place might be just fine if you stick to certain dishes - or maybe just drinks & dessert. We may have just been there on an off night as far as food goes, but the dinner prices were so ridic that I definitely won't be visiting My Friend Gabi on my next LV trip.
4	We had a dozen fanny bay oysters. Great champagne vinagrettte. across the strip from Bellagio. Reccommendation: not outside. Right inside by the bar. Not under the sun. they have open doors so you still feel outside without being under the vegas sun. Ill go again.
5	We figured....last minute ressie, not crowded....random Paris hotel location, french steakhouse, whatever, I *guess* it'll be an OKAY dinner.Not so much, it was absolutely wonderful! We all shared a bunch of things and left fat, happy and shocked it was so affordable given how we all rolled outta there.Quick service...cocktails were super fun, dessert chocolate mousse and profiteroles amazing...steak succulent and done perfectly, appetizers were OHHHHH good, and the WARM BAGUETTES OF BREAD delivered to your table 3 at a time????? Heaven, how did they know I am a carb whore....more please.
4	We booked this last minute when we realized another restaurant was too far away and so glad we did.  The  food was amazing and huge portions!  You can sit inside or outside and we ended up inside with a nice dark ambience with candles and delicious food! We ordered some appetizers:Smoked salmon (Best tasting ever!)Steamed mussels (Wowsa!)Fresh warm bagette bread ( They kept bringing us more and we could not stop eatting every soft, warm bite!)Main dish:Peppercorn Steak with Frites and a pear salad on the side! (Steak was perfection and so juicy! Frites were a little bit salty)  I split it with someone and could barely eat it all!  We also had to try dessert and shared a chocolate mousse and profiteroles that were so good and just enough dark chocolate taste!They also have a good drink menu and I just loved my mojito since it was not too sweet but nice and minty.  Amazing service considering they were packed!  You have to go here for dinner!!
3	I must give this restaurant a second visit.  The reviews suggest that we had an isolated mediocre experience.  Beautiful day to sit on the patio and enjoy the warm sun and view of the fountains.  A decent, slightly dirty martini and I was a pretty happy girl. Then our lunch arrived.  BJ's Cavatelli Pasta & Chicken was pretty yummy, my friend's Salmon Burger was also good.  My steak sandwich was just not good.  The meat was tough and chewy. The frites, however, were delicious.What I should have done was have a Yelp-recommended dessert.  Instead, another dirty martini.  Out in the sun.  Cut to Lizzie, heading for un petit somme.
4	My wife and I came here for an anniversary dinner and we couldn't have been happier. The service was excellent, the food was exceptional though not exotic, and they even gave us a mini desert for free as a "Happy Anniversary".The view was good even from the cafe style area and the decor was very traditional (many Vegas restaurants seem to be getting either more garish or more "modern").Reservations are highly recommended but unfortunately you can't reserve outside seating (which is why this is 4 stars instead of 5).
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. It's usually downstairs from my room in my favorite hotel. Get outside seating if you can, otherwise it really is like being in France with all the cigarette smoke.
4	I really like this restaurant. Both my husband and I loved our meal. We got the mac and cheese - very greasy but delicious! He had a burger and I had the ham and cheese grilled sandwich. It sounds pretty plain but this place gives it their own twist. The "French fries" were more like crispy fried chips - very good! We ate inside since the wait for outside was long. This was a Saturday afternoon so that was understandable. Our waitress was very nice and the service was good. I would definitely go back here again next time we go to Vegas.
5	In the vast, expensive, style-over-substance that is the Las Vegas strip, this restaurant is a jewel. The food is superb, the service quite good by local standards, prices are very reasonable, the atmosphere inside and out are wonderful. The soups, salads, and entrees have been very very nice, fresh and perfectly cooked. I've been twice with a group of friends and we had a very good time. Really an oasis in this culinary desert.
3	Based on oour extensive prior extremely positive experiences, my wife and I, plus three other couples, made sure to visit MAG for a nice dinner on our final night in Vegas earlier this week.  We could have been seated immediately inside, but it was a beautiful November night and we opted to wait--heck, rolling some dice, plus free table drinks for 40 minutes, no problem.We finally get seated and they squeeze us into a four-top.  That's OK, we like each other and expected to be squeezed.  If you're new, be warned that they put about 250 diners in a space that any other restaurant would put 100.  For us, not a great big deal because of the anticipation of excellent food and the great view of the strip and the Bellagio water shows.And the aniticipation grew and grew until about an hour after ordering we finally got our meals.  The waitress explained that she had waited to talk to the chef about an allergy issue one of us had before putting any of the orders in.  I'm sorry, but when you are sitting at an uncomfortable table and will end up paying about $150/person, you shouldn't have to wait an hour to get served.When the entrees finally got there, they were all very excellent, but those who bided their ample time by eating bread and appetizers could not finish their entrees.  About the only bad entree choice anyone mentioned was the duck confit, which seemed to have about 1 ounce of meat on a bone, and not great flavor.The onion soup appetizer was horribly cheesy and not as good as on prior visits.  But the filets and steaks, with fantastic Bernaise sauce, are definitely to die for, and it will likely contribute to my demise. So after taking about 30 minutes to get through the meal (things go slower when you have to wait for the person next to you to finish using their knife before you do so you don't cut each other open), we then proceeded to wait and wait another 30 minutes to get the check.  It's not like we wanted to further enjoy the nice night--by now it was after 10:00 and the temperature had dropped about 20 degrees in the past hour.  We were so anxious to leave, no one dared venture into the desserts.And the worst part was, when we make it back to the craps table, we had just missed a 45 minute roll.  Would have paid for our entire visit, and then some, had we not had to wait for the waitress all night.Oh well, life is all about memories, and we'll still have memories of some great meals here.  Probably won't come back, except perhaps for lunch and the best boulliabaise you could ever get.I really feel bad about giving three stars.  Lat week I would have given 5 plus.  It's true what they say that one bad experience overshadows hundreds of good ones.  C'est le vie.
4	A nice French restaurant at the Paris resort.  My friends and I went there for brunch during our weekend in Vegas and were completely satisfied with everything.What initially peaked our interest was the bloody mary bar.  Two of my friends partook and went and created their own bloody maries.  When you arrive, they provide baguettes in the paper bags you would receive if you bought them at a boulangerie in France.  I had a croque monsieur with fries and a mimosa.  The sandwich was good and so was the mimosa.  The fries were unique.  They were cut very thin.  My friends ordered other sandwiches and salads and everyone was very happy with their meal.  We sat outside b/c it was a beautiful, sunny afternoon.  The staff let us linger at the table for two hours as we ate, drank and laughed.  Since Paris is across the street from the Bellagio, we were able to witness the musical fountain shows every 1/2 an hour.  It made us laugh to watch the fountains soar into the sky to the voice of Celine Dion.  Great food, friendly staff, good drinks.  Would return when in the mood for French food.
5	I have went to Vegas and passed this place so many times and I ask my self why?? It is prime location and it is affortable and was/is the BEST meal I have ever have. Oh my god I was going to get the fish but I am so glad I didn't because the steak was to die for even if you not a steak fan WOW. And you have to have the french fries so good. I wish you could order a plate of food online. I went on my birthday and it was perfect!
1	Some might have had a good meal or two here but my experience wasn't good. I got the oysters and I took a closer look at them. I saw tiny little wormlike insects swarming all over them. Tiny little black maggots looking things in my oysters, I was pretty grossed out so I didn't eat that night and the nice waiter apologized but the manager was a douchebag didn't seem to give a crap. My friend got steak frites. Steak was dry tasteless and fries were soggy.* horrible management, rude manager* the wait was so long* contaminated, disease ridden food.
4	my girlfriend and i were planning a special night of dinner and checking out Le Reve.  After reading the reviews here about Mon Ami Gabi, it sounded like a no brainer. And boy was i right!!! Just walking into the place i imediately knew it was gonna be good.  we sat inside in the parlor room (i recommend). outside was just a bit too noisy with strip traffic.  i ordered the steak au poivre. my girlfriend the french onion soup with a side of crab cakes..mmmm...the steak was tender and the frites were just perfect!!  the wine list made me wanna stay the whole night alone.we made reservations which i would strongly suggest to avoid long waits.
5	The 7 of us went for our Thanksgiving dinner (without a reservation!) and was seated close to the window with a fabulous view of the Bellagio fountains. The lights were so dim that I had a hard time looking at the menu but guess that's part of the romantic atmosphere. Started off with the Escargots de Bourgogne and the Shrimp Gabi. Both were delicious. The steaks all came with a generous helping of Frites. Good amount of steak for the price. They were all prepared the way we had requested.  I had the New York Strip Steak prepared rare.  That was one big stripe!  It had to have been an inch thick.  The baguettes were warm, fresh and crunchy on the outside. Our waiter was quick and courteous. Overall it was a great experience. Prices were decent plus you get that great view.  Service was great.  Food was great.  Only complaint is the extremely dim lighting.
4	Went a few years ago with the family while we all happend to be in town.  Yes, it was that good, that a few years later, I'm still raving about this place!Shrimp Gabi and Steamed Mussels appetizers - shrimp was cooked perfectly.Steak Au Poivre - my god.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  I have yet to order steak in a restaurant and have it come out as perfect as it has at MAG.  You want Medium rare?  You will get medium rare.  'nuff said.If you even have room for desert after all this gastric-orgasmic experience, try the creme brulee.  Or better yet, the Banana foster crepe.  Oh.  My.  God.  Entrees do not come with sides, everything is ala carte.  Order one or two sides for the table to share.  It's worth it.  Trust me.This place was one of my first "anything goes" experiences in Vegas.  Loved that I was eating in high-class french restaurant in shorts and sandals (their only dress code requirements are no swimwear, and no sleeveless t-shirts).And by god sakes people.  It is Vegas, after all, so I cannot stress enough... CALL AHEAD for a reservation.  You cannot reserve a table on the patio, but if you get by the windows in the Atrium, it's just as good (if not better, since we were there in August with 110 degree heat!).Definitely would go back.  Probably am the next trip.
5	We always lunch on the patio here when visiting Las Vegas. Great food, good service, and the very best place for people- and fountain-watching on the strip. It's directly across from the Bellagio, so in addition to getting to watch all the characters on the strip, you get to see the gorgeous fountains and hear the lovely music from across the street. I've eating here several times, the food is wonderful. I highly recommend the skate, it's stingray served with a cold vegetable salad that includes fennel, so crisp and refreshing. The steak frites, quiche, and creme brulee are also excelent choices.
4	This is an example of another reason Vegas is a difficult place for a normal person.  The entire experience was, frankly, magical.  The service was a bit obsequious, but she was lovely, friendly, and warm.This is a casual eatery we walked into in Paris and had no reservations.  It was a Saturday night, and we were sat by a lovely, romantic window within seconds.The atmosphere was incredible.... across from the Bellagio Water Show, and next to a window in a romantically lit restaurant that had a wonderful aesthetic... tiled floors (slippery in heels), lovely deep wooden grain finish on the classic bar.  It was as close to a dimly lit French bistro as you might find out of France.The food was awesome.... The oysters had one of the best mignonette's I have ever had.  For Las Vegas, oyster country (sarcasm button on), they were fresh and shucked decently.  Luckily, nothing like Andy K.The Endive and Blue Cheese salad with watercress and roasted pear was sublime.  The French Onion soup was great.  Again, I don't like it sweeter than smoky or "zesty"... but it was great.The Salade Maison was very good, but the presentation of the goat cheese and croutons being the piece of toast with cheese spread ontop of it was confusing... in that Lauren ate that without realizing that was the "goat cheese & croutons" inherent to the salad.The French Martini was great (grey goose with pineapple, champagne, and chambord....)The French 75 was perfect.  I subbed beefeater for the sapphire, and it was just awesome.  AWESOME!But being on the strip, even a casual, non reservation type of meal... the bill came to $140 or something.  1 app, 2 salads, 4 cocktails, one soup.... $140.I know it is demanding to ask Vegas to be cheap, but to sit for a couple apps and salads and see a bill like that is just... disheartening.So... go to Vegas with money.  PLEASE PLEASE shove cost out of your head prior to sitting down ANYWHERE.Because Vegas is pricey.  Check out my Las Vegas as to why.... but it isn't just expensive.  I work in fine dining and high end hotels, and the price point is at least 20%-35% over a normal meal.  As long as you recognize that, even a casual, spur of the moment meal can be magical, romantic, delicious, and stunning.I would go back here in a second, with the awareness I wish I had previously had.  I think having not been to vegas much, it is something I simply need to plan for across the board.
5	TEN stars out of 5!!!!  This place was awesome!  We came here on a Thursday night around 9pm, so there was no wait at all.  Plus, it was Dec. 18th, which I guess is historically one of the slowest times in Vegas.  Anyway, our server went ahead and gave some recommendations for entrees and man, am I glad I went with his suggestions!  My husband and I both ordered the filet with Merlot butter reduction.  I am not even joking, this is most likely the best meal I have ever had in my life.  The filet was PERFECT.  Super tender, moist, and absolutely delicious when coupled with the merlot sauce!  The super thin fries are really interesting.  We also shared a plate of garlic spinach (which, btw, was definitely big enough for 2 to share) which was quite tasty.  For dessert, we got the chocolate mousse which was also excellent!  The service was great.  Our server offered for us to have a taste of the wine we were considering buying a bottle of....and that was indeed a great idea since we liked it a lot and bought the bottle.  Ambiance is very nice and you can't beat an evening view of the Bellagio fountains!  We sat inside right by the window.  We couldn't hear the music when the fountain show was on, but oh well.  That's a very minor drawback.  Overall, it was absolutely fabulous.  Next time we're in Vegas, we are definitely coming back here!
3	We had lunch there and it was all right, nothing to complain about, but nothing to justify more than three stars either. Expensive, like everything at major Vegas hotels.
2	Huge disappointment - after reading all the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to have my family's Christmas dinner at Mon Ami Gabi.  Perhaps it was Christmas and the chef wasn't around or there was no delivery of fresh steak on Christmas day or whatever, but the steaks were the worst we've ever had at a restaurant that claimed to be a steakhouse of any sort.        We had the following: - French onion soup - standard, decent, not spectacular- Frisee & bacon salad - tasty- Steak au poivre- Steak roquefort- Filet mignon with merlot butter  and red wine reductionI think the problem is with quality of the steaks, the sauces were fine, but my mom's steak roquefort had the texture of cotton, my sister's steak au poivre had the texture of cotton with lots of veins and fat lumps, my filet mignon had a stringy texture like a inferior cut of meat and was not at all firm.  It was so bad that we left much of the entree untouched and left right after the main course, we didn't even have dessert on Christmas!!  This was a very disappointing meal and ruined our Christmas.  On the other hand, the service was fine and the  prices were definitely cheaper than traditional steakhouses, $31 for the filet and $23 for the regular steaks, but the quality is not anywhere near Ruth Chris, Morton or Fleming's.
4	A very small selection (basically, steak, fries and that's it) but a good rating because it was very good.
5	Lunch review.  Given the location, Gabi could charge more.  I'd be very happy, and very tempted, if Gabi were a local establishment.  The quiche was amazingly fluffy; it's the best quiche I've had by an immeasurable margin.  The steak sandwich was juicy and flavorful, with Stilton, caramelized onions, and chive mayonnaise.  Most importantly, the beef was pronounced and tasty.Service was sluggish, despite the relatively empty dining room. Highly recommended for lunch.  Better than anything I've had in Paris.
4	I ordered the caramelized onion/ red wine sauce steak. Great portion, very juicy, tender, and cooked to perfection. Too bad my appetite wasn't too great after nights of alcohol binging. The side of crispy fries was very interesting. The ambiance was absolutely perfect for a cozy dinner with a signficant other/ friends/ family/ coworker etc. Classy and sophisticated. Definitely would come back here for a classy evening out.
4	I was staying at the Paris and I would always see people doing the al fresco dining when I'd walk pass, so I thought I'd stop in and try to grab a quick meal before flying out that afternoon.Actually because of that flight, the waiter said he'd talk to the kitchen to expedite my meal.  My seat wasn't outside, but I had a nice sunny window seat.    I ordered the full order of mussels which came with frites.  Moules et frites are my favorite!!  What I really liked though is they dropped off a fresh warm baguette in a bag at every table.  There's nothing I like more than being able to dip bread into the stockpot of mussels.  Well the meal came out after about 15 minutes...either it wasn't expedited or I'm scared to see how long it'd take normally.  The mussels were really good in a nice stock that wasn't too rich.  The "handmade" frites came in a paper cone on a stand and had a nice thin and flat shape, but I thought they tasted a bit stale.  I wonder if I just had a bad batch.  I'd definitely come back for the mussels.      In the end, I jogged out of the restaurant and left the strip an hour before my flight was to depart; barely making my flight.
4	We had a great departing lunch at Mon Ami Gabi this last Sunday. Mon Ami is one of my faves in town for lunch.  Not so much at night, but almost always for lunch. I love to sit in the atrium and people watch.We ate and drank some truly fine French bistro food.T and I started with a dozen oysters. The waistress said they were most like Fanny Bays, but I thought these were smaller and sweeter.  Delish. Lots of lemon, mignonette with tons of shallots and fresh grated horseradish.D started with the frisee au lardon (frisee and bacon salad here in the US where they are probably afraid of the word lardons.)  Because I had this for my entree I can comment upon it. It was delicious. Poached egg, slightly warm frisee, lots of chunks of bacon. Light vinaigrette.  V good.For an entree C had the Croque Monsieur, which was a little unorthodix because it was not open face. However, it had tons of cheese and ham. It was really a lovely tasty sandie.  T and I both drank glasses of a French Vouvray that was enormously delicious.   It had an ever so slight effervescence.  And the price was right, 9.50 on the wine list.I took off one star because their fries suck azz. They anger me.
5	Spectacular!!! Not long after we were seated, a fresh warm baguette in a bag was served. We ordered Escargots de Bourgogne , a dozen of oyster, Filet mignon with merlot butter, bone-in ribeye, Sea Scallops Gratinees for 4 of us. Since we all shared our foods and get to taste everything we ordered, Both filet Mignon and rib-eye are tender and juicy, practically melted in your mouth, Escargots are tender with roasted garlic flavoured, and oyster are fresh. PERFECT!!! I mean everything we ordered . We were seated outside in front of an evening view of the Bellagio fountains, It was really nice to have your dinner while a beautiful water show presents before your eyes, however, it was sad while it was playing "Time to say goodbye" when we were about finishing our dinner Yes,we are leaving in the morning, somehow we know we are gonna to miss this place.
5	Bloody. Mary. Bar. With. Slim. Jims. (as a garnish) In. Vegas.That makes up for the fact that my boyfriend's poached egg was underdone.But then again, sitting on the patio watching the Bellagio fountain and drunk people whilst drinking Bloody Marys does too.
3	First time visit - Brunch experience. Sat in the glass enclosed seating area with brilliant sunlight coming through. Atmosphere was comforting and prices were affordable. The waiter scraped up the bread crumbs and accidentally scooped all the crumbs onto our bags. The hilarious part was that he made such a good effort and pretended that he did not see his mistake and walked away casually. I got a kick out of it.Second time visit - Ordered the steak special. Good but nothing too special. Actually, if you're in it for a bargain, this place works for just that. My steak can be divided into 2 pieces and still feed two grown men. However, quality of food is just a-ok. I probably would opt to pay $10-$15 more elsewhere and have something that would be great.
2	I love the Paris hotel and this place is super cute, but they don't have their act together. At least they didn't this day. OK, it was New Year's weekend, but.... There was a line for lunch right at opening time, but they just kep the line static while tons of servers and hosts were standing there doing nothing. So we were just left staring at them and all the open tables waiting for us.  What's the hold up people? A bit later they actually asked me and my friend if we wanted an outdoor table and we said of course because the patio is outside on the strip so you can people watch while eating.  So they took us out of the line and then told us that it would be a 30 minute wait for the patio and to wait "over here to the side". But we were almost in the front of the line before, and we weren't informed abou the wait for the patio before making our decision! So we had to hound them to put us back in our spot in line for an inside table--and they weren't too gracious about it.Our server was nice, and when he knocked one of our mimosas over (which was less than half full,) he gave us 2 more for free. The food fell flat.  The warm bread was nice and the mimosas were good, but our croque-monsieurs, which we thought would be a good hangover dish, were dry and flavorless. The fries were horrible--some over fried, hollow weird-shaped things.  A French restaurant that can't do fries?It's a shame we didn't have a better experience because the place is adorable and the menu looked good. Maybe dinner is better.
4	First Time visit-We had a reservation for Mon Ami Gabi on Christmas eve at Paris hotel and casino. The restaurant is very easy to find within Paris and in the front of the casino. We were late for our reservation and they were pretty much dead and seated us right away. We sat on the patio since they had spots available. For anyone that was out there that week knows it was cold and we still sat out on the patio. They had a lot of heaters that made it a very pleasant experience still to be outside. First off the view from the patio is great and for me is the reason you come here you have a great but not uninstructed view of the Bellagio fountains and great to people watch. Very good date place to impress your special someone. Second, the waiter and everyone working at Mon Ami Gabi was great. The waiter noticed my Atlanta Falcons hat that I had taken off and put on the chair and started talking that he was from Atlanta and that he had family in Kennesaw, GA. Impressed that he noticed this and struck up a conversation that was personal to the people at his table. They had a great selection of food and prices were not bad compared to other locations I've been to and seen in Las Vegas. I'm by no means an expert on french food and this was the first time I've tried it. My family makes quiche a lot and I hate it. But, figured I would try it here and I have to say I loved it. So much I've got all the ingredients to try and make at home. Food was great for myself and my friend. We ordered the Chicken & Gruyere Crepe, Classic quiche Lorraine, and a diet Pepsi and the total without tip was 30.06. Not too bad in Vegas standards. I did not try any wine but they had a great wine selection from what I looked at. I really liked this place and will keep this on my list to go back as I continue to plan on going to Vegas every year. This place gets Big thumbs up from me. The atmosphere inside and out of the restaurant was great, food was great, and service was awesome. A great Christmas eve lunch I'll never forget. I suggest it to anyone thinking about this place.__________________
4	Gabi, you are indeed a good friend.  I've been to both locations in Chicago as well as this one in Vegas.  It's perfectly located in the Paris hotel.For chain french food, this place is very good.  We went for brunch on a Sunday and enjoyed the crepes.  The smoked salmon and the cheese plate were also great appetizers.  If the weather permits, request to sit outside on the patio as it gives you a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is very french, even if the crowd isn't.The one odd thing was that they ran out of iced tea during our meal, but they made good on it by subtracting the teas from our bill.Props to the Paris hotel for targeting the gay market.  The BF and I were pleased to be seated next to four family boys during our lunch.  All in all, brunch at Mon Ami Gabi is a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon in Las Vegas.
4	It's simple--great food, amazing view, impeccable service.
5	Do you like a little drama with your soup? Do you want a burger that could make you cry? What about a bloody mary that can be a meal unto itself? Throw in a little bit of a view and you have Mon Ami Gabi! Sure I wanted to sit outside on the patio, under the perfect Las Vegas sun and pretend I was in Paris, but so did everyone else. Second best option sit inside up against the glass windows and enjoy the sun pouring in onto your face. Actually option two was better because the deuce was all ours. We weren't bumping into other tables. What better way to start a Sunday morning brunch than with a bloody mary. Not just any ole bloody mary but the "make it yourself" bloody mary. Bring me half a glass of vodka (yes that is correct) and walk over to the bloody mary fix-it bar to create your little "mary masterpiece". So many different mixes and garnishes. I went with the crisp strips of bacon, pepperoni stick, mandatory celery stick and one caper berry. (I actually went really tacky and piled the bacon in like some of the patrons at the Bellagio buffet do with their plates of food.) Once back at my table I deconstructed the bloody mary and enjoyed each component unto itself. I really didn't need food after this ordeal but I went ahead anyway. The soup of the day was a cream of wild mushroom soup garnished with chanterelle mushrooms and celery root puree. The shallow bowl comes to the table with the garnish smack in the middle and then the show begins. From behind her back the actress (waitress) pulls a large cast iron kettle billowing with steam. From high above she tilts it aiming into my bowl below, pouring the most velvety looking soup ever. Not a drop was splattered and just the right amount surround the garnish perfectly. I have one thing to say: D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S What would have just rounded it out would have been a drizzle of truffle oil. Orgasm! And at last the main course. A perfectly cooked, med rare burger with Gruyere and yes more bacon. All setting nicely on a brioche bun with a side of string fries and cornichorn. OINK! You Betcha!
5	I love the French. Went here for dinner before the O show at the Bellagio. We were late for our reservations but no problem - we were still seated right away. Loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. Dimly lit with dark decor. Totally reminded me of being in a French bistro (and yes, I have been in a real French bistro in France). Started off with the onion soup au gratin which was tasty and ooey gooey cheesy. I liked how they had slices of baguette with the crust still on which gave it great texture and flavor. I have to admit though that it was a tad salty for my liking but I finished it anyway. For our entree, I got the filet with merlot butter and red wine reduction and the fiance got the trout Grenobloise. I got my filet cooked medium and when I got it, it was perfectly cooked. Juicy and fork tender. It literally melted in my mouth. I didn't get to try my fiance's trout however it was a rather large portion and he was very content with his rich and savory dish. I also have to a say that service was superb. They were quite attentive with our drinks with always refilling our glasses when the were getting empty. Also our soup came out in no time and our entrees were also presented to us before we finished our soup. Our waiter was gracious enough to take our entrees back to the kitchen to say warm until we finished our soup. Dining at Mon Ami Gabi was a fantastic experience. Loved every minute and bite that I had. I surely will eat here again on my next trip!
5	Not a bad choice I made for dinner, if I do say so myself.  Directly across from the fountains at the Bellagio,  inside the Paris casino, it's about as European as you can get in Vegas.  It's dark, romantic, and seductive, the waitstaff (or at least our waiter) has excellent manners, and the busboys refill your water regularly, and the prices are very reasonable for the level of service and quality.  An excellent, well-organized, French-style restaurant.  They made a little boo-boo on my girlfriend's order, but from my standpoint it was just about perfect.  Oh, and Betty H. just reminded me of how they put a mini baguette right on the table in the bag - a classy touch, and fresh, tasty bread to boot, with your choice of whipped butter or whipped carrots.  I chose . . . both.You might think that a vegetarian foodie (some of you don't understand that there is such a thing, but I'll let you catch up) wouldn't be able to find anything at a French restaurant, but au contraire, mon frere - they have a vegetarian sampler that is anything but an afterthought.  Garlic spinach, some spicy lentils, asparagus, potatoes au gratin, green beans, and whipped cauliflower . . . it's like someone made your vitamins delicious . . . and I thoroughly enjoyed every bite, and my beat-down-by-Vegas body was reinvigorated.  The wine selection is good, but I opted for the brewed-in-Quebec triple Belgian beer, the Fin du Monde, and like Frank the Tank would say, "It feels so good when it hits your lips . . . so good!"One word of caution, though - the bathroom is out the door inside the casino and around the corner, so depending on where you're sitting, it might be a hike . . . and the water and the wine keep coming . . .
4	The boy was right, and decided at just the right moment to have us sit down and rest our weary feet inside the Paris casino. Hey, if I can't get to Paris itself, at least give me some wine and some fountains to stare at and I'll be happy. Throw in some fancy meat and you may get lucky.The wait staff was nice and accommodating. My water was constantly refilled,and I had no idea how hungry I was until I nearly ate half the free bread on the table myself. I ordered the Salad Maison to start, lured in by the goat cheese crouton. It was your average salad, but very fresh and came with a great balsamic dressing. I can never recreate those at home. I also intended on ordering the roast pork and a lovely glass of Beaujolais, but instead, was given roast chicken and a glass of merlot. The merlot i let slide, but when I want my pork, rotisserie chicken does not suffice! Blame it on my cleavage, I know some people get distracted...but how does "Beaujolais" sound like "Merlot" and hows does Pork Roast, sound like "chicken"? The waiter was also an original Nor Cal native and very nice, so I wasn't bothered. I got a complimentary refill on my merlot and my pork came shortly thereafter. I passed the time munching on the boy's veggie plate--which I did envy. It was gorgeous, full of fresh, seasonal, comfort veggies and he was a member of the clean plate club. Garlic spinach, mashed cauliflower, roasted potatoes etc... delicious.When my roast arrived, I blushed. I called it the "Pork Lollypop" since really, I don't get much fancier than ground turkey or Trader Joe's chicken strips these days on the dole. I was in pork heaven. Nestled gently on a pile of mashed potatoes with succulent roasted carrots wedged on it's sides, this roast was bathed in a savory citrus sauce--like nothing I've ever tasted, and probably won't for a while more. Excellent service, reasonable Vegas prices for food that does not include french fries or gas bubbles and a great decor. It was dimly lit, sexy and I had a view of the Bellagio fountains from the table, minus the 20 degree wind chill factor. Oo la la!
4	The scallops here were the best scallops I've ever  had in my life. What's there more to expound upon?
4	The restaurant was very dark but had a nice view of the strip. Probably a really nice place to eat on the patio during the summer. Decent view of the Bellagio fountain show, even though there are a bunch of big ass trees in the way!! That's all on Bellagio though... Got the hanger steak and it was really good. Escargo was decent as well. Service was ok and so were the prices. Go here for a classy, nice meal for an above average price.
3	I have visited this bistro several times since Paris hotel and casino is one of my favorite casinos to visit when I am in Vegas.  I was also familiar with the original in Chicago.This last visit was not a happy occassion but you can only stand homecooked food for a certain time before you decide to go out when you visit family.The meal itself was good, I had steak dijon well done (as requested)and my partner had the skate.  He had the soup of the day vegetarian style (very good) and I had the salade maison. Overall the whole meal was satisfactory including the drinks.  One note, bistros are normally small in France and in the context of Vegas, nothing is small so this one has a lot of space and its outdoor patio has the view of the dancing fountains of Bellagio.  The service itself is exemplary except for the wait.  The salad and the soup came on a reasonable time but the entree was really a long wait.  In any restaurant, this is not excusable especially for a place not really very crowded.  When you finish the appetizer/soup/salad, you expect the dinner to come at an appropriate time.  Little quibble but prices should reflect overall service, food, timing and other extras.One more thing, great warm bread and always ask for more if you are really enjoying, it will be good for your soup and waiting on the rest of the dinner.No dessert to review, only had espresso. Overall recommended but not highly.
3	Went here for a late dinner (around 10:30pm) on a Friday night. We had wanted to check out the Paris hotel and get a bit to eat and Mon Ami Gabi was one of the only restaurants still open in the hotel. It did take us quite a while to decide what we wanted seeing as the menu is mostly steak and neither me or the bf are quite fond of it. I settled on the lemon chicken, with hesitation because it didn't seem very French but was one of the only things that appealed to me. The bf had the salmon and both turned out to be very good. The mini baguette and butter was also quite tasty and the restaurant is very cute inside. My favorite part of the meal, however, was the sparkling rose', of which I had two glasses.I would recomment Mon Ami Gabi if you are a fan of steak and don't mind paying $30 for it.
3	Full disclosure: I used to work at Harrah's Entertainment, which owns Paris Las Vegas.I wish I liked this restaurant more than I actually do.  Mon Ami used to be my go-to for a good solid dining experience at a reasonable price on the Strip.  I'd get seats outside on the patio, and on a nice LV night, you have a fantastic experience, watching the degenerate LV tourists and having a front row seat to the Bellagio water show.  I have probably been there about half a dozen times.The service is generally very friendly and competent.  The food, in the past, has been quite good.  Prices are mid-level for Las Vegas.  The restaurant is very dark, depending on where you sit, and so it's really difficult to comment on the decor.  However, the last time I ate there (September 2008), the food was cold and took forever.  I had put my name in but waited far longer than expected.  I don't mind dealing with the latter, but the former really made me an unhappy camper, particularly because it's always been so good in the past.  Another disappointment was that the ginger ale that used to be served was very authentic ginger ale, and very tasty.  Unfortunately, that's changed over to cheap Canada Dry-style ginger ale.  An annoying feature - you cannot make reservations in advance.  You basically have to show up and put your name in, then wait around forever.  This of course, delights Harrah's Entertainment, owners of Paris (though the casino does not own Mon Ami Gabi, unlike some of the other eateries on the property).  Based on my last experience, I find myself very hesitant to recommend this restaurant to friends, so I sadly can't very well recommend it on Yelp, can I?  You'll probably do better if the restaurant isn't slammed (we were there on a Saturday night, peak dinner rush this last time).  At least, I hope so.The restaurant is right off the Strip, so expect a nice long walk from the garage.  It can be noisy, and I generally wouldn't characterize it as being a romantic restaurant in a traditional sense (quiet, intimate), but it might be enjoyable if it returns to its roots.
3	Lunch was OK.  I had the soup de jour (lobster bisque) and the smoked salmon appitizer.  It was my first time tasting the soup...I thought it was going to be warm, but it was not warm at all.  The bread was so gooood!  I only way I finished my soup was dipping the bread in it.  I hardly touched my smoked salmon.  It was nothing special.  The patio seating was great!  I enjoyed watching the Bellagio fountian show!  I would come back, but I would not order the same plates.
5	Get a table on the patio.  One of the only places to eat outside in Vegas.  How crazy is that?  Either way this place is quite a find.  The hanger steak is delicious.  Just relax and take in the Bellagio water show across the street.  If God forbid, I ever find myself in Vegas again, I'm eating here.
4	My boyfriend took me here for Valentine's Day and oh man, was it amazing ! As mentioned in the other reviews, the view of the Bellagio Fountains Show is beautiful ! The service was wonderful. We never had to ask for anything. The waitress makes you feel welcomed and special by speaking to you like an actual person rather than JUST a customer. The Shrimp Gabi was savory, melt in your mouth, flavor ! The steak was tender, soft, and so yummy. I don't even like veggies and I enjoyed the green beans ! Don't come here without trying the Shrimp Gabi. Really. Okay ?
3	I came to Mon Ami Gabi for a Sunday brunch. I knew it is gonna be busy, as it was the V-day + President's Day weekend. I made reservation through Opentable. But when I got there, I found out that reservation was only good for inside tables. Outdoor table was walk-in only. Well, we weren't too hungry and the wait was 15 - 30 min, so we waited. The tables were really packed, and they have a heater between every table which made it even more packed. People actually ducked under the heater to get to their seat, which could potentially light their hair on fire.The waitress was pretty friendly and we didn't expect too much given they were busy. The bread that they served was warm and fresh out of the oven. We ordered a French Onion Soup and the Soup du Jour, Lobster Bisque. They were both pretty good. Lots of cheese in the onion soup and they poured the bisque from a pot at the table. Then we had a Bacon Cheeseburger with Bleu Cheese and a Fish and Frites. They were delicious. The pommes frites side was one of the best. Oh, I ordered a latte, and it smelled and tasted extremely well.The ambiance, the food, and the service were not bad. It wasn't amazing, but I enjoyed it. It has a lot of potential. I might come back again for dinner. Hopefully, they won't be as busy.On a side note, there's the thing about people in Vegas. They are rather pretentious and trashy. The table right next to us was really LOUD. The women have big blond hair, and one of the men wore a cowboy hat. Guess where they're from. They were probably one of those people who would stand on the left side of an escalator. I could hear everything they said and I actually had to raise my voice so that my friend can hear me.
5	I love having Sunday Champagne Brunch here..be sure to sit on the patio or the sun room.  They're meal crepes are delicious and perfect after a long weekend of dancing, hard partying, not sleeping, being hungover, and aching feet. And, well I loveeeeee getting their escargot. Came for dinner once awhile back, the food was pretty good and they have a very extensive wine list with a lot of wines that I've very much enjoyed.
5	This is as good as it gets. One of the best meals of my life. We were going to go to the paris buffet, but everyone wasn't hungry enough so opted for Mon Ami Gabi instead on a whim. BEST choice ever.I have never, ever had such flavorful Salmon, such tender roasted pork.But hands down what gives this place a 5 star rating plus my promise to my gluttony to always drop by everytime i'm in Vegas are two things:The savory, melt-in-your-mouth, filet mignon just lightly teased with butter and crushed peppercorns that is so soft and tender the cow must have lived on milk and honey and slept on a bed of buttered clouds its whole life.  The appetizer pan-seared scallops that hide succently in this gorgeous sauce that's soaked with the fragrance of garlic and shallots, draped along the sides with buttery, caramelized onions...the thick, plump, soft white scallops just waiting for me, delicately seared and sitting atop a bed of chunks of crystalized sea salt. oh God.
5	We reserved a table at the restaurant with Opentable.com. The reservation was honored and had a table at the patio as requested. A table at 7:30pm is like a balcony ticket to the water show @ Bellagio. We were able to watch the show 5 times while enjoying our dinner. Food was great. Started with the just-out-of-oven baguette and tasty butter. For appetizers, we had Onion Soup & Escargots. The portion of the soup was huge. For the first time of my life, I couldn't finish the cheese on top--must be a inch of cheese. Escargots was good as well. I decided to order the Roasted Chicken on my way to the table---looked good from the table around. The dish didn't disappoint me. Moist and tender, just the way it should be. The other dish was the steak with red wine sauce--good as well, but would order the strip steak next time. The service is great, especially for a bistro. Attentive and never rushed. The table in front of us was finishing their entree when we arrived and left with us. Great good, great atmosphere and great value.  A must stop in Vegas.
5	The service & food are outstanding.  Fantastic!!
4	I was in Vegas this past weekend for a "Girls Weekend" and we wanted to do some fine dining.We chose Mon Ami Gabi and we're very happy that we did. I had the Onion Soup Au Gratin, Roast Chicken & Frites and the Warm Flourless Chocolate Cake. I also tried my friends Lavender Cauliflower Soup. The chicken was perfectly moist and the skin was crispy and flavorful. The cheese in the French Onion Soup was the best I've ever had. And the cake was very very very chocolately. I probably wouldn't order that again because it was a little too rich for my taste but I still can appreciate how it was prepared.It was a wonderful experience my only complaint is that our waitress forgot our order of Warm Brie. She made up for it with everything else though. She was attentive, polite and professional. She rang up four different bills for us so we wouldn't have to go through the hassle of calculating who owed what. It's a very cute restaurant located at the base of the Eiffel Tower. I recommend trying it at least once.
5	This place is a total steal! If it wasn't so cold, I would have loved to sit outside in the patio. I wanted a lighter dinner...so I opted to stay away from the steak. Instead I ordered fish. Then I realized it's a big fatty piece! Can you say big portions? I loved the tartare sauce for fries. If I wasn't so stuffed, I would have ordered the creme brulee. Must go back! Note: Do not expect to be seated if you just walk in. Make a reservation!
4	This place is pretty awesome! Great outdoor seating with great views of the Bellagio water show.  I've been here for lunch and dinner.  The bread they serve you is warm and good.For lunch, tried the Sea scallops gratinees appetizer and this was soo awesome!! I could've ate the whole dish to myself.  Tender sea scallops filled with tons of carmelized onions and the sauce complemented it soo well! I love the scallops that were more well done with a lil burnt cheese covered on top... YUM!!Also tried the cheeseburger with brie, which was similar to any other burger.  The fries here were french style and super thin.  Not my thing since the'yre wayy too oily.The chicken and gruyere crepes were good.  The frisee salad it comes with is tiny though.  The dough is heavy, so I just ended up eating all the chicken inside, which was pretty tender.Frangria is just like sangria... nothing new here.For dinner, the salmon & spinach salad was good.  Decent salmon fillet.  Orange and grapefruit pieces went well with the salad.The french style steaks were awesome!! Large portion cooked to order! The steak bordelaise with onions and red wine sauce was soo good! The steak bearnaise was the same!  However, I wasn't as fond of this sauce.  Overall, the food is great!  Service was on and off.  The atmosphere was very nice, and the scenery was one of the best....  Watching the bellagio water shows in a french inspired atmosphere, what more can u ask for!! :D
4	Love this FRENCH restaurant & their outside patio.  After a night of debauchery in SIN CITY, definitely recommend to come here for breakfast before departing this scandalous city whom we all love!!  Make sure to sit outside if the weather permits; "outdoor heaters", baby!!!.  I was there in January and ordered their scrumptious eggs benedict and munching on countless FRESH BAGUETTE served with SOFT BUTTER while enjoying the view of Bellagio infamous "water" spitting fountain :)  I had dinner there back in 2004....bad memory, so can't remember what I ordered...solly!! Can tell you it was good if not, I would not be coming back every time I visit :P
4	Except for the long wait for an outside table (first come, first served - we waited 90 minutes), this was a truly memorable evening. It was the view of the fountains at the Bellagio that stimulated my interest in Mon Ami Gabi - after looking it up on Yelp, I made a reservation (not knowing that the terrace was not reservable). We did eventually get a table right at the railing, with a great view of the fountains. The food and service was exactly as described on Yelp! We started with the Escargots de Bourgogne - when we asked our attentive and very friendly waitress what escargots tasted like, she said "garlic". If you like garlic, this is for you! We used the remainder of our fresh bread to soak up the sauce. The bread and butter with a shaved carrot topping was grand. We also had the Butter Lettuce Salad, which was fresh and tasty. For main courses, we both had steak, mine was Steak Bordelaise, the other was Steak Roquefort. I got mine with the Frites, which were 1/4" wide, paper-thin, and crispy. My intention was just to taste them, as they were highly recommended by our waitress, but I ended up finishing them. Sheryl substituted vegetables for her fries - she had garlic spinach which she loved. The steaks were good, thin and a little tough as French steaks usually are. No desert - too much food - but great coffee!! Overall, we went for the view and stayed for the food. A grand evening, not soon to be forgotten!
4	Solid place - good food - nice people - eat outside if you can, you will thank me later,  would have gotten 5 stars if they had other than european wines on the wine list.   Perhaps we should have brought our wine?
5	YES YES YES.so me and 9 of my friends were in vegas this past weekend for triple bday bash. i made reservations for mon ami gabi because a friend had recommended it to me and said it was excellent and excellent it was. i'm sooo glad we came here.things that made this place great:1) waitress/service!2) great cozy atmosphere.. casual/fancy-ish without the awkward silence/stuck up feel of a super fancy vegas restaurant...3) great wine selection - i got the pinot gris and also tried the chardonnay4) ordered the steak classique - YUM. the butter they put on top of my perfectly cooked steak was RIDICULOUSLY GOOD...5) the warm baguette and butter they give you before the meal 6) SCALLOPS = GET THEM. they have them as an appetizer if you don't want the entree... please get.7) our friends told the waitress we were celebrating bdays so she gave me and my 2 friends complimentary profiteroles - so good! waitress was so sweet!8) salmon.9) affordable prices for quality quality food - our bill came out to be around 450, we all had entrees, some even ordered appetizers.. and we all ordered wine. all my friends LOVED this restaurant. thanks mon ami gabi for a great bday dinner :) i'd come here over a fancy steakhouse any day...
4	It's ironic that the sunniest, most pleasant place to eat a meal should be in Las Vegas, but so it is. Authentic faux-French finish to everything in the very best Las Vegas style, unoriginal American-versioned bistro fare (steak frite, mussels, steak tartare, seared ahi salad), mostly-french wine list with an unusual number of wines by the glass . The single best server to ever serve me served me here, and the single best oyster experience I've ever had I've had here. Three times.Wines are around $10 per glass, food is around $20+ per lunch entree.
4	I had a great brunch with some girlfriends at Mon Ami Gabi last weekend. The mushroom crepe was amazing, but the "salad" they mention in the menu is actually less than a normal place's plate dressing.  Honestly, not a salad.  The French sangria (frangria) was good enough I got a carafe and finished most of it myself (although that could have just been the mood we were in).  We were seated outside with shade so weren't too hot or too cold and until some jerk started smoking towards the end of our experience it was perfect.  The waitress was clearly a pro and very friendly.
4	ok you redeemed yourself.watching the bellagio fountain show at night, at this outdoor poopy french "bistro" at the Paris,  makes inhaling the sucky faux french food almost worth it...wish it was a thai restaurant, though. seriously...french food sucks. people with no tastebuds eat here, with glee...tee hee... bland bland bland... peuuuu...pepe le peuuu bland...oooh la la...oh look it's escargot dear..... isn't that like a snail? so what if it's uncooked and still crawling around on the plate...if it's ok with the french it must be refined...let's inhale a snail...& the pinot gris...whatever we can't pronounce...mmmmmm it's so rubbery and delish!note: wowwww, my diet soda was like dope dude
4	I had dinner here with my husband and some friends while in town for March Madness. The group size changed a couple times and the staff rolled with it and moved the whole table to accommodate the larger party.  And they were full with a long wait at the time.The waitress was amazing.  Several in the party wanted a glass of wine but didn't know what so were looking for suggestions (note: only French wines here, no CA ones.)  She went out of her way to bring over 4 different bottles of wine (opening 2 of them just for us) for them to taste.  And did it all with a smile.   I wasn't that hungry so only had the butter lettuce salad and the mac and cheese (macaroni gratin) on the appetizer menu but I LOVED them both. I had a taste of my husband's steak (Steak Classique) and it was delicious.  Everyone else seemed to thoroughly love their food as well.  We were too stuffed to try dessert - but I will save room next time!If you sit outside or near the front window, you can see the Bellagio fountains so that is very nice.I dislike most things French (cheese and bubbly are noted exceptions but really...still done better in CA) but this was quite yummy without the attitude at most French restaurants (yes, Masa's in SF I am talking to you.)I would definitely come back here on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Maybe I'm easy to please, but set a generous portion of duck liver pate in front of me and I'm a happy, happy girl.  Give me a perfectly cooked (medium rare) steak with garlic spinach and whipped cauliflower and it's over...get out of the way, I am eating my ass off.  Oh, a little duck breast appetizer? Why thank you very much.  Your delicious entrees go for a reasonable $23 on average??  For a fancy restaurant, I think that's pretty good.  Me and my three friends split 3 appetizers, had 4 entrees, a side of spinach, bottle of wine and two beers.  I only paid $55 before tip, splitting the bill four ways.  Oh, and did I mention we saw Sig, captain of the Northwestern, from Deadliest Catch.  Yep, we did.
5	I had my vegas moment here.  We had 9:30 reservations at Mon Ami Gabi, and we arrived at 9pm and were able to immediatly be seated outside on the patio with a table against the railing and were able to both sit so wer could watch the amazing views of the strip and the bellagio water show.  Our waiter, Chris, was there and attentive with a warm bagguette and a carrot salad that my girlfriend loved, I only got one bite.  Next Chris suggested a bottle of wine which was perfect.  We started with Duck Confit, which was amazing the tastes and textures were unbelievable.  We both ordered steaks which were perfect.  Here you can order the cut of meat then any of the sauces you want, these steaks were great.  and the frittes cannot be described you need to have these.We were not rushed through our meal, nor did we wait on any of the courses, Chris kept our wine glasses full and was very nice.  We savored our meal for 2 hours as we watched the bellagio water show 5 or 6 times, and the river of people on the sidewalk would be worth it to watch anytime.  This is hands down my favorite resturaunt on the strip, it is perfectoh and it was a little windy last night but the angles of the building and the heaters made it just fine to wear a short sleeved shirt.
3	Nice cafe with a view of Bellagio's water fountain.  Service was just ok - didn't feel the waitress put in effort as we had a group of 5 and that's mandatory gratuity charged.  Good location and atmosphere.** Burger: juicy** Quiche: runny and too soft** Skate: good texture and size** Seafood stew: tasty
4	Almost as good as it gets!!! Very good steak frites and escargot. I recommend waiting a bit to eat the snails -- let them marinate in that yummy garlic butter sauce while you munch on some baguette.Our waiter was great. He was one of those detail-oriented guys. He was looking for spots on wine glasses and I even saw him straighten some forks on the table next to us. He was kind enough to write down the name of the wine for us.Great wine... Great service... We were seated immediately...Everything was fabulous, but it's still not as good as being in the Latin Quarter in Paris! Best escargot EVER!
4	Went to Mon Ami this weekend with a group of 6 girls. We waited over 45 minutes to sit in the Pavillion area when we had reservations at 9pm.They sat us at a VERY small round table in the middle of the walkway, which was uncomfrotable. The patio door was open which isnt so bad but they also had the AC on blast. Helloo its almost 10pm and it was 60 degrees outside!Our waiter. Such a miss. I asked if Marlin was working that night and he wasnt ;( Our waiter was TERRIBLE. He was unattentive, flat out ignored us, took forever, wasnt professional and really didnt have a good persoanlity. Smile a little!The worst were the slow bustboys. They left us with our dirty plates for too long, reached across the table to serve food and lifted plates ABOVE my head to clear things away. Derfinately not ok in our book. The food was generally very good as always. Their special of fish in Saffron sauce was NOT good and we sent it back. Luckily that was refunded on the bill. Steaks, frite, and desserts (Creme Brulee and Flourless Chocolate Cake were VERY good). I will definately come again because its worth it. This night was just a miss because of the waiter. Next time, Im calling ahead for Marlins shift.
4	3 stars for the food, but I have to give it an extra star for the view of the strip!  We sat right on the patio and had a wonderful view of the Bellagio and of the attractive (and at times not so attractive) people walking by the strip!  The burgers here are good, but don't try the crepes--very flavorless!  I highly recommend ended your meal with a latte!  It was the best latte I've ever had!!!!
4	I dined here for lunch last week with my wife during one of the few days there was sun out.  As I have frequently dined at the Mon Ami Gabi in Bethesda, Maryland, I pretty much knew what to expect - good food and service. (unlike my experience at Les Halle in Washington DC, where I had excellent food and an asshole for a waiter)  I can easily say that Mon Ami did not disappoint.After about a 20 minute wait, we were sat outside.  Immediately, fresh bread was brought to our table and our drink and food orders were placed (when in France, order Kronenbourg).  Our food arrived promptly. I had the mushroom quiche which I thoroughly enjoyed an my wife had the chicken and gruyere cheese crepe, which was tasty as well.   The restaurant is also across the street from the Bellagio, so we were treated to two fountain shows (one of which was Frank Sinatra...it doesn't get better than that). In all, a great place to enjoy an outdoor lunch on a nice, sunny day.
4	I have eaten here a number of times (now it is a regular stop each time I come to Vegas). I can honestly say I have never had a bad meal and the prices I find very reasonable for what you get. By no means is this gourmet dining, but I do have to say it is as good as it gets for the price you are paying in Vegas. It is a lively atmosphere with a friendly waiting staff.The last time I was there, I had the flattened pepper steak and their Steak frites (I cannot remember the exact name off the menu) with a side of green beans. That was plenty for me. They have a very nice selections of wine by the glass, and again, fairly reasonable. The service is great and I  strongly encourage anyone coming to this restaurant to have a reservation as there is a line up to get in and you will have to wait.
5	First time visit last weekend. We were a party of 18. I had the steak au poivre. OH SOO YUMMY! The sauce was to die for. THE FRIES.. you have never had fries like this.. and they went so well with the sauce. Someone ordered the muscles and the sauce and the muscles were also delicious!The French baguettes they serve with your meal was great. WE had Different sides and all were good. We ordered a few desserts and also all were devoured..I conducted a survey of our party of 18 and everyone LOVED THE PLACE!The service was great too.Place is a bit noisy, though I am sure our party added to the noise!You can sit outside and have a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains!Bon Appetit!
4	The food was great but I have to agree with Dallas H. on the service. Boo. The best service we got was from the water and bread girl. She smiled at us, told us what to order and was, with her limited English, much more helpful than our English-speaking server.Our waiter was incredibly haughty. Give me a break, dude. You know it's a problem if I leave a restaurant and have had only had one drink. The one drink I was able to order was very tasty, however, and it probably did Brian a favor seeing how I would not get in a taxi without a drink for our entire stay in LV (Read: Johnna was drunk for the length of our stay.) God, I loved drinking in the taxi more than anything. I even tried to bring my drink into Fashion Mall and Brian said no. Anyway, back to what you came here for.As I was saying the service was crappy. We weren't checked on at all, but luckily, the filet (once it finally came out,) was really, really, really fucking good and prepared properly. I even took a picture of it. They served it with some delicious crispy fries in a shape I've never seen-like thin fry strips. I would have loved these lightly drizzled with a vinaigrette or sprinkled with sea salt. They need to edit this side in some way to make it more special.Overall, our meals were absolutely delicious-but  the best steak we had in Vegas wasn't here... that bad boy was in another hotel restaurant in the Venetian. I'll be getting to that.Couples, this is where you go for some Vegas ambiance. Sit out on the patio at night in April; the weather is divine. If you get a seat on the street edge, you will have a full view of the Bellagio fountains-unless you are seated at the only table with bush right in front of it. WTF. That's OK. I got to stare at my sweetheart and the somewhat interesting male couple to my right. Unfortunately, we could hear Celine Dion from our table. This is why the waiter needs to bring me another drink, or at least check to see that we're still alive.OK, points to remember about Mon Ami Gabi:1. Sit outside, weather permitting.2. Bring a hot date/boyfriend/lover.3. Ask the busser/water girl what to order.4. Don't expect great service.Loved it, but can't get over the pissy service... minus one star.
4	If you can, sit out on the patio. From your table, you should be able to see the Bellagio fountain show while sipping bellinis.  We had to wait a bit for a table (lunch) but it was worth it.  The quality of food was outstanding...I highly recommend the quiche.
5	Whenever I visit Vegas I ALWAYS make sure I go here!  They have such good food!  Kinda pricey, but worth it!  They have great food, great service!  If you plan to go, be sure to call ahead though and make reservations!  Ask to sit outside if you can!  Usually a longer wait, but again worth it!  Best time is during the summer months when its warm at night!
4	Just went this weekend.Made a reservation  for 5 through open table.The food was good.I had the escargots which were okay.... and the french onion soup , this one... delicious but a little bit too big?:)My friends had the chicken and the filet au proive... the french fries were really good.What I like the most was the ambiance, and the location.  We got a table close to the outside, it wasn't cold nor too warm.The best thing was their wine list.  We had 5 different glasses.  I had a sauvignon blanc and my hubby the pinot.... it was really good.I love escargot but it was a big disappointment, it was tender but the flavors were just okay.Will go back again. Make sure you reserve before you go.... if not you will be waiting and waiting...:)
4	Gabi, you can be mon ami!My friends dumped the responsibility of picking a dinner place on me (whoo hoo..) - thank you eavesdropping taxi driver for suggesting you, Mon Ami Gabi, at the Paris.  You have steak, seafood, salad, soups.. perfect!And, you were a good choice!  Everyone loved their food.  Two of us had the Halibut special, one of us got the Steak Au Poive, another the Steak Bordelaise, one order of the Roast Chicken, and an order of the Thyme-Seared Salmon (which, I would totally recommend, it was delicious!).  I don't think anyone left any food on their plate.  The only thing I was disappointed with though, is your French Onion soup.  You're a French restaurant.   French Onion soup is, well, French.  Oh, how could you mess that up?  Good thing it was one of the first things I had, so that I could forget about it when I dove into my main entree.Other than that, the view of the Bellagio fountains and your not-so-crazy prices, make you worth eating here.
4	i'm a local and had never been so when out of town guests came to visit i figured i'd give it a shot - it was great all three times i was there (within a 2 week period) had lunch - croque monseiur (i'm sure i spelled it wrong) which is a french grilled ham and cheese - yummy! also had the duck leg confit, onion soup, filet au poivre (ok not all at the same time) and then had  breakfast on a sunday morning and sat on the patio which was fabulous -i ordered the chocolate and bacon waffle - i know sounds weird but the sweet/savory combo was fantastic....also, lots of hot fresh coffee.  so for a touristy place, it was reasonably priced, the service was good and so was the food - plus the people watching can't be  beat...give it a try - its not Paris, France but it's pretty close.
2	The food was is the 3.5-4* range (and come hungry, because there is a lot of it), but I'm docking you major marks for some seriously bad service. We were super rushed and the attitude from our waiter was a pain (look if you can't even fake a smile, maybe you should go home). By the end we were happy to get out of there. Too bad, because I loved my scallops and I liked the french onion soup even it was too heavy on the gruyere (hint: layer of cheese on the top, not 50% by volume).
4	Love it...kinda fakeishly Parisien...:Food - 4  starsService - 4 starsPerformace/Cost - 4.5 starsDefinitely the kind of a restaurant that I'd like to spend my Friday nights.  We made a reservation for 7pm and were seated right away.  We had requested the outside seating but actually wanted to be inside since there was too much construction outside right next to Bellagio.  But we were seated just inside with a tantalizing view of the Bellagio and the water show.  Sweet.We started the evening with some cocktails, shrimp cocktails, and some pate, just enough to get us tipsy and get hungry for the steak.All three of us order steak frites - mine was perfect, the hanger steak was perfectly cooked to medium and the fries were excellent.  We took in a bottle of 2004 Silver Oak Cab with us...a beautiful complement to our steaks.  We had to run out since we were in a hurry to make it to our show, but it was a wonderful experience.  I'm shying away from giving a 5 since the presentation of the food could be better and the restaurant was a bit loud.  But it's a French bistro, what more can I expect?I'll definitely be back here for more!
4	We went here for dinner and it was great, the service was spectacular as was the meal and appetizers.  Very good selection of wine as well.  The roast chicken is highly recommended.
4	Location, location, location. When we came here Thursday morning I was lucky that I made a reservation for breakfast with outdoor seating which by the way oversees the Bellagio fountains, unfortunately at that time in the morning the fountain show did not being but it was still nice to see the Bellagio and people watch. Ok, now to the food. I ordered the eggs Benedict which was really good. I had mentioned it before that for me what makes a good sandwich is good bread and this was gooood bread. The side of potatoes was just ehh. To wash down the Benedict I had a mimosa which was nothing special but it was suited the moment, Vegas 85 degrees (ha it was 9am) with great company in a great location. The service was great we never had an empty cup of coffee and I mean NEVER. The wait staff was very accommodating with any questions we had. Next time I would like to come here for dinner with outdoor seating. For that I would probably have to make reservations a week in advance. When walking by here at night it was jammed packed at night.
4	Okay, so I'm probably not a prime candidate to make an interesting review of Mon Ami Gabi, but what the heck... the reason being is that I had their cheeseburger... it was awesomely awesome!  Some of the other items had at our table were, fish, filet mignons, chicken, vegetarian and salad.  Everyone said that they liked the food and the presentation was great!  My burger was really tender and cooked to perfection, the bun was tender (a bit big), I had mine with gruyere cheese and that was a nice touch and added some great flavor.  The main reason that I wanted to write this review is to rave about the fries (or frittes I believe they're called)... they're the craziest thing ever!  They were like a hybrid of a french fry and a potato chip, but soft, yet crunchy... I can't even explain it, they were so good I could have had a meal just entirely of those!  I also did try my wife's hanger steak and it wasn't too bad either, tender and juicy for  sure!  Their menu was smaller and not a lot of dishes that stood out to me... I really didn't give it a thorough read over, because I was in the mood for a big ol' juicy messy sloppy burger!Overall, really cool atmosphere, nice and friendly servers/waitstaff  and excellent fries.....
4	good mushroom omelette. Great bloody mary bar.  Selection of vodka + pickapepper, louisiana green wasabi hot sauce, some other good one i'd never tried, worchestershire, too kinds of mix, straight tomato and some other premixed (with anchovies!) very good, asparagus, celery, red and green jalapenos, olives, horseradish, pickled ginger, salami sticks (no thanx for me but you might like!), tomatos etc.  Only missing: green beans, lemon (for a small squeeze on top) and cocktail shrimp.  Outdoor dining available but get their early or tip for a table!  give this joint a try. also in Chicago (and perhaps elsewhere).  At Paris Hotel & Casino.
4	As Peggy Hill observed in her neighbors backyard hot tub while eating cut squares of american sliced cheese, "This must be what Paris is like."Just kidding. I like this place though. I had the steak frites with bearnaise sauce. Very delish. The frites were just the right amount of salty and crispy. Baked cheese appetizer was warm and cheesy and pretty amazing. We sat on the inside (to avoid the 1 hr wait to sit outside), but they sat us literally 10 feet from the open windows with our chairs facing out, towards the Bellagio water show. Great service and pretty decent prices for Vegas.  Am now curious to try lunch there...
4	We go here every time we are in Vegas! We love to sit outside and watch the people and fountains. The food and wine is always good. This time I had a simple soup and salad - French Onion was excellent and the salad was the blue cheese on frissee that was okay. I ordered a white Bordeaux - my favorite white - but they had to substitute the wine and it was just okay. This dinner will take about 2-3 hours so enjoy the time and scenery!
5	I came to Mon Ami Gabi with a local restaurant manager who knew people so my experience may have been better than average.  Our meal was perfect, our service was great, and our prime seat outside at the railing on The Las Vegas Strip made the scenery priceless.I didn't order.  Neither did my friend.  We just let the waiter take control.  He brought salads, appetizers, and delicious steaks all paired with various wines.  This was very nice because I certainly don't go that deep normally.  And then there was dessert...everything was perfect.  The only thing they didn't provide that I could have used was a complimentary Rascal scooter to help me back to the hotel.  I was stuffed.I came back for drinks a 2nd time and had a nice experience at the bar.  The place as a whole is more on the formal side, but I went in casual attire once and didn't feel uncomfortable.Mon Ami Gabi (Moan ahmee gahbee is how I say it) is located inside the Paris hotel.  It is toward the front of the property, but you cannot enter from The Strip.  You must walk into the casino to gain access.  Don't try to jump the rail outside if you have had too much to drink as that would be tres uncool.  The outdoor seating is unique and is highly recommended unless it is during the day or raining.  I went on a hot night and sat outside, but didn't feel hot.Park for free in the hotel lot if you have a car.
4	This is the very first restaurant I dined at while in Vegas; we went on a Monday night around 8pm and while there was a 30-45 min wait for outdoor dining, there was no wait time for inside (so of course, being starved from traveling, we opted for the quickest way).  They start you out with very tasty crusty bread and butter and a coleslaw-type salad which is very refreshing.  I ordered a special lemon tarragon halibut which was fantastic, and my friend ordered a salad with salmon and citrus (she said that it was very delicious with a nice large portion of salmon).  Our waiter was very attentive and my water glass was refilled very quickly.....I will definitely eat here again, as I REALLY want to try the steak, and hopefully next time I will be able to sit outside and watch the fountain show @ the Bellagio :)
5	HANDS DOWN, THIS is my favorite restaurant in all of Vegas & it has been for years. I've been coming to Vegas since I was a bump in my moms tummy. So no I don't really categorize myself as a tourist. I've been to several restaurants and I gotta say i LOVE this restaurant. My love distribution is 80% location and 20% food.This is possibly the BEST LOCATED restaurant in all of Vegas, if you're a people watcher. It's a classy restaurant right in front of Paris LITERALLY ON THE STRIP, facing the Bellagio water show. You have the option of eating indoors (being boring) or outdoors (where all the action is) on a semi-elevated platform/balcony where all the tourist are walking and passing you by. It's exactly how several restaurants are in real Paris, which YES I have actually been to FRANCE. The only difference is that you watch all the crazyness of drunken pedestrians/traffic, watch the singing water show across the street and watch the advertising trucks with pictures of almost-naked hookers. It's great! lolThe food is pretty good and pricey and that's fine with me. It's mostly different types of steaks and frites. The drinks are pretty strong as well. The special cocktails they make aren't so strong, so just order your regular drinks like you would at a normal full bar. You're bill could possibly freak you out at the end, which it always does with me.If you want to impress a first-timer in Vegas, this is definitely the place you wanna go. You get good food, enjoy the freak show of people walking or driving on the strip AND they have great views of the strip which is good for pictures.I can go on about this place forever...
5	I've been to Mon Ami Gabi three more times since my initial review and this has definitely become my go-to restaurant when I'm in Vegas and I want a guaranteed good meal for a moderate price. If you can, I highly recommend dining on the patio - you can't request it when you make a reservation, but when you check in, they will ask. My favorite dish is the sea scallop dinner - I've had it twice and it has not disappointed. The scallops are always cooked perfectly and you get six. The scallop appetizer was fine, but the entree is by far the better choice. The baked cheese appetizer which I had this past weekend when I dined at Mon Ami Gabi with two friends was a big winner with our group, but how can you go wrong with goat cheese and tomato sauce? I am not a big dessert person, but the chocolate mousse is amazing.Service is always very friendly and attentive. When my friend's steak on Saturday night wasn't cooked exactly how she wanted, our server got it taken care of right away. Before tip, I always seem to spend around $40 which includes wine (either a glass or a portion of a bottle), my meal, and maybe a portion of dessert. I never leave disappointed and will go back to Mon Ami Gabi on another trip.
5	WOW, This place is amazing, especially at night with all the lights. Great for a date or with friends. You get a great view of Bellagio's water show. Man, talk about romantic. The service is great, maybe because my group had an awesome waiter... (apparently he DJs on the side)! Shout out to him if he reads this! So they provide a baguette to munch on while you wait for your food. The fries are great because they aren't your average fries. They are cut differently and lightly salted. MMMM good. I'd highly recommend the trout grenobloise. I am lactose intolerant so they customized it to my dietary restrictions. And it was still delicious!!! My friend had the pork tenderloin. Boy was it tender! Again, I'd recommend the trout and the fries. Surprisingly, this place is pretty affordable considering its smack dab on the strip. I'm a frugal person so to spend 19 bucks on dinner... I can't complain. Plus the portions are pretty generous. So this place does deserve the 5 stars. I hope to come back here soon or at least hope that they bring it out to San Diego!
4	Wonderful experience. We decided to go to dinner last minute before the 10:30pm show of "O". We tried to get a patio table, but it was a 30 min wait. So they gave us the next best thing: table bordering the patio. It was an awesome view, I would say it's better than being out on the patio. We just went this past weekend and it was unseasonably cool and pleasant for Vegas. Bellagio fountains and weather made for a great dinner. We had the escargots to start. It was decent, I say too much butter. I had the bone-in ribeye with a side of Macaroni Gratin. The steak could have been more flavorful, but still good. The Mac gratin was very good. Service by Matt was good as well. The restaurant has a great ambiance and that's what makes this place. Go, the food is decent and the view is unlike any other.
4	Walked in on a sunday night without reservations and had an AWESOME table!  ( we we're not outside but sitting right at a huge open Window with a mostly unobstructed view of the bellagio fountains)the service was awesome - the waiter was great, always had a smile and always realllly attentive, I loved that!The food : it was a mere " Meh!"  Although, i would like to come back and try something else. I had a New York strip - didnt really like the crispy potatoes they were served with, the macaronni gratin was way too rich, and the steak tasted like a shoe!! I think theses people rely too much on their " sauces" and dont really give much thought to the actual  beef.Thankfully, i ate almost a whole baghette before the steak came so i was satisfied!! lol. Next time I visit this restaurant it will be for  lunch , and ill try a burger or sandwhich. 4 stars for the service, the ambiance and the service and the service! definitely will be coming back...
5	There's really one thing that makes this place - the patio, which is right across the street from the Bellagio. It's a perfect dining spot. The one thing to keep in mind is that the patio is first come/first served, so you may want to stop by just before (or as) they open if you don't want to sit around waiting.Fortunately, the food is also very tasty. Both times I've been there I had some form of a steak, which, of course, is served with fries. The fries are cut very thin, very crispy, a tad on the greasy side, and oh so very tasty. Spend the extra few dollars for the filet rather than going with the normal strip steak they serve.The service is very solid - very good, quasi-high class but not snooty.And for the location and food I think the prices are rock solid. Just a few dollars more than the Outback down the street.Whenever people ask where to have dinner in Vegas I always recommend this place.
5	Great for Breakfast too.  The service was the best I had on my whole trip and the breakfast so yummy. I couldn't stop eating the toast. It was the best toast I have ever had. Big thick slices.  Even the jam was like homemade. I know it is only toast but it was so good. I had the Eggs & Beef Bourguignon, bacon, mushrooms, pearl onions for $11.50. The eggs where pouched and huge. I think they might have been duck eggs. Very rich dark yokes like free range grass feed poulty give you. The stew was very rich and tasty. Coffee is great and my server was always there to fill it up. I also ordered the flaky Pain Au Chocolat for $3.50.  My husband had the made by scratch blueberry waffles for $10.95. He said they where the best he has had. Looking at other people plates made me wanting to try it all. Next trip for sure.
4	another great experience here... yummy bloody mary... good crusty bread and real butter... I had the salad with poached egg, bacon, and house vinaigrette... I just wish I had more bread to sop up that yolky, vinegary goodness at the end... pom frites excellent.. oh also had the crabcake, very good with a really good cole slaw... (vinaigrette instead of mayo)... the atmosphere is really nice too, classy but not stuffy... our waiter was ok but we had another waiter coming over and joking with us, etc, so it made up for it.
4	One of my go-to spots when I'm in Vegas.  Not too fancy, good food, nice outdoor patio right across from the Bellagio fountains.  The seafood crepes are awesome.  They technically are not on the menu for some reason, but they'll still make them for you if you ask.  My only complaint to the staff would be: Please turn off your gas-lit lights when it's 100 degrees outside and sunny.  I literally thought my face was going to melt into my delicious beer.  But I still love you.
5	One of my favorite places to dine when I'm in las vegas and las vegas is like a second home to me since I'm here so often...The food is excellent but its the charm of the outdoor seating area with the awesome view of the bellagio water show at night that makes it so special...Defintiely worth a try...bon apetit!
3	being a big fan of French food, i was really looking forward to eating here. maybe it was eating at 4pm, or maybe i was just not feeling the food that day. i thought this place was okay. i just thought it was nothing special or out of the ordinary, something i could've easily eaten in LA and didnt have to be in Vegas to get.started off with Escargots de Bourgogne ($10.50). was pretty good. dipped the bread in the leftover garlic herb butter.. yum! :) got the skate fish ($22.95) for my main course. it was good.. had capers, which i liked. it came with chips, which became soggy from sitting in the sauce that the fish was sitting on. the fish was pretty tender, but also a tad lacking in flavor. maybe that was what the capers were for? the reisling i had went well with the fish though.dont get me wrong, the food wasnt bad. i actually had a taste of my friend's pork tenderloin and it was REALLY good. it just didnt seem to live up to the hype that i'm reading here. keep in mind we also sat inside, so maybe that took away from the experience of eating on the patio and overlooking the strip.
4	Yay for Mon Ami GabiService: 4.5Food: 4.5View: 5 (from where we were sitting)Portion in proportion to price: 4Decor: 4That's my overall breakdown for everything. What a great place! My boyfriend & I came here on our last night in Vegas. We requested outdoor seating and we lucked out with, what I think is, the best seating. We got the corner seating with a PERFECT view of the Bellagio watershow and didn't have numerous people walking back and forth right in front of us. We ordered the pate, salmon, steak bearnaise (?), french onion soup. Everything was delicious, very decent sized portions and very filling. I would go into more detail but I'm too lazy. Basically, you can't fail with any of these choices. The atmosphere was pretty interesting. Right when you walk into the restaurant, it's pretty dim and seems more like a romantic setting but as you walk toward the outdoor seating, the atmosphere gets more lively. Or maybe that was just my take on it all.Basically, this is a great place for a date or even for a group to come here. Sitting outside is awesome (but be sure to do it later in the evening when it isn't scorching hot).
4	We had reservations for our party of almost 30 people for our 30th Birthday Celebration. They put us in our own room looking out at the Bellagio fountains. Couldn't have asked for a better location for our party. The leader of our group had negotiated a set menu for a very reasonable price (4 courses $65). For spitting out masses amounts of food, the food was Very Good. We had crabcakes for one of our courses that was definitely one of the best Crabcakes ever! Lots of Crab! I picked the scallops as my entree (over mashed cauliflower), other than the scallops being a tidbit over cooked it was really good. Dessert: Choc Cake = Awesome! Decent cocktails! Service was on point! Overall a Very Good Experience!
5	great restauant! food all tastes great. i had escargot, and some sort of seafood ensamble with pureed vegetable, i think it was scallop. it was super good. i came here with a large group of friends and everyone loved thier food. one thing that stuck out the most... THE FRENCH BREAD! lol all the girls ate it and asked for more and more. this place has the best outdoor seating in vegas next to LAVO! I like this place for casual dinner.
5	Had breakfast there. Nice outdoor seating. Great view. Quite inexpensive. Was not packed at 11AM on Sunday, while many other breakfast placeses had very long lines.French toast was to die for. Definitely worth the money and beats any buffet as a breakfast option.
5	I had a great lunch over the weekend.After a night of partying, I needed a place to relax and people watch. In the 100+ degree weather, we sat down to a nice lunch watching the fountains. The water mist helped keep the heat at bay.My hamburger was great. Service was great. Sitting outside was the best. Forget eating buffets 24/7 in Vegas. Their portions are big and the atmosphere itself is worth 5 stars.
5	I took my wife and 6-year old to this place last week, our desired buffet place across the street had an hour wait. We were very impressed with the service, food, selection, atmosphere and overall value. We went on a Sunday night, 6 minute wait to be seated. I had the chicken dinner with asparagas-excellent! It was kid-friendly, the kids menu had a great selection as well. I highly recommend this place if your tired of the usual meals in Vegas.
4	I love this place, me and the gf went here and it was awesome. We sat inside and the atmosphere was crazy. Just buzzing. We both had the classic steak frites and it was an awesome piece of meat. Next time I would love to sit outside across from the Bellagio. I put in the reservations that we were celebrating our anniversary and the waiter gave us a free cheesecake. It was an awesome experience.
4	I love this place!! Context: I was visiting my friend in Vegas for a couple of days and she asked me what I wanted for dinner right before my flight out. My request was simple: "Somewhere outdoors with a view of the strip where we can chill, drink, eat some good food and people watch." Surprisingly, there was only one place that fit my demands: Mon Ami Gabi!Apprehensively we drove over to Paris expecting a wait at the restaurant that would damper the plans but surprisingly most of the outdoor seating was available when we showed up at around 5:00 pm. We got a prime seat outside facing the Bellagio. Picture this: sangria, setting sun, water show, slight breeze with beautiful weather. Ah...Vegas - you gotta love it.We ended up ordering the escargot (delicious) and the skate wing (kind of fishy flavored, a bit disappointing) to share. However, I gotta admit that the whole experience was not really about the food, more about the ridiculously relaxing and beautiful experience.So again I say: I love love love this place. Usually when I'm in Vegas I'm just too hungover and in pain and I'm so glad we stopped in at Mon Ami Gabi to just stop for a second, chill, and experience the good life =)
5	I love it here! The best time to go is in the late evening for dinner, when you can sit outside and watch the Bellagio Fountain show and people watch as you are enjoying your meal here. The steak and fries are just wonderful here, and the service is attentive. The atmosphere is almost 5 stars in itself!
3	We were strolling along the strip and since nocthing else seemed to be open, we decided to give this place a shot. The one thing I loved about this place is that it is right across the Bellagio water show. That was lovely. The food here is good. Their baked cheese is to die for :) The waitress was really nice she even offered to take our picture after we were finished eating. Maybe we will be back.
5	One of 'Vegas' few civilized spots.  Very good food, fair prices, great ambiance and nice views of the water show right across the Strip at Bellagio.Tip: No matter how long they tell you the wait is to sit outside, you can just walk out there on your own and sit at the outside bar.
5	Been to Mon Ami Gabi seven or eight times and love it! This is my favorite place to eat at the Paris. Even better if you are lucky enough to get outdoor seating - a great view of the Belagio water show.Highlights of the meal - the wonderful escargots... And the filet mignon in merlot butter. The merlot butter is so effin good - I promise it makes your steak unbelievable!!  Mon Ami is a must stop shop in Vegas if you are kicking it a Wei Pari...
5	I've always been a fan of Lettuce Entertain You restaurants, and Mon Ami Gabi is no different.  Service and food is excellent and it is a pretty good value, considering (NY Strip for $30? That is about 20-50% less than most other steak places).  Decor is dim and French in style, and the view out the front leads right to the fountains of the Bellagio, which provide ample entertainment on 30 minute intervals during the meal. The food is delicious, definitely recommend the baked cheese appetizer.  Steaks were good, and when I asked for some fresh cut horseradish, that is exactly what I got, not the creamed variety that often arrives.A nice, clean, civilized restaurant in the heart of Vegas, not bad.
4	This is a definite stop for me when I am in Vegas. The food is delicious, the service is awesome and the prices are reasonable. The location is great since it is right across from the Bellagio Fountain. You have front seat views of the water show if you sit outside.  I've been here at least 5 times now and so far I have not been disappointed.The escargot is a must, especially if you've never had escargot before. I am not an escargot connoisseur but I find that it tastes quite nice with all the garlic and seasonings. The price is around $10 for a serving of 6 pieces.Also, their steaks are divine. I enjoy a good steak and they definitely know how to please my palate when it comes to steak. My sister had the salmon salad, which she thought was excellent.Overall, it's probably one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.
3	It's my birthday and I want mussels - Mon Ami Gabi has them and off we go on a very hot Sunday afternoon.  We immediately ask if we could sit outside, and the hostess is quick to tell us there is no shade whatsoever if we choose to sit out there.  (Hmm...it's like over a hundred degrees today!)  So, we decide to sit inside, but as we are headed out, I notice a handful of people sitting in the blazing heat and we decide to go for it.  Smack dab in the middle of the patio and perfect for people-watching!It's a quick peek at the menu and we're set to go!  Waters arrive shortly, along with warm French baguettes and butter.  The bread and butter is SO good, and just so French!  Yum!Our food soon arrives:* Mussels Mariniere with frites ($21.95 full order) - Loaded with tons of onions, we start digging in.  One of my favorite things about eating mussels is the yummy sauce that comes with it, perfect for dipping warm French bread into!  What I don't like is finding the beard still attached to the mussel.  Sure, I can let one go.  But there were at least four mussels were I was spitting the beard out.  Yuck.  The frites are usually one of my favorite parts too, but I wasn't digging their version here.  It's more like deep-fried potato sticks  * County Style Pate "cornichons, whole grain mustard, country toast" ($9.95) - The pate was just okay, nothing spectacular.  You take a piece of pate and put it on the country bread, and take a bite.  Have a cornichon too while you're at it.  But it wasn't something that transported me back to the French countryside.Our waiter also forgot The Husband's Kronenbourg, which required a bit of reminding.Service was good in the beginning with our water glass being filled often and more baguettes coming our way.  Then I think there was a shift change because all of sudden we were forgotten about and we had to wave the staff down for more water and our check.  We also noticed that we didn't get any kind of dipping sauce for our frites, but noticed other tables automatically got ketchup.  I would have been happy with mayo!Overall, I guess I was expecting more - from the service and the food.  Everyone raves about this place, and I was left feeling underwhelmed.  The location is perfect, and if you sit outside, it's fabulous for people watching and the Bellagio water fountain show.  Perhaps I'll go again and further explore their menu.
2	Made reservations nearly a month in advance for dinner for 4, and looked forward to the experience because I had eaten here once before and loved it. But this time - yuk! First, server appeared before we had even fully sat down (I was still trying to figure out where to set my purse) and asked what we wanted to drink. Told her we needed a few mintues - bad move as she did not return for a full 20 minutes. We had chosen a bottle of wine and an appetizer for the table, but she refused to take the appetizer request until she went and got the wine! When she returned with the wine she proceeded to fill my glass nearly to the brim. This is a pet peeve of mine. When I spend $80 for a bottle of wine I want it poured correctly so that there is room in the glass to aerate it and develop the flavor.Anyway, we remind her of the appetizer we want and order our meals. Appetizer never came. Waited 25 minutes and salads arrived. Told her we never got the appetizer we ordered and she said, "oh sorry, we won't charge you for it then". Less than 5 minutes later the entrees arrived and she tried to take the salads away even though we had barely had a chance to touch them!We had ordered the steaks cooked "medium" and they came cold in the middle. Returned them for more cooking - another 20 minutes go by. Finally she delivers the steaks again and also the bill! We mention that we just might want to look at a dessert menu once we have finished the meal, so she runs right off and brings one to us.We try to eat the rest of our meal, while she continually visits the table to ask if she can take plates away and if we want dessert. When we do finish she is nowhere to be seen. We give up and pay the bill and go elsewhere for dessert.This evening was pretty much a total loss. Was embarrassed because I picked the restaurant and was telling my friends how good it was. I'll think twice before going here again. There's just too many good restaurants in Vegas to take a chance on this one again.
5	As I sit here watching Andrew Zimmern eat snails in France, all I can think about is Mon Ami Gabi.It has become a birthday tradition; every year, I go to Mon Ami Gabi.  Twice.  Once with my brother, who, if possible, is even more of a Foodie than I am.  Then one more time with whomever I am in Vegas with (ex-husband, friend, friends......random stranger I met at Peppermill). I've tried almost everything on their menu (including things that they don't have any more and need to bring back, like the arugula and goat cheese crepes), and it is all phenomenal.   In order of how much of a food-orgasm they give me:1.) Escargot.  I've had a surprising amount of escargot in my life, and this is the ish.  Buttery, garlic-y, AMAZING texture; one order is often not enough.  Because my baby bro and I love them so much we sometimes get two orders.2.) Crepes.  Ohhh...the crepes.  One birthday, I did the double trip twice in one day; brunch the first time, late dinner the second.  The best crepe of my life was here, the aforementioned arugula and goat cheese crepe.  I had never had arugula cooked before, and its peppery flavor was perfectly complimented by the very mild and creamy goat cheese.  I have never seen it on the menu again, and every time I go I ask for it and everyone claims to have never heard of it.3.) French martini (vodka, chambord, pineapple, up).  No brainer.  They do it better than anyone.4.) Frites.  Ohhhhhhhhh the frites.  Crispy.  In large quantity. Their steaks are great, try one at least once, and I recommend the Dijon or Bordelaise.  I'm not saying it is the best steak I've ever had (Morton's tied with a random place in Kansas get that award) but it is REALLY good, and their sauces are incredible. You can make reservations online which is very helpful for weekends and busy evenings.Make sure you ask for a spot on the patio so you can have the perfect view of the Bellagio fountain. The covered part of the patio is well air conditioned during the summer and well heated in the winter.  The uncovered part has heat lamps in winter and is near nice little spray misters in summer (they don't spray on you, but somehow help keep the air cool near you).The servers don't wear nametags....just numbers.  Why? "We at Mon Ami Gabi think the experience should totally be about you....our names don't matter".  I do find this a little silly, because, by drawing attention to the fact that you don't wear nametags by wearing numbertags, didn't you just make it about you?  But having a server tell me about the jokes they make in the kitchen for certain servers (#69 gets quite abused), I find it fun and hilarious. I wish they had ranch.  Dipping my frites in mayo is not appetizing.If you haven't tried it yet, go.  And go hungry.  Ask for an extra baguette to take home with you.  Eat as much of those carrots that they serve with the bread (on good days) as you can.   Have a martini.  Pretend you're in Ocean's Eleven.   And eat some extra escargot for me.
4	Though I only had two appetizers, this place really hit the spot! Came here after searchin for a place to grab a lite bite to eat. And needless to say, it was right on!  The bartender was quick to rush me my tab after ordering my drink, until I asked if I could eat at the bar. She quickly obliged.  I asked her how the pate was and she said most like the chicken since it has a smoother consistency, and the meat was a little too chunky for most.  Meat pate it is! Good. Full of flavor. Nice texture. Not really like a true pate though. Still enjoyable. Came with cornichons, cocktail onions, grain mustard n toasted bread.  The frisee and bacon salad with fried egg was delish! The egg was cooked perfectly with a nice runny yolk!  The overall menu looks impressive, which I look forward to conquering in the future. And the prices are quite reasonable.  Nice wine list.
5	I was really skeptical about this place.  I'm generally suspicious of chains and big restaurant corps like "Lettuce Entertain You".Well - my instincts were wrong about this place.  We had breakfast here on the final morning of our las vegas vacation.  We walked into Mon Ami Gabi really bummed out about leaving - and had such a great breakfast that we left smiling.Our waiter was very amusing, and had a very thick accent.  The bread and preserves that were brought out at the start of the meal were great.I ordered steak and eggs, my wife ordered the Salmon benedict that the waiter strongly vouched for - and we piggishly decided to split an order of "skinnycakes" - mon ami gabi's grddled up cakes that were a cross between crepes and pancakes. The salmon benedict looked fantastic.  The pancakes were amazing.  Probably my favorite version of the breakfast classic.  They were served with fantastic whipped cream (which I normally hate -but this was so rich - I coudln't avoid it) and some quickly cooked up fruit.The rasberries on the pancakes were amazing.  They reminded me of the raspberries I used to pick as a child in my parents' yard.  Big, juicy and fresh.  A great breakfast.  If something like hotel check out requires you to be awake mid-strip during breakfast time - I'd highly recommend this place.
5	A trip to Vegas is not the same for me without a visit to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino. Love this place. The Pommes Frites - LOVE THEM. I get them EVERY TIME I come here. And that crusty bread they serve prior to the meal with the real butter...just give me champagne and I'm on cloud 9! Love the steak, mac and cheese side dish, lox and toast points, croque monsieur and madame...wine...just love this place! I usually ask to sit in the dining room that faces the Bellagio fountains (adjacent to the outdoor patio), so I can enjoy the view while staying in the air-conditioned room (I'm from San Diego...I don't need any more sun). I am missing those Pommes Frites already....going back in September (YAY) - can't wait!
4	If you dine here at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris, Las Vegas, you MUST dine out on the sidewalk patio, especially during the warm summer nights.  The view was great especially at night when the Fountains of Bellagio are in full view from your table (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=KiY8oJ2G_sQTPIAxD1TT5Q). I had the hanger steak and frites (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw). The steak was cooked nicely and the frites were very good and crispy.  Not bad for $20.  I have to go back and try their other steaks in order for me to decide if they truly deserve that 5th star.  Pretty good so far though.
5	What a lovely, romantic place!!! We technically sat inside for breakfast, but the way the restaurant is set up, the entire front is open, facing the street and the amazing Bellagio hotel, so you're also outside more or less. It was a gorgeous, sunny day, so that made the experience that much better. We had a yogurt parfait, eggs, bacon and chocolate chip waffles (a pms ing woman's dream!!), and toast. As you are sitting there, the Bellagio fountain show goes off every so often, and sitting down relaxing with a meal is the best way to see it. It was a great, romantic experience. The food was very good, and the waitstaff very impressive. They couldn't do enough for us. Would def recommend.
5	My sister and I stayed at Paris and ate here several times.  We had breakfast our first morning there on the patio, dinner take out another night and sticky buns to go another morning. Best patio on the strip hands down!  It was shaded from the sun, had a front row seat to the Bellagio fountains and misters to cool you.  The food was great.  Bacon waffles with chocolate sauce, ahi tuna burger and turkey avocado omelettes all delicious.  Only bad thing was the sticky buns, they didn't live up to the hype..a little dry. Service was great, very friendly.  Atomosphere was quiant- didn't feel like a casino restaurant at all.  Would go back in a heartbeat.
5	For my wife's birthday we decided to do something special and Mon Ami Gabi definitely provides a great romantic atmosphere and nice affordable dining.We arrvied about 9am and there was NO wait we were immediately seated on the outdoor patio and we were served right away.We ordered coffee, smoked salmon platter & bagel,Eggs & Beef Bourguignon , Chocolate-Bacon Waffle and a side of hashbrown potatoes(not pictured)The food was fantastic! The Beef Bourguignon was reduced in a red wine sauce with the MOST tender beef EVER. The Chocolate-Bacon Waffle with chocolate syrup & whipped cream was scrumptuos too!!!If you are looking to impress but NOT break the bank @MonAmiGavilv is the Place!!
4	I had my birthday dinner here with a few friends and it was pretty good.  We had reservations and as soon as most of our party arrived they promptly seated us.  The waitress made a few appetizer and entree suggestions that were very good.  After reading all the yelpers saying that their steaks are hands down one of the best things there I just had to try.  I'm not much of a beef eater but taking a leap of faith I ordered the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter Sauce.  Oh boy it was melt in your mouth delicious!  The sauce was just perfect , the sauce was in no way overwhelming and it was cooked to perfection.  It was served with potatoe frites (similar to shredded potatoe chips, not thick as french fries).  We also ordered the Escargot and bake cheese as appetizers.  I love cheese and their baked cheese had this tomatoe base mixed in with the creamy cheese.  If you love tomatoes and cheese it's really good with the bread.  The Escargot were baked shell-less with a wonderful olive oil pesto sauce.  It was just yummy.  After all the Escargots disappeared I had an idea to dip my bread into the pesto sauce that was still in the pan.  For Dessert we had the Banana Foster Crepe.  It was big ennough to share and was wonderfully delightful!Things to try:-Escargot-Baked Cheese-Seared Scallops served with Cauliflower puree (taste just like mash potatoes almost)-Hanger Steak (If you don't mine chewing a bit and a little gamey)-Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter Sauce-Crab Cakes-Oysters on a half shell-Creme Brulee-Banana Foster CrepesThe servers were very polite and if you want to try out their oysters, they actually give you a sample of one before committing to a full tray of them.
5	Solid. Incredible food +affordable price = worth dining every single time I go to Vegas! I came here for breakfast/brunch the last two times I visited Vegas and I have no complaints. I got a spinach crepe the first time and a spinach and egg crepe (at my request) the second time and they were both so yummy! Another tradition-in-progress for me here is the carafe of frangria (their version of sangria). It's only 20 dollars and it serves like 6-8 drinks total. Mmm nothing is better than a sitting outside, watching the Bellagio fountains go off, and sipping on some frangria! It's hard to find consistent, solid breakfast places at a good price and this place does just that. Be sure to make reservations because they get packed during the morning hours.
4	We went here for our anniversary and all that matters is that my wife really liked it!The patio is worth the wait because of the view of the Bellagio water show and the weather is great outside in the summer when the sun goes down. Inside is darker and cold.The warm bagette is very good...with shredded carrots...well, it kinda grows on you.The warm brie cheese was very tasty and it came with roasted garlic cloves. Good thing we are married so we don't have to worry about scaring anyone off with our breath afterwards. It was a small portion tho.We both got steaks. Now one thing you should know is that a French steak is pounded flat like Carne Asada. It's not bad, but I like a thicker cut. The fries were tasty, but they lacked something.I know it's not a glamorous review, but I'm just trying to keep it real (about the food).I'd go back again because of the view, location and the fact that my wife loved it. If the atmosphere was worse, I'd probably pass.Note: It is a reasonably priced steakhouse compared to the $50+ steakhouses in Vegas!
4	End of June we came here with my husband and friends for dinner.  If you are coming in the summer  and want a great place to watch the Bellagio Water Show make reservations here at Mon Ami Gabbi.  Do come around 6 ish and you might get lucky with an outside patio sitting.  We got there at 6 and was seated outside.  The sun went behind Bellagio Hotel by 6:10 so it was great and we had great entertainment with the watershow across the street.We ordered the merlot butter filet migeon, french onion soup, and salmon salad.  merlot butter sauce was just yummy on the filet migeon.  The meat was cooked right, but the best part was the merlot butter sauce.  French onion soup was huge and my hubby and i shared it together.  My salad I usually get here was light and tasty with fresh berries.  Oh.... the baguettes here are hot and yummy.  They come with butter and carrot slaw.  Try it with carrot slaw...it brings out the flavor and it's great.  My girlfriend feasted on these baguettes the whole dinner with butter and had it as basically her mainOverall the food is good and the price is reasonable on the strip.  Would I come back again....absolutely!
3	French Steakhouse at Paris hotel with a view of the Bellagio water show? Sounded like a perfect dinner date! Unfortunately the only appeal to this place is the location, which is absolutely amazing being able to sit through the water shows every 15 min during dinner. The food? Not so much.We received french bread and butter to start, just standard hard bread, not warm at all. As an appetizer we had the Escargot, pretty good but only because it was heavily drenched in butter and a pesto that made eating snails tolerable.We also shared a French Onion Soup -- served in a nice deep "pot" of a bowl, good for 2 people. Looked tasty, but was somewhat bland. The broth had no bite to it whatsoever, no hint of Sherry, just tasted like normal beef broth with plain onions.. note: onions were not caramelized. Very subpar as far as French Onion Soups are concerned.The main course sounded so delish. I ordered the Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onions and red wine sauce) while the BF had the Steak au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce). I ended up liking the flavor of the Bordelaise much better, although both steaks were quite large and thin.. I don't know if French steaks are usually like this but it wasn't enjoyable whatsoever. Even a McDonald's burger patty is thicker than these steaks.. no joke. The pommes frites served with them are very reminiscent of potato chips.. not sure if all pommes frites are like this but they were just okay. $24 per plate? please.The bill came out to $82.. without drinks. I think their strategy is to have their guests mesmerized watching the water show and not care so much about the quality of food. Sorry, but, we noticed.Overall:Location - 5 starsFood - 2 stars= 3 starsand prices are a rip, even though this is Vegas, an $80 dinner can buy you way better stuff than this.
3	The 3 stars is a push.  It was actually quite good, but the fairly poor service and bathrooms with a line-out-the-door in the casino, I had to settle at 3.  So let's bullet point:PROS:- Food.  The filet mignon was absolutely delicious, in some sort of merlot sauce.  I believe there was also the word "reduction" in it, which tends to add to the fancy shmancyness.  It was about $32, so me and the boyfriend split it.  It came with an interesting side - these crispy 'fries' that actually tasted a lot better than they looked.- Asparagus.  Infused with butter.  Nuff said.- The waiter was from SD and super cool.  Definitely a surfer/stoner type, and we enjoyed his company.CON:- There is no restroom in the actual restaurant, so have fun waiting in line with a bunch of drunk Cougars and the 20 something year olds waiting patiently on the outiside to pick out the ripest (drunkest, or bustiest, whatever was closest) one.  Kinda ruined the fancy French restuarant vibe.- The poor water guy spilled water essentially all over my placing.  He was nice about it, but everything I used that night was pretty wet.- Actual waiter was cool, but completely forgot that we had ordered a bottle of wine, and didn't even get it until after our steaks were served.Complaints are minor, and food was delicious.  If you're going to spend $30+ for a steak, I would neutrally recommend this place.  If that even makes sense.
4	I went with Robin L. so see her reviews for the Cons.  Like her, the waiter / food runner spilled water all over my place setting (pretty much the first thing that happened after we were seated) so everything within an arm's reach of me was wet.  But that aside, considering what I paid and what I got, I was definitely satisfied.  BF and I split the filet mignon with merlot butter reduction.. the steak also came with these crispy little steak fries that I didn't think I would like.. but they went really well with the sauce and the steak.  We also split some side dishes: french green beans and macaroni gratin.  Everything was really good.  Our steak was a little more cooked than what we asked for; we got medium-well instead of medium.  But it was still good.  And of course, the green beens were cooked perfectly and the macaroni gratin was absolutely yummy.  We also ordered a bottle of bordeaux which, unfortunately, the waiter forgot about until after our steaks had arrived.. but no serious damage was done :)My total share of the bill came to $40 (that's including tip).  Not bad considering I had filet mignon, two sides, and a full glass of wine.  I'd definitely be willing to come back, especially on those trips to vegas when I can't afford to pay $80 at craftsteak ;)
3	To be clear this rating is based on Breakfast and Lunch, not dinner.We had a pretty good breakfast here with all the ingredients appearing to be fresh and well cooked. The bread is just delicious and does remind you of genuine French baguettes which have such a unique taste and texture. Lunch was less than perfect. I chose Moules Marinieres which is one of my favorite lunch dishes (especially when served with real frites!). However Mon Ami Gabi fell short. The broth was way too creamy and while the mussels were decent you just couldn't get past the fact that a pretty basic dish had been executed poorly. The frites were also not great, they were in between chips and frites and that's not what you need when you order a classic item like MM. I imagine people who ordered Steak Frites on the bistro style lunch menu would be similarly disappointed.Unlikely I would try dinner here with Bouchon and Daniel Boulud in town.
5	View of the Bellagio water show? Check.Expensive drinks that tasted like a peach gummy? Check.Air conditioning so cold I had to borrow my man's jacket? Check.A nice place open past 10pm when we really needed that? Check.I had a blast here. Our one night in Vegas we decided to make awesome in terms of food and drink. I had a tomato salad that tasted so lemony, it blew my mind. I suspect the olive oil on it was lemon infused. It was like crack. My scallops were also good, and my bf had a huge half a chicken that we couldn't get close to finishing.For dessert we shared a creme brulee, which was also yummy. This place and our fabulous hotel room upgrade really makes me want to go back to Vegas, and I didn't think that would happen, at all. :)
5	Great oysters? Check. Good bread? Check. I got the Quiche Lorraine and it was done perfectly. Throw in a Guinness and I'm a happy camper. Tasted my friend's Ahi Tuna Burger, which was also very good. Service was a little slow, but our waiter was training somebody, so... We sat on the patio and the weather was great; we were right on the border of the air conditioning inside and the heat outside. I'm sure that later at night it's fun too watch all the insanity of humanity in Vegas walk past.
5	We went to Vegas this last weekend with the parents in law and we ate at Mon Ami Gabi for dinner one night and lunch/brunch before we left. I really like this place. For dinner I had the escargot, which were perfectly tender and in a great herb butter sauce that made them melt in your mouth. I had the steak frites, and it was a giant portion that I could barley finish. The service was great but not overbearing. For lunch we were out on the patio and could see the Bellagio fountains. Our server was great, and pretty funny too! I had the country style pate and the spinach and brie crepe. They were both wonderful. The parents in law had the soup of the day which was a cold apple acorn soup, which they said was fabulous. All around great place.
4	This is a really cute brunch place, and an excellent alternative to buffets if you so incline.  We stopped in Saturday morning (OK, who am I kidding, it was afternoon) with a group of seven and were seated promptly.One or more of us was definitely hungover.  Sat down, one quickly asked for orange juice.  And hash browns.  Cuz that's all he wanted.  The waitress must be used to this.  She put in our orders right away, and our food came shortly after.Spinach salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=p2jfy0rIunBvoGMqsrA6ZQ) and cobb salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=5OHXWa2Qm86xSMbqOisfVQ) were both fresh, with the right amount of dressing.  Good portion if you're not super hungry but feel the need to eat something so you're not starving an hour later.Hamburger with a fried egg on top (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=_ctKpcyf6wjYlIgGwuo87Q).  Amazing texture, cooked to order.  Comes with a side of skinny fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=EUD7yxHWUcaiZVdUyqHY6g).The fruit platter (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=PXCW7S7UC9YorPU9rRU-7A).  Pretty to look at, hard to eat.  Definitely hard to share.  False advertisement!The rest got the corned beef hash, with a side of hash browns (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=SMi354SDQZfhbITcvyufBQ).  Huge portions, but didn't stop any of them from wolfing it all down!Good spot to watch the Bellagio water show, too :)
3	I was very disappointed with my dinner here.  I thought 4 stars, 344 reviews - this place must be solid.  My pizza from a fast food place at the Venetian was more satisfying.Maybe I'm being too harsh as there were semi-positives to my meal:1. the french onion soup, which my server claimed was the best ever.  It was good, but I cannot agree with her claim.2. the french fries.  They were thin and crispy and cooked just how I like them.  I think I'm committing a faux pas by saying this, but I thought the fries here were better than the very famous Bouchon fries (which I tried the next day).3. the bread pudding.  Once again, my server claimed it was the best ever.  It was good, but not the best ever.  I love bread pudding and this stuff was just okay.  I've def had a lot better (the Nordstrom Cafe bread pudding is the best!)4. the oysters.  I didn't try these, but my bf said they were good and he loves oysters.However, the positives didn't really balance out the not so great entrees.My bf ordered a roasted chicken that was flavorless.  Don't offer roasted chicken as a house special if it's going to be dry and just not good.  I ordered the fish and frites (hence the yummy french fries).  The fish was disgusting.  It was pounded down and fried as like one large circle.  I took 2 bites and couldn't eat anymore of it.  Yuck!Perhaps we should have ordered something else, but I will not be returning to eat a meal at Mon Ami Gabi (I might just order some fries to go!).  Just like how I felt for Craftsteak, there are too many other dining options in Vegas to come back to this one.
1	Ate there Jan 2009, Anyone who thinks this is anything like a french bistro is sadly mistaken. If you looked at the menu, it basically is a steak house menu, with fish and chicken for those who do not feel like steak. The only thing french about this place is the menu, which is in french, but a steak house menu, in french, is still a steak house.We made reservations months ago and when we arrived, the table was ready, but was right next to the waiters station and kitchen. Very loud. If I did them the favour of calling ahead that far, you would have thought I would have gotten a better table. If you want a okay steak, go here, if you want french, I'd pick up a copy of Rosetta Stone.
5	No doubt about it -- this is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas and, in fact, it might be my favorite place to eat in the entire country.I don't speak French or know much about French culture, but I love Paris and its tradition of long, lingering meals outdoors over glass after glass of wine.  Some French restaurants in America try to recreate this tradition, but none does it as well as Mon Ami Gabi.  I eat here every time I go to Vegas.If you go, you must get a table outside.  This will probably mean a wait of more than an hour, but it's absolutely essential.  Directly across the street from the Bellagio, you'll have front-row seats for their famous water show.  You'll also be sitting in the shadow of the famed Eiffel Tower (Vegas version), and it's a prime spot for people-watching.The food and the service are both outstanding.  Purists criticize the food for its lack of authenticity.  I can't speak to that, but can say that the food they DO serve is fantastic -- the chicken liver mousse is to die for, their steak roquefort is seasoned and cooked to perfection, and I absolutely love their light, crispy frites.  The wait staff is attentive without being obtrusive, and there's never an attempt to rush you away, no matter how long you've been nursing that final glass of wine.This place is perfect for both a romantic dinner for two, or a raucous dinner party of 12.  More than a meal, it's a dining experience!
4	Yummy and cute place...Came here with my mom, sister and niece based on high recommendations from hubby.  They had a sangria that was so tasty that my sis and I finished the whole pitcher!Their hand cut frites are to die for!  Like nothing I ever had.  Their steak with butter was not too bad.  Mom ordered the duck l'orange which she loved.  Niece couldn't stop talking about the french onion soup and escargots she had.
5	YES. YUM.eff all that 'authentic' jazz. I don't particularly care if my bowl of Gazpacho is not traditionally French, it was DEE-LISH. As were my mussels, the steak frites, and the scallops. VERY well priced for the Strip; a classy little eatery. Total win, both for service and food. I could eat here for days. Yes, days.
3	This place is very nice for breakfast. portions are also a very good size. waiter was extremely nice. I'm not a fan of breakfast food, but my boyfriend thought the waffles was very good. Since the food didn't wow me I give it three star.
1	this 1 star is for the service alone!  they wouldnt sit us for some f'ed up reason.  we walked in and were offered inside or out and when we said outside she said well its pretty sunny we said umm ok inside she then said it will be 15 minutes.  mind you there was not one soul indoors.  another 2 ladies walk up and got sat right away!  really?
4	Thanks to Yelp and Mon Ami Gabi's great reviews, we decided to try this place for dinner. We didn't realize it was located at the Paris Casino right across from the Bellagio. We lucked out and got a table with a great view of the Water Show. They only take reservations for indoor seating, but outdoor seating would be awesome. Service was good and food was delicious! We ordered...Appetizers:Escargots de Bourgogne - very flavorfulCheese Plate - came with 3 different types, fruit preserves, nuts, apple slices and walnut raisin bread (which we asked for extra since there was still a lot of cheese on the plate when the first batch of bread was done). Was enough for 4 people.Main:Filet Mignon - literally melts in your mouth. Comes with frites.Trouth Grenobloise - great flavors. Fish was fresh.Dessert:Profiteroles - they were alright, but I think it's because I'm not really a big fan of profiteroles in general. Just FYI. Corkage fee is $20, but you can't bring any wine on their menu.
5	It seems like the old vegas standbys of coffee shops and buffets are not what they once were, namely cheap and accessible. Its not that I loved eating at the hotel coffee shop, but it is what you did. Well thankfully this trip to Vegas I did not settle for breakfast, instead walking around the strip until I found the outdoor seating at the Paris hotel. It looked to good to pass up and it was. I ended up going twice, each time enjoying the eggs and bacon, an excellent roll with chocolate, and fantastic fresh squeezed orange juice. It was such a pleasant way to start the day, with people watching being one of my favorite Vegas past times. The service was attentive, our server walked to another restaurant to get us whole bananas. The smoked salmon my wife had was much cheaper then the hotel coffee shop and great according to her. I loved this breakfast for taste, value, and simplicity. Next time you are in Vegas and do not want to settle for breakfast, head to Mon Ami Gabi and have a seat outdoor along LV Blvd. and enjoy the fine decision you made.
3	If you like butter, cheese and more butter, this place is for you. While the set-up is cute (if not a bit too kitschy) and the service is very pleasant, the food tries to be French but just hits you with as much fat/grease/butter as possible. I'm always one for unhealthy food, but this was a bit much.Starters:-Chicken liver mousse: Good, flavorful, huge portion-French onion soup: The broth was good, but it was so hard to get a taste of what the soup was like with the HUGE glob of cheese on top of the soup. Now, I love cheese, lactose-intolerant as I may be, but I had to scoop the last third of the cheese out bc it was just way too much.Dinner:-Roast chicken: This isn't the roast chicken of Bouchon, that's for sure. It was good but a bit dry...and the vegetables were so completely soaked in oil, it was hard to figure out what you were eating.-Skate: I love skate because it's such a nice, light fish...but again, I thouht I was eating a pound of butter mixed with some lemon and capers. The vegetable salad was a very nice accompaniment, though - very refreshing.-Macaroni gratin: I make it a habit to order mac n cheese at nearly every restaurant I go to, if it's available. This version literally had a pound of cheese on top; I was confused on whether there were even any noodles in the dish. Again, ended up scraping off 2/3 of the top cheese layer to even enjoy the dish.I think this restaurant has potential if they laid off the cheese/oil/butter and just let the food speak for itself. It's really not necessary to make America fatter than it already is!
3	The day after a superb dinner at Guy Savoy (getting in later than my friends who were in Vegas to "party" and still waking up before them) I woke up early - feeling great I went for a run outside, the first time I'd ever done so in Vegas - what they say about it being "a dry heat" is right and the mornings are dry and cool - running from the Venetian down to Mandalay Bay and back I was more dehydrated than I normally am on a run twice the distance.  Drinking plenty of water and showering I'd worked up quite an appetite and made my way out for another walk south on the strip - this time to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris.  Arriving at 7:20am I was greeted by the friendly hostesses at the door and led promptly to a prime seat on the patio where I watched Vegas roll by - the best part about early morning Vegas is that there are only two sorts of people - the early morning joggers and the people just heading home.  I laughed like hell when a guy came up and yelled "high five - yellow shirt - I love yellow shirts" with regard to my vintage LA Kings T.  Only in Vegas.Having heard much about Mon Ami Gabi's view - truly awesome sitting 4 feet above Las Vegas Boulevard and directly across from the fountains at Bellagio - I must admit I'd heard mixed reviews of the food and went in with tempered expectations.  Greeted by my server and handed a menu I was offered coffee which I graciously accepted.  A decent French Roast with heavy nuttiness the coffee was good, but probably the worst I had during my trip to Vegas...and refills were slow at best despite the restaurant being unfilled throughout my meal.  Browsing the menu I was impressed by both the sweets and the savories - deciding between the Blueberry French Toast and Poached Pear Waffles proved difficult and thus I ended up with neither.   Placing my order I also opted to order a pain au chocolate from the limited bakery menu.Sitting for nearly 30 minutes while I waited for my food I sipped my coffee and watched the street - I've said it before and I'll say it again, half the "Vegas Experience" is people watching.  Eventually arriving along with only my first refill of coffee (I had to request it - thankfully after this service improved and a young man took over my coffee refills) I was somewhat surprised when the sweet arrived with my savory breakfast.  Cool and questionably fresh the Pain au Chocolate was appropriately buttery and flakey but lacked any pizzazz.  Featuring a small single vein of average chocolate I could've gotten the same dish for much less than $3.50 at most convenience stores.Where I would consider the sweet a failure - I didn't even finish it - my savory at MAG was actually a unique take on a classic and quite delicious.  Described as a "classic" Croque Madame the dish was actually presented in a "deconstructed" fork and knife sandwich manner with two large slices of hearty grain bread pan fried in butter and then cut in half, topped with ham and gruyere cheese plus chives, and finished with a sunny-side up egg.  Accompanying the croque on the plate was a simple salad of frisee and vinegar and on a side plate were some oily and uninspiring (and decidedly American) hash browns with Heinz ketchup poured into a small cup.  While good this croque and accoutrements certainly wasn't as good as the version the previous day at Pinot and no-where near on par with the versions in Northern California at Butler and the Chef or Bouchon.Finishing my meal and sipping on my coffee again my female server finally returned to my table to ask if I needed anything else - when I asked for a "to go" cup of coffee plus the check this duty was pawned off on the young man who'd been filling my coffee while she went back to talking to the other female server near the register.  Like Pinot I simply don't understand why "bistro" entails sub-par service in Las Vegas and I actually mentioned on my way out suggesting that I wanted my tip (left in cash as opposed to on my credit card as I normally do on vacation) be given to the young man and not my "server."  In general I can't say there is much to brag about at Mon Ami Gabi aside from the view and while the restaurant would certainly stand at the top of French cuisine in Columbus Ohio (my home) I'd much sooner go back to Pinot, Bouchon, Payard, or Tableau when in a dining destination city like Las Vegas.
4	This establishment is located in the Paris hotel, across from Bellagio. High volume is during the weekends for dinner. PLEASE try to make a reservation during the times of Christmas, NYE, and Valentines Day season. It will be very hard to get a walk-in. There is also many sections of the restaurant to be seated at. First room is the wine room, which is midly dark. Chose this room if you are there for drinks or for 'intimate' time. One problem is that it is near the front where people are walking in and out constantly. There is outside seating available, which faces the strip and Bellagio fountains. It is both good and bad, since some annoying tourist might bother you while you are eating. But the fountain show is wonderful to watch while outside. There is also a room that is inside but right behind the patio, so you get all the ambiance of the patio but you are technically inside.I believe I have eaten here four times. The first time was with a friend for lunch and both the food and service were excellent. We were walk-ins on a Saturday during lunch. We were seated outside facing the bellagio fountains, which was beautiful.  I had clam soup, brie & garlic, Shrimp Gabi and escargot. We also ordered the Pinot Gris, which was excellent with the meal. The price was reasonable for the quantity and quality of food we had (the bill came to about $120US). Everything was flavorful and fresh. Based on this meal alone, we would highly recommend this restaurant.Second & third time was with my friends (who are yelpers as well). The third time, we sat in the room behind the patio (since it was hot outside).  I basically ordered all the same things from the first visit and it tasted just as good. These times, were had ordered dessert, which was a vanilla type of milkshake. It was incredible. Fourth time, I will say I was disappointed in both the food and service. Perhaps cause one of the individuals with us was a friend of the assistant manager, and it seemed that we were being ignored or just not waited on as well as others there. The service at lunch was erratic and inattentive though the restaurant was not that busy than it had been at any of my previous meals. I wanted to try their Quiche and was not impressed. It was dry with very little flavor, and bland.  My boyfriend's meal was no better, which I believe was a steak of some kind. It was pretty dry. Even though we did not pay for this meal, the value was not nearly as good as the value the past few times. From my experience I would still highly recommend the restaurant. I have been to more expensive French restaurants and this place is honestly great for the price. Just do not be discouraged from one bad meal. I would say that  is a great ratio.
4	My boyfriend and I ate here this past Monday. I've tried to eat here 3 times before but the line has always been too long. We were lucky this time and got a patio table facing the Belaggio fountain show (which went off every 20 mins). This restaurant is all about location, location, location. It was fun to people watch and take in the fountain show. The food is descent. We had a house salad, French onion soup (the best part of the meal), and a steak with blue cheese. Go for the patio and have a glass of the house Sangria.
4	My overall experience was very good. For a vegas restaurant, these prices are really very reasonable. You can pay more for a steak at many of the generic steakhouses inside casinos, and the wine by the glass is really very reasonable at 7 or 8 bucks per glass for their more basic wines (I had both a sauv blanc and a glass of gsm and both were good and recently opened). As for the food:I started with the sea scallops which were in a mussel cream sauce. Outstanding, though perhaps a touch too much Parmesan. That's not really a complaint though... just finding something to quibble about. I had their prime rib special which looking back on it was a mistake. The prime rib was fine though not outstanding and it was reasonable at 35 dollars. It was also too much food in the end when combined with my other dishes. The others in my party had salmon (i didn't get the verdict), the new york strip (judged good and the shallots very good), the crab cakes (judged outstanding), the salmon salad (good), as well as the french and soup du jour (a apple and parsnip soup). For dessert two of us had chocolate mousse. The mousse was exactly what you'd hope and expect. They topped it with dark chocolate crunchy things which are good, but unfortunately just put pink berry in mind for me because they have to be exactly the same thing. Another person had the peach parfait and was a fan of it. ---So I'd give this 4 stars. The food was very good, but not truly exceptional, which I think it needs to be at this price range to earn a 5. The service was very good, refills on water came swiftly, and the pacing was appropriate for a French restaurant (i.e. slow, but purposefully and not annoyingly so). Of course, mention has to be made about the atmosphere. It's really nice. I asked for a table with a view of the Belaggio fountain, and they made us wait about 15 minutes upon arriving, but they gave us a good table for it. It was very pleasant. I'd definitely suggest this restaurant. I think you could probably get a better meal if you stepped up a price category somewhat, but then you wouldn't have the nice sidewalk cafe feel.
4	I went to Mon Ami Gabi as part of a wedding party for my best friend's wedding.  I along with everyone else thoroughly enjoyed my food.  The staff is nice and courteous.  They're a little slow with the water service and I had to ask for something a couple times as they would keep forgetting.  (I wasn't the only one who experienced this)  Although the Bride and Groom took care of the bill, they said that they were happy with the end result as everyone was happy and super full.  I recommend this place for a large group of people.One of the downfalls: There are no restrooms inside the restaurant.  You have to go out in the lobby / casino area to use the public restroom.  Fail.
3	I can't say I had that great of an experience here, but it wasn't bad.  I came here with four friends, one didn't like her food and the rest of us were indifferent.  My friend and I ordered steak...I a New York Steak with Bernaise sauce....it was good, I was just not expecting the steak to look so thin and long...but I still enjoyed the steak and sauce...what I wasn't too crazy about was that they served it with a boat load of pommes frites.  Now that I know, if I go again, i will ask for veggies or something else on the side...I just don't think it went well with the meat...or maybe if there were less of them and more of something else..,but hey..maybe that's how they do it in France!  The waitress was nice and she was very helpful when my friend asked to put the bill on her players card...we found out that the restaurant is not part of the hotel so she had to go back out to the players card desk and ask for some kind of paper in order to charge the bill to the card...but it ended up working out...and it was just find.  Prob the only reason that would make me come back here is to get a patio seat and eat, relax, and watch the Bellagio fountains across the way.
5	I don't know what they put in the coffee here, but it was the one of the best I've ever had.  Or maybe I was hungover.  I was in Vegas for a 4 day buddy's bachelor party extravaganza.  I did eat here for 3 straight days for breakfast (at 2pm).  I tried everything from the Eggs & Beef Bourguignon to Salmon Eggs Benedict.  The food was awesome.  My only complaint was that the pitchers of orange juice was ridiculously expensive.  The 4 pitchers of the orange juice was about 33% of the bill for 6-8 people.  Otherwise, the food price wasn't too outrageous.  The orange juice was phenomenal but not worth the price though.  We always sat on the outdoor patio with a great view of the Bellagio fountain.  The service was somewhat slow, but I'll give them slack because this place was always busy.  At least the servers were always super nice.
5	I am a Vegas regular and I always make sure to include a stop at Mon Ami's every trip. My favorite is for their brunch - mmmmm so good! Their frangria (the french take on sangria, I guess) is my personal favorite for morning after aches. I've had the quiche lorraine, their grilled cheese and short rib sandwich, waffles, gabi salad and all have been absolutely delicious. Oh, and don't get me started on the fresh baguette they bring to your table. Man, that stuff is good! The service is always wonderfully attentive and they sit you promptly for a Saturday/Sunday brunch. I've also been here for dinner and the steaks are amazing, especially with the sauces they offer. Ooohh and don't forget, whatever you order, make sure to try their pomme frites - some of the best I've ever had!
4	NOTE: This review is only for breakfast.Beautiful indoor and outdoor patio seating makes this a perfect setting for a nice and relaxing breakfast or brunch. Their eggs benedict and florentine are incredibly tasty with surprisingly decent prices.I've only been here twice for breakfast, so I have yet to experience this place for dinner. So far both times there was no wait or reservation needed since it was outside of the normal waking hours of the Vegas crowd.
4	Affordable French restaurant! We were sitting in the "Sun Room" which is gorgeous! I love eating under sunlight w/o all those dust coming from the street... We went there for lunch and got seated really fast. Fresh oysters that we ordered that day was excellent, out-of-this-world good!!!! So fresh w/ slight sweetness.... We ordered a dozen.. couldn't have enough so ordered another half a dozen... The Escargots were not bad, really garlicky! My boyfriend has a chicken, brie, & spinach crepe, which was good, not very exciting though... The chicken was a bit on the dry side. I had the butter lettuce salad. Butter lettuce is my favorite lettuce =P I LOVE its vinaigrette dressing!!! It was light and tasty, YUM!Actually, if it wasn't for the oyster, I would probably rate it 1/2 a star less... Maybe we were just lucky that day..?
5	Wish i was with a man... but i was with my 40 somthing GF, we wanted good food.... so we decided to have a romantic dinner lolVery Romantic... perfect for couples!The food was amazeing.....our waiter was hilarious...he wass so sweet and cute..... he recommended the special of the night to  me... i went with that.... it was so really good!I will definatly return... hopefully next time with the oppisite sex!
4	Very crowded on a weekday morning, so we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table outside. We just went into the casino and gambled a little bit to kill time. Paris is a really cute hotel so it was really a lot of fun!Our buzzer began buzzing so we made it back to the restaurant, were seated outside, and began to eat outside faux Paris in this cute restaurant. I came here because I knew that when I was in Vegas two years ago that I went to a restaurant in Paris (not remembering the name), but definitely remembering the really good food. So I am back again (in the correct place) and the food was excellent! Excellent  omelette  with hash browns. Very tasty and good coffee too. I would definitely return, as the prices are not too bad and the food was VERY tasty. Gouda cheese is awesome in an omelette!
4	My first time eating here was in '07, even though we have two Mon Ami Gabi outposts in Bethesda and Reston back home. However, for some reason Mon Ami Gabi in my area doesn't get half the kudos that the Vegas location does.In any case, our first night in Vegas lead us back to Paris. We were here on October 29th and were able to secure a table without reservations. There is outdoor seating available, which is great for people watching, but as it was kind of nippy, we opted to eat inside. Our server, according to my receipt, was Dia, who was cute, knowledgeable, and provided excellent service. I ordered the Steak au Poivre with brandy peppercorn sauce, and my friend ordered the Filet Mignon with merlot butter and red wine reduction. Now this is where I should really listen to my friend and heed her suggestions, as she is from Oklahoma and girl knows her beef. While my steak was good, the steaks here are cut real thin. I ordered mine to be cooked medium and truth be told, when it's a thin slice of meat, you are better off asking for medium rare. Her filet mignon, of course, tasted better than mine since hers is a better cut. The generous portion of fries are hand cut and also sliced thin, fried very crisp, and are reminiscent of the won ton crispy noodles you get when you order soup at Chinese restaurants. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but if you want your fries to have some taste of potato, then you are best off ordering one of the side dishes. We had also ordered a carafe of sangria (billed here as "frangria"), and we both agreed that it is one of the better sangrias that we have ever tried, and one of us has been to Spain. At under $16, it was enough to provide a nice buzz and was cheaper than getting multiple cocktails or ordering a full bottle of wine. They do have wine by the glass, and if you are here in the fall, you can't go wrong with beaujolais nouveau. We didn't even have to pour it ourselves, as Dia was always on the mark and filled our glasses when it got half full.For dessert, my friend ordered the warm chocolate tarte tatin with caramel sauce and whipped cream. I got the pear parfait with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. With tax, my portion of the meal was $34.48, excluding gratuity. I can definitely recommend this place, as it was fairly inexpensive, but the amount of food, plus the service, makes for a great value. If you're not in the mood for dinner, try having dessert out on the patio with sangria, wine, or cocktails. It's a good way to start (or end) your Vegas adventure.
4	I have been here twice.  Both times, amazing!  The food is creative and tasty.  I especially enjoyed the sangria with rosemary.  The view, overlooking the fountains, could not be better.
4	Had lunch here, food price was very reasonable for vegas and the atmosphere was great.
4	Excellent steaks served with very tasty fries.  Desserts are to die for.  Wonderful wine list.  Location is great.  We had a fantastic waitress.
4	This is a great find on the Las Vegas Strip. Excellent food at very good value, compared with overpriced choices nearby. Good service too. Highly recommended & I will definitely return when I come back to town
4	Dined here on a recent trip to Vegas.  Just walked in - no reservation - no problem!  We sat inside - it was too clammy outside for me.  Service was great, food was fabulous and the wine was divine!  Cant wait to go back.
4	Excellent food.   We were served a crusty bread with an julienned apple / olive oil tossed "salad" and butter.  I had the Gabi's fish and frtte - It was a lightly breaded piece of fish fillet with thin thin thin fries.  I loved it!  I also had a glass of the house pinot... which was just ok.  The restaurant is kind of loud -but we're in a casino and the customers were rather LIVELY and obviously a little t"relaxed". Lots of customers wearing stuff indicative of "bachelorette party".  Our servers were excellent.  A WOW?  Not quite, but a solid 4 stars from me.
5	This is consistently a great restaurant to go to on The Strip: the service is great and the food is fantastic.The typical thing to order are the Steak and Frites, which are always a great option.  There are plenty of great steak options and all are great quality beef.  Even the bread that arrives with dinner is fresh and steaming and perfect when you add the butter to it...the bread also arrives with a brined/pickled carrot slaw/salad that is surprisingly good - tangy with a bit of spice and perfect with buttered bread.  The wine list is great and one can find something that suits their palate - I had a Pinot Nior that was delicate, but stood up to the strong flavor of the beef.  The desserts are also really good - profiteroles, chocolate cake, bread pudding.
5	Outside dining makes this good restaurant five stars to me -- especially on a night where it cools off and you can watch the light shows of the Bellagio.   Don't count on the cooling down so much in summer!  There are many giant umbrellas to keep you out of the sun's direct wrath.  The sandwiches of the day are just a full-mouth electric taste jamboree.  We had a roast beef open face sandwich with brie and crisp, juicy and tart cherry tomatoes, and some France-themed Sangria.  The $20 carafe is four highball glasses and a must if you and your friends are parched.  The Steak Frites are delightful too, and plentiful.  If you can finish a side-basket of them, you should try out for eating contests.  Great location and food!
5	Breakfast:  They are open for breakfast 7-11.  We had a great breakfast outside.  Quick seating, good service, lovely food.  I especially like the crusty bread for toast.  The menu has lots of choices, and at bargain prices I thought.  We stayed for an extra bloody mary and the morning air.
3	Maybe I am losing my mind, but I thought the breakfast menu here used to be a little more French. The breakfast offerings were hard to distinguish from an average slightly fussy brunch place in the Bay Area. Example: the French toast was called "french toast" and not "pain perdu", and there was nothing on the menu that reminded me of eating in Paris.My omlette was just fine, though more American than French in style (big and fluffy), but my better half's crepes were so bad that she had to send them back. The server acknowledged that she did not like that dish, nor do many of their guests. I saw another guest's crepe go nearly uneaten as well. The coffee was so-so.Service was a little slow at times, but server was happy to substitute another dish for said crepes. The atmosphere (al fresco on the strip) has always been the draw here, but the breakfast was unremarkable.
4	Best place for casual romantic outdoor dining in Vegas. Mon Ami Gabi is located in the Paris Hotel, directly across from the water show at the Bellagio.  They don't take reservations, so please plan to arrive early and put your name on the list.  Wait time is usually an hour.  Ask to be seated outside, especially if this is your first time in Vegas and the weather permits. 3 stars for food4 stars for the viewThis is a really great way to enjoy the view of the strip.  Smile.  You're in VEGAS!
3	I really enjoyed this restaurant prior to my last visit.  The quality of food was lower than previous visits.  My husband's onion soup had an unappetizing proportion of cheese to soup. It was pretty much a big bowl of cheese.  I ordered the scallops which were overly salted and I tend to like my food a little more salty than others. We sat outside overlooking the fountain at the Bellagio which was awesome.  This place has a great view of the strip. While eating, my husband and I noticed an employee (we assumed a manager) who kept running around talking into a mouthpiece loudly about which stage of dining everyone was on. For example, "Just cleared apps." or "Currently on main dishes".  We both found this a little annoying. We waited for a table for over an hour and didn't want to feel rushed when it was our turn to eat.
4	What to say about this establishment, but exsquisite. The staff was friendly, and for the high demand of the outdoor dining area, the wait wasn't unreasonable. The food? Every dish we sampled was a new and different taste. Great salads, lovely smoked salmon, even the escargot, it being my first time, was well prepared with it's own distinct flavor. This place deserves 5 stars, outright, but for *one* huge factor. It doesn't have a bathroom. Period. You physically have to leave the restaurant if you want to/have to use the facilities, and that detracts from the ambience that they work so hard to create. Other than that? Absolutely worth it.
4	Friendly staff and tasty bistro food.  Wine list was extensive and the "by the glass" choices were a good representation of the list.
2	Sign this was going to be my first and only trip to Mon Ami: Having made reservations far in advance for our party of 8, the hostess refused to seat us because one single member of our party was missing in the restroom. So, rather than sit and begin to order appetizers, we were relegated to the "time out" corner until our bladder-busting buddy could join us. Sure, it was crowded, but not packed, and it appeared that we were one of the few groups who either a) made reservations or b) dressed as if we were going to a nice dinner and not an auto auction.Each of my friends ordered versions of the filet, some with a peppercorn sauce and others without. I went different with a hamburger (having eaten prior and also intrigued at what France would do to one of my favorite American inventions). I asked the burger be cooked "medium" and what I got was a blood-red mess that needed to be sent back. The meals are all served with traditional steak fries, which to me tasted like fried bits of batter and were too much like broken potato chips to eat with your fingers or a fork. Either way, it was a pretty unsatisfying meal for the $13 bucks it cost. I can't speak for the rest of the group who thoroughly enjoyed their meals. However, they had been drinking various mixed drinks for hours previous so they could have eaten fried roadkill cooked in a used gym sock and would have probably savored it with no complaints.The only positive about the place was Frangria (which I imagine implies France's take on the traditional Spanish concoction). I now believe that it was called such based on the fact that it was Franzia boxed wine and fruit. either way, it was served in a large, chilled pitcher with delicious fruit and packed a pretty mean buzz between two adults. Definitely worth a try with dinner.
4	The place:Located in the Paris Casino & Hotel facing the strip, this sidewalk cafe was busy, but not overwhelming.  Our server was a bit frazzled, but was apologetic and once he was on task, it was great service.The food:My wife ordered the breakfast crepe - wow. Carmelized sugar, thinly stacked delicate crepes, and a boat of fresh whipped cream.  I ordered a breakfast omelet which was delicious, but standard for an omelet.  The highlight of my meal was the bread and preserves.  The coffee was fine and plentiful all in all a great meal.Bottom line:If you're in Las Vegas and tired of buffets give these guys a try.
4	I love their steaks. They are quite yummy. I've also had the prime rib here, it is tasty. Very succulent, moist, and tender. I have also had the crepe during lunch. Great choice. It wasn't too filling and not too light either. One time we came here for a bachelorette party/dinner and we had to wait a little longer than our reserved time. The manager felt so bad he gave us 6-8 free appetizers on the house. We ordered all the seafood appetizers. And he was right! Not a cent charged for them! And, they were all quite delicious.Not a huge fan of the fries... but I'll live by eating other things there :)
3	I'll admit that the lovely patio, overlooking the Strip and Bellagio fountains, might justify picking this restaurant. However, if you're not going here for the atmosphere, don't go here at all. The food and service are just mediocre. The free baguettes are the best part -  the French onion soup and the two apps I tried (escargot and chips with blue cheese dip) were just okay. This is French bistro fare commercialized (those from the Chicago area will know that this is a Lettuce Entertain You restaurant, all of which I have found to be underwhelming). Service wasn't their strong suit either. When we walked in, around 6PM on a Monday evening, and told them we just wanted some drinks and apps, the hostess said she couldn't seat us for that. After looking around at the 75% empty dining room and probably looking at her strangely, she called her manager to get the OK to seat us. As someone who's worked as a restaurant server, I can tell you that any place should be thrilled to have a table like that - high tab from alcohol and quick turnover. Then our server seemed a bit out of it. So if you're just looking for a reasonably priced place overlooking the Bellagio fountains, Mon Ami will fit the bill, but if you care equally about the food and service, you'll be a bit disappointed.
5	I didn't have the opportunity to have a full meal here or anything but I liked the short time that I did spend here. Mom and I stopped by to share a pastry and some coffee as we were walking back to our hotel, after running up and down the strip together all morning. This was the perfect spot. It was nice to take a break and to just observe the chaos that saturates the strip from dusk til dawn.  It wasn't packed when we arrived but it sure got crowded as we were leaving. Their crepes are yummie and so are their croissants. A nice time doing some mother and daughter bonding, we had a good time together.
5	Excellent breakfast spot!We had:*Ham & Cheese Omelette - Eggs and hash browns were cooked perfect!*Steak Frites - Any time I can have this for breakfast I'm ordering it.  Can't believe I passed this place up our first morning, but even glad that we came back to it the next morning.
5	I came here for lunch with my family.  I must say I really enjoyed this place.  I didn't expect to wait for seating midday Saturday, but there was about a 20 minute wait.  We ended up getting a table on the outside patio with a straightshot view to the Bellagio water fountain.  There were trees in our view, but we still got to experience 3 or 4 water shows.  Beyond the location and environment, the food was quite good.  The first thing to note is the bread.  Fresh baguettes from the oven, properly made and served with a crisp crust and soft inside (baguettes aren't supposed to be rock hard).  We started with a dozen oysters (blue points, i think).  My parents have never had "real" raw oysters, having most of their experiences from AYCE asian buffets.  They were very impressed at the freshness and quality of these oysters.  Objectively, they were very fresh and tasty.  I couldn't figure out how a restaurant in the middle of the desert could have such a ready supply of fresh oysters, but nothing about the flavor or odor suggested that they weren't top notch quality.  For our main dish, our table had the chicken crepe, seafood crepe, roast beef sandwich, and the halibut.  Just about everything was good, but I especially liked the seafood crepe.  Large sea scallops adorned on a shrimp and fish crepe.All in all, it wasn't super pricey, the food was great, and the environment was fun and refreshing.  I would definitely return.
4	I've never dined in Paris before, but from what I would picture, this would be pretty close. Mon Ami Gabi is such a cute French restaurant, and if you can get patio seating, it's pretty cool outside! I went for brunch with my family, so I'm not sure what dinner is like (hence 4 stars), but their service was excellent and the food was terrific.We actually got patio seating at first, but then the day was so windy that we asked to be seated inside again. They still gave us a seat right next to the window, so the view was almost the exact same. =) We ordered a cream of oyster soup with a hint of saffron and something else. It was really cute how they brought it out. The waitress carried out a huge shallow bowl and a kettle and poured the soup into the bowl from the kettle! What a unique way of keeping soup warm...at least that's the first time I've seen it like that! She also brought out 4 spoons for us to share the soup. And it's sharable, believe me. It was really yummy too, and I'm not an oyster fan. But the color of the soup was almost like it wasn't cream, but butternut squash puree or something. The consistency wasn't as chunky though, but it was light and filling. Their French bread with the soup was a good pairing as well.My mom got the chicken, spinach, and brie crepe and that thing was enormous! It was good too, but maybe could have been more savory. Perhaps because brie isn't very salty as a cheese. My dad got the quiche lorraine, which the server recommended over the leek and butternut squash quiche, and I'm glad she did because it really was good. It wasn't too dense, but of course I'm sure if my dad didn't share, it would have been overwhelming. And it wasn't just a slice either; it was an entire mini-quiche. I think this was my favorite. The cream + cheese and bacon and onions were amazing!My sister got a chicken BLT sandwich and it came with these waffle fries, which my mom and dad loved. I wasn't such a big fan because they were a little too oily for my liking, but they had a good crisp to them . Her sandwich was really good though! And it was actually really filling too. I ordered a salmon...something with salad. haha And it was good, but I mean, how hard is it to mess up on salmon? The salad had a good dressing to it and it wasn't too overpowering.Overall, it was a delightful and refreshing brunch with very nice servers! It also wasn't terribly overpriced. I think our total bill came to be a little less than $85. =)
4	Came here for Christmas dinner finally after numerous trips to vegas and saying "I want to go there!!"  Well I finally went and it was great food.  We ordered the cheese plate for appetizer and it was to die for, especially with the fresh baked baguette that they kept brining to my table after we fell in love with it.   We ordered the 22 oz bone in steak to share with garlic spinach and whipped cauliflower.  OMG!!! it was better than mashed potatoes and was just the best fluffy, creamy goodness that I have ever tasted.  The steak was cooked to perfection and the ambience was the best as well.  I am a sucker for parisian ambience and this place is the place for it.  I must say I was a little ticked off by the staff that help the waiters at the table... they were not the nicest people and just plopped and slided the plates on the table when they arrived, until I had to say something and they they all got nice....... interesting. Needless to say our waitress was fantastic and answered all our questions about the menu and made sure to check on us without being too overbearing.  Apparently the hot ticket dinner item was the beef bourginione which I will have to order next time I am in vegas..... love that beef!!!
4	Extremely attentive wait staff made sure that all of our needs were taken care of. The food was terrific. The steak is much thinner than expected because (as it was explained to me) that is the way French steaks are prepared. Regardless, it was great. The side items were also extremely good: the Garlic Spinach is a must have.
5	Looks upscale. We went for lunch. Short menu, but I will confirm that the reviews concerning the steak were accurate. I had the steak sandwich and it was great! The steak was done medium well and it was tender. We were seated inside but in the back where there were windows so it was not dark. In fact our area was not only completely lit it looked fantastic. The waiters were also quite polite.
4	Was just there for Saturday lunch in December 2009. Started with a fresh hot baguette for the table..which was delicious. Crunchy and soft in all the right places. I got the Croque Monsieur ..that was divine! Ham and cheese and a fried egg.. on great bread. So so good!! My friend got the special of the day, which was a duck and fig open faced sandwich, which was spectacular as well. Someone else at the table got the steak sandwich..which was plain compared to our two dishes. It wasn't bad, it was just bland and boring. He ended up eating some of my sammy. My other friend had the Eggs & Beef Bourguignon and said it was mediocre at best.. Becareful of the mimosas. We got a couple..and when the bill came it was $10 a pop!! So not worth it, since you can get unlimted mimosas at all the brunch buffets for like $5. And they tasted the same.
5	Great food at "reasonable" prices for Vegas all while allowing you to watch the Bellagio fountain show. This was the best meal I had in Vegas last time including a couple at Wynn and Bellagio. The food alone is worth the trip, but when you add the fact that you can get that sidewalk french cafe feel overlooking the Bellagio water and that its priced at about half of many comparable meals, it all ads up to this being my favorite spot in Vegas. Go, you won't regret it!
4	Oh, Mon Ami Gabi. So yummy. This place also holds a special place in my heart for two reasons: 1) it was when I started becoming a foodie and appreciating what I ate (I'll blame it on the escargots), and 2) the first time I went to Vegas with my best friend and now-husband, we ate here and it was amazing.Two of us arrived for a reservation for four (the other two were parking the car). Even after being told that, we were led to a corner table with only one extra chair. The guy who took us over was in a suit, so I'm assuming he was one of the managers and not a regular server. He looked more than slightly annoyed and aloof when I reminded him that we were a party of four.Despite the spotty welcome, our server was attentive and we had a wonderful time (even saw some behind-the-scenes raging in the kitchen behind us, haha), We started off with their warm bread, French onion soup, lobster bisque, sea scallops, and escargots. Everything was delicious as expected, especially the French onion soup and the massive amount of cheese. MMM!For entrees, I had the seared salmon. It had this lemon cream on it that was soooo good. It was cooked perfectly too; it melted in my mouth. I had a bite of my husband's grilled cheese with short ribs and kinda wished I had room for that as well, haha.Our friends got a sandwich special and the trout, but I didn't have a bite so I can't comment.Dessert was the profiteroles. We all said "Oh we'll just have a small bite" when we ordered, but we absolutely DEVOURED the thing when it came out.Yes, it was a lot of food, but hey, it was New Year's day and we were living it up. ;)
4	The food and waiter service is great. Meals arrived quickly after ordering. Everything from the starting bread to the desert was delicious. I recommend the Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding. The only downside is that it can get a bit noisy, and you can be left waiting 30mins to be seated if you happen to miss your reservation-time by 15mins. But all and all a very pleasant experience. I'll be back again.
2	My food came wrong! Then they didn't even offer to substitute until the rest of the table had finished eating. I asked then to describe a beer and they brought it without telling me it was NON ALCOHOLIC. They didn't offer to take it back. Won't be returning on subsequent trips to vegas!
5	I've probably been to a better place. But I can't remember when.  Absolute best quality value and location in Vegas
4	Good selection of wine, I had their Fillet Mignon, several bottles of wine, and a nice Sorbet desert.Their food is very tasty (Too many fries, would love to see other side dishes "included"), and it is right across from the Bellagio so you can see the water shows from your table.Overall, it was a great experience, the lighting is very dark and moody so great for intimate dinners, and the fountain show always adds something to the experience.
4	Great solid spot in the heart of the Vegas strip, loud and fast atmosphere without losing a nice bit of charm. Dimly lit inside with candles on the tables this is a great spot to get a steak and frites or any other bistro style meal. It's not a super high line restaurant but is a solid choice for a good diner where you leave feeling like you had a great meal. Not a gimmicky laced place, it's straight forward and nicely put together, a no nonsense place.
5	My husband and I were so glad that we picked Mon Ami Gabi in the many choices of Vegas restaurants. We both think that was one of the best dinner in Vegas so far for us. We made a reservation originally. But when we got there, there was no line for patio seating. Because I have read so much about the patio seating, we decided to sit on the patio. It was incredible. Although there were trees between Paris hotel and Bellagio, you can still see the water show pretty well. Every 15 mins, you can listen to the music and enjoy the show without standing. The best part was the food. The bread was great, and it tasted very good with the carrot topping. We had the FRENCH ONION SOUP first. Unlike other french onion soup, this broth was very light. There was so much cheese, and the cheese was good. For main course, I had SEARED SALMON. The salmon was perfectly cooked and moist. The lemon creme fraiche was excellent! There can't be a better match. I wish I know how to make this dish! My husband ordered FILET MIGNON WITH BLUE CHEESE SAUCE. He put those two things together. It wasn't on the menu. When I had the first bite of the beef, the strong favor of the blue cheese hit me right away. Then, I can taste the beef. The beef was so tender. It can almost melt in my mouth. The frites were delicious too. The more you eat them, the more you like them! We couldn't pass on the dessert. We had CREME BRULEE. That was the BEST creme brulee that I had in my life. Creamy and sweet! The meal was wonderful! The service was great! And, the view was amazing! The price wasn't too scary either. It was about $80 for the two of us. I know that I will be coming back to this restaurant, when I am back in Vegas next time.
5	How can you not love this place??!! This is in my top three restaurants in Las Vegas. We have eaten here maybe 5 or 6 times and each time has been wonderful. Some of the best service we've had. Last time or server was a older gentleman with a heavy French accent. Very friendly and accommodating to some things that we ordered that were not on the menu. We've had steaks, white fish (light breading), salmon, crepes, salads, and this last time an omelet. All of it has been great. I'm not a big "Frites" fan and so I usually substitute mashed potatoes. I learned this last time that the potatoes are so good because of all the cream and butter that goes into it. Good for you....No. Great tasting....absolutely! The atmosphere is fantastic with the Bellagio fountain show directly across the street. At night you can see the shows every 15 minutes. The restaurant itself is very classy looking and romantic. It has the look - and location- of an expensive place but the prices are surprisingly moderate - steaks in the low 20's, fish in the high teens and lunch crepes with a salad for about $12.Oh, and not to be gross, be sure to check out the restrooms just behind the restaurant.  They have a recording playing of pick up lines and things you'll hear at the Paris.  It's English, then translated into French.  It is quit funny and amusing.  I learned how to say: "If you were a sandwich, you'd be a Mc-Babe with Cheese." and "Your father must have been a baker, 'cause you've got nice buns".  So, if I ever go to France, I'll have some French under my belt.   Hey!! That sounds like a pick up line right there!!
5	This was my third time on the patio at this classic restaurant. I brought 3 ladies with me that had never been before. I think they loved it. One was on a budget and was able to enjoy for aprox $20.00. The rest of us went a little crazy. Blue cheese stuffed olives in my martini is always the best way to get me started. We tried the scallop appetizer which was done rockerfeller style, they were flavorful & decadent. I tried the lamb chop special with thier perfect frites. The lamb was overly salty but otherwise yummy. It was served with average ratatouille. We tried the bananas foster (nice) and the chocolate mousse for dessert (lovely) I can't wait to go back!
5	Mon Ami is a wonderful bistro -- great service & a lovely menu.We were there around lunch time -- so we went with a chicken liver pate mousse with the three cheese plate. Definitely enough for two for lunch. Absolutely delicious & the baguette, butter and an excellent by the glass wine selection definitely hit the spot.  The mousse was topped with a divine mustard & merlot reduction -- didn't look real appealing, but the flavor was spot on.  Our cheese plate included a roquefort, brie & a mild cheddar like cheese, in addition to the dried currants, raisins, nuts, sliced apples, etc.  Perfect!We sat inside, so no view of the Bellagio fountains or the people on the sidewalk, yet we enjoyed the comfy & club feel to the bistro furnishings.  Our waiter was great -- confirmed & redirected (as necessary our wine selection).  We are not knowledgable of French wines vis a vis US wines, so his input was definitely useful.Lunch was $65, with 3 glasses of wine.  A great deal -- for a great lunch.We had intended to make breakfast, but overslept -- we will definitely make it there either for breakfast or dinner -- both menus looked great!
4	good but not outstanding food, sick views of the fountain, and a little too dim for family outing.
4	It's a decent, casual place on Vegas strip to chill, have some great food, and to get away from the blistering heat outside for a bit.The service is great. I asked for seats that is close as possible to patio but not actually out in the sun and they got us a perfect table. We ordered escargot baked in herb butter, scallops baked in more butter (this was really yummy), steak au poivre, and a entree salad to share between two. Everything was delicious and in good portion size.
4	I had no background information on this restaurant, and low expectations for a place located so near the front door of a casino.I was expecting high prices and mediocre food. So we ventured further into the casino, looking at restaurants and menus, all the way to Bally's. That's when we realized that the restaurant we were meant to go to was way back at the first place we looked, Mon Ami Gabi.I love hanger steak, and it was on the menu for a mere $20. We went on a Friday night, no reservations, and were seated immediately with a choice of the patio or inside. We opted for inside, and were given seats right at the patio window. Best of both worlds, it turned out, because we had all the views of the patio and Bellagio fountains, and all the warmth of the interior.We are not gut-buster buffet eaters.  In fact, listening to some frantic gamblers that evening talk about how they stuffed themselves silly on a comped buffet turned us right off of trough feeding. So we ordered the hanger steak, medium rare, and a frisee salad with bacon and soft poached egg, and a glass of wine.Loved the sauce, coupled with the thin, crisp fries that came with the steak. And I adored all that warm yummy yolk oozing into my salad dressing. Fresh, hot, crusty baguette and a pot of soft butter came to the table, along with a few mouthfuls of fine carrot salad.  We didn't need more bread, but it was so good we got a second baguette and used it to soak up the sauces of our two dishes.On short trips, I rarely frequent one place multiple times, but felt that a breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi would be good. It was good, and we sat outside this time in the sunshine, just as the Bellagio waters were springing into action.This time, unfortunately, we were in a hurry, so the experience wasn't as enjoyable. But even with more time to linger, we still would have preferred dinner there over breakfast. Of particular note in the breakfast was the bacon. Thick, streaky, but not overly fatty, flat. Like it had been roasted rather than fried. Yum.Why 4 stars, rather than 5? I love hanger steak. I love hanger steak even more when that one strand of fiber is quietly cut from the length of the steak before it's cooked and becomes virtually impossible to remove without mincing the whole piece up.  Floss is one item the TSA will still let me take on a plane, I'd don't need it in my steak. Two quick slashes and it's gone, it's so easy and will vastly improve anyone's enjoyment of the dish.Given the opportunity, I'd definitely come back for dinner. For what it's worth, Ibrahim was my dinner server, and Brenda was my breakfast. Thanks!
5	Huge place. We dined on the heated patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains. Dinner and a show.Number 19 was our server. Evidently, the original location chooses not to advertise the server's names. She (Sharon) was quietly efficient without being too cool for the room. Amazing selection of French wines, escargot (piping hot and tasty), and oysters (super fresh with a watermelon finish).The black cod was pure perfection, but they are best known for their filet mignon. Perfect medium rare, super buttery meat. The ribeye was 22 ounces of marbled salty bliss. Phenomenal. Terrific.
5	Stopped here for breakfast while out in Vegas for CES / AVN shows. It was a bit chilly so we dined inside but overlooking the strip.   The waitress was super-friendly.   We ordered some drinks... apple juice, orange juice and some coffee.   The apple juice tasted like it was just made...so fresh!   My friend and I both ordered the breakfast specials.   I had Eggs Benedict with Salmon and my friend had a lemon, carmel, cherry crepe  (something like that...can't remember what it was called) with homemade whipped cream.   The portions were huge and the food was delicious!!!     Definitely one of the best breakfasts that we have had. Would highly recommend!   (though not cheap....total bill was $52...)
5	My husband and I first came upon Mon Ami Gabi on a trip to Vegas back in 2000. We had just gone up the Eiffel Tower and when we came down we were hungry. It was pretty late so rather than wander the strip aimlessly looking for something to eat, we decided to head into Mon Ami Gabi and give it a try. We were so glad we did because it was one of the best meals we had on that trip. Every year we go to Vegas, every time we're there we eat at Mon Ami Gabi at least once. The steaks are perfect, the service is good and the atmosphere is wonderful. I only remember one time where one of the people in our party didn't care for their steak, they didn't realize that a hangar steak is a very tough cut. The server took note that the steak was hardly touched and when they found out they reason why they promptly removed the steak, asked what else we would like and made the substitution. The steak was comped and the subtituted item was not added to the bill. That's service! I also love Mon Ami Gabi's cocktails, in particular their Espresso Martini, so good!  All in all this is a great place that we go to again and again, wouldn't be a trip to Vegas without a stop at Mon Ami Gabi. I think we'll try the breakfast next time we go.
4	I liked this place a lot.  We wanted a late lunch/early dinner before our 7:00 show, so we arrived around 4:15 and asked for a seat at one of the tables on the balcony looking across the street at the Bellagio and it's water & light show.  It was a great place to people- and fountain-watch as the sun faded from the sky.I had mussels with frites and my husband had the NY Strip steak.  We were both every happy with our meals.  The mussels were in a spicy broth with onions, garlic and possibly coconut milk.  The frites were hot and crisp and plentiful.  The hot crisp baguette was one of the best I've had in a long long time.  Mmmm.Struck up a conversation with a pair of friendly locals at the next table who were celebrating their anniversary.  Service was very good, even though we were there at a shift change.
2	Is no one else disturbed by the fact that the servers have name tags with numbers on them and not names? We were served by #64. Topped off by the fact that the bread came in a bag with the restaurant's cheesy logo stamped on it and when I went to wipe my bread crumbs off the table, noticed that the linen tablecloths were covered in butcher paper, this restaurant did not live up to the expectation presented by the concierge that referred us to it. I think if we had gone in with the expectation that this restaurant was run of the mill, it would have been okay. It just would have been nice if the prices matched the quality of the meal.
4	Ate here with a group, and it was good, but not to the five-star level.  I started sharing the escargot, which was a first for me.  They tasted like mushrooms, which I guess is was most people say.  Chalk one up for the adventure but I'm not sure if I'd get them again.  Next, I had the oysters, which were good except for the horseradish, which was too chunky.  The caesar salad had a little too much dressing but it was still a little bland.  For dinner, I had the filet with merlot butter, which apparently was the same filet I had last time that I didn't especially like (but it still obviously looks good on the menu because I still got it).  It was cooked well, and the merlot butter gives it a different taste... not necessarily bad, but not what I was expecting (which is why I didn't like it the first time).  I didn't eat any of my fries and I would have much rather had something else.  For dessert, I tried the bananas foster crepe, which was delicious!  Overall, an alternative to a fancy steakhouse, but beware of the unique steaks.   The fries were excessive (yes, I know, that's why people like this place), but the desserts were good.
4	Fantastic food! Great service. We had the warm brie with roasted garlic (the garlic was roasted in someting that made it sweet and a bit crunchy). This was soooo good. Next we had the roast beef sandwich w/fries (almost like thin sliced french fries) and salad with salmon. Both excellent. Dessert - creme brulee. Very good, but not the best I've had. Service was exceptional. Would like to try other menu items. Would definitely go back!
4	The service wasn't great, but the food, my god..... was.I had the Filet with Merlot butter and I have been dreaming of it ever since. The wine selection is extensive and for that- I like as well. The pricing was decent for the quality and amount. I will for sure be back!Tip: if you pass up the Mashed Cauliflower... there is seriously something wrong with you. It was heaven on a plate. Mmmmm...
5	If you're looking for mouth watering steak, look no further than Mon Ami Gabi. They start you out with a complementary loaf of French bread and delicious butter. We ordered the lobster bisque which was an acquired taste I thought, and I ended up liking the soup a lot. For my entree, I had the filet mignon cooked medium which melted right in my mouth. The filet had some kind of butter merlot sauce that was simply amazing. The fries were a delicious addition to balance out the taste. My boyfriend had the New York Strip steak which had some kind of red wine reduction and peppercorn which complimented the steak very well. His steak was also very tender an juicy. The server was great and made very good suggestions when asked. He recommeneded a white wine called Vouvray, which had a sweet taste to it. Although I read that it's great with seafood, I felt it paired well with steak also. Basically, the food is amazing. Some of the best steak I've had in a while. This is my second time going and they have been very consistent. The portions are a good size for individual servings and the prices are well worth it and affordable for the food and experience.  I recommend outside patio seating because you get an added view of the Bellagio fountains. Hint hint for a perfect date setting or even a night out with friends.
4	Loved sitting outside in the patio overlooking the Bellagio water fountain and the music that goes along with it.  It's also a great place to people-watch, just like you would in Paris!Even though my party went to eat a late lunch at 3pm, the place was still packed.  So prep yourself for a short wait, just in case you are extremely hungry and need food in your stomach right away.Dishes I loved:- Baguettes that they give you for free!  So yummy.  My friends who spent some time in Paris said they taste just as good.- Mussels Mariniere had really good white sauce that goes well with the baguettes- French onion soup was pretty decent too.Dishes that my friends loved, but that I thought was okay:- Steak SandwichThey also have such an extensive menu that I will for sure come back to try other dishes.If you are in town and feel like some french food but don't want to pay the Bouchon price, check out Mon Ami Gabi!
4	Definitely a Must-Eat Brunch location in Las Vegas.Gosh, I love the fact that Mon Ami Gabi overlooks the Bellagio Fountains and has outdoor season that is really neat.The wait times sucked, but oh well. We ordered the hanger steak (good) with thinly cut fries and the seared salmon. Really good food overall, wasn't blown away by the steak, but wasn't disappointed.We LOVED the French Onion Soup. So cheesey and good. Also, loved the desserts of Banana Foster Crepes with Vanilla Ice Cream. Gosh, you can say that again. Loved the dessert of Banana Foster Crepes with Vanilla Ice Cream! Will come back! If I don't lose too much money!
4	The location inside the Paris restaurant is a great Strip location.  The patio is where to be.  You can see a great view of the Bellagio fountains, however some of the trees across Las Vegas Blvd. hinder the the view of the water show.  It's a great place to dine to people watch or to just get down on the food.  I ordered a fish dish the sole (off the valentines day menu), and my friend ordered the signature filet w/merlot butter sauce which came with frites (more like soft potato-ish chips).  The steak was amazing.  very juicy and tender and the sauce was to die for.  For an appetizer we had the scallops which were my favorite and also had the jumpo shrimp which was so-so.  Wines were good and service was great!  I would def go back and dine there again.  The prices aren't too bad, dinner entrees from $17-31.
3	I had higher expectation for this place, but was sadly disappointed. I've had better filet mignon, fries, and duck. The merlot butter left a dry aftertaste in my mouth that was not enjoyable. The steak was cooked a perfect medium rare so they get kudos for that. The duck my husband ordered was dry. The ambiance was romantic, but very crowded. The service was good. Overall, I don't think we'll be coming back to this place. If you still want to try this place out, I would recommend that you make reservation online because there is always a wait. You can even request where you want to sit (i.e. indoor, outdoor, window, etc.) and the front desk will try to accomodate you the best they can.
4	Don't let the fact that this place is inside the Paris Casino fool you.My Friend Gabi, you were so delish.  Paris Casino has dropped from its prime, if it ever was on same level as the other major properties so you wouldn't expect the food at this place to be at such a high level.Since the wait was crazy long for outdoor seating, I opted for sitting inside which was fine because it reminded me of the autumn brunches and afternoons I had in Paris, very traditional decor inside with dark rich colors.  The tables here just like in Paris are crammed together.  The service was great, I had the plate du jour, which was a Meatloaf Sandwich, this is a classic French Bistro so the bread they give you was incredible enough, and the bread for the sandwich did not disappoint either.  The meat in the sandwich was yummy, but it was rather petite, the fries that accompanied the sandwich was a disappoint though.  They were crispy but too thin for me, and this is a French bistro so why are you offering me ketchup?  I had to ask for mayo, and out comes this big-ass gravy boat of mayo, they didn't have any small sauces cups or something.  Besides the size the mayo tasted like homemade, French people love mayo to the point that they will make their own, and this is not home-made.Oh I had a drink which was okay too, really decent price, good joint, MAKE RESERVATIONS (online or phone), sit outside unless it is sweltering and enjoy.
3	I really wanted to like this place. a lot. I really did. I guess my experience had a bit of lackluster, but I wasn't thoroughly pleased with my visit here.  I went with my gf over valentine's day weekend for lunch during on valentine's day.  We made reservations over open table a week before and we were seated inside the outer facing windows of the restaurant.  The atmosphere of the place is really beautiful, it really has you feeling like you're somewhere french other than sitting in a restaurant in vegas. She got the caesar salad while I got the cheese and onion soup (my apologies, I don't remember the actual name of it), and while the salad wasn't as tasty as others I've had, the soup was something to try if you've never had it.She had ordered mussels for her main dish while I ordered the macaroni and cheese.  I should've ordered something else but I didn't know what else to order; I didn't like my dish at all. =TMy gf keeps raving about the place a lot, though she prefers that we go in the evening than during lunch (she says the menu is completely different at night).  I'll give this place another chance, but I surely won't get that macaroni dish ever again.
4	this place is a gem in vegas especially for lunch time dining.  we got the steak frites and also the seafood crepe .  most things are a rip-off in vegas but i thought this establishment was very fair and well-done.
1	I came here with a group of friends because I have always heard good things about this place.  Our server was friendly and really attentive which was a plus.Other than that everyone's food was average and I had a salad with grilled chicken added.  My chicken tasted like tuna.  Enough said.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a slightly lit restaurant in which I almost tripped (jk). I came here for a friend's birthday dinner. I ordered the Steak Classic - medium rare - it came with really thin cut fries and the steak was topped with a pesto butter sauce. My only qualm is that the piece wasn't as tender as I had hoped for MR. For appetizers, we ordered escargot, mussles, and crab cakes. The crab cake was a little dry but the other two were fantastic.There are so many other restaurants in Vegas I want to try so I probably won't be back for while. I'd recommend you give this spot a shot if you're in the area (Paris Hotel).
4	Mon Ami Gabi mimics a Parisian cafe perfectly. I loved the decor and we sat in an atrium overlooking the Bellagio water show, which was lovely. I had a very tasty cheeseburger (with gruyere cheese, moan) with thin cut french fries. My friends all loved their meals as well, and one of them said if he had known the Scallops appetizer was so delicious, he would have gotten 4 of them. Our server was friendly and attentive...it took a while to get our check, but we all chalked it up to being Parisian style. One very cool thing is they have carts of wine that you can get by the glass. Makes it very easy if only one person wants wine. I would definitely go here again and this time I would wear my beret. :)
5	Really like this place. Came here about a year ago with my boyfriend at the time. It was considered an anniversary situation so we had reservations to sit outside in the patio area, overlooking the Bellagio and the fountain. Definitely a great location. If you sit for long enough, you might be able to catch quite a few fountain shows, which I always love =)As for food, it was very delicious. We got the escargot to start off, which was amazing. Entree wise, I got a fish and he got a steak. I don't remember exactly what we ordered but both were amazing. Drinks were okay too, and dessert was good. I wish I yelped about this earlier so I would remember exactly what I ate, but this just means that I will have to come back again! The food was definitely very good, and I would come back anytime.In addition, the service was really good too. Even though the restaurant was pretty packed on a Friday night, the waiter didn't kick us out or pressure us to leave, even though we ended up sitting for nearly 3hrs. Definitely worth going!!
3	This was a fun spot for a meal with a couple of colleagues when we were out in Las Vegas. we had reservations and were seated right as we arrived. It was a cool evening, so I was thankful that we had a table indoors, but it looked like the patio had lovely views of the Bellagio fountain {it was heated}. We all started with a glass of wine or a cocktail & I opted for some sort of peach martini... It was delish, albeit a bit stout :-) Next, the bread - not nearly as tasty as the French loaf at Bouchon, but fine - pretty standard. A number of us ordered the Steak Frite, although two of us opted for filets, over the flat steak that comes with the dish. They're are a number of amazing-sounding topping options... anything from a shallot butter to a holaindase sauce and blu cheese topping, but I went for the Dijon sauce = a sure winner!One thing I wasn't totally crazy about were the frites. The first few were yummy, but overall they were more like thick potato chips, as opposed to French fried potatoes... I think my tastebuds were wishing for something softer, fluffier; if we went back, I'd sub the frites for the whipped potatoes, always a favorite of mine! A few of our dining partners ordered the fish of the day & simply raved about it! I think we all left after a fun, rich meal very full & happy :-)
3	This is a very nice experience.  It's a great, elegant French cafe atmosphere.  The food is very good, including freshly baked bread and a great wine selection.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The outdoor seating is very nice and has excellent views -- including of the Fountains of Bellagio -- but remember that you're sitting right on a main, heavily trafficked 6-lane road, with all the noise and pollution that comes with that.  (While the inside is beautiful, on a great day I'd still sit outside again though.)
3	Their food here is really quite good, however their customer accommodations are not so great. Hence the 3 star rating. We've been here numerous times and the food and service are both nearly perfect every time. However, accommodating customers in their very tiny bar (or the back bar, which is also small and often quite busy)while waiting for the remaining members of your party is a bit cramped and they won't budge on policy at all. If you're entire party is not at the host desk they won't seat you, even if you're just waiting for the elderly members of your party to walk through the casino to get to the restaurant. While I do understand their policy to some degree, I wish they had a, "if the majority of your party is here we'll seat you" policy instead. The food here is worth a little wait though, as they really do strive to be authentically french in sin city. Great steak and fish dishes, a good variety of wines to choose from and wonderful desserts make this a place worth visiting twice! Also, their porch makes for great people watching right in the heart of the Las Vegas strip!
2	Was just so-so for me. After reading many reviews, I had good expectations for this place, but it just didn't totally deliver.
5	I had a great experience. From pre dinner cocktails to the dinner itself. The best value for the money on the strip. Go there. You will be happy.
4	Solid restaurant.  I came here while on a girls' getaway.  I had the Steak au Poivre, which was excellent.  My friend's filet mignon with merlot butter looked really good too.  The absolute tastiest was the potatoes au gratin. It was expensive, but we ate at this restaurant knowing we'd be dropping some bills.  All in all, a great experience.  However, with so many great places to eat in Vegas, I might not be back for a little while.  I gotta spread the love, ya know?
5	This is the best place to have lunch in Vegas on the strip. The Steak and fries is all you need.
4	We got an outside table where my friend could watch the Bellagio fountain while I dig into my yummy steak with skinny fries...fair prices for good food, a place to rest your feet and people watch, good service, could do a lot worse in Vegas
4	We spent our 1-yr anniversary here... excellent service, tasty food.  We definately enjoyed ourselves. It was really noisy inside, but it made it feel less stuffy which was nice. The french onion soup & their warm bread was awsome.  The steaks were tasty, but lacked just a little in flavor. The coctails were very good!
4	Came here before going to see a show at the MGM.  Loved it!  Had a scallop appetizer, endive salad, and fillet Mignon.  The Gabitini (vodka martini with blue cheese olives) was delicious. We were lucky and got to sit right inside the windows facing the Bellagio fountain.  (Would have wanted to sit outside but it was COLD in Vegas).The service was charming and the food was wonderful.  I look forward to coming back someday!
4	I do love the view here. I am a people watcher and can view the whole strip and watch the Bellagio fountains. Plus, it's rare that I get my "perfect weather day" in Vegas so I bask outside whenever I can. I get very simple things here and they are good. I am a pate person- their country pate  and chicken liver mousse are happy pleasure of mine. (Me= bread and charcuterie whore). I usually just snack and dont commit to serious eats while watching people so thats my usual. Breakfast I've had the butterscotch waffles with poached pears and it was a nice topping...sweet, but not overwhelmingly so. I have not had dinner here yet. I've gone off trying most breakfast/lunch items, but I just keep it to those simple three usually...not that the other items are bad. Ive gotten a short rib cheese sammy, escargot, scallops gratinees, seafood crepe and enjoyed each. I just like French simplicity to go for the view.
3	The server was good, atmosphere was wonderful and I was surrounded by great friends. My choice for lunch unfortunately did not stand out. I had a sandwich and it was basically a slice of toasted bread with roast beef, poached egg and spinach on the side. It also came with french fries which was the highlight of my meal. Maybe I am ordering all the wrong things but it was nothing special.
4	From looking at all the pictures on yelp, MAGR looked like a pretty casual  bistro feel eatery, but i guess at night it's oooh la la time! I made reservations for a group of 7 and we were seated within 15 minutes  at  round table in the corner.  It was the perfect spot!  when you look up, the celings are so high and the hanging lamps were very rustic looking! I loved that they sat us at a round table.  I hate when you have a large group and they seat you in a rectangle shaped table where you have to lean forward to talk or look at the person you are talking to.  FOOD:We started with the Country pate which was too course for my palate.  We were deciding between the Country or the Mousse, but we all thought the mousse would be too moussey ( is that a word?).  the flavor was spot on, however i would of liked the texture a little smoother.  It was hard to spread on the break because, well it doesn't really spread!The Escargots were very tasty and even better when you ask for extra bread and dip it in the left over garlic pesto sauce.  I think we asked for bread 3 times, and i over heard our waiter say to another waiter, they want MORE bread???  haha. Yes we like our french bread, is that a crime?  I ordered soup du jour which happened to be cream of garlic.  Could this be a better match for me?  I happen to love garlic so of course i had to order the soup.  It was so good that my two friends sitting on either side of me kept dipping their bread in my bowl!  I was happy to share... they gave such a huge bowl!For my entree i decided to go with the scallops gratin which was an appetizer, but by the time this arrived, I was already so full!  The scallops were VERY flavorful.  In every bite you can taste the caramelized onion, Gruyere, Parmesan, and garlic.  You however, don't really taste the scallops at all.  This is definitely an appetizer to share.  Eating four of these bad boys will leave our mouth thirsty for water the whole night!  this is definitly my kinda dish as i love all these flavors, but maybe one would suffice! =PI tried a few of the other dishes, seared scallops ( it was very fishy and very scallopy.  I would give this dish 2 *.), steak with herbed butter ( the steak was kinda thin and tough 3*).  Overall, the experience, ambiance, and food was pretty good.  I recommend this for those looking for a romantic restaurant at a good price ( sit outside and watch the bellagio fountain), or those with big groups looking to get a great value in Vegas!FYI Be careful of the paper covered table.  I got a huge paper cut from it!
4	You have to sit out on the patio to have a wonderful experience. Otherwise, this place would get three stars.Champagne went well with my salmon dinner and complimentary French bread. It was good food, but not the best salmon I've had. My husband and I shared a delicious pear ice cream parfait for dessert. And the service was superb.The best part was watching the Bellagio fountain show from our outdoor seats. It was a lovely night and the show made it much more romantic.
4	For a Nevadan, I really try not to visit the strip that often. Just as when I lived in San Francisco, I try not to visit the touristy spot like the Pier, or Alcatraz (truth be told, I still haven't visited Alcatraz in my 3 years in the city). When I do visit the strip, it's either CE courses or business ventures. So when a colleague insisted on dining at this restaurant, I was skeptical of the quality of food here. I'm glad they proved me wrong. Here's why I enjoyed the experience and some tips: The outside dining area's view! Bellagio fountain and people watching paired with classic french cuisines and a great wine selection. Fantastic. I also love the multitude of heat lamps here because on a 55 degree night, my steak remained warm. And the steak. You have to go with the filet, rib-eye or NY strip if you want a true steak. The rest of the pretenders are pounded flat with a variety of sauces to choose from (definitely disappointing to look at). Another disappointment is that  they don't have a classic french dish Duck Confit (fatty duck preserved in marinated duck fat, then fried up in duck fat). So this restaurant is more Gabby than Gabi which isn't bad...
5	Mmmm...just looking at the pictures of the food we ordered still makes my tongue wag!First and foremost, I have got to thank all of the fellow yelpers for such an awesome find.  Everything was absolutely delish!Reservations is a must for this place regardless when you eat here because it's always crowded and the wait is super duper long.  I made my reservation 2 weeks prior to my trip to Vegas for lunch at 12:30.  I have also requested outdoor patio seating but there's no guarantees with reservations, you would still have to wait.  The atrium room seating isn't bad at all.  On the afternoon that we went, it was crazy windy so trash was flying all over the place and onto people's food and into their cups. The atrium room is small but right up against the window behind the patio which if weather is permitting, you can definitely enjoy your food with the Bellagio water show without the wind or trash blowing all over the place.The service was impeccable.  Our waitress was charming and had a great sense of humor.  She was super patient with us and accommodated us to the best that she can.  If we had questions, she answered honestly and didn't pressure us into ordering bad or pricey.For our lunch, we ordered the French onion soup, soup du jour (parsnip and roasted garlic), porcini mushroom soup, sea scallops gratinees, steak frites with brandy peppercorn, sandwich du jour (open faced sandwich with sliced roast beef with micro greens and poached egg), and classic quiche Lorraine.  All of the food we ordered was absolutely yumm.  There is no complaint here!  We also ordered from the wine cart they have.  It's a cart filled with a selection of red and whites and you can have a mini tasting from which ever wine is being offered.  Our waitress was very generous with the pouring and for $8 per glass depending on the wine is well worth it.This has definitely becoming a must for us everytime we play in Vegas!
4	Excellent Service and food.We sat outside and were able to enjoy the Bellagio's fountain show while we were eating.My steak came out perfectly, and my wife loved her salmon. Excellent service, and our bill want that bad, considering we were eating directly on the strip.Bonus: Mon Ami Gabi is part of Lettuce Entertain You's Frequent Diner program, so we got points good for another dining experience.
4	I really, REALLY wanted to give this place five stars. Maybe even more than five. But we got hit by such a huge downer at the end of the night that it killed my enthusiasm.The boyfriend and I had been having a wonderful night, and wanted to eat somewhere good that wouldn't break the bank. We'd just finished watching the Bellagio fountains, and Mon Ami Gabi was right across the street and just what I wanted.We sat inside, but right by the windows facing the strip and the Bellagio fountains. We got the great view without the crowd noise, smoke, and wind. Perfect atmosphere for our romantic evening.We both went for the steak frites: steak bordelaise (red wine reduction and carmelized onions) for me, steak roquefort (blue cheese) for the boyfriend.The original plan was for us to each eat half of out steak and switch plates. After a few bites of mine, I decided that was just not going to happen, because I liked mine too much!The preparations were simple. Flank steak or something like that pounded thin, with the sauce or what you chose on top. Thin cut fries that I couldn't stop snacking on. It looked like too much when it got placed in front of me, but I ended up finishing it all!But alas, our happiness couldn't last long. Our waitress was near impossible to get ahold of once the entrees were served. I wish I could give her name here, but the nametags were numbered. Not much of a name tag, I guess.I finished a few minutes before my boyfriend, and started looking around for her to get the dessert menu. I still had room for some creme brulee!Five minutes later, the boyfriend finished. I glimpsed the waitress by the bar, chatting up some other servers... and checking Facebook on her iPhone!Eventually she came our way... with a large group that she started fawning all over. They ordered lots of wine, and a few appetizers. My boyfriend and I weren't quite so spendy, so maybe that's why we got put on the back burner?This is about fifteen minutes after I finished eating, and ten since our plates had been cleared. My boyfriend and I were clearly bored and waiting, but only the bussers came by to refill our waters.Almost twenty minutes of waiting later, the boyfriend decided that we are not asking for a dessert menu if she doesn't offer, and certainly not leaving a tip. I absolutely hate not leaving something, but I had never been so angry about service in my life so I agreed.Waitress finally comes, and offers dessert. If I didn't have a huge creme brulee craving, I would have been ready to walk. I got my dessert and my boyfriend got Bananas Foster.My dessert was good, but it's not like you can mess up creme brulee. My boyfriend's dessert was huge, but he said it could have used more bananas. Still, he cleared his plate.We booked it as soon as she got us our check. We had really been having a wonderful evening, one I won't forget, but the horrible service left a bad taste in my mouth. I really hope it's an anomaly, because I may come here again my next trip to Vegas.
4	It takes a lot for me to rate a restaurant a 5 star and this one I give a 4 but bordering on the 5. Absolutely fantastic. To start their dirty martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives are to die for, best I have had at any place. I have eaten here twice, most recently I had the New York Strip with peppercorn sauce and can I say WOW! Have the French onion soup to start and your meal is complete. Great service, great food! So why don't I give this a 5 you ask? Despite having reservation we had to wait a while to be seated, but hey, I was patient.
5	Ah, Mon Ami Gabi. What can I say?  Well let's see..................Mon Ami Gabi is our go to restaurant whenever any friends or family from out of town show up on our doorstep.  The food is always excellent, the service for the most part is always top rate and mostly it is the French Vibe the place gives off. If however, French Vibes are not your thing, go for the food anyway. The restaurant consists of basically 3 rooms. The back room is a bit on the dark side where you can imagine Victor Hugo sitting and enjoying a glass of Absinthe (sorry, not available here) and writing his next great masterpiece. The front room is very light and airy where you can imagine Truffault and Deneauve discussing their next cinematic project  over an amusing Beaujolais. The best of the three is the outdoor patio, which has to be the best patio dining in Las Vegas. Pure Paris.....Fresh air, the fountains of Bellagio with music across the street and a constant stream of people to observe and try and figure out.  Be warned that no reservations are accepted for the patio, so a brief wait may be in store, but if time is important you can reserve a table indoors.Food, Oh yes.............They do serve it. You can not go wrong with any of the 3 Steak Frites versions. The French onion soup is to die for as are the Scallops.  Salads and Quiches are also excellent , and any of the desserts will please. They have quite an extensive Wine List, but if You ask for the House Wine which is kind of hidden on the list You will get a Bottle from Louis Latour or George Duboeuf depending on your preference.We were there on opening day and I can't even count how many times since. By Las Vegas prices, it is a place you can bring company to and still have a couple of bucks left to try your luck in the casino. Bon Appetite.
4	Good service? Check.View of the Bellagio water show from a patio seat on an early Spring night? Check.Yummy hot baguette, with pickled carrots and butter? You bet'cha. Delicious French classics such as escargot, onion soup au gratin, and Boeuf Bourguignon? Triple Check. We had a great time at Mon Ami Gabi. Service was on-point, food - super yummy, and the view was unforgettable! Great way to kick off the weekend in Vegas.
5	Yum Yum Yum! This place is almost the only reason I spend 4 hours behind the wheel driving to Vegas. I've eaten here for lunch and dinner on many occasions for several years now. I've never had a bad meal here. Except the time we were seated right under the vent, which was very nippy.  Every time I go to Vegas, I have to eat at Mon Ami Gabi at least twice during my stay. LOVE THIS PLACE!
4	Yum, yum, yum. It was a gorgeous day last Monday when I was on the strip, so my friend and I decided to look for a place to have lunch outside. Mon Ami Gabi looked happening, so we popped into the Paris and added our name to the list. Our wait was supposed to be 35 minutes for a patio seat, but really it turned out to be more like 15. The hostess told me she didn't want to be at work as she was walking us to our table, which I thought was a little odd, but I couldn't blame her. It was a beautiful day. Our waiter was on-point. He was attentive but not over-bearing. The French bread came out hot and delicious. And the butter was room temperature - something that is key and that most places don't do. Split the loaf with my friend and had a happy start to the meal.The menu had lots of delicious-sounding options, but I settled on the seafood crepe while my friend ordered the open-face shrimp salad sandwich with avocado. When our food came out, my friend and I switched. She hates celery and there was a lot of it in this shrimp salad. There was also a lot of shrimp and red pepper. Yum. And it wasn't too mayonnaise-y. I thought the bread under the salad was a little useless, since it got soggy, and the giant lettuce pieces were a little difficult to eat. I also didn't quite see how the avocado fit in, but I was happy to eat it. Overall, I found it yummy. The fries it came with were more like potato crisps (like the chips in the grocery store). So-so, but nothing I'd munch on regularly.What was even yummier, though, was that seafood crepe. Holy moly. The scallops were perfect - buttery, charred on one side, and just yum. The shrimp were also grilled yumminess. There was a fair portion of seafood on the crepe. The sauce really made the dish, though. I can't even describe it other than yum, heaven, something I'd like to drink from a glass. It was thick-ish and buttery. And the peas were a perfect touch. The only complaint: The menu said the crepe came with a salad. It was more like 3 pieces of lettuce tucked on the side of the plate.My friend is huge on dessert, so she ordered the profiterole trio. The caramel ice cream was delicious. The vanilla and chocolate were also good. The fudge sauce drizzled over the dish was heaven. And the profiteroles/pastries were airy, crisp and yummy.I thought the lunch prices were really reasonable for Vegas. $12 for the shrimp salad and $15-17 for the crepe. The view of the Bellagio water show made this lunch even better.
4	I felt like I was transported to a cozy, intimate cafe in France.  The service was excellent and our waiter offered us a wine tasting to find the perfect glass of red. The French Onion Soup, Roast Chicken and Grilled Salmon were fabulous. Try sitting outside so you can watch the Bellagio water show.
4	After my disappointing buffet experience at Monte Carlo the night before, I was looking forward to breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi.  It's right next to the Eiffel Tower at Paris.  There's lots of indoor seating, but the best place to sit is outside.  Fresh air, people-watching and a great view of the Bellagio and the water show!I came for Sunday brunch and got a table outside.  I had a delicious blueberry waffle topped with lots of fresh blueberries with warm blueberry syrup and whipped cream on the side.  I added a side of the crispiest bacon I've ever had.  Seriously, be careful if your teeth are prone to chipping.  The bacon is also sweet, so not tops in my book but good for those of you who like it that way.  No mimosas or bloody marys for me, but I did have a cappuccino and a cafe latte.  Both were good, but maybe a tad on the weaker side.  I mean I had no caffeine high at all!I heard the steak is amazing here so I'll have to come back for dinner sometime.
5	I had Sunday brunch here with my always attractive dining companion while on a recent trip to Vegas, and it was probably the highlight of the trip.It was a beautiful day, and we were seated outside in front of the Bellagio fountains. The atmosphere would have been worth four stars alone, but the food and service were both great. We split a breakfast sandwich and a fruit tray. Both were delicious, and the fruit tray had some of the best cantaloupe I've eaten in recent memory. We also had a couple of mimosas, which were a bit overpriced (but it's Vegas). Prices were quite reasonable considering the setting. I can't wait to come back and try this place for lunch or dinner next time I'm in town.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is a French restaurant in the Paris hotel. We ended up booking some early reservations there on a night when we had no dinner plans, and were SO pleased with our dinner. We ended up getting out to eat on the patio, no problem. It was rather crowded, but we still had a good view of the Bellagio fountains. They also have heat lamps, which made it cozy since it was a little chilly outside.I love bread so much that sometimes I fill up on it before my entree comes out. It was very difficult not to do that with Mon Ami Gabi's bread! The bread was delicious, and the butter was AMAZING. I said to my husband, "This is like...super butter." Very very buttery and yummy. Phenomenal.I selected the skate fish for my entree and my husband selected the beef bourguinon. I thought the skate was very good - well prepared and light. The beef bourguinon was INCREDIBLE, though. Tender beef that must have simmered in the sauce for 12 hours. Rich and delicious.We were stuffed by the time dessert came around. Looking back, we really didn't eat a lot - we didn't get any appetizers or dessert, but it remains one of the most satisfying meals I've had. The service was outstanding, as well.
2	Outdoor seating location is probably the best on the strip.  However, beware of the steak sandwich.  Seems like the meat came straight out of the fridge... cold, unbooked and no taste.
4	Umm, awesome. We had Sunday brunch and it was absolutely delicious. We sat outside on the patio and had a great view of the strip. We liked it so much we made reservations and came back that night for dinner. We tried the "Olive Jar" as an appetizer, along with some mussels. I had the skate fish and she had the scallops. Though the skate was salty, it was the first time I had it. For dessert, I forgot what it was, but it was great. I was drinking a little too much wine at this point to remember anything other than "cannot stop eating." The service can be a tad slow and the place can be a bit crowded, but I will definitely come back again!
3	You can't beat the location and the lively vibe here.The food was alright but I've had much better elsewhere on the Strip.
4	I love this restaurant!! My friends and I were staying at Paris and we decided we wanted to come here for dinner for my friend Sharmendra's birthday. We came on a Tuesday night  and it was pretty crowded. We thought that we would have to wait but we ended up getting seated right away. It was dark which gave the restaurant a very intimate ambiance. As we were seated, we were greeted right away and someone took our drinks. After about sitting for 15 minutes, our server came to to greet us. After taking our orders, we waited another 15 to 20 minutes to get our food. I had ordered the Sea Seared Scallops. They were quite delectable! I had never tasted anything like this in my life! I was very satisfied with the quality. My friend Jennifer ordered the Hangover Steak, which she thought was divine. Michelle had ordered the French Onion Soup and the Crab Cakes. She was very content with what she had ordered. Sharmendra ordered the Grilled Salmon and Spinach Salad. It looked so good from afar and he agreed. We were all pleased with our food selections. I would have given this place 5 stars, but the service was not all that great. Our server only returned once after we had received our food and he wasn't that friendly. But overall, the food was very delightful and the atmosphere was very relaxing.
4	Mon ami, indeed!  We wanted a nice breakfast before heading out to the Hoover Dam, so we bypassed the buffet and came to Mon Ami.  We got the crepes and quiche... and lots and lots of coffee.  Our server was fantastic and the room is just charming.  It was a lovely way to start our day.  That same night, we were hungry, but not starving.  Where to go?  Back to Mon Ami Gabi!  We grabbed two stools at the bar and ordered the amazing French onion and a warm baguette.  Perfect!  Also perfect?  My bourbon and Coke was only $6.  It was hard to find just a soda for that price in Vegas, let alone a perfectly mixed drink.  Well done, my friend.
4	I really liked this restaurant. I went here for dinner and right from the beginning the experience was great. We didn't arrive in time for the first-come-first-serve patio seating, but since we had made reservations, we were seated bordering the glass window and the deck. This means that we got a full view of what everyone else sees from the deck, which is the beautiful Bellagio fountain/water show and all the people walking by. We ordered the scallops with the whipped cauliflower and spinach and we ordered the Steak Au Poivre - brandy peppercorn sauce with fritas. The scallops were very flavorful, but a bit overcooked (still great). The steak was a bit too thin and the fries a little too salty, but also both were good. We also tried the french onion soup, which was delicious. It's one of the best that I've ever had.The service was great and the prices were reasonable. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone going to Vegas. Make a reservation though so that you can get a better "outside" seating seat. It's one of the only places with an outdoor seating area next to Cabo Wabo.
4	We LOVED this restaurant.  Great food, great ambiance, great server!  We will definately be back!  The three cheese plate was outstanding and has my mouth watering 2 weeks later!  The Bananas Foster crepe was huge and sugary and delicious!
5	I don't think I've been to Mon Ami Gabi for a couple of years, and I actually don't think I've ever been there and picked up the check myself.  My girlfriend had never been before, so I finally took her last night on the way home from picking her up at the airport.The ambiance is great... in inside is classy, and if you can score it, the outside patio has a great view.  The food is also great, of course.  My girlfriend had the trout, which was the best trout I've ever tried.  I had the steak classic for a change from the filet, and it was much tastier than I expected.  We also shared a glass of frangria (French sangria).The bill was $51.72 after tax, which is pretty good for this type of establishment.  Our service wasn't perfect as we were originally handed lunch menus, and then when we got dinner menus, they didn't come back for awhile.  But I've been here before, so that's just an isolated incident.I'm upgrading Mon Ami Gabi to 5 stars because it's a great deal for what you get!
5	Late last night after a couple drinks, and winning a hundred bucks on the sex and the city slot machine (I guess people do actually win on that machine)....my boyfriend and 2 of our friends decided to eat here. Our friends work at Paris and are regulars of Mon Ami Gabi, but it was a first time experience for me and my boyfriend. To start out, the view is great! Even though I work at the Bellagio, I never really get to view the fountain show from across the street. Everyone made me choose the bottle of wine for the table for some strange reason, and although my wine knowledge is limited I went with a 2005 Bordeaux blend and everyone loved it. We started out with a couple appetizers to share and let me tell you how seriously delicious the escargot was! They were oven roasted in a garlic herb butter and just melt in your mouth. We also tried (much to my hesitation) the chicken liver mousse and I don't know much about pate or liver (except that mine is probably mad at me), but it had such an incredible flavor. They brought complimentary warm rosemary seasoned olives to the table, and if I weren't so excited about filet mignon, I would have been completely satisfied right then and there.But, then came my perfectly cooked medium rare filet mignon drizzled with a merlot butter and I was the happiest girl in the world! I reluctantly shared half of my steak with my boyfriend, but we both decided that next time we will come hungrier and get out own cuts. Our server was great and so knowledgeable about every little detail.We finished the night with after-dinner drinks and good conversation. I slept so well last night :)
5	One of my good friends recommended this place before I left for Vegas.  I'm glad I've went there.  To get the outside patio there was a hour wait.  We said that's ok, we can sit inside, so we were seated right away.  They walked us all the way close to the patio where the cover was.  That was pretty good too.  We were surprised that we got to sit there.  You don't get the outside breeze that day and you get all the natural sun light.  GF had the salad and the soup of the day.  I had the escargot and sliced duck sandwich special.  Soup of the day wasn't great, but my escargot and sandwich was great.  Service again was good too.  If you can get there early to outside seating during the summer, you should do it.  That day was pretty windy, so we made the right choice by sitting inside.
4	The food here is terrific. I'm knocking off a star because I felt like we were seated in a wind tunnel. We were inside, close to the patio doors, and the weather outside kept us from enjoying our meal. Service was fairly good, although we were amused by out waitress constantly touching someone in our party every time she came by. Apparently she read that if you touch your patron they'd tip more, but since she didn't know who was going to pay the bill she wasn't going to take any chances so she touched us all.
5	I am excited to be the 500th person to review this location.  I feel like someone should throw some confetti on me!Mon Ami Gabi is originally from Chicago and was really excited when they built a location here on the Strip.  Over the years I have dragged my of my co-workers from around the world to this place and it is not uncommon for use to eat here several times during a business trip.  The food, service and drinks are just amazing.  This is one of the best thinly pounded steaks you can get anywhere.  I like the one topped with blue cheese, in fact I do not even look at the menu anymore.  Just bring it to me Medium Rare...in fact I have gotten my steak within 5 minutes of ordering...they are that fast.  Chef Ramsey would not have to worry about pushing out orders here.Other benefits of this location.  The outdoor patio on the Strip is just amazing with views of the Dancing water show at the Bellagio.  There are no reservations taken for seating here, so come early or late or just wait!  When I come here by myself I like to eat at the bar...there are two bars...one in front and one right by the outdoor patio.  I feel like a regular here because the bartenders have gotten to know me over the years...makes me feel like home but I do not even live here.  Speaking of the bar...make sure you get your martini's with the blue cheese stuffed olives...so good!  But be careful because people at your table will steal them.We tried something new here this week for desert...the white chocolate bread pudding...it was so yummy...I have never liked bread pudding but this was out of this world.Everything about this place makes this the best restaurant in Las Vegas!
4	This was a perfect spot for dinner before a show on Saturday night.  We had a 7pm reservation, and had to wait a few minutes while they caught up, but we were in and out within an hour.  The decor was very understated...I can't say that it resembled Paris, but it looked like a nice New York steakhouse in the early 20th century (in my imagination, anyway).  Sadly, we could not see the Bellagio fountain from our seat inside the restaurant, despite asking for it on our www.opentable.com reservation.  But our experience was otherwise very positive.Wine by the glass was reasonably priced, and earned a hefty pour.  The bottles were familiar favorites, well chosen.  The menu is very traditional - your steak house usual suspects.  We both got the filet mignon, so I cannot speak to their standard steaks.   The filets were more than 8oz each, and perfectly cooked (my medium rare was like butter).  The hubby got his with bleu cheese - I order with the merlot butter.  Both were delicious, perfectly seasoned options.  The steaks themselves were unadulterated.  The fries were nearly flat - somewhere between a potato chip and a fry, as other reviewers have commented.  I personally loved them (and you get a ton), but I suppose it's a matter of taste.  They were very crispy, and not at all oily.  Give 'em a shot!  We also got an order of green beans, which my husband totally ignored, but were perfectly cooked and an excellent vegetable accompaniment.  Bread was lovely and warm, and served in a paper bag with butter and some sort of slaw that we overlooked.  It was OK (the slaw, that is).Our waiter was extremely efficient and still affable, though not terribly friendly.  He was kind enough to take a photo for us, and made sure we were comfortable.  The people next to us were very odd, and one appeared to be obscenely drunk, but hey - it's Vegas.  Had they had a few more vegetable sides available, and perhaps a few original steak preparations, I would have given them 5 stars easily.  As it was, Mon Ami Gabi gets my full recommendation, and though Las Vegas is full of tasty restaurants, this reasonably priced and delicious steakhouse gets an honorable mention in my book.
4	What is more perfect than enjoying a nice lunch and coctails on the patio overlooking the Strip and the Bellagio fountains? The scenery couldn't be better, that's for sure. The drinks were great (everything's better with a little champagne!), although they did take awhile to get out to us. Our lunches were both devoured, a chicken blt and shrimp open face sandwich, both with frittes. They could have only given us one serving of the frittes cause they were HUGE and not really my fave anyways. Our server was overall pretty slow, but the rest of the experience made up for it. Not really that pricy all things considered either.
5	Brunch, Brunch, Brunch. Make reservations. Best eggs Benedict in the area. The bloddy mary bar need I say more. I decided to make my self a bloody Hormel, I decided to name it that for all the hormel bacon I put in my drink. Belvedere Vodka, Bacon(4 Strips), woustershire, horseradish(hand grated) tobasco and a splash of Clamatoe Juice. I could hae bathed in it.Do it just do it.
4	Ask for a view of the fountains when you make your reservation. It doesn't hurt, and it seemed to have helped us out at least. Daily fish specials are available here. On Friday night, it was Dover Sole with a light lemon, caper, butter sauce, served over slighted wilted spinach and with a side of mini roasted red potatoes. The place smacks me from the sidewalk as a tourist trap. It's located right across the street from the Bellagio fountains, the outdoor patio is situated right on the sidewalk, and it's a giant space. However, the food is amazing, and it rightly deserves the number of stars that 500+ people have given. Plan ahead if you're able to. We had a reservation (booked 2 wks in advance) and waltzed right in. There was a line of 6+ people at all times in the non-reservation line throughout the night.
4	This was the perfect place for a Vacation day in out home town. Mussles and frite's with a cold Chimay and Kettle Dirty w/Blue cheese stuffed olives. Just sat at the bar and enjoyed the company of 99 and 86 our dedicated bartenders.
5	Pros - friendly service, great food, great location, great view of Las Vegas BlvdCons - none (can you believe it?  NONE!)I really don't have anything bad to say about this place!  It's amazing.  I've eaten here multiple times and it never fails to impress.  Funny thing, I've only eaten here for brunch and never for dinner.My all time favorite is the eggs benedict.  Ask for smoked salmon instead of the Canadian bacon.  They'll happily replace it for you.  The english muffin is fluffy and delicious.  The hash browns is a nice touch.  The LGO is great as well...healthy and delicious!To be honest, I'm worried that my best kept secret will become popular knowledge resulting in over popularization and a decline in quality and service.  Do me a favor...don't go here!
4	I finally made it back here and was pleasantly surprised by the consistency of the food. Arriving on a Saturday night at 6:15pm, the two of us decided to take a seat at the bar and have a couple cocktails and an app. There are two bars in this place and you'll want to sit at the bar waaaay inside the restaurant. This is the one that has the view of the patio and the Bellagio fountains.The bartenders were courteous and efficient in a restaurant that was very busy. the blue cheese stuffed olives were delicious in my Kettle martini and the mussels and frites were the perfect accompaniment. The bar is a great place to people watch but I wouldn't linger around too long since there's a constant flow of new guests arriving and waiting for their reservations at the bar. It's a great place to start an evening before a show or a walk down the Strip.
4	This restaurant is absolutely fantastic. The price is very reasonable for the exquisiteFood and the spectacular view of the strip at night. The three cheeses with tomato sauce appetizer is to die for! I also enjoyed their mussel appetizer very much!  Escargot was okay. So...so.... but the ambiance was spectucular.... right in front of the bellagio with the watershow... I would dine there again
5	Perfect view, perfect table, perfect food, perfect company....perfect meal!Seven of us were seated at the table on the outside corner of the patio with the BEST VIEW of the Bellagio fountains.  A better location for viewing the fountains would be floating above the sidewalk, but I think that's about it!  We had reservations, but forgot to specifically ask for a patio table.  We arrived for our reservation and asked, and it was only a 10 minute wait! For the best table on the patio, no less!I'm amazed that our meal was only $45 each (including tax and tip).  That would include: Pitcher of "Fran"griaAppetizers (to share):half dozen oysters- come with shallots in vinegar, lemon, and cocktail sauce.  a bit on the small size, but perfectly delicioushomemade potato chips (I forget the fancy name) -so good.three cheese plate- delectable.  we also went through five or six of their demi baguettes....Individual Entree:I got the scallops and they were DIVINE.  I even enjoyed the spinach that came with it.  Even the spinach!Dessert (to share):Apple Tartin- my favorite dessert! (and believe me, it was hard to choose...)Chocolate Mousse- chocolate and decadentPear parfait- i don't even like pears, i loved thisBread pudding- caramel-y and amazingOur waiter was hilarious and prompt, and a great photographer too boot (group photo while the fountains were on was great).I cannot say enough good things about this place!
5	I have to say, I was wayyy impressed!The BF and I arrived in Vegas Saturday morning and the first thing we did was rush our asses to Mon Ami Gabi because he has been raving and ranting about how delish this place is. I was skeptical, but his stomach has good taste, so I went along.We got there around 10:15am and was told we'd have a 30 minute wait, which meant they couldn't guarantee us the breakfast menu (which ends at 11am). Poo. He really wanted the eggs benedict.BUT we were seated in about 15 minutes in a cozy little corner of the patio. Our server promptly got our drink orders (coffee for me and mimosas for both). She took our orders and didn't even flinched when the BF asked for smoked salmon in his eggs and I replaced the turkey in my omelette with mushrooms. The omelette was AMAZING! They put chives and cilantro on it which gave it an extra kick and made it tastier than I could've possible imagined up myself. Apparently the BF's eggs were so good he polished off his entire plate (what a fatty =P). To top it off, the waitress gladly gave me a to go cup of a refill of coffee to send us on our way.Great food, perfect service.. this place definitely deserves 5 stars!!
4	What a great experience. My father and I went for my birthday - we usually hit up a steakhouse, as I'm a steak LOVER - was a challenge trying to find one that got solid reviews, but then Mon Ami Gabi fell into my lap, we made the reservation and fell in love with the steak. Great wine selection, best of all the waitstaff was trained on how to pair the wine with the food selection. The food came quick, but not too quick (didn't feel rushed), and the environment was fun, casual, but classy as well. I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi for dates, good food, birthdays, or if you just want a classy meal. I also love that the restaurant is located across from the Bellagio and if you sit outside you have an incredible view of the water show. Enjoy! It's worth it!
5	one of my favorite restaurants.  Love to visit Gabi.  the baguette is extraordinary.  the butter is out of this world.  breakfast is outstanding.
5	MAG Restaurant provides the BEST location in Vegas for dining! Outdoor dining means watching the tourists walking down LV Blvd, but also enjoying the fountains at Bellagio! Hard to get in, but the food is great and the service impeccable. My wife and I love taking our friends here from out of town. Make sure you visit MAG!
5	Believe it or not, my friends and I got a recommendation for Mon Ami Gabi from our cab driver! On our cab ride from the airport to the hotel, the cab driver was giving us a song and dance about being able to get us into the clubs, so while he was on a roll, my friend asked him where he would recommend to eat. It was interesting to hear what he said even though we had all been to Vegas before.Am I glad we listened to him! He told us to check out Mon Ami Gabi around 2:30pm for lunch in order to catch the 3pm fountain show at the Bellagio. We went on Sunday around 2:15pm and asked for a table outside on the rail (like the cabbie told us to ask for). They told us it would be a 45 minute wait especially for a table outside. But it turned into more like 30 minutes. We killed time at the casino ; ) Everything was perfect, except that is was SOOOO sunny and hot on this particular day, so we ended up rushing through our meal due to the fact that the seats "on the rail" have to cover above. Even with that, the service was perfect, the waitress was polite and fast and the food...was AMAZING. Two of us got the same sandwich special and my other friend got one of the club sandwiches. We all liked our food. Yum! The sandwich I had was chicken with pesto, grilled red peppers and yummy cheezy-ness! YUM!The lunch prices were surprisingly reasonable for such good service and food, $9-$15! Seeing (and hearing) the Bellagio water show was so fun!My recommendation is:1) During the day, ask to sit outside, but under and umbrella!Or2) Go for a super late lunch or early dinner when the sun is lower in the sky or dark : ) It must be beautiful then!Highly recommend it, but if you need a very specific time, call ahead and make a reservation so you get to see the show! Check out times here:Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. - show every 1/2 hour8:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. - show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. - show every 1/2 hour8:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. - show every 15 minutes
4	I've always wanted to try this place every time that I've walked passed it on the strip, and I finally did!  Thanks to a business lunch that was all paid for.I came in still feeling wasted from the night before and having had 1 hour of sleep, so I don't know if I can rate this place correctly.  I ordered a bacon burger and I must say it was pretty bomb.  I ordered it well done and I liked the texture.  Even the bread was good.  The fries were as thin as onion strings and crispy; just the way I like 'em.Unfortunately this was all I could eat because my mind was in a different place (probably my bed), and my body was not functioning normally.  Overall I liked the joint and would come back another time for lunch or dinner, but this time when I'm in perfect shape.... I'm not sure when that will ever happen considering this is in Vegas, haha.
4	Had lunch twice while on a weekend business trip. I wished I would have had all my meals here. Although not perfect, they do a fantastic job in a very busy mileu. Day one I had the French Onion soup, my personal benchmark for a restaurant. Wow. The portion was generous, the gruyere delicious and the soup itself richly flavored without being salty (are you listening Thomas Keller?) The french bread was likewise great. The signature steak frites was tasty, though the very thin cut made my rare order somewhat relative. I ate almost all of the frites (french fries) at great risk to my cardiovascular health. Although I was not remotely hungry afterwards, I ordered the bread pudding. It was a little non-traditional, more like a sponge cake with caramel sauce , but excellent for what it was. I came back the next day and brought a friend. The sole special was past its freshness peak and my artichoke soup could have been warmer. Had I had more time I would have sent it back, but such was not the case. My lunch partner was pleased with his beef sandwich. Finally, the waitstaff was great, very friendly and efficient. There are a number of secondary dining room managers on the prowl also keeping things running smooth. The only other place I have had this level of service recently was in the Brennan family restaurants in New Orleans.
2	03/22/10-8:30pm. Told wait would be 45 mins.  Went back. Told it would be another 20 mins. Waited by front door and heard several groups of 2-6 people tell the seating guy they didn't have a reservation how long would it be. They were seated before us. When I complained the seating guy said their party was for six. Uh no. You seated a table of 2 then a party of 3.  We were finally seated almost 2 hours after we originally got there. Was the food worth it? Hmmmm....  No. The steaks were paper thin. Why bother asking how we want it cooked?  The French fries were greasy and cold. The luke warm soup was not that good.  The best part of the meal was the bread.  5 stars for the great bread.  The service was 3 stars.
4	Their chicken wowed me. It was as good as the chicken that I had in Paris, very juicy and tender.The ambiance is very French and cozy, too. We had a table in the balcony, and it was very nice having a dinner with Bellagio's fountain shows every 15 mintues.I absolutely recommend this restaurant to my friends.
5	So I decided I wanted to take my BF out to a nice lunch, I of course went to my handy dandy yelp app on my phone. We got waiter #32 he gave us some amazing recommendations (I think that he should be promoted to a tag with his name instead of his number) We started off with the Country Pate it was impressive , I've had better though. Then with the recommendation of our waiter i had the scallops AMMMAAAZIINNGG. I then ordered the escargot. WOW!! The sauce it comes with was so good i was wetting my bread in it to, it was perfectly buttery and garlicky. if i couldve licked the plate i would've. :)  We also had a pitcher of frangria their version of sangria so awesome. My bf had the steak cant remember the name but the sauce was wow amazing perfectly cooked, the waiter was really attentive and kept checking on us. Would bring us fresh bread whenever our was out. We were stuffed so really werent sure if we wanted to have desert, our waiter recommended the bread pudding. Now mind you I HATE bread pudding and so does my bf, but we decided to go out on a limb, WOW OH WOW!!!!!!!!!!! MUST HAVE, one of the best deserts I've had. The ambiance was really enjoyable we people watched and enjoyed the breeze and the sun. Over all experience AMMMAAAZZZIIIINNNGGG!!! Definitely will be back for brunch!
3	Yelpers (and then the waiter) steered me wrong here......do not order the house wine under any circumstance. It's truly undrinkable. It's the DeBeouf with a red flower ($2/bottle in your local corner deli) on the label hidden under the MAG name. Also, can't understand why everyone was so excited about the bread. It's pretty basic, but good I guess? Maybe it's just exciting to get something free in Vegas!The oysters on the half shell saved the day! They were sweet, fresh and the traditional presentation is lovely.The NY steak frites was meh. A bit over-cooked and bland, but not awful. I've had much better at Outback, yes Outback, really. The fries were nice however our April night in 'Paris' was chilly and they got cold instantly on my cold plate. I'd come back for the oysters, a glass of champagne and a show or two from the Bellagio fountains across the street. The people watching and fountain show view is all time. My man and I enjoyed ourselves and the decent service.
1	Wait was over a hour and half, food and view were great until the next day when my mother and I both got food poisoning. The only thing we shared and ate together the whole day was the ceaser salad, so it must have been the egg or lettuce. Needless to say the rest of our Vegas trip was ruined and I'm still recovering 3 days later. I'm so skeeved out!
5	Its about time I get to eat here. I only waited two years!! And well...it was worth it. Every single time I go to Vegas I try to eat here, but I always sabotage it Vegas style by getting too drunk to make it in, too hungover, or passing it up to head to a pool party, who needs food in Vegas anyways, right? Nope, not this time. I woke up at 8am on a Saturday and rallied the girls together to get in here for a 10:30am reservation. Ended up making it there at 10am to put in a request for a table under the little Eiffel Tower. We were seated about 30minutes later at an outside table, yes finally. Absolutely worth the two year wait. I had a crepe made with chicken and Brie it was borderline amazing! I had a bite of all my friends breakfast as well and everything was so good! Nothing beats fresh squeezed oj. To top it off our waiter was great he was French and had a cute little accent so he played the whole part really well. I recommended Mon Ami Gabi to my parents when they got here two days later and they like it so much as well they ended up eating here twice while in Vegas. I highly recommend eating here, amazing food and great service, but definitely need a reservation to get in.
3	mon ami did not live up to the expectations formed from a previous visit...had dinner here a couple of years ago...and the food was very good (i had the french onion soup and skate...my friend had a salad, hanger steak and fries)...this time around, i was a bit let down by the quality/taste of the food and service...albeit, it was very busy...but they do have a huge number of staff members that should be equipped to handle large crowds...maybe it was just a bad day...french onion soup:  wasn't quite warm enough (the cheese was starting to harden a bit and thought it could have used a bit of sherry)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=hflQyxOfAZyK3km7yeL5dAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=hflQyxOfAZyK3km7yeL5dAfrench endive and poach egg salad:  light vinaigrette, fresh endive...lovely...can't resist a perfectly poached egg with a runny center...yum!!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=pi0CUfuOae5Uo7cFqBj-_ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=Rwfmeq8hxuvYChrDWEatwghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=PWfkT5PQHGxMR0h28T0Z_whash brown:  it was okay...not very crispy...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=da9NftqMPa6Bp-pkLAL5AQbeef bourguignon:  also just okay...looked somewhat dried out and had an unappealing hue to it...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=ztBkK5d6runbB-CC3ZMsIghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=UebY0IV9oCbdgPK00WrkXgconsidering my great first experience here, the delicious endive salad, and the location/convenience...i'm going to give mon ami 3 stars...
5	I finally got to have dinner here and everything was a great experience!  We celebrated a birthday here with a group of 6 people and we had made reservations and were lucky enough to have it near enough the patio that we were able to view the Bellagio water show during dinner!The girls started out with a martini that had grey goose and champagne and I think something else too which was really good! The escargot was delicious!  It was in a pesto sauce which can out nice and hot!  The brie and garlic starter was also very delicious and it was really good with the fresh baguettes they had as well!  I had the rib eye and lots of different sides and everything was good! I love to eat my meat medium rare and it's hard to find places that actually make it medium rare! It's always more medium than it is rare but Mon Ami Gabi did a great job! The meat was tender and very flavorful.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is my all-time favorite restaurant in the world.  I'm from Los Angeles, so visits to Las Vegas are quite frequent for me.  Although the glitz and glam of Vegas have attracted some of the world's top chefs, I'm sure none of them expected to be beat by a chain restaurant like Mon Ami Gabi.The service at Mon Ami is incredibly great.  Of all the times that I've dined here, about 95% of my visits were great.  The food, the wait staff (Angie & Misty, love ya babes) and their bartender (Rick) are some of the most pleasant to have serving you.My recommendations for this restaurant are the followingAppetizer: Escargots (The best I've ever had)Entree: Filet Mignot w/ Merlot Butter (Done Blue or Rare)Dessert: Flourless Chocolate Cake (One of a kind)If you're not daring enough for snails, I'd recommend the Shrimp Gabi.  Also, if the Flourless Chocolate Cake is not available, I'd recommend their Bread Pudding in it's place.Drink RecommendationsMen: Orange Whip (Only Available Here @ Mon Ami Gabi)Women: Paris Romance (Only Available Here @ Mon Ami Gabi)Going beyond the great food and excellent service, my favorite part of my dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi is recieving the bill.  With an appetizer, entree, desert, and drink on my tab, I was surprised to find my final payment with a 20% tip to be only two digits.Great food, great service, great price.  What more could you ask for?Oh yeah that's right, the setting.  If you're seated indoors, you'll be dining under a very dimmly lit dinning hall with 50 foot ceilings.  Yes, it is that high and no I am not exaggerating.  If you're dinning outdoors (my favorite) you will not only be enjoying great food with a great wait staff but you will also be entertained every fifteen minutes by the fountains of Bellagio, directly across the street.Great food, great service, great price, great setting.What more could you ask for?
4	Surprisingly good - almost authentic French Bistro feel. I had a filet- rare. Was cooked exactly as I requested.  Service was attentive. Good experience.
5	Good food, good service, great price, and great patio view of the Bellagio fountains.  I came here for breakfast and was tempted by pretty much everything on the menu, but I ended up with the egg white omelet and sampled my husband's strawberry and banana big skinny pancakes.  Both were excellent.  I also had a ginger peach hot tea that smelled lovely and was very flavorful.  Our server was very fast even though the place was packed, so I was pretty impressed.  When I'm in Vegas again, I'll probably be heading here for breakfast.
5	So I am walking through Paris Hotel and stumble upon a jewel... Mon Ami Gabi - the French Steakhouse.  Mon Ami Gabi is located within the Paris Hotel, Las Vegas, Nevada.As a first time visitor, I had no expectations.  The service, cocktails, appetizers, entree and desert were all superb...  YES... I did say we ate a full course meal!!! LOLI can't remember the entire menu, but I started with a champagne + grey goose martini, followed by sauteed scallops (appetizer) and the most remarkable tilapia ever.  Who said you should not order seafood at a steakhouse?  I would usually agree, but not for Mon Ami Gabi.To top off the evening, my girlfriend ordered creme brulee with an additional spoon... I totally indulged.Don't miss this treat... Mon Ami Gabi is LP Certified...XoXo
4	Must-go for brunch in Vegas.Corned beef hash. Never really was a fan but this place was awesome!Good service. Good company.Good times.
5	When the weather permits, meaning no rain, gusty winds, or over bearing dry desert heat, the patio is the spot to be. We had reservations for noon but because we wanted to sit on the patio, it took an extra 15 minutes or so for a table. I highly suggest waiting for it though. It's a perfect place to rock them loccs or douche bag sunglasses while people watching and enjoying the water show across the way at Bellagio.I had the French Toast ($11) which was topped with whipped cream and blueberries. Man was this entree' dank! The French Toast was made to perfection and the blueberries definitely complimented it. I may have to go out on a limb here and say it's one of the best French Toasts I have ever grubbed on.I also sampled the Jumbo Crab Cakes ($15) which I thought was very rich but still very well made. It's not an over whelming dish. Perhaps sharing it as an appetizer would be a good idea.I didn't sample my other table mate's dishes but I can say that everyone in my party had positive reviews. All of us agreed that everything we ordered was awesome. No complaints on that day.With all the many years I have been coming to Sin City, I can't believe I have barely experienced Mon Ami Gabi for the first time. I feel somewhat shameful. I've seriously been missing out on some great and affordable French food. I can't comment on their dinner yet but perhaps next time under them city lights. Au Revoir!
5	Have been here a number of times including last night which did not fail me. Everything was great. Slightly dissapointed we didn't get to sit outside but they sat us in the atrium by a window with a view of the water show.
5	This place is a must on a nice, sunny Vegas afternoon - patio seating right on LV Blvd! And the scallops sauteed in caramelized onion sauce is def. a MUST!! Sooo good!! Their seafood crepe, chic liver pate and sandwiches are good too, along with their real potato fries!
4	Mon Ami Gabi in French means: My friend Gabi.And Gabi has become my friend indeed, a friend with benefits. Gabi enticed me when I was being driven down the strip and saw the hoards of tourists having a fling with him. Even though we hadn't met yet, the flames of jealousy were already being fanned. Gabi, stood at the bottom of the Eiffel tower replica...what a romantic Gabi is! He's a wanted man so if you want to hang with Gabi and avert your gaze at the Bellagio fountains...remember to call in advance to reserve your spot. The wait can be as long at 2 hours on some nights. Gabi will also let you dine inside, but the magic is lost without the blistering heat of Vegas and cooling views of the fountains. How does Gabi rank in his culinary skills? For French cuisine, Gabi is absolutely fantastic. His steak is pounded thin cooked to preference, his frites are unique, thin strips strings. They are addicting and keep you wanting more. His scallops are mediocre at best but simple if you just want something light. The accompanying cauliflower puree is a great substitute for mashed potatoes.Gabi, I count the days until our next encounter. You are the best friend with benefits I've ever had...you have stolen my stomach.
5	Very quick, good food, good wines, and your final bill will be much lower than other restaurants right on the StripThe outdoor patio is all the rage but you will probably have to wait for a whileIndoor seating is very nice and not too noisy
5	Excellent service, extensive selection of wines by the glass, good food (especially the sides) and if you're sitting by the window or outside you'll catch a great view of Bellagio's water show.
5	Absolutely amazing Ribeye! Worth every penny. Service was quick and preciseSeated immediatly with reservation.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite stop in Vegas for breakfast/brunch. Sitting on the patio on a beautiful day with an order their delicious egg Florentine is simply wonderful. Another favorite of mine is the chicken, apple & Brie Crepe, it is so delicious!!  Fantastic food and stellar service, what more can you ask for in a restaurant? If you haven't been there yet then you better get going.
2	I'll start off with the good things...First, I called ahead and made a reservation maybe 1 hour before we headed over. I had to call and push it back thanks to LV Blvd's crappy traffic and the people were very kind and changed it for us.  When we got there we circumvented a 1 hour wait thanks to the reservation and were seated promptly.We started off with a warm olive jar and some warm bread which was amazing in my opinion (but I'm a huge olive buff so I think I enjoyed it more than my wife).Now for the bad things...They screwed up my wife's drink order and MY drink (the Frangria) was a funky version of the classic sangria which ironically I love.  How they butchered it is beyond me.I ordered the 3 cheese plate with a side of garlic spinach since I saw some other guy recommend it on here.  Both...were...utter...crap.  The cheese plate was some $15 and included a tablespoon amount of Bluecheese, Brie, and some herb-laden cheese that I am unfamiliar with (oh btw, these are conclusions I've deduced, the waitress didn't bother to enlighten me to what the "chef's choice" actually was).  The spinach I had high hopes for and it failed me badly.  I personally love spinach, and i love garlic...but apparently the two together are a poor match.  It was barely edible w/out coupling it with bites of the steak that my poor wife offered me.Bill ran over $100 for a place that was allegedly a "$$" restaurant.  I hate to say it but I wouldn't recommend Mon Ami Gabi to the casual or the curious.
4	Oh mon ami Gabi, c'est tres bon!This was a must do for me on my bday trip to Vegas. I made reservations over a month ago, just to make sure I got a tableau before the Memorial Day crowds overtook Vegas. Be aware that they do not take reservations for the outside patio and it is a separate waiting list. We waited less than 5 minutes for an outside table. The view of the Bellagio fountains and the people-watching on the Strip could not have been better. The Steak Classique was really delicious. I was surprised by how tender the steak was. The pommes frites were cooked to crispy perfection. Make sure you save room for dessert. I complained to my bf about how I hadn't had a good creme brulee all week. I need look no further; it was heaven. Creamy vanilla-y goodness that melted in my mouth. My bf ordered the profiteroles which were AMAZING.
5	Loved everything about dinner here. From the hot bread in the paper wrapper through the creme brulee, everything was excellent!We had a reservation that we were a little late for, and were still seated no problem. The by-the-glass wine list has a nice variety of choices, and I thought it was a nice touch that they had us try the wine the way they would if you bought a bottle.Three of us had the filet mignon with merlot butter and frites, and it was heaven on a plate. Perfectly cooked and dripping in that delicious butter, it was one of, if not the, best steak I've ever had. The frites that it comes with were a pleasant surprise. I was expecting something more like steak fries, which I'm not a HUGE fan of, and the crispy delicious little potato ribbons got even better when dragged through some of the extra merlot butter. For dessert we split creme brulee and bananas foster crepes. I don't eat bananas, but everyone else said they were super tasty, and the creme brulee was silky and not too sweet. Loved it.Service was friendly and efficient without being obtrusive. And for the quality of the service and food, and that the restaurant is right on the strip, it really wasn't that expensive. I'd highly recommend it!
2	This is pretty poor French food.  I had the onion soup which was honestly the worst I've ever had in my life.  I also tried to get them to make me a crepe complet (egg, ham, cheese) and they pretty much failed.  Sad.
3	I wanted to like this restaurant, I really did and in all honestly it wasn't their fault.  Having sat on the patio in the direct sun which cooked us at a cool temp of 85 degrees we watched our butter slowly melt, our glasses of chardonnay boil, and out steak and fries turn grossly greasy.  Make dinner plans for after the sun goes down and so you can enjoy a romantic view of the Bellagio fountains and chat about the fashion sense of the people walking by.  PS.  Don't forget to order the french onion soup.
3	For our Monday brunch I give Mon Ami Gabi 5 stars for their complimentary bread, 4 stars for ambiance and service, and 2 stars to the food. The location is obviously a great plus, with its view of the Bellagio fountain and people watching. Though the Vegas heat was at an oppressive 100+ degrees, the misters and umbrellas did a decent job keeping us from overheating. The bread is phenomenal. Our appetizers were great. But the dishes we paid the most for ended up being the most underwhelming. The appetizers that were a hit were the oysters, which were plump, fresh, and super refreshing, and the moules frites, though, I give more credit to the bread for that as it was the main vehicle in which we enjoyed the moules frites since the fries were just so-so. The seared tuna salad is definitely one to avoid. The seafood crepe had great scallops on the plate, but the shrimp tough and extremely overcooked. The best of the entrees was the open faced crab salad sandwich which was great for such a hot day, and unlike the seared tuna salad, seasoned well. I got sweetness from the crab, creaminess from the avocado, and bite from the thousand island dressing that boasted some really delicious chopped cornichons. $50 per person and we had drinks (iced tea and french 75s).
4	Came here based on Yelp reviews during a short weekend in Vegas.. and was not disappointed.Disclaimer- do not come here if you are looking for a long leisurely dinner.  We were in and out in 45 minutes having eaten bread, appetizers, and our main courses, and a whole carafe of frangria.  Service was great though, but it seemed as soon as we ordered our food and our waitress put it in the computer, it was on our tables!  Started with the Petite Salad- Olive vinagrette had great flavor and just enough olive to be good, without being overbearing.  Friend had the Onion Soup- he loved it so much he did not share!  The soup was more the size of a super tall crock with cheese dripping down the sides, just crisp enough (the best part!)Main course- Steak Classique.  Huge piece of steak, and lots of butter flavor.  I was worried the steak may be lower quality based on the price, but it was actually very good, not tough, and easy to eat!   Friend had the Au Poivre, and liked his flavor, though he had a bit more fat on his steak than me (lucky me!)Definitly get the Frangria (it is just like Sangria)!  It was cheapish for Vegas, and a hugh carafe of yummy wine mixed with fresh fruits.Mon Ami Gabi is a good LV stand by- nice steak meal without paying an arm and a leg.  One point of advice- maybe order your appetizer and wait to order your main course if you do not want the meal to fly by too fast!
4	Of my top 5 favorite restaurants in as Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi is my go-to place for all things visitor, birthday, or steak and fries related. If I don't make it to this great place at least 3 times a year, something is seriously wrong. Let me summarize the main reasons why this eatery should be on your list of places to try while in Vegas (and if you live here, why it should be in your top 5)The food, service, and decor are a much higher standard than the price point. Sure- you can get impeccable 3 course meal, 5 star service , and white table cloth upscale dining elsewhere, but can you think of a place where you can get all three for less than $50 a person? I know of only two other places in Vegas that give you this level of value, and they only do it for lunch and one is hit or miss on the quality.  The steaks. As a foodie and self proclaimed grill god, I make my own at home, with only one exception- Mon Ami Gabi. It 's the sauces and fries that keep me coming back. Everyone loves the atmosphere! If your entertaining a visitor, or celebrating something with a fellow local, there is a special quality about this restaurant  that everyone loves. I have yet to meet anyone that doesn't rave about MAG. .
5	Where else in Las Vegas can you sit outside and feel the AC while the people on the street are walking in 115 degree weather. Started out greeted by a great waitress. I forgot her name but she was very kind the whole time. Water was always refilled, she was very personable and went above and beyond just asking us how our day was. She actually wanted to get to know us! We had the quiche lorraine. OMG! This was one of the best quiches I have ever had! It wasn't a slice but it was the whole pie! It was very good sized and the crust was so flaky. The egg wasn't overpowering and had great flavor. The good thing I like about this was that the bacon was thick cut! *drools* Around $12.00The crab salad was allright. It was served open faced or with one piece of bread. It tasted fresh but wasn't anything super duper special. Real crab thou. Around $14.00The bread they give you in the beginning is really cute. It comes wrapped in Mon Ami Gabi paper and is a delicious fresh baked french baguette. Great view of the Bellagio and you can people watch! Around $30 for 2 people for lunch not too bad at all.
5	My wife and I were in Vegas for our honeymoon and stayed at Bellagio.  We had dinner at Mon Ami on a whim our second night and it was fantastic!The baked cheese appetizer is a must-have, and we really liked the steak frites.  I had the one with Bearnaise sauce and loved it, my wife had the blue cheese and it was great too.We didn't think breakfast was as good as dinner - the food was good but spendy.  Still, compared to restaurants in the vicinity it was still a value.  It seems like everything's expensive near Bellagio.It's not cheap - for dinner we had a carafe of their Frangria (think sangria), the baked cheese appetizer, and two steaks.  We were out the door with a good tip for just over $100.  Enjoy!
1	Were I able I would rate Mon Ami Gabi at 0. We attempted to dine here on our last day in Vegas, but were intercepted by the rudest hostess I had the displeasure of dealing with.My Beau wanted to have a nice lunch with me before we left, and specifically selected Mon Ami Gabi for it's view of the Bellagio Fountains. We approached the hostess stand, and asked to be seated at a table for two on the patio. It was 3:45, yet the hostess grabbed two dinner menu's. When we inquired as to when they stopped serving lunch, we were told that dinner began at 4. The hostess, a napoleon complexed girl who was evidently severely jaded about her job, proceeded to lead us outside past a dozen empty tables to one far out of the way around the side... with a view of the facade of the building. Perfect. We asked if we could be seated at a table nearer the front of the patio, as we had wanted to catch the Bellagio Fountains before we left. She scowled, looked around, and said that was all she had. A basic 'screw you all, I will seat you where I want'. Again, we politely pointed out that there were many empty tables scattered throughout the patio, many of which were in the desirable location of the front. Nope. She was having none of it, and basically said that the table she was offering us near the emergency exit in the very far end/back of the patio was the only place we were welcome to dine. Enough of that, we decided at that point that dining there was not worth any amount of 'service' she or the waitstaff could provide. We left, without so much as sitting down. So perhaps the food at Mon Ami Gabi is decent, or even great... However due to a profusely incompetent hostess I did not have the opportunity to give this restaurant a chance.
4	Someone recommended Mon Ami Gabi for dinner during my 24 hour trip to Vegas, and to be honest, I was a bit skeptical of going to a chain (especially one a couple metro stops away from my home) during my glamorous vacay. Still, after narrowing down what we wanted to eat, here we ended up. Service was fine, though I almost felt bad leaving the tip for the waiter when I felt like we saw the bus boy more. We were seated quickly (Tuesday night), and there was a 45 minute wait for the patio. Though it was one of the reasons I got the recommendation, we were way too hungry to wait (and we only had 24 hours in Vegas people!!), but lucky to get a table right away just inside the patio. Food was good, and the portions were very generous. We were brought bread with butter and a little dish of carrot slaw--deeee-licious! We both ordered the soup du jour which was a potato leek vichyssoise, also outstanding. I was a little surprised at the cut of my steak (I was expecting more of a sirloin type piece, but got what looked like hangar or skirt), but it was cooked well and the au poivre sauce was flavorful. The frites were very thin and crispy to the point of not really tasting like potatoes anymore.Back to the aforementioned patio: Mon Ami Gabi is located in the Paris Casino, directly across the strip from the Bellagio fountains, which makes it's patio so popular. Since we had a window seat, though we couldn't hear the music, we could still see the fountains which made the dining experience very memorable. If you can't wait for the patio, definitely ask for a table inside it.
4	We ate here for my wifes birthday.  The hanger steak is pretty good but the steak bernaise was out of this world.  Steaks come with little shreds of potato that taste exactly like lays potato chips.  The service was pretty good and we had a nice view of the water show across the street.  I would eat there again.
1	The food is not very good. I ordered the sauteed sole and it was so bland and tasteless. It was something that I could have done a better job at and I don't really consider myself a cook. My husband  had the filet mignon and thought it tasted like it had been previously frozen. The service was a little slow but friendly. The atmosphere was very nice. Overall, it was a very disappointing experience especially considering how expensive it was.
5	I go to Mon Ami Gabi every year when I am in Vegas for work.  I usually stay at the Paris, so it is convenient.  Plus, the views from the patio is of the Bellagio water show every 20 minutes or so.We started with our usual Escargot appetizer and it is great paired with the french bread at your table.  Buttery pesto garlic deliciousness.I am simple at M.A.G.  I've been so many times, I've honed in on one item - the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter.  The meat is so soft, you swear you can cut it with a fork.  And the flavors are off the charts.I was too full to attempt dessert.  But I've had it before and it does not fail.I'm a big fan of Mon Ami Gabi.  It is a great place for a fancy dinner, or a dinner meeting, or just to eat and people watch the freaks in Vegas make their way down the strip.
3	Good food. We had cold yellow and red beet soup. It was ok. The beets needed to be cooked before purring it had really uncomfortable taste if raw beets. I had scallops - Off the wall good and my husband had steak frittatas. Amazingly melting in you mouth. Just like cotton candy. Loved it
4	very good lunch place, great service, reasonably priced.oysters du jour - pretty freshbaked mac & cheese - delicious, cheesy crispy top, hot gooey saucesteak frites - my least favorite dish, the steak was very dryseared salmon w/orzo - VERY, VERY good.  cooked just enough to perfection.the total came out to be about $90 with tax & 20% tip included.
4	Having done Vegas (at least once) every year for the past few years, it's nice to finally find a restaurant that is not overpriced, doesn't make you feel super-touristy (even while you're eating right on the strip), and has decent food.  Based on the food, I would give it more like a 3.5 stars but I'm going to round it up for pricing and service.First of all, I have to say the service was wonderful - never rushed and the food coming in at perfect intervals.  By some stroke of bon fortuna, my sister and I were seated immediately on the patio even though it was a Saturday night and the restaurant was already packed to the max with diners.  Once seated, we were served our waters almost immediately and given our very own small baguette.  The baguette was good, but the complimentary creamy carrot-based dipping sauce it came with was perfection!  I hope they put that on their regular menu because I would pay for that.Our waiter took our orders pretty promptly which gave us enough time to sit and relax and watch the Bellagio fountain show before our app showed up.  We had the escargot to start off with.  They serve you 6 of these bad boys, already de-shelled and therefore not so intimidating for first-timers like us.  They were absolutely delicious - covered in enough butter and garlic and herbs to make you forget you were eating a snail.  Their fish is supposed to be fresh everyday which is always a plus for this Californian.  So for our main course, I ordered the skate and my sister had the trout.  The skate was too salty, but had a decent amount of butter to keep it edible.  Skate is pretty tasty on its own so I wasn't sure why they had to drench that thing with so much salt.  The fancy garlic potato chips and mixed veggie accompaniment were very good however.  My sister's trout was exactly what I expected it to taste like - which is to say it tasted more like trout with butter and lemon and less like a salty hot mess like mine did.  The total bill came out to, what?  $55?  Wow, you can eat good food for a good price on the strip!  Overall, the food had some highs and lows but the service along with the beautiful views were enough to make for the beginning of a good night in Vegas.
3	Flew in here for bites on a yelp lead: did not disappoint! Vegas either has high end or low rent, there is no real decent culinary middle of the road in these parts high roller. However Mon Ami is not a gamble and delivers on minimum chips ;)
3	I was out and about this past weekend, photowalking with a friend down The Strip with the Paris being our first stop.  It was roughly 4:00pm or so when our stomachs began to speak to us.  A quiet stomach is usually a happy one, and mine was getting ready to tell me off for not feeding it.  My friend said that steak frites makes for a good dish; me being fairly unexposed to French Cuisine, I learn that it's a common dish consisting of a steak and fries.  I like steak, and I love potatoes, so this sounded like a winning combination to me.  We wandered through the Paris and looked at the menus of the different restaurants and cafes; surprisingly, the price for steak frites appeared to be cheapest at Mon Ami Gabi!  The other cafes offered steak frites for about $3 to $4 more than Mon Ami Gabi's offering.So after deciding, my friend and I enter Mon Ami and are seated quickly, indoors just as we asked.  Water was brought to our table, and we were asked if we knew what we wanted.  It's hard to know what I want when we've been seated for less than two minutes...but okay.  We ask for a few more minutes, and the waitress then explains the day's specials.  My friend and I haven't even ordered yet and we both get the feeling that our server is either having a bad day, or doesn't want to work there.  The next time she comes by, we order the Steak Bearnaise ($23.95), a steak frites dish serve with bearnaise sauce.  While waiting for our dish we enjoy ourselves some french bread and butter.When the food came, the dish was exactly what my friend had explained: steak and fries!  The steak was a thin strip of meat that we had cooked medium.  Fries were thin, crispy, and barely salted.  It made for a very pleasing side to the steak.  The bearnaise sauce was thick enough to coat either the steak or fries when dipped, but thin enough to start dripping off your food if you didn't eat it right away.  A nice buttery consistency and flavor, with hints of white wine possibly.  The food was good; something I'd travel back to the Paris for?  Not really.  My rating above is a reflection of the service my friend and I experienced.  We were visited by our server a total of four times during our meal: to bring us water, to take our order, to take our dishes away and to drop off the check.  No asking how the food was, refills on our water, not even stopping by to see how things were after making eye contact with the server.  We didn't feel welcomed, we felt like a burden to the server.  This didn't feel like a French restaurant on the strip, this felt like a bad night at Applebees.  And that's not a hit to Applebees; I'm satisfied with the service at Applebees.
5	Hands down, one of the best meals of life (...and I've had a lot of damn good meals)....We made a reservation at Mon Ami Gabi for dinner on the 4th of July. We sat inside and were waited on my Michelle, who was outstanding. When we got to the table they brought us an amuse bouche of orzo salad (yum) and their french bread...warm, crusty, oh-so-satisfying.We started our meal with a few drinks and also ordered the baked cheese. So, so good....I am craving it right now. It's basically a mixture of soft cheeses (cream cheese, goat cheese, etc.) that are baked in the oven, mixed with fresh marinara sauce, and served with toasted french bread drizzled in basil garlic oil. There were only two of us and we basically licked the bowl clean...it was that good.For our meals we both got the signature filet mignon with merlot butter and red wine reduction. I got the asparagus for my side and my friend got the fries. The portions were surprisingly large and the meat was impeccably cooked. The filet was soft and well seasoned....melted in my mouth. Without a doubt, the best steak I have ever had (and funnily enough also one of the cheapest). The asparagus was fresh and delicious. I also stole quite a few fries from across the table...those things are addictive. We ended the meal with creme brulee. The custard was sweet and creamy and rich....exactly what I wanted. Overall, a fantastic meal. I couldn't pick out a single flaw (and I can almost always pinpoint more than one). During our meal I looked around the nearby tables and picked up on a few conversations, and everyone was commenting on how spectacular the food and service were...lots of happy people and bellies. I will come here time and time again. Wonderful meal, wonderful waitress, and a price that honestly can't be beat. My new "to go to" place in Vegas.
4	The place was excellent just like I expected it to be. We didn't get patio seating unfortunately, so I will use that as my excuse next time to come here again! But then, this place really needs no excuse for me to dine...The staff here are super friendly and courteous, and very efficient. Our waitress was easy to chat with, very knowledgeable about the menu, and answered even our silly questions about the humongous wine bottles decorating the restaurant. She was very on top of everything, checking periodically to make sure everything was to our liking while my friends and I dined.Between all 4 of us, we ordered the BLT sandwich, seafood crepe, chicken crepe, and the sandwich of the day - lamb burger stuffed with roquefort cheese. The 2 sandwiches came with waffle fries and regular fries respectively. However, their fries are very different, as they are cut super super thin, so it's like eating potato chips instead of french fries. I loved this, but my friend was not quite as fond of it. We all liked our main dish though, so that was alright =). My lamb burger was juicy and oh-so-delish. The roquefort was just such yummy goodness and a perfect complement to the lamb, which was cook to a perfect medium-rare just as I requested. I can't tell you how happy that makes me when a restaurant can fulfill such a simple request such as this. You would think the request is simple but you will be amazed how many places always get it wrong.The ambiance is very relaxing and chic, posh without being pretentious. It was a lovely experience and I can't wait to go back again!
5	Great environment. Great Food. Great Service! My gf and I were running late so we extended our reservation and gladly they were able to do so. In the end, we were still very late (we had to walk from aria to take the tram from city center to get bellagio then walk over to paris).  For a sec, I thought we would have to wait in line for our table and then we would have to run to MGM to catch our show @ 930. But turns out, our table was still there and it was a pretty good spot (right next to the window). So we didn't have to sit outside and deal with heat, but at the same time we were able to see the fountains at Bellagio. Food wise. We decided to go with seafood because we had enough of buffets and steaks. We ordered 3 dishes: Mussels Mariniere (white wine and herbs), Escargots, Seared Sea Scallops. I must admit I was really impressed with the Scallops and Mussels. Scallops and Mussles were really fresh and tender. Due to bad experiences with escargots, i have not had it for years until I came to Mon Ami Gabi. And lets just say the escargot was not too bad. Also, i believe the mussels came with fries, which tasted like chips. Not bad. Dinner was served quickly. Service was great. We didn't need to rush for the show. We had more than enough time. We ended up having time to walk from Paris to MGM. Overall, this was a fantastic experience. My gf and I will be back on our next trip to Vegas.....Mon Ami Gabi.
2	I don't mean to be harsh, but I'll never eat there again. Sirloin should not be prepared that way, it was flat and tough. I've never had a sirloin that was as tough as that. I got the steak classic, sauce was good, but couldn't deliver the steak. I hear the view is nice on the patio but we ate inside to escape the heat so I had to leave my rating at two stars. FYI, total came out to $31 for 9 ounces of "Sirloin".
5	This review is long overdue! I have been eating here for years, it is always on my "must have" list when visiting vegas. I have NEVER been disappointed with the food or service in the many years I have eaten here. I love everything on the menu. EVERYTHING. Honestly you cant go wrong. The french onion soup, the bread, the steaks, the seafood, dessert - it is all fabulous. Thank you mon ami for being my favorite vegas restaurant!
4	We sat in the sweet spot of the dining room closest to the street: at one of the tables just inside the open french windows, sheltered from the midday heat but with a nice view of the Bellagio fountains across the street.The design is French brasserie all the way; the service is cheerful American. This may be the perfect combination.Let's pause for a moment and offer thanks for the baguette. It's placed on your table in a paper bag. So chic. But the taste: the shattering crunch of the exterior, the fresh and chewy interior, the joy of its union with the rapidly melting, slightly salted butter . . . You could just eat the whole thing yourself, or you could order lunch. Both are good choices.We shared the butter lettuce salad, which allegedly included asparagus (didn't see many; maybe husband stole them while I was having an affair with the bread) and a huge round of goat cheese. Briefly considered slathering the rest of the baguette with same, wolfing down the whole thing, and returning to the room for a nap. No! Discipline!Ahi tuna burger was moist and delicious. Lots of wines by the glass; the riesling was refreshing.But whatever. I primly rolled up the top of the baguette bag and popped it in my purse. Nana would have been proud.
4	Last time i went to vegas with a group of gf's they kept talking about these burgers at "that one restaurant in Paris" so finally after alot of talk we went to go try it out.  The burgers were quite yum...not your average burgers ut speciatly stuff with special cheeses and what not.  the burgers were yum and they come with a bucket of yummy fries BUT i still think the counter is better!
4	The food was well priced for what we got.  I think the service was above average but not stellar, probably what kept me from giving it 5 stars.
2	RIP-OFF ALERT: There is an automatic 18% gratuity for parties of 5 (!!!!) or more. And that includes breakfast!Other than that, the place is fine. I just cannot stand this sort of cheats anymore.
4	"I can't believe I drank that much...if I see another Captain 'n Coke I'm going to puke." "I'm never drinking again."  Sound familiar?  Well, that's what we were telling ourselves when we were looking around for a place to grab brunch.  I remember coming across Mon Ami Gabi when I looked at Yelp reviews, so my coworker and I decided to check out the menu and look inside.  As we walked into the main part of the restaurant, we were blown away by a HUGE bloody mary bar.  Both of us looked at each other with our mouths hanging open.  I'm not sure if it was because I was still drunk...but the bloody mary bar had a glowing aura around it.   It was a sign.  We were meant to drink more here.  I'm still convinced that bloody marys are a panacea for hangovers.  Trust me, try it out next time.Anyway, after we finished staring at the bloody mary bar for 5 minutes, we walked to the back of the restaurant and we fell in love.  There was a beautiful outdoor seating area and the rest of the restaurant had sunlight streaming in.  The food was great.  My coworker and I ordered two soups.  I've attached pictures for your reference. ;)  I got a porcini mushroom soup and it was DELICIOUS.  One of the best soups I've ever had.  For lunch, my coworker ordered the salad with grilled salmon and I had the croque madame.  The grilled salmon salad was very tasty.  My croque madame was very good, but I found the bread to be a bit too buttery and crunchy to my liking.  Can you believe it?  I actually said something was TOO buttery.  Butter and bacon...can't live without it. I will definitely be back for the good food, impeccable service, beautiful atmosphere, and of course, bloody mary heaven.  ;)
4	I loved the restaurant. I came in and it was gorgeous. I asked for a seat on the enclosed patio. I was reminded of a greenhouse. I was served a whole baguette with butter, which I tasted but couldn't eat all by myself.I ordered an open-faced crab salad sandwich. The toast wasn't too great, but the crab salad was delicious. They had some sort of sauce on the side too that was great with the bread and with the little waffle potato chip side.It was $14.95 for lunch. Not bad for providing me with a Paris ambiance. As I dined, I felt like I was in France. Never been but that's how I imagine it.
5	This place was great!  The food was superb, the staff was really on point even to the point of cleaning up the crumbs that were on our table.  The food was delicious and not extremely overpriced (esp for Vegas).  We managed to get some patte and corned beef on the cusp of breakfast/lunch.  Our waiter managed to sneak us in.  However, the greatest perk of this restaurant is that it is right in front of the Belagio.  The fountain wasn't working when I was there, but I can imagine it going off while you're eating your meal.
4	A friend had recommended this place for lunch. I was hoping that my friend & I could get in without making reservations. It looked packed.Since it was just 2 of us, we were able to get a table outside with no problem. I don't know if that happens all the time. But it worked out for me. I tried one of the day's specials. It was a cod sandwich with aioli sauce. The sandwich was great. But it was the aioli sauce that put it over the top.
5	This is THE place.  Order the sirloin, I like it with the butter. Everyone at our table LOVED their food.  Fries are sick. I licked my plate, my fingers and my steak knife. Eat here.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to on the strip. Fantastic to sit on the patio on a nice day/night.Being a vegetarian I am always limited to sides and salads on the strip. This place offers great sides and they also do a vegetarian platter which is a huge sampling plate of veggies. (whipped cauliflower very good!)During lunch, they do a good veggie burger.My favorite thing right now at this place is the warm brie cheese with honey and pepper and Frangria (French Sangria) - so good.Can be very romantic as you are right across the Bellagio fountain show and under the Eiffel tower. Great atmosphere!
5	The best breakfast I have ever had. Amazing french toast.  Large slices of bread that are crispy on the outside and doughy-rich on the inside. Covered with like two cups of just-softened blueberries and a large dollop of freshly whipped cream. Pour the warm blueberry syrup over it all. Heaven.  Attentive service. Seemed like they refilled our coffee every 90 seconds.  Cute atmosphere -- the atrium is light and airy. It seems like a French bistro on Las Vegas steroids.
3	Solid goodness, but not great. With some really fabulous buffets, it's almost unfair to compare a restaurant based on just one dish-- but this place has good food without gouging you price wise. Our table had the warm olive jar, warm Brie cheese with honey and escargot for appetizers, and these were all good but not great ( escargot was best). I had the steak Roquefort, and it was decent, for the price I was satisfied and didn't feel abused, but I'd rather go to a buffet. Atmosphere was nice, but not incredibly impressive either- it's hard to take a place seriously as an upscale location when you see guys roll in with suggestive tshirts on.
5	I have always walked by Mon Ami GABI and always wanted to eat there. It has a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. This place has great food and service. 15 of my closest friends enjoyed a nice dinner here on a hot July day. The server was great. He was on top of everything. My friends and I shared our meals. We had the Lemon-Thyme Seared Salmon, Prime Rib, Oysters du jour, Roast Chicken & Frites, Steak Bearnasie and Seared Sea Scallops. The food was excellent. I would come back just to eat the Oysters, it was so good! It also didnt hurt that I was with people I love most in my life.
5	Another trip to Vegas mean another stop at Mon Ami Gabi. I just can't get enough of this place. The food was just as good as before, but the service was ehh this time around. I missed the waitress from before. Our waiter this time around was here and there but no connection. As always, we had the French onion soup, a small salad, and the liver platter. The French onion soup was just how I remember it to be. Hot and gooey from the melted cheese and warming with caramelized onions and the broth. The starter salad was just mixed greens with a light vinaigrette. Simple yet tasty. The liver platter was a first and it did not disappoint. You get a generous slice of liver mousse pate. It comes with sliced crusty French baguette and pickled mini onions and gherkins. It doesn't taste like liver pate at all. It's very soft and creamy in texture. For our group's entrees, we had the mussels that was steamed in white wine, burger du jour: open face duck burger stuffed with cheese, open faced ham and cheese sandwich, chicken and apple crepe, the ever so classic quiche Lorraine, and scallops. The mussels was fresh and delicious. It was great with the baguettes to soak up all the sauce. The burger du jour was not up to par as before. It was really gamey and needed something to counter balance that taste. But it was good nonetheless, if you like gamey duck. The opened faced ham and cheese was just good. You get a lot of the gooey cheese if you love cheese. It had a comfort food feeling attached to it. The scallops was not as big as the previous visit and it seemed a little bit overcooked this time around. The apple crepe was gigantic. It's a mix of savory and sweet. The chicken the the sliced granny smith apples goes really well together along with the white Alfredo sauce. It's definitely bigger than the normal crepes you can get at the crepe stand inside Paris. The classic quiche Lorraine was just like the previous time, wonderfully eggy. Everything was just soo yummy. I think we came in with high expectations from last time so we were a little bummed. It's still nice to see the water show from Bellagio across the street every 15 minutes tho!  See you in a few months...
5	We went here for Sunday brunch around noon. We got to sit down in the patio which was nice and cool and we had the spectacular bellagio water show view to enjoy. The mimosas were delicious and the French baguette hit the spot. Would love to eat here again.
3	So, here's the scene. My friends and I are wicked hung over. It's the sort of hang over where you really need to purge a couple more times before you'll feel okay. Stupidly, we decide to eat here. We stumble through ordering before realizing the magnitude of our mistake. The view of the Bellagio fountains is great and the smell of the food wafting from other tables is probably great, when you aren't hung over. However, being hung over, this place was not good. I ordered some crepe-ish thing which came with a cloyingly heavy cream sauce. My stomach just couldn't take it. Those who know me know how much I can put away, but I just didn't have the stomach to get anywhere with these crepes. None of my friends were able to find hangover friendly fare either.*******Please note, I have eaten here when not hung over. It's a fairly solid restaurant, but only slightly better than Mimi's Cafe. I believe the primary value of this restaurant lies in the view and the location. There is much better French food for much less back home in SF.
4	I still can't pronounce the name of this place.Located in Paris hotel casino, this place is right near the entrance facing Las Vegas blvd.A friend decided on this place because of the yelp ratings.We came in with about 15-20 people around 4:30PM on a hot Saturday afternoon in the middle of July.We were seated right away, service was great!Glass was never empty and the servers were always around.However, the food took a while, but this was a big group.The fresh baguette was delicious!! Comes out hot and fresh =) yummm unlimited and free! Goes great with the butter and carrot thing.Had a glass of sangria which was refreshing and yummy =) my friend bought a pitcher and the waiter was nice enough to offer to put more ice in it.The menu had quite a few variety: seafood, steak, salad, and hamburgers. Price was decent for a nice restaurant. I would say everything was about $10-$30 a plate.The oysters ($15) was so delicious! Very fresh and they had a great vinegar sauce to go along with the horseradish. Yummy!!I ordered the prime medium well hamburger ($13) with grilled cheese, which came with a side of their frites. Hamburger was good. I loved the little pickles that came with it. The frite was yummy too, thin crispy french fries.I had a bite of the scallops and it was amazing!! I loved it!Overall I enjoyed our early dinner. I was super stuffed! I would come back again for the oysters and scallops!
4	On our trip to Vegas my bf and I were looking for a place to have lunch and we were walking around Paris' casino floor and starving so we decided to check out the menu outside Mon Ami Gabi. I was sold on their lunch selection so we proceeded to get a table on the patio.  The hostess may have lacked some common sense because she seated us at the table that was away from the fans that sprayed cool mists, umbrellas, and in direct sunlight in 105 degrees of heat. wth!? After burning our elbows on the scorching hot tables, the servers brought out iced cold water which melted within a few seconds due to where we were seated. My bf asked for a table change closer to where everyone else was being seated (under umbrellas and fans). Our server was really sweet and moved us to a table towards the side of the patio and it felt nice to have that section to ourselves.  Anyway we started off with the yogurt gazpacho that was part of their daily specials menu and it was so refreshing and tart for a hot day. the soup was served extremely chilled so it was perfect. For lunch, we got the steak sandwich with caramelized onions and a chicken blt sandwich. the steak sandwich and the fresh potato chips were definitely on point. As for the chicken sandwich, it was an ordinary chicken sandwich but the portion was pretty good.  Service was great here as well; our drinks were constantly refilled before they ever reached the half way point. The patio is definitely fun  to sit in to people watch and enjoy the view of the Bellagio fountain across the street.
4	Another very good meal at Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris Hotel-- thank you to my waiter Chris for his recommendations.  Had the filet mignon with a combination of the blue cheese and peppercorn sauce -- Delicious!!  Started with the market tomato salad -- nicely presented and very fresh. For dessert -- a bowl of fresh berries with chocolate sauce!! Just as good this morning as it was last night (It was a really big bowl)
5	Forking over a hundred bucks cash for a dinner is NOT an easy proposition for me.  And to be perfectly honest, I wasn't entirely thrilled at the selection of this restaurant in particular.  I felt that if we were going to be dropping that kind of dough, we should have gone for one of the funkier restaurants that Vegas offers.But the group had spoken, and who am I to cause trouble.  (Acquiesce is my middle name.  Yeah... not the coolest middle name out there.  But it's better than Francis.)So to say that my expectations were low, and my grumpy levels were high would not be a misrepresentations.  Of course, the fact that I was having a great time with an awesome group of people did wonders for my overall levels of grumpitude.But all of that was blown away once the food arrived.  The crab cakes were awesome, and the fillet minion may very well rank at the top of the list of finest pieces of meat I have ever put in my mouth.  (Shut up.)Seriously.  It was an astonishingly delicious steak.  Astonishingly astonishing.  At that point, I was wondering if we were going to underpay with the hundreds.The place itself is nice.  Standard high end french bistro decor, with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.  I was bummed that I was facing away from them - but really forgot all about it the second I cut into my steak.  Perfect food.  Yes please.
4	On our last full day in Vegas, my date and I had breakfast here.  We sat outside - thankfully out of the sun! - and each had the blueberry cinnamon toast.  VERY GOOD!  Thick cuts of bread with plenty of blueberry sauce and blueberries, topped with a huge dollop of whipped cream!  The only negative was my date had a little delay trying to get a black napkin as she was wearing a black skirt that morning.  If I am in Vegas again, I would definitely consider Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast again!
5	This place is a must go if you are dining in Las Vegas.Amazing steaks, amazing service.  I love their bread. If you get the mussels, dip the bread in the sauce.  It is so so good!!!Time your dinner around sunset.  Watch the Bellagio water show while you eat.  It is am amazing dining experience.  Trust me!.
4	I have no idea how to pronounce the name or what it means, but I'm a fan!  I was in Vegas a few months ago, and was very impressed by the ambiance, cleanliness, food quality and overall service.  We waited at the bar; I was on my kick of Maker's on the rocks with fresh ginger and lime and the bartender totally accommodated my request.  When we moved to the bar to patio seating, the bus boy carried our drinks, and  my ladle of ginger for later!We sat outside, and our server was kinda a smart ass, which was oddly fun.  We got a variety of dishes; pate, muscles and hanger steak.  Everything was delicious; well seasoned and cooked well.  I think we got dessert, but the night got a little foggy after all that Maker's.On top of all that, the heat lamps, view of the street and the Belaggio fountains and music going off all night set the mood perfectly.
5	Great French restaurant at Paris. Excellent food and service. Make a reservation as the wait was 45-60 mins when we arrived, thankfully we had reserved on Open Table and walked right in. Ordered the peppercorn steak, it was good. My girlfriend had the roasted chicken, that was also good. It's not  THE BEST French food but the price is great. We had a shrimp cocktail appetizer, two entres, all for under $70, that's a decent deal..
4	great french bistrowhat i ate:- baguette: i usually dont mention the bread, but this bread was pretty amazing! came out warm with lovely butter and some type of corn orzo salad- sea scallops gratinee: very flavorful, but decided this was not the best way to eat scallops. the flavor of the scallops was covered by the sauce. although the sauce was amazing. i soaked up every bit with baguette- steak au poivre: i was expecting a much more peppery and flavorful sauce. i ordered the steak rare, so that it was very tender. of course, amazing fries- skate: delicate and flavorful. the bite i had was delicoius- seared sea scallops: i should have ordered this as my app instead of the gratinee. perfectly cookedpros:- reservations: they were so gracious and accommodating. we changed the reservation about five times before we got there, and then ended up needed to move to another table to fit in one more person. despite all the changes they were very willing to work with us- food: excellent french bistro food. everything i had was cooked well- service: attentive. constantly filling our wine glasses and water glassescons:- outside bathroom: i guess this is just one of those vegas hotel restaurant things, but restrooms are always located outside. kind of a drag to have to walk a bit to get to the ladies room, especially if youre seated way inside the restaurant- price: definitely not cheap, but honestly, not that expensive either. it really depends on what you splurge on - if you get an app, if you get wine, it all adds up.... i got an app, an entree, and had two bottles (share them with three others) and got away with paying $70 - tax+tip includedwould i go again? ... im not sure. while dinner was great, it wasnt crazy amazing. there are just so many other restaurants in vegas that i want to try. despite my caution about going again, i am still very glad i had dinner here.
3	Last minute reservations to handle our party of 8? no problem! They were able to sit us within an hour of calling them ahead of time. Steak Bordelaise. Carmelized onions on steak, served with "frites". This was cooked perfectly and was a fairly large portion. My stomach was sufficiently full at the end of the meal. My main gripe with this place was our server. She probably walked by the table only once after the food was served. Both my water and soda supply was depleted, and she was no where to be seen. As I near the end of my steak, I finally catch a glimpse of her and wave her down to ask for a refill on both. She tosses my soda and water onto the table and quickly runs off again. It's times like these where I question the mandatory 18% gratuity rule. 3 stars for OK food for a HIGH price.
5	We ate here while visiting Vegas for a few days and it was the best food we had. The indoor patio is a dream. They use some sort of voodoo magic to make you feel like you're sitting outside in the sunshine while keeping the place at a perfect 75 degrees. The food was delicious and fresh. We had the tuna burger (rare) and the crab salad sandwich. Both were so refreshing and light. The housemade frites are awesome as well. Definitely eat here. You won't regret it!
4	Delicious! This place is good.just had the bacon & poached egg frisee salad and it is awesome but the star of the meal is the steak frite. I had the steak bernaise and it was perfectly cooked, huge portion and $23. I have eaten here a few times and it is consistently good. My sister took a few bites of my food and told me it's the best steak frite she ever had. I don't know if I would go that far but it's damn good. Service is friendly and fast. There are a ton of great restaurants in Vegas to try but when your looking for good quality at a reasonable price it's worth going here.
5	Once again this restaurant does not disappoint.  Four of us went here for breakfast on 7/4/11.  Food and service were great.  Location is excellent.  Love the Bloody Marys!
2	This review pertains to the lunch menu.The Skinny: Gabi is not your friend - while the view est magnifique,  the food n'est pas tres bien (2.5), Service: efficient but tries too hard with the "mon-sir" and "bon-jouer" (3), Value: not that great considering the level of cuisine (2).We've been to Mon Ami Gabi for lunch a couple of times mostly because of the spectacular view of the Bellagio. Accordingly, the food is a bit overpriced for what it is. We subscribe to the "Lettuce Entertain You" rewards so I got a $15 gift card on my birthday. We ventured here for lunch (with an Opentable reservation).We ordered the country pate, the butter lettuce salad (with asparagus, beets, and goat cheese), and the croque monsieur. We've previously tasted their lovely skate dish and their great burgers but we decided to try something different this time. Bad move.The butter lettuce salad was meager for a $10 dish. A small dish of butter lettuce with some scatterings of asparagus and beets underneath. An overly large slice of goat cheese (closer to a feta cheese than a chevre) made the salad overly salty. The dressing, a creamy concoction reminescent of ranch, just doesn't work with the texture of the lettuces (it's too heavy) nor the flavours.The country pate is yet again, overly large portion of meat with only 4 thin slices of bread. The pate is not quite what we expected. There's too much meat, not enough fat which made the pate hard to spread and not nearly as decadent as it ought to be (it might be unfair but I had a great pate at Fleur de Lys a day ago).Finally, the croque monsieur. At a place like this, a croque monsieur ought to be better. First of all, no bechamel sauce - you can't have a high end croque without a nice bechamel sauce. 'Nuff said. Bread sliced too thinly (making it too hard when toasted), with very little in the way of ham or cheese, it was hard to justify the $12 pricetag. The bread was also a trifle greasy for my tastes. The accompanying frites were okay - more like chips than fries.Despite her really laboured/butchered French , the waitress herself was efficient, prompt and kind. She checked on us frequently enough and ensured our beverages were always filled.Overall, it was an okay experience but I have definitely eaten more authentic French cuisine at a better value. (FYI -The above three items plus a diet coke would have cost well over $30 if we didn't have the giftcard.)
1	My brunch experience here was very disappointing.My croque-madame was awful. I asked for my egg to be over easy, and it came out dry, flat, and completely cooked. Not at all runny. (To his credit, the waiter noticed, apologized, and asked if I wanted the egg redone. I just wanted to eat and get going, so I declined the offer.) The bread was thin and dry, and the ham and cheese were thin and greasy. I usually expect Bechamel sauce and a side salad with my croque-madame at nice restaurants. I am one who doesn't like leaving food unfinished, but the sandwich was so unpleasant that I left half of it untouched. If a French place can't make a good croque-madame, it immediately loses a dozen points in my book.I ordered a salad. It was tiny. Nothing special. Definitely not worth $9.The only part of the meal I enjoyed was the complimentary loaf of warm bread. Apart from the food, the indoor seating is a bit too dark and chilly for a pleasant brunch. We came here hoping for outdoor seating with a view of the Bellagio fountains, but the wait was too long so we opted to sit inside instead.
4	Let's start at the reservation.  Considering that I had made one about 4 hours before I wanted to arrive and was sucessful at making one ONLINE? That was pretty impressive.  Everything about it was very smooth and gave me no problems, even for a party of 7.My friends ordered the French Onion Soup as an appetizer, but I got to try some of it.  It was pretty good, not gonna lie.  I had a very nice texture to it and was definitely still warm while we ate it through.  It was a delicious blend of salty onions, but not too much of anything.My friends and I ordered a variety of steaks, all of which were pretty good.  I ordered the Bernaise one, which was pretty good and probably why I gave it the 4 stars.  The meat was medium-cooked as I had ordered it, but my friend who had ordered medium-rare was a little too cooked for it to be considered close to rare.  But other than that the quality of the meat was pretty good, and the difference sauces for the steaks seemed to go well with all of them, although I did wish that my Bernaise sauce was a little stronger and had a little more kick to it.  Service was pretty good; they kept coming back to check up on us, however they were a little pushy on trying to get us to order more, like a bottle of wine, which we did anyways.  I won't comment on the wine because I haven't had much experience with wine, but I thought it tasted fine and pretty good with my steak.So, overall4-4.5 starspretty good quality steakexcellent service (reservations included)seemed to have a good wine selection
5	Was it a bit tourist-y to sit on the patio strictly to watch the Bellagio fountain shows? Yes! Was it worth it? Absolutely.  Not only was the scenery second to none, but the food we enjoyed was a treat, as well. We were able to get seated on the patio in about twenty minutes without a reservation during dinner, which was very nice also.As we had been pretty gluttenous already, we decided to share a few items instead of ordering full meals.  We shared a delicious and reasonably-priced bottle of Vouvray, the best french onion soup I have ever tasted, a huge fresh crab cake, and an order of frites, which are very crispy and salty.  It was really tremendous, and our server was prompt and helpful in menu selections.  I practically had to be rolled out onto the Strip following the shared meal.  I can see that many Yelpers have had varying experiences at Gabi... some as great as mine, while some were left feeling disappointed.  I think if you are looking for a scenic place to enjoy a meal, you won't be disappointed if:  you are seated on the patio, sample the french onion soup and share a nice bottle of wine.  I might go elsewhere for an unrivaled steak dinner, but the experience I had was exactly what I was looking for.
5	Delicious everything, great service, great setting and inside a hotel I'm very fond of. Came for a nice dinner out with my mom while she was in town and I wanted to try Mon Ami Gabi; it was definitely the right choice. Our waiter was very attentive without being overbearing (that's hard to do since he came around often but was just so polite and not pushy at all). We had reservations for 8 pm and when we arrived had a 10 minute wait, so we went to the bar to grab drinks in that time. I had a Bloody Mary and my mom had a Lemon Drop Martini (very good). We were seated just in front of the kitchen so there was a lot of traffic going by. In some restaurants I think it can be annoying but it didn't bother me here. Everyone seems very professional, which is how it should be! A lot of people dress up but there are also others dressed casually, so whatever floats your boat, but they do have a no sleeveless shirts requirement for men.I had the French Onion Soup (yum), my mother had the Chicken Liver Pate which she absolutely loved (I don't really like or dislike pate so my opinion is void), and then we shared the Hanger Steak (the merlot butter was so delicious) and the Seared Sea Scallops. I ordered the steak medium rare but would get medium next time since it was a little tough to cut. Those are seriously the best scallops I've ever had, tasty and soooo tender. My mother also had 2 glasses of the Sauvignon Blanc which was very very smooth. What was refreshing to me was the music. It wasn't just piano instrumentals to fall asleep to, but they played a lot of Norah Jones mixed in with contemporary soft rock/pop songs. That might sound weird how I'm describing it but it was contemporary while still being appropriate for the setting.Our total was just over $100 including drinks and tip which I completely think is worth it for fine dining without being stuffy and amazing food all around. We were too full for dessert but I'll definitely be back for that steak and to experiment with their specialty drinks menu. I'd also like to sit outside when the weather isn't too hot, it's fun to people watch!
5	Wonderful food, great service and the soups are always good!
5	This is probably one of the best steakhouses I have tried. Its definitely a tourist attraction, but who cares if the food is delicious and the service is great..right? The atmosphere is dark, dim lights and fancy decorations. To sit outside, it takes about 30-45 minutes, but we were all too famished to wait any longer. The waiters were kind and helpful. Our waiter came around every 5 to 10 minutes or so and water was immediately poured. Thats what I call REAL customer service.  I ordered the filet minon avec de frites with the creamy  butter sauce  instead of the red wine (forgot what it was called). And I must say that the meat was perfectly cooked. It was so tender and juicy, it had the right amount of salt and pepper - you didn't need to put any more. Most steakhouses fail to cook their meat right because they usually come out burnt, overcooked and rubbery, but this place surpassed the failure. The fries weren't the thick potatoey kind, but they were different (in a good way). Their fries texture were somewhat similar to Potato Chips or Pik-Nik fries. It was combination of those with real fries. if that makes any sense lol. The portions are a lot smaller than what most steakhouses serve, but you will be very full.  I was unable to finish the rest of my own plate! The meat is cut in shorter pieces, but they are pretty thick. My family ordered all different kinds of steaks and tried from each one and all of them were pretty delicious. None overcooked  or rubbery whatsover. I will be sure to come back to this place once I come back to visit Vegas again. I recommend this place for those who enjoy steak.  I hope it remains the same.
3	Met coworkers here for Sunday brunch on one of the rare fabulous day, where Vegas is actually not hot as he11 in the middle of Aug.  Thank the rains early this morning and the slightly overcast sky for the awesome 90F temperature.Anyway, we were seated in the patio area facing the Fountain of Bellagio.  Unfortunately we were way too early for any of that signature spectacle, otherwise it would have been an memorable end to a fantastic casual breakfast with friends. But let's get down to the meat of the review.The restaurant was not full inside when we arrived, and we were greeted by three friendly hostesses at the front desk.  The patio seating area was completely packed by 9am, so business was excellent.  Our waitress greeted us with a friendly smile, took our coffee order and proceeded to explain the specials of the day.  We ended up ordering a mushroom omlete, crepe-like stake of cinnamon pancakes (these were huge), and I ordered the special eggs benedict (served with roast beef and caramelized onions).Overall, I wasn't impressed with the food and here are my reasons:The Hollandaise Sauce for my eggs benedict was already starting to break when it was served.  The roast beef was way overcooked and there were very little of it tucked under the poached eggs.  The side of "breakfast potatoes" aka hash browns reminded me of Denny's.The mushroom omelet was okay. It is nothing fancy, and you can probably get similar quality omelet at IHOP, but the view and ambiance is better here.The crepe-like pancakes - these were nice and thin and fluffy. The flavor was excellent.  Worth it, since the food is delicious and more unique.Service:  Excellent & friendly!  Our coffee cups were frequently refilled. Condiments we asked for to make the meal better were delivered in a timely manner.Price: includes the Vegas Strip premium.Suggestions: For breakfast, stick to the fruit or non-savory breakfast items, it appears to be better.  Or come for dinner and lunch since those offerings appears to look better.
4	I was able to try the salmon dish and also the filet mignon w/ merlot sauce.  they were able to impress me on both dishes.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is a great choice for lunch or dinner on the Strip. The service is very good, and it's not as expensive as a lot of other places further up the Strip in the Venetian or Palazzo. In addition, the scene outside is unmatched, and being on the patio across from the Bellagio fountains is a romantic setting. Everything I've had here was well above average, the tomato salad, escargot, steak au poivre were good, but the frites and profiteroles were amazing.
5	I absolutely love this French steakhouse. I have to go to Vegas often for work, which does not make me happy, but I always cheer myself up with the prospect of going here for dinner. The interior is cool, very French, lots of light, but I like sitting outside in the evening to enjoy the Bellagio fountain shows. The restaurant's patio is directly across the street from the Bellagio. Now the food: woohoo! My favorite salad is the endive salad. It is extremely fresh and flavorful. I love the filet mignon here. They typically serve it in a merlot reduction, but I prefer to get it with the butter herb sauce, which is delicious and much lighter than it sounds. The pommes frittes are perfect, thin, crispy, great seasoning. And the flavors you will find here are indeed French.
4	Next time I'll make sure I make reservations for the outdoor seating since its directly adjacent to the bellagio watershow, but the inside of the restaurant was nice as well. Make a note that you must have somewhat formal attire or else they won't seat you. They weren't too pricey for the amount of food you get, you can definitely order one entree for two and an appetizer and that would fill you up, they also give you warm fresh baguette as well. I had the sole fish with frittes and veggies and it was amazing... melts in your mouth and puts a smile on your face for sure! French onion soup was pretty good, it's a pretty big bowl so don't underestimate the portions they give you. I think every entree ordered at the table including the salmon salad was delicious. For a table of 4 entrees and 1 appetizer, the bill came out to be $90, not too bad for a nice restaurant in vegas.
2	For some reason our visitors from out of town want to head to Mon Ami. I only oblige them cuz I am a good host and I am a sucker for the view while sitting on the sidewalk. Other than the view, I just don't see it. Mediocre food to give it a compliment. As a steak house...there are over a hundred mo betta in Sin City.
4	I always seem to stop here for dinner when I get into Vegas.  This time around I had the scallops and my husband had the salmon.  Scallops were good and the salmon was absolutely delicious.  I would recommend the Merlot butter filet Mignon but if you are not a steak fan then I would recommend the salmon.  The salmon was just cooked perfectly, not to dry but absolutely moist and with the rice underneath with the lemon flavor it brought out the flavor of the fish.....yummalicious!This is a great place to watch the water show across at Bellagio.  Reservations is a must because the line can get long at prime time and it is at first time first come for the patio, but I've found if you come around 5:30- 6:30 you have a great chance of getting patio seating.  Service was excellent every time I go there and I know every time I go to Vegas we will always stop at Mon Ami Gabi for dinner.
5	Just like France.Well I have never been but it seems right. I have worked with enough Frenchmen to know that this is the way a French kitchen and service is to run.Our server came with speed and accuracy. I noted all the little details as a Chef. The waiter passed our table numerous times, slowly, in case we needed to call. A masterful waiter will anticipate your needs and make themselves readily available. This was bliss.Not to mention the food was cooked to succulent perfection. My steak was juicy and topped with a Gorgonzola heaven. While my beautiful partner ordered some anti-salty corned beef. I came out of this place unlike any other place in Vegas, only down $60 bucks and happier than when I came in.
1	I've been to Mon Ami Gabi plenty of times -- and so I trusted it would be a  reliable dinner spot last time I was in Vegas. (July 25).  The patio is generally highly sought after, as it provides a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. Surprising, even in 100 degree heat, there was an hour wait for the patio.  We elected for the inside and immediate seating.We were sat in front of the giant swinging doors where the servers/runners come out with all the food -- which meant that every few seconds the ambient light vanished and all I could see were giant flourescents and an assembly line worth of staff in the kitchen.  I wasn't pleased, but I knew I could "manage."Our server, Sarah, was nice enough, although I could tell just how corporatized the restaurant was (I never felt she was talking to me, but rather over me, as though there were too many other important things that needed her attention).  My boyfriend and I only eat organic meat, and so we were turned off by their "grain-fed" steaks advertised on the menu.  Instead, we went with $100 worth of appetizers and sides. Let me preface that all the items were simple items and nothing that required a long cook time.  We started with the chips and dip.  My boyfriend and I thought that these sounded good on the menu.  When we got them we thought they were like store bought Ruffles.  Fellow yelpers, pass on those, unless you are craving a generic potato chip.  (When we asked Sarah how they were, she didn't exactly give us an honest answer).I ordered a Caesar salad and the BF ordered the Tomato Salad.  Mine was $8.95 and his was $9.95.  His sucked.  The tomatoes tasted mealy and old.  My caesar was definitely better.  I considered it a save from the horrible chips.We also ordered the Mac and Cheese, Scallop app, crab cake, and steamed asparagus.  There were 2 tables on either side of us.  Each of those tables had their STEAK dinners looooooonnnngggg before we got the items we ordered.  I even called a manager over to complain as it had been well over 35 minutes since we finished our salads (and unfortunately, the wine hadn't got me buzzed enough to ignore my stomach).He quickly brought out the scallops and crab cake -- but no mac and cheese or asparagus.  When I looked at him confused, he said "was there anything else?"  I was pretty annoyed.  He then brought out the mac and cheese and their garlic spinach.  I told him I didn't order the garlic spinach and he said "well why don't you keep it because we'll just throw it out." So I did, and he brought the asparagus.The crab cake was just ok as was the scallop.  We both have had better.  The mac and cheese was good enough and so was the asparagus.  The "free" spinach was horrible.  Overly sauteed and buttered.When the bill came, I noticed that I in fact was charged for the "free spinach" and then credited for it.  It appeared I was also credited for the asparagus.  I asked the server quite simply," after all that you are comping me $7?  It was insulting.I'll never go back.  I was overly disappointed in the service, the management and the food.Au Revoir Mon Ami Gabi.
5	I live in San Diego mostly, but I've also had a place in Vegas for the last 4 years, and I've partied and eaten my ass off at every place there is.  That being said, this restaurant, by far, is one of THE BEST in Vegas for French Cuisine.  Not only is the food and service superb, but the ambiance is great.  Its a half outdoor/half indoor set-up right along the strip.  Start off with The Chicken Liver Mousse, Escargot, and Smoked Salmon.  The Roasted Chicken and Hand Cut Beef are two great choices for Entrees.Make sure you grab a couple great bottles of wine to pair with your meal (ask your waiter if you're not a wine connoisseur.)  Love it.
5	This place is awesome! Great view, great steak, and great service. This is a must eat in Vegas for budget steak. The $20 hanger steak with mashed potatoes was great stuff. I know good steak and Mon Ami Gabi did amazing. This place was really crowded but they got us seated quickly. The appetizers were so so but the steak and mashed potatoes changed my attitude about this place immediately. Do not order the french onion soup. Very tasteless. STEAK STEAK STEAK with merlot butter! Recommendation: Hanger Steak w/ Mashed Potatoes.Note to try: French Toast dessert
5	The patio is perfect and the food is really good. My favorite dishes thus far are the chocolate and bacon waffles, the bananas foster waffles (foster sauce on the side), steak frites and the corned beef hash. The bacon is perfect. I wasn't too crazy about the lemon pancakes. I can't wait to try dinner here. I plan to order a steak.
5	The top 3 words to an ideal property is location location location!!!!! Mon Ami Gabi has completely captured that. Not going to lie, but even if the food was bad, people would still come in, watch the Bellagio show, and probably leave a little unhappy but still glad they got a pretty good seat.But here's the thing - they serve GOOD food.. great food I would say and at completely reasonable prices, not to mention the free music / water show across the street. We were able to make reservations for 9:30 after the Chris Angel show at the luxor, and although the patio is first come first serve, it happened to open up before our inside dining room table was ready. The waitress was patient, polite and helpful. We all got a great view of the bellagio which was breathtaking.I ordered the salmon that came with a bed of orzo. The portion was extremely large and the salmon was cooked beautifully. The orzo was well seasoned and I enjoyed every last bite. Watching my friends - their dishes were huge, including the size of mussels which looked like they had doubled in regular size. The fries ordered were unique, skinny and flat, something I've never tried before.No one's bank was broken after this as prices ranged anywhere from $ 15 - $25 dollars.. and a bit more expensive for the dishes that were out of the ordinary. Everyone was completely satisfied and the hot heat just made it a perfect night to site outside.I know people who have rituals to eat here everytime they come to Vegas. I would like to start this tradition myself the next time I come back!
4	Another great spot to take out of towners or just a good date spot. The outside seating has to be the best in Vegas. Spectacular views of the Belagio fountains. Steaks and fish are great. Great wine selection and the prices are pretty reasonable for a nice strip restaurant. Service is fantastic. Make sure you get a seat up front. You wouldn't want to come here and miss the best part, the view.
4	Mon Ami Gabi est excellent; bon emplacement et bonne nourriture... Coming to Vegas twice a year for tradeshows, one of my fave must-eat spots has become Mon Ami Gabi. Easy on the pocket book, good ambience, fairly sized portions, and tasty through and through!Outside of the tourist trap it has become (I guess the location says it all), I prefer this restaurant to many on the strip for a quick meal. Close your eyes and your whisked away to Paris? Not really! But, the meals and service seem to fall in line with it's kitsch boho chic aesthetic. I'm a fan of vintage, what can I say...We had a lunch and dinner here this week, and both were handled very well. The burger at lunch, with an egg, was fantastic. So good in fact, the gf stole it and swapped lunches with me! Who said chivalry wasn't dead? I ended up having the open-faced crab salad sandwich, not great, but definitely fed my hunger appropriately.All in all, Mon Ami Gabi gets the thumbs up for always providing a good meal, day or night. Now back to writing the rest of my week of Vegas experience...
2	The experience was great.  I expected it to be pricey and that's ok since I'm in vacation.I've experienced better for cheaper.
5	As a huge fan of all things breakfast and brunch, I turned to Yelp for a recommendation and again Yelp came to the rescue!  My husband and I were seated in the sunny (but still cool, which is very important in Vegas) sun room of Mon Ami Gabi for brunch and started off with their crab cakes (well, 1 crab cake actually) which was delicious and unlike other crab cakes we've had, this one did not seem to have much filler and had huge chunks of crab!  I enjoyed my fresh blueberry french toast and my husband devoured his seafood crepe which had scallops and shrimp as big as my ear!  Service was friendly and overall it was a wonderful meal and experience.  We'll definitely be back!
5	For my wife's 30th birthday, we wanted to have dinner at a nice restaurant with our friends.  We knew that we didn't want to go to chain restaurant like Maggiano's, but we also wanted to make sure that the place wasn't going to be too pricey.Unfortunately, due to the size of our party (20+), unless we went to a buffet, we were required to have to do a set menu.  This made finding a restaurant more difficult as the costs go up with a set menu, and you often have to settle on whatever food options they give you.  Most of the restaurants we checked out were in the range of $100-$150 per person.  And if you wanted to have beef on your menu, you were looking at the upper end of that range.Thankfully, with enough research, I was able to find Mon Ami Gabi.  Not only were their prices significantly lower, but they also allowed us to customize our menu.  So we were able to choose as little or as many courses as we wanted to serve -- some of the other restaurants had 5 or more courses in the menus that included beef, thus leading to the high prices -- and we had the freedom to populate our set menu choices with any of the items from their normal menu.  So we searched through the Yelp reviews to find the best selections to put on our menu.  We ended up creating a menu that was only $50 per person.As for the food itself.  It was absolutely delicious.  There's a reason why this place is rated so highly, the food is that good.  And our server was incredible.  She did such a great job taking care of us and making everything go smoothly.  We made sure to give her some extra tip on top of the mandatory large-group gratuity that was included in our bill.We were definitely impressed with Mon Ami Gabi.  It's become one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas.  And if you're thinking about having a nice dinner with a large party, definitely consider Mon Ami Gabi.  Rebecca Kozdron, the Special Events Manager, did a phenomenal job in helping us plan our amazing dinner.
4	We were looking for a place to eat breakfast this morning and I did some searching on Yelp, it looked like the Paris Casino and Hotel had several good option, the first that had come to mind was the crepe place inside the casino. However, we did walk by Mon Ami first and I must admit I wanted to stop right then and there and grab a table. However, we went through the hotel and saw the crepe place and decided that we should go back to Mon Ami.We were seated quickly, opting for an outside table as it wasn't too hot out yet (it has been up to like 108 most days we have been here). The waiter quickly brought us ice waters and a soda for my wife and a fantastic cup of coffee for me. He told us about their specials and we looked over the menu and decided upon out breakfast.I went with the traditional Eggs Benedict and my wife had poached eggs, sausage and toast. Being an amateur baker I also wanted to try their "Homemade Brioche", the waiter tried to talk us into blueberry french toast instead, which did sound tasty, but I really wanted to try their brioche, as to compare it to the brioche that I have made myself.Our food took a little while to come out, but our waiter kept our drinks refilled and remembered to bring me more creamer when it looked like I was about to run out. Our breakfast came and everything looked good (I will post pictures later). The toast that came out for my wife's breakfast looked like it came from a nice rustic loaf and was cut on the bias. We enjoyed our food and I munched on the toasted brioche, smearing it with butter and jam (though it really didn't need any more butter). I found the brioche to be good, but my preference would have been for a bit more honey and to have it be toasted a little bit longer.All in all, the meal was good, the service was excellent, I would definitely have breakfast there again!
4	Excellent view of the strip (since the patio is right outside the Paris hotel and facing Las Vegas Blvd as well as City Center and the Bellagio fountains). Pricey, but that's what comes with the fantastic ambiance and high quality food.  I ordered the seared scallops dish, which was a generous portion and it tasted excellent.  All their entrees are served in very generous portions. The creme brulee was really good too.  I have a friend who goes there just for the desserts.  Great place to take a date.
2	It's obvious the draw for this restaurant is the location. It sits directly across from the Bellagio fountains, which bodes very well. If it didn't I wonder if this restaurant would still be in business with Vegas' stiff  restaurant competition. Mon Ami Gabi is very loud and a fairly small restaurant, so I wouldn't recommend if you plan on having tons of conversations.We came here for celebratory dinner, I had the steak and frittes. The food wasn't bad. It wasn't great. It was just okay...and with the stiff competition in Vegas, that's just not enough (particularly for the price). The steak was properly cooked with a decent sauce. Bottom line is: I'd only recommend if you want a stellar view of the fountains and don't mind paying quite a bit for okay food.
3	This is the first and last time I will go back to this restaurant. My ladies and I were there for a nice girls night out and we've never experienced such poor service in a restaurant like this.  It started with the bitchy hostesses, then continued on with the water guys and the two servers we had.  I had to give 3 stars because the food was delicious. I had one of the steak w/ frites and their yummy creme brule.  I don't care if their food is delicious, I don't need to drive to the strip and waste money on this place that treats you like crap.
4	Ambiance:It's huge (...that's what she said). A French version of a cheesecake factory. I've been spoiled with too many Emeril/Keller restaurants to think that the ambiance was romantic or intimate. BUT it was great for a large group. Plenty of seating and the view of the Bellagio fountains (even inside the "covered" patio) was nice. Food$31 for filet mignon is pretty fantastic. The sides of green beans and asparagus are delicious (though anything with that much butter is.)$8 for a wonderful glass of Pinot Noir? Wow. Everyone at our table ordered something different. From the moist chicken dishes to the hearty steaks we were all happy.If they have the Bread Pudding dessert with caramel topping & vanilla bean ice cream (not on the menu. It was a special for the night) you need to get it. It was rich and sweet and definitely large enough for 2-3 people (we were a party of 5 and were satisfied!)Service:The hostess was rude. She was a 21 year old girl that held up her finger, didn't make eye contact and said "one sec" after my boyfriend said "hello we have a reservation for 5 at 7pm". I don't care if you're listening to some critical information in that ear piece of yours about table availability. Learn to multi task. Provide decent service to the PEOPLE in front of you. Smile. Give a little head nod. Something..   Luckily we didn't end with service like that. The girl who escorted us to our table was very considerate in moving us to a "better" one away from the doors when we requested it. Our waitress was fantastic (she took my steak back b/c it was medium rare and made it medium well for me and she recommended an amazing dessert). Overall:Very reasonably priced dinner and wines. I don't know if I'd come back (too many great places to try in Vegas) but I'd definitely recommend everyone try it once, especially if you're looking for a more budget friendly restaurant (vs. Mario Batali's or Hubert Keller's). Just make a reservation (Opentable!) because it's a little hectic in there.
4	LOOOOOOOOOOVED it!!!! I definitly will go back there again when Im in town. The food was Excelent and cooked perfect. the waiter was amazing on keeping up with everything. It was kinda pricey but well worth it. Just keep in mind when you order a steak, also order a side dish as well. Cuz basically with the steak.... thats just it.
1	My boss kept on buggin bout this place because he heard it was a nice place to eat and u can watch the water show outside of Bellagio when you eat in the patio. So we got to this spot and it was a 2 hr wait to sit in the patio. That was a hell naw! So we ate inside and its dark as hell in there! I couldnt even see the menu. Plus the waitors had that French accent and couldnt really understand that! I think the darkness in there affected my hearing also!!! It was funny kuz I asked the waitor how the Salmon is cooked and he said "panned" but i couldnt understand the way he said it. So I kept on sayin "HUH?!" and he finally got rid of his French accent and spoke to me in plain English. I was like "THANK U!"I ordered the Salmon which was ok but i had better. We ordered chips for appetizer and that damn thang was stale! Unless thats their style of chips, i have no clue... my style of chips is crispy!!!So overall, this place sucked in my opinion. I rather eat at Cheesecake Factory and have their salmon - YUMMM!!!Thank goodness my company paid for this meal also!Never Again Mon Ami Gabi. BTW, i kept on forgetting the name of this spot so i was calln it Milli Va Nilli!
3	Food here is average and below my expectations. Most of the time i agree with the ratings on yelp reviews but this time I don't think this place is 4 stars. First of all I think the food here is more "American" than "French". Maybe it's a different type of French styled food I haven't tried but I've been to several French restaurants and their flavors are more complex and rich. Which leads me to the second reason why this place is average. Food here is pretty plain. There is nothing fancy or great about their flavors. We ordered steak frites, scallop for appetizer, and the cod with eggplants. Sure their steaks, cod, and scallop were tender and juicy but other than that there is nothing else good about it. Service was very good and their food portions are pretty huge. This is the second place the food disappointed me in Vegas based on Yelp reviews.
3	Not bad the food is good service was on point the view was great. my wife had theQuiche My buddy had the Smoked Salmon I had the Steak Sandwich. We each said the same 3 stars
3	My experience at Mon Ami Gabi was just okay. I think the number one thing that was the most disappointing was that some of the dishes were lukewarm. The french onion soup tasted great but because it wasn't hot, the gruyere cheese didn't ooze like it usually should. We also tried the croque madame, eggs benedict, and french toast. I think the food was all, on average, decent, but nothing gave it a "WOW" or spark. The bread was super dry and crunchy, with a hard to chew consistency. Although the food could have been better (in my opinion), the view was amazing! Of course, the Bellagio water show goes without saying, and it was such a great place to sit and watch during a hot summer day in Vegas! But, I think I would rather try other brunch spots in the area. Maybe this place would be better suited for dinner!
5	Sat on patio and watched Bellagio's water show while eating. Was amazing! Great view. Try the filet mignon or the steak with bleu cheese atop... very good
3	For a night out in Vegas with friends this is a great choice. Our friends are locals and they insisted on taking us here. I was a little skeptic about the right-on-the-tourist-trap-strip location....but it proved to be a great place to hang out with friends.The atmosphere was interesting and fun. It was buzzing with tourists, locals, people on dates, groups of friends, etc. Pretty much all types of people where here....dressed in jeans to fancy dresses. So whatever you wear you'll fit in just fine. However, if you're wearing heels watch your step....this place is dangerous with all it's cobblestone, super slick and random steps. Whatever you do, you MUST sit on the patio. It's right across the street from the Bellagio fountains...and a arms width away from the street performers and drunk tourists wobbling down the street trying to find their hotel. People watching and me go hand in hand....and  this place was top notch. We tried the smoked salmon and crab cake appetizers ....both were just how I expected they would be. So far I wasn't completely wowed. Our friends said they have eaten everything on the menu here and have come to the conclusion that the trout and filet mignon are the best. So they got those, the boyfriend got the filet mignon with a wine sauce and I had a filet with blue cheese reduction. Everything came with the traditional French crispy fries....frittes. I'd pass on these if I were you....try another side instead. The sauces were really great, the meat was just ok. I've had much better steaks at chains. The prices were pretty expensive, but you should expect that at a steak house on the strip. However, you're paying for the atmosphere and in that case I say it was worth it. The service was great. Everyone was very attentive. That is....until they brought the boyfriend something he didn't even order. After having to prove our case with the waiter, and him telling us it would be 30 mins to get the "correct" order out...he finally did it. I think he wanted us to just be like "oh ok...we'll just take this random food we didn't order, thanks anyway!" I was pretty shocked that he was so rude about his obvious mistake. Good thing it didn't really taker 30 mins to get his order....otherwise I'd be really mad. Other than the order mix-up, this place was fun to try out. We'll probably never go back, but will always remember the great time we had on the patio with great friends. Next time, we're going to make our local friends try something outside of their comfort zone. ;)
4	Went here for breakfast for labor day weekend after searching online for a good place. The weather was unfortunately a scorching 105 degrees, so we decided to sit inside instead of taking the view on the patio of the Bellagio fountains (which ironically was what we chose the restaurant for).We came without a reservation, and got seated quickly. After ordering, our food didn't take long to come out, and everything tasted pretty good overall. I can't remember the name of what I ordered, so I guess that testifies that it didn't really stand out for me. I don't usually eat a big breakfast though, but you gotta have something in your stomach when you're walking the strip!Our waitress was fabulous, wasn't offended when my bf asked for hot sauce, and gave us a teenie, tiny, bottle of tabasco. Check was promptly given and taken care of, so we were in and out in a timely manner. We'd definitely visit again (and next time for dinner - and hopefully a great view!).
4	I could smell my seared scallops dinner before it was placed in front of me on the table. Then, poof, gone. I wish I had savored my dinner more.Enjoyed the outdoor patio too -- great people watching and a relaxing way to watch the Bellagio fountains.
5	I don't know what people's problem is, because I loved my dinner at Mon Ami Gabi. A steak dinner on the strip, with a great view and reasonably priced. What more could you ask for? Ok sure, the steak could be thicker, but it's perfectly cooked with delicious sauce and a huge side of perfectly thin, crispy frites! Plus you can easily upgrade to a filet for a few dollars more. I was torn between having the french onion soup or the macaroni gratin on the side but I quickly decided on the macaroni. Boy was I glad I did! The side is plenty for 2 to share and sooo delicious! Plenty of creamy cheese sauce and crunchy breadcrumbs with parmesan! YUM! They have a nice list of wines by the glass, I went with a spicy Cote-du-Rhone that complemented the steak perfectly.Personally, I think it's pretty hilarious that people are concerned that this is a tourist trap. I mean, HELLO! it's on the strip! Isn't this whole street the glaring, glittering, bare-assed definition of a tourist trap? Given everything surrounding it I think that this place is a gem and an exception to the  Vegas rule of being over-the-top expensive and more glitz than substance.
5	Having lunch here is always worth the wait!!
5	This is what heaven must be like, at least if I were in charge.Fountain views and red umbrellas.  Filet mignon and lobster, accompanied by a cool Stella.  And, the best crab cakes I've ever had.Great way to spend those blackjack winnings, and to celebrate our two year wedding anniversary.  Cheers!
5	This review is long overdue. By my count I have been here over 15 times and to Vegas now over 70 ... We all know that this place so hard to be french, the menu, the atmosphere, the wine, the waiters outfits .... who cares! They do one thing right -the FOOD!!!!In my opinion, a pace that starts dinner with slated butter and a warm baguette is already really high on the culinary spectrum. Over 15 times and food is still fantastic. Fillet had the prefect temperature, the liver pate is served just the right way with the miniature gherkins and onions. It's paradise, especially if you can score the outdoor table on a perfect evening where you can watch the Bellagio fountains and the people passing by. One thing of note: it is a tourist trap but than again the entire Las Vegas Strip is so if you are not happy with something coming from the kitchen let the staff know and they will gladly take care of it. We highly recommend reservations as this place tends to get booked on weekends. The food is good and by Vegas Strip standards is priced fair,Bon Apetit!!!!
4	Everytime I come to Vegas, this places is always busy - I knew we had to try it out. I made reservations, requested an outdoor seat and when I got there I had to wait 30 minutes. I understand that all of the outdoor seating is first come first serve so this wasn't too big of an issue. So for reference - if you want to sit outside with the view don't even bother making a rezzie, you'll be put on a wait list either way. We had cocktails at the bar right behind the outdoor patio, and the french martini was fabulous! We were sat down by a manager who was very friendly and the view was outrageous - directly in front of the Bellagio and their fountains. I ordered the Filet Mignon Au Poivre which was very good, and my boyfriend ordered the Filet with the lobter tail which he loved as well. We also ordered a very good bottle of Bourgogne, which was only 50 bucks! Such a great deal for Vegas - not the BEST steak but it was such a steal for a view, good wine, good food, and good service. Definitely reccommend Mon Ami Gabi!!!
3	Came here for brunch on labor day weekend... the wait was not too long but it looked really packed! love the patio seating, great seats for people watching especially in the blazing heat.... but hey get some mimosas to cool you down.... they had a bloody mary bar which i thought was really amazing...they give u a plain bloody mary and you can add all your garnishes with a variety of olives, celery, all kinds of hot sauce!  i ordered the open faced crab sandwich, escargot and jumbo shrimps....food was good... i'd come here just for the great seats and mimosas mainly though.
5	Wow! Went here with a friend this past weekend. We got a table on the patio, had to wait 2 hours for it though. We were right on the strip at 9pm. We enjoyed wine, appetizers, first courses, steaks, then dessert. We spent over 3 hours just enjoying the view of the Bellagio water show. It was amazing. They are a steakhouse, so the higher prices didn't surprise me in the least. Great wine selection. They really pack the tables inside the restaurant. The patio seating is well worth the wait. The wait staff is amazing and adhered to the pace we set for our meal. I will definitely be eating here again!
3	service was pretty ok, when we went. there was a bit of confusion with our orders they accidentally put our order in twice. and my friend asked for scissors and they kept bringing out caesar salads.the food was decent, i had the salmon with lemon and thyme it was delicious but the portion was extremely small. my other friends had the sea scallops, portion wise it was small and unfilling. but she loved that the cauliflower was creamed and made to look like mashed potatoes. my other friends had salads that they said they could've made better on their own. it was also my friends birthdays and they got free cream puff desserts! this place really isn't that bad, just portions are small.
4	Great atmosphere! Divine steak and banana foster!!! Love it.
3	Personally I don't think i really enjoy my experience here that much. I think the most memorable thing about this place is that when you sit outside you get to see the Bellagio water show. I find that quite nice if you are enjoying your lunch or dinner and you get a pretty nice water show performing. Food was alright. I think if i never tried Zazie then this place might just be 4 stars but it just wasn't what I call AMAZING. I didn't expected much but for some reason I find myself leaving the place quite disappointed. I think the thing that got me the most was the fact that it was warm when the food was deliver to our table. I don't get it...the dishes should of just been cooked for us and the food is warm? If you are a pretty high up there restaurant, you just don't expect to see this kind of features. I'm just not satisfy with the fact that we were brought out with warm food. It absolutely makes no sense to me. I think the bread was very disappointing. I really hated the bread that they provided us. It just didn't meet any of my high class restaurant's bread. I mean I can go to Coco's and they can serve me better and more delicious bread than them. The bread was just plain dry and it was pretty hard to bite off a piece because it was crunch. YEA...didnt like it much. TO THE MAIN ENTREESI got the Croque Madame which was alright. After I tried Zazie, it's just alright in my book. The thing I find my Croque Madame quite oily? It's okaay i think i can kinda overlook that. I also tried the French Onion soup which was quite nice. I actually find the French onion soup the most enjoyable EXCEPT that once i dig my spoon under the cheese the soup was still quite warm. Which is a big WTF for me. I tried two other dishes but as yea I think the overall was an alright to me. Service...it was a so so. At first I thought the waiter was quite nice and refreshing because it seems like he is trying to have a great convo with us. You know after the main entrees was serve to us...it was like he became a ninja and just kinda disappear. The leaving experience was a lot worst.The reason why is that we asked for the check and he just forget about it. So we were sitting there for a good 10 mins until we finally asked for it again. THEN we finally got the check and leave.It's not a must try place in my book but I wouldn't kill myself if i had to come here again.
4	The wait for the Eiffel Tower Restaurant was very long, and we were starving, so we opted for Mon Ami Gabi--which was a great choice. The food was pretty good and we had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains during dinner. We'd definitely come back.
2	I was a little dubious at going from Chicago to Las Vegas and ending up at yet another Lettuce Entertain you restaurant, but I was staying at the Paris and the location right along Las Vegas Boulevard and looking at the Bellagio fountains was very nice.  My friend and I went for a late lunch.  I had an okay glass of pouilly fuisse at $12, a $15 cheese flight of okay but grocery-store quality cheese and then we got the oysters.My friend very much wanted to treat me to something special and ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell.  They came to the table and we both looked at each other and hesitated because they smelled really fishy.  However, we both tried one and both had the same reaction: There was no way we were eating more.  I called the waiter over, let him know that we found the oysters fishy but that it might just be us and there was no need to take them off the bill.  His response? "Whatever.  They're milky and people love them but if you don't like them I'll take them away."  And he did.  We ordered the country pate and my friend got a seafood crepe that she liked.  The pate was okay, but the service was crap from that point on, of course.Oh, and the french bread sucked.  I should have known after so many Lettuce Entertain You disappointments here in Chicago that this would be no better.  I felt really bad that my friend shelled out $75 for such a mediocre lunch.
4	we made a reservation for dinner on saturday night and got a great table almost on the patio, with a beautiful view of the bellagio water show. the wines by the glass, steak frites and roast chicken were very good and very reasonable. the portions were huge and service was very nice. it's a lovely restaurant amidst the surrounding vegas madness.
4	I'm sorry for those reviewers that had a bad experience...ours was very satisfying and pleasant.  We were seated right away (we didn't sit outside).  The wait staff was friendly and attentive. I couldn't tell who was our real server because we were waited on my 4 different people--but all of them pleasant and our order came out fine, so I assume there was good communication between them.  We had the escargot appetizer--the snails were big and meaty, and the parsley garlic butter was great--not salty! The bread was fresh and hot.  He had the steak au poivre--the server was very helpful in suggesting the temp for both of our steak--i went with the filet with Merlot butter reduction. Perfect and flavorful.  No complaints from me in the slightest.  Very happy. It was a good last night in Vegas.  It would have been better if I won some $$, but....
4	One of my lovely coworkers brought me here for breakfast and we were seated on the terrace overlooking the strip on a warm sunny day. The atmosphere was wonderful! We both had coffee and shared a coffee cake. They give you a generous piece which makes it a great item to share as it's delicious with the coffee.We were both in the mood for eggs benedict, so my coworker had a regular Eggs Benedict and I had a Crab Cake Eggs Benedict. The food was fabulous. The quality of the food for the price is great, especially considering the location!The reason I didn't give a 5-star review is because of the service. It wasn't bad, it was just too casual for the restaurant and the waitress seemed rather unprofessional.
3	I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. We had reservations ahead of time so they took us right away. We got seated inside but at the window so we could still see the Bellagio show which was pretty cool indeed. Most people have to wait 40 minutes to get seated outside.Service was really good. Lots of menu options.But the food itself was just ok. I mean it tasted good and all but portions were a bit on the small end for my taste. I got the salmon and ate it in like 5 minutes and didn't feel satisfied at all. It needed more of something I felt.We ordered the creme brulee but it wasn't as good as the creme brulee at the M Buffet. The hard cover top was over burnt and a bit thicker than average. It took away from the overall taste.I'm not sure if I'd come back here anytime soon. I don't think I will. Service and food is ok but just didn't WOW me as much as I had hoped.Oh but we also got this grape flavored alcoholic drink that was super yummy!! hehe
3	The best part of this place is watching the human comedy from the rail outside. Price is OK for the strip, high of course. Food at best is adequate. Order the oysters and a chef or cook is unnecessary. I love mac and cheese the French way. To make it good you need to add a ton of cheese, pepper and send it back once or twice to get the top really brown. It's a tourist trap and only worth the $$$ if you get to sit outside and watch Kansas go by.
5	Went here with my friend yesterday.  We thought we would sit outside and have a beautiful view.  They asked us three times if we were sure we wanted to sit outside.  Of course, there are umbrellas.  Yeah well, five minutes after sitting down we were sweating our butts off.  We should have definitely sat inside.  It was hard to enjoy the food, since we both ordered something hot and just wanted lunch to be over with.When you first sit down, they bring out bread and butter, which is so good!   The food was delicious!  I ordered the mussels and the broth that it is in is divine.  Something that I could eat all day!  Garlic, butter, sweet onions, parsley- YUM!  Nothing overbearing, but really good.My friend ordered the salmon over it looked like orzo and peas and she said that it was really good.The service was good and they let us change tables in the shade, but barely in the shade, so we ate fast and got out of there.  If its 80-90 degrees outside- SIT INSIDE!I'm sure that it would be perfect at night.  The view is incredible- you can't beat it!Can't wait to go back again!
3	3.5 starsblueberry french toast: with homemade whipped cream on top 4.5, super yummychicken, brie, and apple crepe: very heavy on the sauce and cream: 3
5	What a treasure to find in the heart of Vegas.  Excellent food, service and reasonable prices.Try the blueberry French toast.  Absolutely amazing.  Everyone in the party loved them.  And corned beef and hash with poached eggs?  Doesn't sound like much but ironically it was the best corned beef I've ever had.  The crepes that my friends had were good - they rated them from good to excellent.  They have an awesome bloody mary bar for brunch as well so don't miss out on that even if you like your mary's virgin.After being robbed in a breakfast cafe at the MGM Grand the previous day we were surprised that a place that had such wonderful service for breakfast didn't charge more.  Although pricey compared to not being in Vegas our party was very happy with the pricing considering our location (right on the strip watching the Bellagio fountains) and the service (the best waiter we could have ever asked for).  It was the perfect Sunday morning brunch to end a long weekend.  Although we ate at some very pricey restaurants the service here was the best service I have had in a long time.  The whole party was so impressed we left our waiter a 30% tip - he absolutely deserved it.  I wish I remembered his name.Excellent service, excellent food and an excellent atmosphere deserve a full 5 stars.  Try it for breakfast, I don't see how you could go wrong.
5	Food was excellent! My sister had the filet mignon and LOVED it. I had the steak classique and it brought me great joy! Definitely recommended. Bring a sweater bc it's a little chilly, but well worth it.
4	Every time I go to Vegas, I come here.  I love the food, great french onion soup!  You can sit outside, its across for the Bellagio and you can watch the fountains dance every 30 minutes while you eat.  Its great.  It reminds me a lot of the restaurants in Paris.
5	I would've given this 5 stars just for the fact that we ate on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountain. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly with an amazing merlot butter sauce and the most amazing crispy salty steak frites piled high on the side. These tasted like the old school potato sticks in the can, but when they soaked up some of the steak juices and sauce it was unreal. The one bad thing about the meal was the petite greens salad consisted almost solely of that frizzy green lettuce that tastes like bitter dirt. Maybe they like that in France, but I could've certainly done without it.
3	Mon Ami Gabi used to be my go-to place for brunch before we depart Vegas. What's not to love? Awesome view, delicious food, affordable prices. Not many of these on the strip.I love the the crepes--small but savory. The french onion soup is an eruption of gruyere cheese goodness. The steak frites are bizarrely addictive. If steaks are your preference, there's a vast selection here, but it's hit-or-miss. My recommendations are the bone-in ribeye (at 22oz, it's for serious eaters only!) or the filet mignon.Most people fight for the patio seats, but I actually like the pavilion because it's shaded and slightly cooler. Vegas can scorch when you're under the sun! Neither area can be reserved via Open Table.Unfortunately, my most recent visit was disappointing. The portions are noticeably smaller and the quality is slightly off. Still decent, just not as overwhelmingly perfect as before. However, Mon Ami Gabi will always hold a special place in my tummy.
3	Food is still great but the service was a bit slow. Plus the nerve of them to get rid of the bloody mary bar. that mad me a bit sad.Beautiful spot as always.
5	This is one of my FAVORITE places to dine in Vegas. Food is great and at a great price. Their steaks and frites are absolutely fabulous. When the weather is nice, I love sitting on the patio to people watch and see the Bellagio Fountains. The service here is usually great, but once in a while you get a not so great one. But that is okay, the food and environment makes up for it.I have been here several times, for both breakfast and dinner. It is so lovely to have breakfast at 7am on a late summer morning to just enjoy the surrounding. And I LOVE LOVE LOVE their breakfast selection. Quite pricey for breakfast, but worth it on occasions. I have tried their Fruit Bouquet, Blueberry French Toast, Banana Fosters Waffles, and Eggs Benedict.  Definitely need to go back and try everything else, because I know it will be amazing.During dinner, they provide you with a wonderful and fresh french baguette, usually with the carrot spread thing, unless they have some seasonal special, but even then, you can always ask for the carrot thing. I don't even like carrots AT ALL but I love this carrot thing with the bread. And the bread goes sooo well with the French Onion Soup and the Shrimp Appetizer (both delicious on their own anyways.) Their wine selection was nice. Their steaks are cooked perfectly, and serviced with a nice portion of frites! And I am a carb fanatic and these frites are amazing. Don't know what it is about them... but I never waste good carbs! I wish they had real souffle, but they still have great desserts. I have tried their flourless chocolate cake, chocolate mousse (pretty big cup of mousse for one person) and their ice cream dessert trio thing *pictures posted*.There's so many great things about this place. I recommend this place for all my friends and those who ask for a nice place to dine. You can make it all dressy and have a romantic date, or dress more casual for just a nice dinner. Great french dining without breaking your piggy bank.
2	Ugh.  How is this place so well-reviewed?  Spending ninety bucks for a meal that is, honestly, not even mediocre -- I don't see how that gets good reviews.I had the roast chicken, and my lady had a steak.  The steak was ordered medium rare, but was delivered beyond well done.  The chicken was actually cooked nicely, but barely seasoned at all and greasy.  Ceaser salad was maybe 3 ceaser leaves with very little flair of any kind, and not much flavor.The waitress was sweet, and our outside view was pretty.  The bread and carrot thing was tasty -- I still had high hopes at that point =).And the Frites -- how could you rave about them?  I found them old-tasting and unflavorful -- like a curled-up mass of stale pringles.  Maybe we just got an off evening, but the food was a severe disappointment.
5	If I had to title my review, it would be "The Perfect Lunch."I have been several times now and enjoyed each time.  This last time I was there, I was able to put all of those past experiences to good use to create exactly the experience I was hoping for.A few things to keep in mind if you have never been Mon Ami Gabi.  1 - The best place to sit is on the patio, however reservations are not good for the patio.  The patio is perfect for people watching, and what better place to do some people watching than on Las Vegas Blvd!?2 - Get there 10 minutes to 11 (when they start serving lunch), put your name on the list for the patio, take the square-light-up-vibrating thingy, put some money in a penny machine and wait to be called.  Our square thing went off a few minutes after 11.As far as what made this experience perfect, there were many factors.  We walked in and were seated on the patio at a table for two.  Our server recognized that it was a little warm where we were sitting (full sun) and offered to look for a table that was less sunny.  She found us the perfect table and it wasn't even in her section!  Plus, it was a four top, right in the center of the patio, in the shade, with the most perfect view of the Bellagio across the way.Of course, the food always plays a huge part.  A glass of house red wine to start is always nice.  The escargot was delicious, I loved using the French bread to sop up the garlic-herb butter left in the dish.  Our beautiful red and yellow tomato salad was light and refreshing with pesto and goat cheese, two of my favorite things! The steak sandwich was phenomenal.  Not too much meat, cooked to our med-rare liking.  Ciabatta was soft and caramelized onions were the perfect complement.  Frites were light and crispy with a little chew so you could taste the flavor and know you were eating more than air.  With the Bellagio fountain show kicking off shortly after noon (on Saturday) right as we were finishing the last of our wine and paying the bill.  This was one of my top 5 favorite lunches of all time!
5	Made my third visit to Mon Ami Gabi.  But this time was a change of pace as I went there for an early breakfast instead.  It was awesome!First off, Patio dining again, definitely a must when you go here as I've said before.  The atmosphere is a lot more different than it is at dinner time (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=gFFS-8Yc5e4B0s6VZiQtWg).  It's a little less hectic and more relaxing.  I could've just sat here and drank coffee all morning while people-watching.  It was that mellow.Started off with some fresh OJ and bottomless Coffee.  I was really craving a good Eggs Benedict so I ordered their Crab Cake Eggs Benedict (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=XMlXu9ZuqJ795S6cPb68fw).  That was really good, but then again, I'm a fan of any Eggs Benedict done anywhere.  But believe it or not, I thought it was the Hash Browns that stole the show.  They were cooked with caramelized onions so they had a nice sweet flavor, almost like latkes.  Good stuff!!Because I was there super early, I must've had like 20 waiters serving me.  Extreme service!!  It was like every time I would take a sip of my coffee, a waiter would come out of nowhere and refill it.  That was awesome!  I gave a big tip, but I wasn't sure who it was going to.I love this place.  5 stars once again!!!
5	Best. Filet. Ever.  I'm usually a ribeye gal because the marbling adds more flavor. It sucks to order a filet and get something that more resembles a thick top sirloin but Mon Ami Gabi restores my faith in filet mignon.  You also can't beat the view if you're into people watching on the strip and a football field size fountain right in front of you.
3	aww man what happened. new cook? Less butter? i don't know. Just went back for my second time and i gotta say i remembered it being a whole lot better. last year around new years me and my girlfriend found this place and decided to have dinner here. I ordered the roast chicken and it was amazing. So this weekend it was my girlfriends bday so we decided to go back to mon ami gabi and get the chicken because it was so freaking good the first time. womp womp not so much this time, chicken was kind of dry and didn't have as much flavor as that first night that i fell in love with this place. too bad i really did like this place it used to be five stars in my book. sad times
4	Did the breakfast thing, passing up the huge line at the buffet. Steak and eggs; 4 oz steak? Oh well; food was good, simple light for steak an eggs . but over all view was great; others around had some tasty looking dishes. party of 2 with water only $45.00 with $5 tip. it's vegas, bend over.
4	My second dinner here. Made a rez for 5:45p for three. Got there about 15 min. early, and requested a table on the patio. No Problem!! Keep in mind, it was a Wednesday night, not sure how quickly that would work on a Saturday. I love the atmosphere here. Lots of people to watch, the fountains across the street, and most importantly, great service. Started w/a glass of wine. We shared the warm cheese and tomato appetizer. Delicious!! They did have to bring us more bread, to completely devour this dish. I had the fish and chips. Chips are very crisp and salty...MMMmmm. Hubby had the scallops. I had a taste, and they were perfectly cooked. My son had the chicken Cesar salad, since I insisted he not order a cheeseburger. He liked it as well.
2	This place gets worse with each visit. Very overpriced, mediocre food. A coffee shop with a view @  4 star Paris bistro prices. Can't believe some of the great reviews. Sad part it was really good when it first opened. If I can't get a patio table to go with oysters and mac and cheese I it. forget it.
5	Very nice staff. The bartender was not ruffled by our Starbucks and even offered us napkins to rest our beverages on them.My boyfriend and I ordered the quiche as a snack, and it came quickly, and packaged nicely. At first, I thought the quiche would be too small for the two of us, but upon the first bite, we realized that it's not space that this meal is supposed to fill: it's the mental part. One quiche somehow managed to satisfy two people? Only if it's decadent enough, like the quiche, with it's sweet onions mixed in with the cheese, butter, and bacon. Oooo lord. I am craving it all over again.I love Las Vegas.
4	We were looking for something in between fast food and pretentious. Finally decided here because, frankly, I was tired of walking. Hostess said would be a30 minute wait, no problem I'll just gamble a little. 10 minutes later, our pager wentoff. Had to wait a couple more minutes while they changed out table cloth. Anyway, received water right away. Our waiter came over very friendly, outgoing. He recommended the skate because I was gonna order the salmon. My gf got the special, prime rib w/ aus jus macaroni au gratin and green beans . Skate came with a fennel, red onion, green bean salad..it was prepared with lemon capers parsley..and had homemade garlic chips. Garlic chips were great, light with garlic taste. Skate was an interesting fish, kinda chewy but the way it was prepared was delicious. A bit salty but im certain it was the capers. The lemon was delightful. Salad was good it was light and made with oil and balsamic vinegar. Prime rib was cooked med-rare, this was delicious.  So tender and flavorful, really good. My gf wanted to send it back because it was not hot...I assumed thats the French way..I didn't even notice and I like my food HOT! The potatoes were great, nice little crunch but great texture in middle. Almost forgot, i ordered the french onion soup and it was very nice flavorful, very cheesy-yummy, and bread was good. Try it just to try it. Nice little baguette with butter too. Overall, place was great and if it wasn't for this land having thousands of restaurants I would definitely make it back here.
5	I have walked past this restaurant many times...thinking it would be way too pricey...but by default of my party, we ended up here and really loved it!  There was a longer wait to sit outside to watch the Bellagio Fountain Show...so we ended up inside and had a great view with no wait! A few of us had the Spinach Salad with Grilled Salmon ($17) and another member had the Roasted Duck ($25).  Portions were generous and we could have easily shared a plate.  We all loved our dishes and would definitely eat here again and again! As for dress code - we were casual - I think the only rule is no bare feet or sleeveless t-shirts for men (collared T's ok)...and for the "warm fresh-baked bread" lovers - Si!
3	Every time I come to Las Vegas I make a mental note to dine here, just for the view. On my second visit to Vegas, my girlfriends and I decide to have dinner there. After a HUGE lunch that included probably a stick of butter, a whole loaf of bread and ten strips of bacon (not that I'm complaining) I didn't want to eat anything to heavy where I couldn't fit into my clubbing outfit or be dancing the night away with a food baby. So I didn't get the steak and frites that everyone was raving about. Instead I had the lemon-thyme seared salmon with orzo, peas, leeks, spinach, and lemon butter. The salmon was a little bit dry but everything else was really good. It wasn't so heavy where I left feeling like I was 3 months pregnant. It was light and filling and the fact that I paid 25 dollars for a piece of fish the size of my 3 year old nephew's foot was overshadowed by the view. The view was beautiful, it was nice being able to look up to see the Eiffel tower, towering over my head. I also caught the Bellagio's water show about 4 times the whole time I was sitting there. I love love being able to watch the other tourist walking up and down the strip. Until I find myself a rich heart surgeon husband who will take me to Paris on his private jet,  Mon Ami Gabi has satisfy my curiosity for the "Parisian" experience. It's the closes I have ever came to Paris... that is until I visit Paris... Paris Texas the way my bank account is looking.
5	I love this place. The food is 4 stars but the view of the bellagio fountains are 5 stars. I ordered the trout with string beans and my boyfriend had the sea bass special with mash potatoes and mushrooms. The food came out so fast it's almost questionable how they made the food so fast. But I have no complaints, the fish was cooked wonderfully moist and flavorful. With 2 drinks and 2 entrees the bill came out to $60. The price is pretty reasonable when you consider the breath taking view. I ate my food slowly and got to enjoy the fountain show at least 5 more times.
4	I've always dreamed of going to Paris for all the perks and sight-seeing one can do in such a foreign place. Unfortunately, I've heard that the French aren't too fond of ANYTHING American :( Is that true? Because I like the French. Most especially the food! I haven't been able to go to Paris yet, but the Paris Hotel may be the closest I will get to being there for a while, so, I shall enjoy what I have at the moment.The very first time I went here was with my girlfriend on date. Often times we like to tour the city as if we've never been here and well, Mon Ami Gabi was already her favorite and she introduced this elegant place on the Las Vegas strip. I would recommend calling ahead for reservations as this place tends to become very busy and crowded. If you're lucky enough, request for the patio and it places you right across the street from the Bellagio fountains. It is a spectacular feat when you're with that special person enjoying a lovely dinner! :)As soon as your server greets, you'll be asked for your choice of drink. I'm a water person so, I'll always get water. For you wine and champagne drinkers, ask your server what they would recommend with your meal. The servers are pretty knowledgable of the perfect dinner match. They'll serve with French bread and a carrot salad or slaw. It doesn't come with very much flavor so if you're worried about ruining your palette for what's to come, you needn't worry.  We usually order the steamed mussels in a leek cream.  It changed recently so it isn't as great as it used to be.  The whole serving size isn't the same size as what it used to be, so you won't get as much as before, but still a tasty appetizer.And now for the main course.......Filet with red wine reduction and merlot butter cooked to medium :9""" yum! This is my girlfriend's favorite steak for 1) The flavor of the reduction with the merlot butter, 2) the merlot butter, 3) The way the steak is cooked to perfection so that it melts in your mouth! Mmm... The filet is also served with frites (french fries). I have tried the different steaks like the Steak Roquefort (bleu cheese sauce) and the Steak Bordelaise (red wine). It depends on the flavor you're craving but regardless of which steak you're ordering, your choice will always be a tasty one. I've returned numerous times to enjoy the service, the atmosphere, and most of all the food. I'm already looking forward to the next time while typing this review. So I would definitely return! Enjoy and happy eating!
5	I love this place!  I've eaten here twice and both times have been tres magnifique.  Both times I had the skate which was unique and well prepared.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Patio is great but if there is a line, inside is nice too with the fresh air blowing thru.  So many great things about this place.  First, Frangria which a yummy french sangria (go with the pitcher it's cheaper).  Second, I am not a fan of tomato juice but had a very fun time watching people create their Bloody Mary masterpieces and the BM Bar.  Brunch here is tasty with lots of options.  I think it is difficult to go wrong.  The frites are so tasty like a classy really classy version of the potato sticks that come in the can.  Service was good by Vegas standards.  I definitely would go here again.
4	Dined here recently with a group of five.  Had an excellent waiter, that was always present without being overbearing.  Most of us had the steak frites, and everyone was generally impressed.  I went with the Steak Roquefort, which was thin and tasty and had a large helping of fries.  The fries were a little on the thin cut crispy side for my liking.  The prices were good for Vegas and the meal was accompanied by wine, a decent chocolate mousse and coffee at the end.
5	I fell in love with this restaurant.The food is so delicious....yet VERY reasonably priced for Las Vegas' restaurant standards. I ordered the Hanger Steak ($20) while my boyfriend order the Steak Bordelaise ($24). We substituted the pomme frites with mash potatoes and it was a good choice! We also added the Mac and Cheese (which was alright $6) and couldn't finish it because we were so full from our entrees.They don't take reservations for outdoor patio seating, but we were seated promptly in the center of the patio when we arrived at 10:45pm on a Friday night. Perfect view of the Bellagio water show. A lot of people around us only ordered appetizers and drinks and chilled until the restaurant closes at midnight. The staff didn't rush us out either.This is also the place to shamelessly make out with your significant other. I mean, everything was just so romantic and perfect! Twas a great place to start the night :)Highly recommended.
5	On a recent trip to Las Vegas my mom and I stopped by this gem of a restaurant on the strip. The atmosphere was very pleasant. We sat at a table that overlooked the patio, so we were sheltered from the heat and wind but could still see the strip from our seats. We were there for brunch on a Saturday, where I chose the Bloody Mary Bar option. You can create your own using their buffet of delicious ingredients. They also have several other drink categories to choose from.Our waiter, Drew, was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. He recommended several dishes, all of which we loved. I had the open-faced crab cake sandwich and my mother had a butternut squash quiche. Both were very well-prepared and in fairly large portions. As far as food in Vegas goes, this was very good and at a reasonable price!We left the restaurant extremely happy and glad to have had a break from the more superficial attractions of Sin City. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant!
4	Expensive but about average for a Vegas restaurant. The server was very friendly.The most important thing is, they will put a fried egg on a burger. BAM!
4	Since my parents are currently in Vegas on a business/leisure trip, I thought I would do a couple of reviews on some of my favorite restaurants I've visited when I was there a couple of years ago. These reviews may not be entirely accurate in comparison to today's current reviews, but nevertheless, they seem to fall well in line with most opinions on this site. Oh, Mon Ami Gabi, you are the closest thing to a bistro in Montreal, Quebec City, or heck, even Paris I've gotten to in awhile. I've dined at bistros in all 3 francophone cities, but I have to say, Mon Ami Gabi does a really decent job for being an Americanized French bistro. Plus, the waiters are a ton nicer than you would find in Paris so you don't feel as guilty about the pricetag because you know the level of service equals the quality of the food. I had steak roquefort, and loved the thin cut frites! If you do have an appetizer, go with the fruit and cheese platter. There were some cheeses I hadn't had before like a Belletoile. My parents enjoyed the wine selection from what I can recall as well. The prices were actually pretty excellent in comparison to other super expensive Vegas restaurants, so I felt like it was well-spent here. If it isn't too busy, ask to be seated in the glass interior patio area facing the Bellagio fountains.
5	this has got to be one of those "don't miss" things in Vegas.  Sitting outside on the strip eating a wonderful breakfast.  My wife and i were there for our anniversary.  We stopped here on our way to city center and we were thrilled!.  The service is great and the food choices plentiful.  We drank cappuccino's, champaign and ate well. i really to recommend this place as a classic Vegas experience.
5	Outstanding. Every part of it was outstanding. Try to get a table outside on the railing so you can watch the water show across the street while you dine.
5	Best filet mignon (merlot butter, red wine reduction) I have ever had and probably will ever have in my life! Melts in your mouth. And the fries were crispy and magnificent! We went on a Saturday night for my friends birthday and we made reservations which is obviously the smart thing to do otherwise expect to wait a while for dinner. They do have a small bar in front and I think I noticed a bar facing Las Vegas Blvd inside. We got in right away and got sat at the most perfect table overlooking the street and smack dab in front of the Bellagio. They have an extensive wine list and we all ordered a glass of something different. They served us some sort of delicious grilled corn medley and fresh bread in a cute little baguette bag. We got to people watch and see the Bellagio fountains while enjoying a splendid dinner. (Our waiter even had a French accent, or a really good fake one!)
3	If you've never spent Halloween in Vegas, you can't possibly imagine what you are missing.  It is truly an unforgettable experience.  The costumes alone are worth the trip.  Never mind those "racy" costumes you see on the streets of Anytown, USA.  Here in Vegas, it's not "Slutty Nurse" or "Slutty Cheerleader."  The theme is just "Slutty."  It seems as though the whole town is trying to get away with wearing as little clothes as possible for it to still be considered a Halloween costume.The patio at Mon Ami Gabi is a PERFECT place for people watching on Halloween.  Normally, I would be gushing about the spectacular view of the Bellagio fountains ("gushing," get it?), but that day was all about people watching.  Since the moment we sat down on the patio, it was darn near impossible to concentrate on the menu.The dinner menu at Mon Ami Gabi is a very basic one.  This is French food simplified for Middle America.  "When in doubt, go with steak frites" - that's my motto.  This restaurant offers a wide variety of steak frites plus a limited selection of fish, poultry and vegetarian dishes.  There is even a burger on the menu, if one is in the mood for Le Big Mac or a Royale with Cheese.I opted for the Steak Bearnaise with frites and a bowl of sweet potato soup.  My soup came right away, and the presentation was impeccable.  A single piece of meringue looked very lonely on my soup plate, until the waiter brought and old kettle with a real spout and poured some pureed sweet potatoes around the meringue.  It was kind of like Ile Flottante, but with sweet potatoes instead of custard.  Presentation or not, my soup lacked any kind of unique flavor.  It could have used some spices (ginger?  cardamom?  allspice?).  I added some pepper, but that wasn't enough.  Also, did I mention that my soup wasn't even all that hot?  Come on, guys, you have a kettle!For a French restaurant, Mon Ami Gabi sure gives you large portions.  My steak frites came on a big plate, with a thin piece of steak literally covered in crunchy, thin frites.  The steak had been pounded with a tenderizer until it was as thin as a tortilla.  It was then marinated in wine (I am just speculating here), grilled and served to us.  It was difficult to say whether the quality of the meat was truly extraordinary, but the steak sure was tender.  Of course if you took an old shoe sole, assaulted it with a meat tenderizer and marinated overnight, it would be nice and soft as well.  The frites were not greasy and begged to be eaten with your own two hands, no fork required.  They were kind of like tiny specks of Lay's potato chips.We stayed there on the patio for another 20 minutes after we finished dinner.  Our evening was over, but the Halloween party in Vegas was just beginning.
5	Have you ever had dinner with someone sitting across from you that you wanted to strangle?  Well I'm too nice to do such a thing but I was about to use my fork instead.  Why the hell would you try to order a calamari appetizer from a french restaurant without first looking at the menu, and then get mad that they don't serve calamari?  Luckily the food was good enough so that I forgot about the annoyance.  First the bread they serve was sooooooooo good.  The bread is a mini baguette roll that  tasted like it just came out of the oven.  5 stars alone for just the bread.We ordered the 'Escargots de Bourgogne' for our appetizer and we both ordered the Filet Mignon for our entree.  The 'Escargots de Bourgogne' was delicious and our Filet Mignon was even better.  I've been here before but I don't remember what I ordered the previous time.  I also don't remember it being as good as it was this last time.Service at Mon Ami Gabi was really good as I was checked up on constantly.  What's best about Mon Ami Gabi is that the price is really reasonable for the food being served.  I would expect to pay a little more...  I will definitely have dinner here again for their delicious tasting Filet Mignon.
4	Maybe my new favorite lunch spot in LV.  I always passed by this place over the years and am glad I finally stopped in.  Spectacular views in front of the Bellagio fountains on the patio or enjoy your meal from the glass room.The escargots are very good as was my crab sandwich (open faced w/ a side of fresh potato chips).  Salads are a good option too, though maybe avoid the bacon salad as it's pretty small (waiter even warned against this).  Also fit in the french onion soup and banana fosters crepe as those are bomb.I generally hate Paris cause the pai gow gods despise me here.  But I'll come back just for Mon Ami.  Though I think the hostess had a bit of attitude and snobbishness (I mean get over it, you're not a Michelin restaurant), I'll deal with it.
3	Eh, overpriced mediocre food, crowded, and waiters with fake French accents don't really move me. Yes, the location is desirable, outdoors overlooking the Strip and the Bellagio water show. On nice days expect waits for outside to be over an hour as we found out (we left and came back the next day for a shorter wait). Even with the wait they give you buzzers with a decent range so you can go to the bar or play some slot machines while you wait. Food was mixed at the table. The two of us with salads (a chopped and a spinach) were both dry. Across the table there were raves for the french onion soup and the escargot. Glasses of wine all around but it was mainly house wine. Service was a little slow, maybe because it was so crowded. The waiter did speak with a pushed-on fake accent which got to be a little more than just a bit annoying at the end. If not so crowded it would be a great place to sit outside and have a glass of wine and nicer appetizers than typical bar food.
4	Had a great time here. I ordered the French onion soup because I heard it was great. Normally I don't like French onion soup and while I didn't love it I liked it more than any other I'd ever had before. For dinner I had steak frites au poivre with a glass of Beaujolais. The pairing worked well and the food was tasty. The steak was cooked just as I had ordered it, and despite being pounded VERY thin (something I usually don't like) it was actually very well done (medium rare but prepared like I want it). The frites were quite good as well and there were a ton of them. The coolest part is that you can sit out on the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains. Cool atmosphere. Good food. If you can get on the patio do it.
5	Great for breakfast, and the only place we go for breakfast when visiting Vegas. We usually order the Turkey Omelette and the Eggs Benedict. Service is great and the coffee is too.
3	There was a 15 minute wait for the outdoor seating, which I will say go for it! Who wants to spend a beautiful Sunday morning in dim lighting? Just go play the slots and maybe you'll end up paying with your winnings. :)Crab Cake Eggs Benedict was sensational. Best crab cake I've had, but a little on the thin side. $15.95The Prime Rib with 3 Eggs was also tasty with a side of toast and hash browns. The complimentary jam is yum!!! Wanted to dip my fingers in and lick 'em. Which I sorta did, hehe! Only warning for this dish is the prime rib may come out more done than you wish. If you want medium, say medium-rare. $18.95Great atmosphere, but can be a little hectic with waiters and busboys running around. Add in chairs and heaters in minimal space and you'll find yourself in a tight spot, literally. Wish the fountains were on. Food wasn't piping hot. MIGHT try lunch or dinner.
4	Thanks to Yelp, I've suggested this restaurant twice, once when I was with a bunch of girlfriends and the second for a company dinner. Both times we were not able to sit on the patio because there was a looong wait time and they don't take reservations. However! I have been pleased both times with the service, food, and ambiance. I think this is a good "safe" choice when looking to please everyone who might like different things. You've got steak, salad, soups, pastas, and more special items like lamb, olives in a jar, etc. It's a crowd pleaser for sure!
1	This restaurant personifies everything I hate about the Paris Hotel. It is too over the top in its efforts to match the French theme...and in doing so, sacrifices much of its quality.I visited this establishment when I was on a steak hunt...trying Rib-eye steaks at different restaurants throughout the US. The steak was decent, but in trying to meet the French theme, sauced the thing to death. Perhaps there are better options on the menu...maybe I just picked the wrong thing during my great steak hunt phase. But in my opinion, there are much better places to eat on the strip that don't involve a theme other than good food!This is my first one-star review. I would honestly consider giving it 0-stars if that were an option.
2	My ex girlfriend and I ate here several months ago. I was just reminded of it and had a spare minute to write a review. This one will be quick.We had escargot, being adventurous and having not had it before. It was uneventful, somewhat bland, not very garlicky. Wouldn't order it again from this restaurant, but there's some chance that it's just not my thing - haven't tried it again since.Our main courses were alright. I had steak frites and the potatoes were oily and somewhat chewy, but the steak was decent and the dijon mustard sauce complimented it well. I don't remember what she had, but she wasn't very excited by it.After dinner, I had a coffee-based cocktail that was amazing. It saved the meal for my taste buds.The service was fine given that it was a very busy night - we got most things promptly and politely. The ambiance was great, being a very handsome restaurant inside, and the outdoor seating that overlooks the Strip and Bellagio's lake seemed brilliant as well, though we dined inside.For the price, I don't think this place is worth going back to, unless I get a recommendation for a particular dish that is great. But if you are excited about sitting outside and overlooking the Strip, you might want to give it a try.
4	Very nice atmosphere, good menu, great service. I would go here again, the scallops were delicious and the pear dessert was scruptous!
5	On a busy Friday night during Veteran's Day weekend, we prayed that Mon Ami Gabi would not be fully reserved. Upon waiting in the line that took a good 5 minutes to get to the woman at the counter, I realized how popular this restaurant really was among tourists/regular visitors alike. Why? Well from my experience, the prices are incredibly reasonable and the food is delicious. But anyways.The woman up front said it would be a 30-45 minute wait, which was great considering the place was flooded and seemed as packed as the metro during rush hour. She then handed us the vibrating 'thing'.While we waited, we went to one of Paris's small pastry shops and talked and drank some teas. After only about.. eh.. 25 minutes? I was worried that being a little far from the restaurant would prompt the vibrating thing not to vibrate, but it! Then again, I was still in the hotel and not really far... but that's happened to me before and subsequently. I lost my table. ANYWAYS.The atmosphere? Well it was still busy when we being seated, but not as busy at it was during 7:30-8. It was already about 8:30-9 when we got seated. I loved the lighting. Pretty dark, but romantic and authentic. We got seated inside (outside was packed.. clearly), and were right next to the wine cellar. Waiter and waitress would go in and out of it, but they never bumped into our table, so that was good. It was pretty loud, but still manageable to talk to one another. The bread & butter? This is always an important one for me. The bread came in a Mon Ami Gabi bag and was a small baguette, perfect for my group of 3. We split it and the butter was DELISH. I think it had something extra in it. Maybe honey? I don't know but it was great. The bread was hot and soft and amazing. The food?I got the Fish and Frites and my friends got the trout and the steak with caramalized onions and a wine sauce... I think. We also ordered a side of garlic spinish which was DELISHH and I'm not that crazy about spinish. My Fish and Frites was very good. The fish was well cooked and I loved the frites. The fish wasn't too flavorful, but how much more flavorful can fish and chips be? I tried my friends steak and it was literally the best steak I had EVER tasted. And I hate steak.HATE IT.Disgusting.Yuck!BUT THIS. This was something else. The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and the sauce on it was heavenly. The caramelized onions (which I usually don't like by itself) complemented the dish soo well and it was just amazing. If I had known how good the steak was here, i would have probably gotten it myselfMy other friend's trout was also another testament to this restaurant's amazing food. The trout was soo flavorful and it came with green beens on the side which looked great. The price? For Las Vegas standards, A BARGAIN. my receipt was as follows:water all around1 cosmo for the friend (11 dollars!)Garlic spinish (i think 4 or 4.50)steak fish & fritestrout86 dollars! I was shocked. That's honestly a bargain for LV standards. The area of Mon Ami Gabi is among one of my favorites (just across from Bellagio) and if you manage to get hold of a patio seat, you have a view of Bellagio's water show. All in all, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who goes to Las Vegas. LOVE MON AMI GABI
4	Glenn actually found this place with Cole one morning and it has become a family time to go eat.  Breakfast has huge, fresh crepes, which we always get the lemon one.  The eggs benedict with salmon is delicious as well!  Lunchtime, I had ordered the warm olives jar and it comes exactly that.  In a mason jar, a variety of olives that has been warmed and tossed with garlic, olive oil, rosemary and lemon, so so so good!  I have yet to have a bad meal there, service is A+, they come and refill your water without you needing to ask and very polite.  Plus if you sit outside, what a view!  If the weather is a bit too warm, you can still sit in the atrium sun room that still gives you a great view of outside without the heat, or the chill if it's cold outside.
5	For all the crazy that Vegas is, Mon Ami Gabi is a refuge in the storm for us.  It's always there for us with the same quality time after time. For the price, I don't think you can have better food, service or a view in Vegas.  Sit outside on the patio for a "front row" view of the Bellagio water show.  It's very fancy, but the waiter's are not stuck up like other places.  Even dressed casually with a kid in tow, the French waiter was happy to discuss and let me try several varieties of wine before settling on a glass.  The wine list is good, and it helps when they waiters are in the know about what they are selling.  The steaks are what keep us coming back.  The top four on the menu are thin and huge.  About a foot long and four inches wide, they span the oval table.  Steaks are served along with awesome thin-cut crispy fries.  Steaks are in the $23 range.  We've been here 3 times now, and there is really nothing bad to say about it.  Highly recommended.
4	I opted to not sit in the patio because it was super bright out and I already felt blinded just walking here! I guess that's what happens after drinking all night... Our waiter didn't seem too happy with her job and began to walk away as she was finishing up telling us about the specials. Wow, if you don't want to be here, then don't fucking work here. At least our waters were constantly filled up by another waitress. On to the food...We started off with the French onion soup which was by far the cheesiest French onion soup I've ever eaten. Delicious! I felt full after just sharing it with Joe. Dip some of that crusty bread in there and mm mm mm party in my mouth! I got the croque madam which was really good. I was expecting small portions but it was actually a lot of food! Or maybe French food is so heavy that you think you're eating a lot. The frites were good. They're kind of like thin potato chips. Joe got the crab salad tartine which was not good. I don't recommend it. You can barely taste the crab because everything else stuffed into the crab salad was overwhelming. You can only taste crab if you pick out a little piece of it. I don't think crab cut into tiny little pieces. The potato chips were good though!
4	Closes thing to being in Paris under the real Effile tower. With your occasional snobby french hostess.Still one of my favorite lunch spots in Vegas. I wished they served Foie Gras during lunch though.
4	It sure helps making reservations on a Sunday night for a big group.  With 11 of us for dinner, the wait to get us all out on the patio was about 10 minutes.  We would have probably been seated right away at our 9:30 reservation time if we wanted to eat inside.  But why would you?  It was a lovely November night, a little chilly, but clear, and there are plenty of heaters on the patio.  We watched several rounds of the Bellagio fountains across the street, and had a great dinner.If you are worried about it being a "French Place," don't worry, it really is not. They have a variety of pounded steaks (the waiter made several points on this), but they also have some nice, thick traditional cuts.  I had the 22 ounce bone-in rib eye, one of my favorite cuts.  It was quite a hunk of meat, but it was very flavorful and perfectly cooked at my requested medium rare.The wince list is a little pricey, some options in the mid $30s would be nice, but we had a couple of the less expensive Bordeauxs and really enjoyed the meal.  Most of us had starters, and the bread is excellent, as are the pom frittes (that's french fries) that come with the steaks.  An excellent meal, with a great view and good service.
4	A great spot to sip some wine, have some great food & people watch.   Doesn't hurt that you get front row seats to the Bellagio's water shows as well. The Steak Au Poivre was excellent, the pate was alright.  Definitely a very touristy spot, but what part of Vegas isn't?
5	First tip, sit outside. You will have an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains across the street. It's worth dining at the restaurant for the view itself, but the food will blow you away as well. Our waiter had a fake French accent and was pretty cool to talk to. My mother and I came here for 1 reason... to eat their steak frites. They are to die for, and like I said on my profile, they would definitely be my last meal before I died if I had any say about it. They first gave us some bread. It was a baguette, and it was delicious. I think I could have eaten the entire baguette if I wasn't so anxiously awaiting the steak frites. When the steak finally came, it was cooked perfectly, and the french fries were nice and crisp. I couldn't ask for anything more. The portions were pretty big, so I didn't finish, but I still had some room for dessert.We ordered the bananas foster crepes, and excuse my French, but HOLY SHIT, they were delicious. They were definitely one of the best desserts that I've ever eaten. The crepes were extremely thin and filled with bunches of sliced bananas and this caramel sauce... if you were thinking that this couldn't get any decadent, they were topped with vanilla ice cream. I experienced pure bliss while eating these crepes, and you will too. So yeah, overall if you're looking for moderately priced food on the strip with a good view and an epic dessert, you should definitely try Mon Ami Gabi.
5	Well... Oohh la Laaa!!! :)This place is great!!!Greeted by a nice lady at the front and was seated quickly. The waitor was nice and pleasant. He went over the wine list with me and seemed very knowledgeable about what they had to offer.Sweeet!!We didn't have any starters, we just ordered dinner.I went for the fish and chips...Now this is odd as this is a more English dish rather than French... Ohh well, odd but I fancied it.... Ohh my THIS WAS THE YUMMIEST BLOODY COD I'VE EVER HAD.... WoooshEveryone else at my table went for the stake so obviousely I had to try some steak from my sister's plate... (hee heee) And yes, the steaks were really tastey and juicy....I really like their chips too... slim and crispy and not too oily... So enjoyed that too...The price was reasonable and we all had a good time here.. Really hope to be back soon... :)
5	This place is AWESOME! You definitely have to sit outside. The outside seating is right along the strip, across from the Bellagio- as you will have a perfect view of the water show while you have lunch or dinner.The french onion soup was extremely good. The Steak Bordelaise was AMAZING. Portions are not shy. I split this tasty steak with the bf.I will definitely eat here again :)
4	Had a lovely brunch here after a long night and it was delightful! Sat on the patio (a must on a warm day) and had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains. That alone made the meal worth it.The food was tasty, though nothing in particular stood out, maybe because the morning was a bit of a blur. I enjoyed the french onion soup and the waffles (or was it french toast?) were yummy as well.If it's a hot day and you do sit outside, be prepared for many a passerby to stop and put their faces next to you while they try and enjoy the mist spraying along the fence of the patio.
4	They don't accept reservations for their outdoor seating, so it's first-come, first served.  We came for breakfast early enough that we didn't have to wait.At the server's suggestion, my friend had the HAM AND CHEESE OMELETTE with gruyere cheese.  It was yummy and a good sized portion.  I ordered the GRILLED STEAK AND EGGS.  The steak was flat and about the size of a 4" x 6" photo, so it's not too much meat for the a.m.Each of our dishes were served with breakfast potatoes, which were hashbrowns with sauteed onions, and toast.  My friend subbed a croissant for the toast.  The croissant was very hard when she tried to break it apart.  She asked for it to be heated and a fresh one was brought out, but it was still on the hard side.  I really liked their toast -- two slices of thick-cut, rustic white bread.  Both are fantastic with their raspberry jam and butter.The service was great too.  Our server even offered to heat up my friend's dish when he saw that she had stepped away for a call.Definitely my favorite destination for breakfast when I'm in Vegas.
5	Great food, Awesome location, very good service, sometimes a bit hard to get a table.
2	I had high hopes of this spot... but it failed miserably after their treatment of my party and I...Since I was still uber full from Aloha Kitchen late lunch meal... friend and I ended up meeting up with my boss and her husband here for dessert and drinks. I made a res to begin with and checking in was  a breeze... now the getting seated part was where it all went horrible.My boss and her husband had dinner there that same night... literally 3 hours after...and before getting seated... we asked for the dessert/drinks menu. The hostess broke down...Hostess: "uhm you can't have dessert only..."Boss: "we had dinner here like hours ago... now we're back for dessert and we can't do that?"Hostess: "uhm let me check (insert her clicking on her radio gadget while totally using her Valley like look and tone of voice...)Friend: "If I get an entree, would that solve the issue?"Hostess: "uhm... yah... yes..."GREAT!I looked over at the boss... fuming.When our server finally came... he said it doesn't matter to him what we order as long as we're happy. Hmm... HE SHOULD BE THE HOST!Folks, I understand policy is policy ... really I do. However, if the restaurant is dead... not much folks inside eating... why would you turn away 4 people who wants to dessert and drinks? Why not make money where you can?!Anyway, the rest of the night was a blur. BLAH is more like it.I had chocolate mousse with Parisian Sidecar. Both was EH. The sidecar was probably the most horrible sidecar I've ever had. The mixture itself didn't flow together! The mousse was bland. Overall... EH. The reviews do match up. It's a definite hit or miss... Just be prepared for the Valley (Kendra) looking hostess with their radio gadget... "UHM...yah..."Thanks but no thanks.PS: No Hanger One... No come back.
4	Eat on the patio! Came here and met up with a friend I hadn't seen in years. Food and service were great, lovely view of the Bellagio fountains, and it is just plain cool to eat right on the strip.
4	I have visited Mon Ami Gabi twice. My girlfriend is gluten-sensitive so the Gluten-Free menu attracted us. I have had a great experience and a poor experience. Both experiences the food was great. The first experience our waiter was extremely nice, helpful and professional. The second experience the waitress was rushed, cold and unorganized. She did seem to have a lot going on, so I didn't hold it against her. This is a great place is you are gluten-free. You cannot beat the great views and the patio is awesome if they weather is nice.
5	YUMMY!!!nice view, we sat just behind the glasses that are facing the bellagio fountain.the escargot was really good.the filet mignon is good, we love their fries, so unique yet tasty!the bread was delicious!
5	My first time at a French steakhouse. The filet with merlot butter was amazing! Melts in your mouth. The service was great and the ambiance was nice. I am used to paying a big price for a nice meal in California so I was surprised to see the menu prices here. $32 for and 8 oz filet. Most of their items were around $20-$25 and the quality was above my expectations.
2	Review of breakfast.  Nice view and location on the Las Vegas Strip for a tourist.  The croissant sandwich was just ok.  A turn-off was the garnish, brownish/expiring frisee.  My friend got the mushroom omelette which was also just ok.  The toast that came with it was burnt.  The service was slow and seemed like our waitress took a break after taking our order.  We had to ask twice of other waiters for water.
5	Excellent food, very good wine list, attentive service. Also offer a gluten free menu.
5	My Friend Gabi or Mon Ami Gabi (in case you didn't know what it meant in English, Gabi is short for Gabino the owner/chef) is probably my favorite local steakhouse. I bring all my closest friends here, whether they're local or visiting.  My boyfriend hosted my surprise bday party here too, so they do great with groups.  MAG is always a sure fire hit and it's the kind of place you know will impress and satisfy your guests without seeming overly booshie. While the food is always superb I think the ambiance and location really makes it an instant crowd pleaser, even before we crack the awesome fresh warm baguettes (that keep coming by the way, all you gotta do is ask).  In the evening the lighting is low and romantic with candles at every table.  In the day, the wonderful floor to ceiling window/doors from the patio let wonderful natural light in.  The key selling point is the patio seating that gives u a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.  You can't reserve patio seating though so you can try to reserve a table in the atrium that sometimes gives just as good as a view :) Now for the food!My must order every visit is the Fliet Mingon with Merlot Butter and the Steamed Mussels for an appetizer.  My first couple times I've tried some other steak variations and sauces but my heart belongs to the filet! :) I order it medium and it's just melt in your mouth "Mmmmm" after every bite good.  Steaks can be prepared anyway you like. They have set pairings like a certain cut with a certain sauce however, you can pair any sauce with any cut of meat just ask :) Oh and every steak comes with frites (or awesome French fries)! The steamed mussels are my absolute favorite the sauce they come in is a classic white wine with leeks and bacon but done to perfection!  Make sure you dip your warm French bread in the sauce it's delicious! Lunch is also a good option here because they serve great specials not normally on the menu.  The last time I went to lunch and brought my cousin's bachelorettes/bridal party here and the steak sandwich was sooo delicious! My sister ordered it and I ended up eating half  of it and my filet (yes I still ordered my filet at lunch...it's that good)!So if you're looking for an awesome casual steak place on the strip that really gives you or your guests that "I'm in Las Vegas" feel give Mon Ami Gabi a try, you won't be sorry.
2	I guess the French chefs at Mon Ami Gabi don't know how to make turkey! (Nor filet mignon)We went there for Thanksgiving. They had a prix fixe menu for the occasion that comes with all the standard Thanksgiving items (turkey, yam, stuffing, gravy, etc), as well as the rest of the menu they usually have. My wife ordered the prix fixe, and found the turkey to be so salty that it was uneatable, on top of being over cooked around the edges. The gravy itself was also very salty. The only thing good on the menu was the yam, which ended up being her entire dinner. We were in a rush to catch a show, so we didn't have time to ask the chef to re-make it or bring out something else, although I'm sure for Thanksgiving, the turkey is already made in batches, and probably over-brined, which means they couldn't make it less salty if they wanted to at that point. I myself ordered the filet mignon off of their regular menu. The filet itself was just ok, also quite salty, although still eatable. However, it makes you wonder why we're paying these prices if I can grill a better filet at home myself. The sides on the plate around the filet was simply a huge portion of fried shredded curly potatoes, that had no taste, but full of grease. It was all over the plate around the filet, all curly, looking like pubic hair... absolutely not appetizing. I have been to many many French restaurants. Some more expensive, some less, so I feel like I have a good idea of what level of food goes with the level of price. For the level of quality at Mon Ami Gabi, I would have to say the food is far from being able to justify the price.
4	Very good salmonNice ambienceNice view Good service
4	Charming resturant that looks like it would be heavily overpriced. Been here twice now and really enoued the onion soup, they are not stingey on the gruyer cheese! Endive and pear salad was a bit salty for my taste but there's plenty more to choose from. Baugettes were real tasty!
4	Great food. Had the filet with merlot butter. Excellent steak with good frittes. Recommended strongly.
3	Mon Ami Gabi sits right on the strip and you can either sit outside and people watch or inside and stay cool. I highly recommend the people watching section. I specifically came here for Saturday brunch to get the corned beef hash. I had really high hopes for it, but it just didn't do anything for me. They had huge chunks of dry and chewy corned beef barely mixed in with potatoes. The poached eggs were perfect, and the hash browns were crisp just the way I like it. I would still recommend this place because it sits right across the Bellagio Fountains and you get a great show.www.anitaeat.com
5	I discovered Mon Ami Gabi Restaurant during my last visit to Vegas. I was so impressed. that during this trip, I made it a point to reserve a spot at this classic French Bistro. I think the family agrees that this was an unforgettable experience. A bagged baguette. is placed on the table and our Caesar salads were served. We all ordered the Steak FritesThe steaks are listed as "steak" No particular cut. Just steak. Nice tender steak. And the French fries were perfectly done.  Steaks around the table were, Steak Roquefort, Steak Au Poivre, and Steak Bearnaise.   With so many steak houses in Vegas it surprised me that,.. in a very French way, this place stands on it's own. The grain-fed Midwest beef is undoubtedly the best beef I've had in a long time. The service is friendly, efficient, and not snooty in any way. If you find yourself in Las Vegas make it a point to visit Mon Ami Gabi. During the summer months, sit out side, under the misters and watch the water show across the street at the Bellagio. It's a perfect romantic setting.   Things to rememberNo matter how close, a Hotel looks...it's not. It's all an illusionCab everywhereThe winter months are frigging cold, take a coat
2	Meeting up with friends for lunch, we stopped at Mon Ami Gabi Restaurant as it was close to another stop we were making. The other 4 were already there (coming from the Venetian) and I was on foot coming way down from the Luxor. Needless to say, I was holding up the crowd. The rest of the party could not be seated or put their name on the list until I arrived as well. When I finally did arrive, we were seated outside on the patio - which was a plus. Nice weather, good views - but the table was very small. Too small to crowd 5 people around. Inevitably, there was frequent bumping from people walking by on their way to and from their tables. I thought the service was a bit lower than expected. One guy came out to give everyone water. He filled up everyone's glass and when it came to mine there was only enough for 1/3 of a glass. Did he get more? No. So I drank it thinking it would be a sign to bring more - but it wasn't. We did receive two sleeves of baguettes. One saucer was filled with the olive oil for dinner and there were four other saucers for people to put their bread - except there were five of us. I had to eventually stop someone and ask for a plate. Looking over the menu I selected the Caesar salad. When everyone's plate was brought out everything looked so good. Another guy at our table ordered another kind of salad and it was huge - then mine came out. It was one of the smallest, most boring things I have seen ever: a few strips of lettuce, some cheese and a shard of bread - all for the nice price of $9. I could definitely do without a repeat visit here.
5	one of my favorite favorite restaurants in vegas!!!! not only is the food amazing but the view is an added bonus!!!! this place never disappoints.they have the same kitchen as the eiffel tower restaurant upstairs so you are basically getting the same food but for less! i recommend sitting on the patio for some good people watching and it is right across the bellagio water show so u can enjoy the show and food at the same time.their steaks are pretty amazing... cut thin, perfectly cooked and seasoned. the red wine reduction sauce is to die for.. i also have tried their filet mignon, im not a big fan of super thick cut steaks but i really enjoyed theirs. thier pomme frittes were perfect as well. the price range is actually very reasonable. the food here never disappoints and it doesnt have all the superficial trimmings of a fancy vegas-y restaurant. just honest to goodness straight forward good food. a must see here in vegas.
4	Great little resturaunt right outside the Paris Hotel with a nice view. We had breakfast and the service and food was great.
4	Came here last year in September for my 21st bday wknd with my boyfriend. Had lunch here before leaving for the airport for our flight. Forgot what we ordered, but whatever it was- it was pretty great. We sat outside so we had a lovely view of the Bellagio. Service was good. I think this was the first time I tried escargot.
5	YUM! YUM! YUM!Saw so many great reviews about this here that we simply HAD to try it!  We came for breakfast and sat on the patio.  It was about 15 degrees C out but the heaters they had on were sooooo warm we had to ask them to turn it down!I had the croissant w/chicken, avocado and tomato?  It was very yums!  I particularly liked the frise salad that was served on the side.  I also had the mimosa ($9.95) that was very delicious!  Not too much orange juice (would like to try the raspberry one next time).  Hubby had the ham and cheese (gruyere) omelette served with hash and toast (baguette slices).  The omelette was fluffy and moist.  Hubby scarfed down the hash so quickly I didn't have the chance to taste :PAltogether our meal came to about $36.  Had it not been for our fascination for buffets and our crazy spending - we'd probably go again for dinner.
5	I don't know what it is about this place. I always want to dine here when I'm in Vegas. I have relatively no desire to dine at its sister restaurants in Reston and Bethesda. They pale in comparison to Vegas. The service here is always phenomenal, the food stellar. They have a varied wine list, but their "frangria" (sangria) is what brings us here. Yes, not the steaks. The sangria. Most places either add too much wine (a rare instance but not necessarily a bad thing), too much fruit/juice, or water it down with ice. This french bistro chain gets it right, the perfect ratio with fresh sprigs of rosemary to give it that je ne sais quoi. They've raised the price of the sangria to $19, but it's still reasonably priced compared to wine by the glass or half-bottle.For an appetizer, I ordered the roasted sweet potato soup. This is one of those entrees with a pretentious presentation, but Mon Ami Gabi tones it down a touch. My server sets an average-sized bowl at the table and has a tea kettle that dispenses my soup. It's then garnished with a toasted orange meringue. My friend went simple and decided to get the handmade potato chips with dip. The chips were ridged, crispy and not greasy, and tasted great with my soup.Their steaks are too thin for me, and I am not a fan of their steak frites. The filet mignon is good but I didn't want to spend too much on dinner, so I got the Seared Sea Scallops with spinach, whipped cauliflower, and brown butter. Four fat diver scallops, cooked to perfection, drizzled with brown butter and garnished with parsley. Add some lemon juice and it was divine. My friend ordered Beef Bourguignon (slow braised in red wine, buttered noodles, bacon, mushrooms). She really couldn't taste the bacon but the beef was very tender. She is a big fan of short ribs so this dish was right up her alley.We were too full to get dessert and later wandered into Paris to gamble and I won $6 from the penny slots! We have never had an issue walking in without reservations but we generally go to dinner earlier in the night and we're just a party of two. I would recommend reservations for larger parties. All in all, a good night, and we'll certainly be back.
5	Ambiance for days, between the well done realistic Paris bistro, dark and cozy inside, bright and lovely in sunroom, outside has the best people watching view and the fountain show across the street at the bilaggio is breathtaking! food has always been good, my eggs Benidict were perfect! Sundays they have an amazing bloody Mary bar! I've been there four times, I guess I like it!
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat on the strip...actually in the entire valley (it's a toss up between Eiffel Tower and here).  The wait can be longer for a seat on the patio, but it's soooo worth it. The view of the Bellagio fountains and the people watching can't be beat.  My favorite dish is the Seafood Crepe...scallops, shrimp, peas and cream.  Pair that with a glass of their Pinot Noir or Merlot and the french bread they bring to the table....pure heaven.  I've had their pan-seared cod special and it was light, flavorful and I wish it were a staple on the menu.  Really, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
5	Very, very good although a bit pricey.I had the "skinny" apple pancakes and Eggs Benedict, and both were incredible.  My waitress was a complete doll too.  I'd go back any day.
4	Had a very romantic birthday dinner here last year... wonderful food and even better wine! A little crowded... and we had to wait 45 minutes after our reservation time for a seat... hence the 4 star, not the 5... Attentive wait staff. Would love to return again sometime!
4	Great restaurant!!! We had dinner for about $60 for two. The Steak Roquefort fritte was perfect.  Onion soup is also one of the best i've had.  Wife had the Lemon chicken which was also very good. If your looking for a 24oz portherhouse, your at the wrong place, but you will not be disapointed with the qualty and flavor.
4	Last night in Vegas and our friends and I weren't too hungry.  I've read about this place and wanted to try it and since we were walking by on our way to Caesars, we decided to eat here.  Was planning on just getting the french onion soup since it was a little cold outside and I love french onion soup.  We requested a table for 5 outside since it was nice and we could watch the Bellagio fountains while we hung out.  The mini baguette that they brought out to eat while we wait for our food was pretty good.  Crusty and chewy, just like I like it.  Like I said, I was planning on the french onion soup but when I heard that one of the specials was bouillabaisse, that's what I wanted.  I like seafood.  It was cold outside.  Perfect.  Soup was very flavorful and fresh.  The mussels and clams were tender and sweet.  The fish was perfect.  Not mushy but just firm enough.  And last but not least were the scallops.  Nice, big and sweet.  Not tough but tender.  And to top it off, some really crusty bread slices to sop up the liquids.  Trust me, you want to get all of it.  I also shared the chicken liver mousse with my buddy.  That was delicious.  Put that on the toasted points and it was a homerun.  Put a little of their mustard on it and it's a whole different experience but still a winner.  The service was solid.  The atmosphere was fun and not boring or stuffy.  I would definitely eat here again next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Pros:* Conveniently located at Paris Hotel & Casino's front entrance.* Nice atmosphere. I like how they have big round tables for parties of 10 or more inside. Patio seatings are REALLY nice. You can get a clear view of the strip, especially Fountain of Bellagio right across the street.* Very friendly waitress.Cons:* Reception girl didn't really show her side of hospitality and smile since she's very busy taking calls.* BAD FOOD THAT'S NOT WORTH THE PRICE. I think the only reason anyone would come to a decent restaurant other than the upscale atmosphere and service is the food. They kinda failed. We ordered 4 steaks averaging about $30+ each. My friend's New York was overcooked. My prime rib was good in texture but wasn't even warm. We asked for replacement. This time, the New York was cooked right but has way too many tendons in it. My prime rib was warm but the texture was really bad.Final verdict: Been there, done that, WON'T do it again.
5	This place is Great.  Well, hostesses there is usually young rude girls who know nothing about service.  I've been here four times, and each time, it's the same cold, fast, rude hostess service.However, once you sit down, the food is excellent and wait staff is experienced.  I've been to Vegas 100's of times and this is my second favorite restaurant on the Strip.  A must if you are new to Vegas.**** Been there recently and it was horrible service.
4	I chose Mon Ami Gabi, because of its Yelp rating and proximity to my hotel. I was not disappointed, and neither were any of my friends.The food was excellent, though a little pricey considering it was lunch fare. I had a chicken sandwich with Brie, and apple slices. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I was actually hoping for brunch, which unfortunately they only serve on Sundays, but I left completely satisfied with my second choice. My only culinary complaint is with their 'french fries' which are super thin cut and crispy like chips. They totally suck.The service was great, the Bloody Marries were excellent, and the atmosphere was inviting and unique.
3	One fact that hit me when I was in Vegas is that they simply do not have enough polished people to work the restaurants and hotels in the city.  When I was in Todd English's PUB there were a number of overweight unattractive middle aged men dressed in jeans and tight shirts and the hostess had a tramp stamp clearly visible on her lower back.On Mon Ami Gabi, my waitress looked like someone more at home at a blue plate special diner than an upscale strip restaurant and the busboy clearly was an "amateur".   When someone in my party asked him what the Soup of the Day was he said, "I don't know, I am the busboy",...really good answer.The place itself is nice and most people choose to dine al fresco as it is perhaps the best place to people watch on the Strip.  I ordered the Mac & Cheese which was a disappointment as it has no bread crumbs on top and the flavor was sorely lacking.  Not a bad place but not a great place....good for a one-time visit.
5	Can I be lame and say I went to Paris for brunch? I don't have to specify which Paris I'm referring to ;). My girls and I were mad craving for breakfast food after a night of shenanigans we'd very much like to drown in some strong coffee and greasy eggs. It was between Mon Ami Gabi or Hash House A Go Go but we were still feeling pretty fancy so we chose Mon Ami instead.  Prices are average for French brunch, anywhere between $8-$15 for an entree. I ordered the eggs benedict, one friend ordered the soup of the day, and the other two ordered blueberry french toast. It's well known the French love their food in modest portions so we went in very such expectations. Color us surprised when our plates came out and the portions were NOT so modest. I'm fairly certain a French person would've scoffed at the sight but wow, for $14 I got 2 eggs benedicts and a huge hash brown (I was very delighted since I had been craving for hash browns all night). $11 gets you 3 huge pieces of blueberry french toast with house whipped cream. And I forget how much the soup du jour was, guessing between $7-$9. Everything came out very fast, which pleased us greatly since we were STARVING. Food was excellent. The blueberry french toast was absolutely delicious, no need for syrup whatsoever. Probably the best french toast I've ever had. Needless to say, we couldn't finish the food completely. I don't think any of us anticipated how much we would be getting. Regardless, it was a lovely experience overall. I'm sure they make their Parisian forefathers very proud. P.S. Cannot begin to boast about the GORGEOUS view of the Bellagio water fountains. Brunch AND a show!
4	The group I was with wasn't really in the mood for a buffet, and chose Mon Ami Gabi instead. Though our pockets/wallets suffered a bit, our hearts and stomachs surely didn't.First of all, I had the Frangria at the bar - a French twist on the Spanish classic and it was quite delish. We were then served piping hot bread with butter, and I ordered the Steak frites a la bernaise (yum!!!). I had the meat medium rare (which was delivered perfectly). Fries were not your normal American steak fries, but thin slivers of potatoes (a la francaise).The only thing that bothered me was the fact that our waitress pronounced "gratin" in a very thick, American accent. I don't mean to be too posh about this, but if you work in a French restaurant in Paris (granted you are still in Vegas - but still!) you should be able to pronounce some things in a slight French accent.Nonetheless, my compliments go out to the chef!
3	In my opinion the food was good, the venue was excellent, and the service was below par.  A poor testimony to mandatory gratuities.Don't get me wrong, the food here is above average and within our party of 5, nobody complained about the food.  I had Eggs Benedict and they were very good.  And, I just don't think you can complain about the venue; it is in a fantastic location and well maintained.  We've eaten here twice now & both of those things have been consistent.  And, for the location & quality of food, the price point is fair.Ahh, but there is a catch.  Their service is poor.  The girls up front must be the manager's daughter's friends or something.  I stood there for over 5 minutes after our initial conversation before I got a response & then, only after I asked (for the 2nd time) where my party was going to be seated - and during that time, the only person to even come to the station was a person on the way out to make a quick comment.  I was early and on a mid-week day, so there wasn't a lot of traffic.Turns out, they don't open the patio until about 9 am.  So the little girls at the front, had me sit at an inside table (even though I requested a patio table & was told it was 1st come / 1st serve & I was there at 8:45 & I told them the rest of my party would not be there until at or after 9 am).When everyone arrived at about 9:05, they asked if we could sit outside, so I asked the bartender who to ask about that & he pointed me to the floor manager who arranged it.  This, of course was an unnecessary move, but whatever.  I left a good tip for the waitress who had served me coffee (only) and moved to the patio table.Later, after I received my meal, I asked my waitress for a condiment & she seemed pleased to get it.  Later, when it had not arrived and my meal was getting cold, I reminded her again & she acknowledged that she had forgotten.  Yeah, I never got that condiment.When I got the bill, an 18% gratuity was added to the bill.  Now, a couple of comments on that.  1st - the waitress told me the bill included the gratuity & that was fair of her - i've had that before, of course, but I do feel like they're trying to see if you're paying attention if they don't disclose it.  2nd - 18% is less than I typically tip for good service - but in this case, I would have tipped less, our server didn't deserve more, for sure & since I assume they share tips with the greeters, it surely would have been less.So, in my opinion the food was good, the venue was excellent, and the service was below par.
2	I LOVE random trips to Las Vegas and this is probably my 3rd one???Anyways....came here with a friend for a late lunch since we were out the entire night before. We walked from the Monte Carlo to Paris and I have to state that it was one of the best walks ever. :) I haven't really cavorted the strip like that and I felt I was young again...what am I saying, I'm not even that old!We were seated within 3-5 minutes of getting into the restaurant. Everyone has to wait in the bar area for a table. Finally, our host took us to our table outdoors. The view is spectacular. Just as we sat down, the fountain show at the Bellagio commenced. It would've been the most ideal late lunch ever,  but it ended up raining and we has to take a booth inside. boo hiss argh.The booths are comfy and it's dim inside, which makes the setting very romantic. there's the more lit area where I'd hang with my friends, then the outdoor patio if I wanted some air.I ordered the brie, green apple and chicken sandwich which was not what i expected. I consider myself a huge BRIE and APPLE fanatic...but this one was bland...barely any chicken in my sandwich and it was dry! The soup du jour, which was a cream mash potato mussel soup was DELICIOUS! I almost ate it all with the baguette they give you. The baguette was a little burnt at the bottom, but did not taste bad. I also ordered a bloody mary with extra horseradish...it was ok. Best bloody mary I have had was at Bear Mountains hands down, but I'll try anything once.My friend ordered the croque monsieur but instead they gave him a croque madame, which we didn't realize until the bill came out. At that moment he exclaimed why his meal didn't look right. It was missing the creamy sauce on top.All in all, I mayyy come back here to try their make your own bloody marys. As for the food, I was not impressed. We will see how the make your own bloody marys fare in Feb 2011!
4	It is an oasis on the "strip". Great and varied menu. Highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi. Classy but relaxed, consistent and just a great place. It helps my mental health to confirm my observations and simulate my sense of humor by reading other reviews by world class esteemed reviewers:  LOL such reviews... and I quote:  "I went for the fish and chips...."   This is odd as it is more an English dish rather than French. and another quote:  "what is a "bloody cod? sounds kinda nasty". Who would order "fried cod" ata French Bistro?Anyhooo, one of the great joints on the "strip". Food, Service, Location deserves the 5 stars, but cannot hand those ratings out with impunity.Summer Time (oh, there is a song by that title) it is GREAT to sit outside and watch the world go by (the 1st, 2nd and 3rd world), Winter Time (no song title) inside is a bit dark but elegant (ok, some consider this romantic), and a bit crowded. Food & service are always excellent.  Another "touch stone" in LV.
4	What is French for "OMG I would totally go back there, that place was so yummy"...well, it slipped my mind. Still. I loved this place. Having never been before a girlfriend of mine and I decided to go here for dinner before seeing the Nutcracker. We ate inside since it was cool out but the views of Bellagio fountains was AWESOME! The atmosphere was beautiful and very romantic. Dimmed lights, fancy table settings, attentive wait staff. The food was incredible as well. Of course to start we had escargot (one each), YUM! I had the seared sea scallops with whipped cauliflower. It was delicious. To end I had the creme brule. It was really tasty as well.  Not to mention the sour dough bread and butter that came. The meal was really good.I would definitely go back here again....good food, good service, good view and good friends. (Ok, the last one you will have to get your own on)J'adore! (French for LOVE people)
5	Me: Is that the line for Le Buffet?He: YepNot willing to wait in a long ass line for buffet food, even though this city is where buffets are the norm, we walked up to the front and decided to eat lunch here.  Christmas is just a day around these parts, so the inside wasn't crowded.  We opted for the patio and got a street side table where we could see the water show at Bellagio.Bottle of Cotes du Rhone - checksmall loaf of hot bread - checkFeels like we're in Paris without the long ass plane ride.  The only difference is, although it's not so obvious, they do want to turn the table.The crispy crab cake appetizer came with a jicama and cucumber slaw.  It was good, but could have used a little less breading.  The specials sounded great and I first ordered the sandwich, but the partner ordered the steak frites with the brandy peppercorn sauce because there were three to choose from.  Looking over the menu again, there was a caramelized onion and red wine sauce....SOLD!  The steaks were cooked to order, a little tough, but good.  The partner said he expected more peppercorns.The frites were interesting.  More like large potato shreds fried crispy, so sort of like a cross between a fry and a chip.  I thought a little more arugula on the plate would've been nice.  We enjoyed our meal so much, we came back for dinner a couple days later.  We pretty much ordered the same.Except, I had the filet mignon with merlot butter,  and the partner had the caramelized onions.  We shared a butter lettuce and crispy apple salad.  This also came with grilled beets and goat cheese, and was very tasty.  And then our over indulgence kicked in and we had the chocolate mousse, creme brulee, and a trio of ice cream in pastry.  So a buffet of desserts...LOL!The service was great!  Attentive and friendly.  The view of the street is by far the best part.  Watching all walks of life going by was interesting.  It may not be the real Paris, but it's close enough and cheaper to get to.
5	This is really the best place for a great steak and atmosphere for the money.  If you sit outside, you get a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains.  The filet is amazing, drinks are great.  My favorite is the rib eye with Bearnaise sauce.  Great place to hang out with friends or a nice date.
4	Was a big fan of the lincoln park location in chicago, so to find the same menu, at similar prices with al fresco dining overlooking the bellagio fountains was a nice treat.The service was super fast, and the warm brie was superb.
4	Great atmosphere, excellent service, oh yeah and the food was really good too! Our dinner started with a warm baguette served in a paper bag along with a celery root confitte, compliments of the Chef. A nice touch. The roasted chestnut soup, creamed cauliflower and seared scallops were real standouts. The only suggestion I have for those who want to make their dinner a long leisurely experience, would be to tell their waiter up front. They don't at all rush you here, they just seem to know what they are doing and thus are very efficient. Next time in Vegas we will definitely plan to stop here for another dinner.
4	4 stars for breakfast.  Had mushroom & Brie omelet and blueberry waffle. First of all, outdoor seating is awesome w the view of Bellagio fountain and for people watching. Friendly service, good coffee, fluffy omelet, and crispy light waffle w plenty of blueberry w sweet airy whip cream- one of the best waffles ever!  FYI, on weekdays breakfast is only served till 11am.
3	I remember liking this restaurant the first time I went there years ago. This time we went on a busy night but had reservations. We went right in. There were lots of people and I found service to be fast and good considering the amount of people there. My fiance's steak was Ok not good but not horribly bad. I would def. not order that again. My scallops were good-but would not really say it's worth the money. The french onion soup was very good. Overall they have a nice view, good service, overpriced (but expected on the strip), portion size is decent, but food is nothing special. I don't think I will be going back.
5	We had heard of Mon Ami Gabi, and finally had a chance to go there on our latest trip to Las Vegas.  Great food and great location across the street from the Bellagio fountains.  We were in a party of six and everyone loved their meal.   The escargot appetizer was excellent.  I had the fish special, Pacific cod, which was perfectly prepared.  My wife had the lamb, which was superb.
4	okay, it might not be the best french inspired restaurant around but it offers some of the best views of bellagio and has the shorted wait time for a table than any other restaurant inside the Paris hotel. the mussels are averagethe prime sandwich is averagethe crab salad sandwich was fairbut the scallops are AWESOME. for you cocktail lovers, they also have a great cocktail menu to sip on while enjoying the fountain show at the bellagio.
4	Came here for New Years Eve brunch.  So glad we made reservations because there was a two hour wait!  I ordered a mimosa and the onion soup and boy was that the richest most delicious onion soup I've ever had!  The boyfriend had sangria and lamb sandwich and it too did not fail.  The prices were great and the view was spectacular.  It was freezing in Vegas but they had many heat lamps on the patio so that you can enjoy your meal shiver free and have a great view of The Bellagio fountains.  Will definitely come back again!
4	We've eaten here twice while visiting Vegas.  This last time was within the past week.  We made reservations for lunch and were seated outside.  The waitress was friendly and attentive.  We ordered the country pate plate for an appetizer and I ordered a quiche while my husband ordered a sandwich.  I enjoyed the quiche but thought the sandwich was lacking a bit...then again I'm not a huge sandwich fan.  Anyhow the bread and butter is always yummy and I do recommend the quiche which was delicious.  The pate was okay but I didn't know that the country pate was more on the chunkier side, so if you like a more mousse like pate then maybe try the chicken liver one.
3	3.5...We made reservations for 8p but after a long day out on the Strip, we pushed it back to 9p.Arrived and we were asked whether we still wanted to sit inside or out on the patio. Since I knew the Bellagio Fountains' show began at 9p, we opted for the patio. The patio had heaters, which was awesome since I had a sleeveless dress on. We lucked out and got a table smack dab in the middle of the patio with prime views of the Bellagio and a wonderful view of the Eiffel Tower. It was AMAZING!!!The service from Marlon was great! Recommendations were made and questions answered. -Couple glasses of house Pinots ($15)-Filet ($32)-Hanger Steak ($20)-Special Bread Pudding ($9)Total was $82, plus a generous tip.Steak frites accompanied the steaks and they were yum! I had the filet, and I have to admit, I had to struggle a bit for a clean cut. The hanger had really good seasoning and flavor. When I order dessert, it HAS to be with some type of chocolate. HOWEVER, since the bread pudding was seasonal, we opted to be different and try it. It was warm goodness!!! I would have probably requested a side of hot fudge, but oh well.The service and ambiance truly deserves a 5 star rating. Unfortunately, I expected more with my steak. Would love to come back and try their fresh fish.
3	One of my regular outdoor brunch spots in Vegas.  Their outdoor patio is awesome for a relaxing brunch while watching the fountain show.  I like their crepe dishes and their soup is ok too.  Their mussels were very delicous at one point, but very disappointed when I was there last time.  I would give them 3.5 stars because of the inconsistency in their food quality.  I would still go there for my brunch, but without my high expecations in their food quality.
4	From Wikipedia, "Snail is a common name for almost all members of the molluscan class Gastropoda that have coiled shells in the adult stage. When the word is used in a general sense, it includes sea snails, land snails and freshwater snails. Otherwise snail-like creatures that lack a shell (or have only a very small one) are called slugs."Snails, or in the case of Mon Ami Gabi, escargot were NEVER something I thought I'd let cross my lips... until after a few too many mimosas, I got teased into ordering them here.They were, in a single word, outstanding.  (I do suppose, however, that anything is superb when prepared with enough butter and garlic.)  The rest of my brunch here was also spectacular but it paled in comparison to my experience trying snail.Like everyone else said:  beautiful views of the Bellagio fountains, etc.I will certainly return here many times.
5	I am thoroughly impressed with Mon Ami Gabi! C'est tres bon! It is a incredibly nice restaurant without the "We're too good to serve you" attitude. Having been here three times, I would strongly recommend the Bananas Foster Crepe, it is heavenly. Being on a college student budget, I typically just order an appetizer, and dessert to share! It is plenty filling, and you won't break the bank. Their mussels, when in season, are incroyable!  Plus, the bread that they give you for free is fresh, anything free is great on my list. It's worth the drive to the strip if you're looking for a great, fresh, French meal!
4	The Hot on Yelp list has yet to steer me wrong. The buffet line at the Bellagio was too long, so we looked for the closest alternative without a long wait.Lunch was amazing starting with warm baked bread and butter, and awesome smoked salmon and brioche and capers. We had the steak frites, ordered medium rare, but it came out closer to medium well. The waiter gave us two sauces. The blue cheese sauce was nicely buttery, but be sure to break up large chunks of cheese for a more blended flavor. The second sauce were caramelized onions in a nice, but powerful red wine sauce. Tip: Pour blue cheese sauce over steak and fish out onions to top your cut gives you the flavor of the soaked in wine sauce, but it doesn't overpower the dish. The frites reminded me of chip like fries, thin and crunchy like chips, shaped like fries. The thyme seared salmon was beautifully cooked, moist and topped over a bed of orzo spinach and peas.The cocktails are delicious, yet strong. The Nutty Russian was my first drink of the day, but by the end of it, I was close to drunk. But then again at $12.95 for one, I better be drunk after.Overall, with a view of the Bellagio water works and plenty of people watching, it was a pleasant meal and I'm definitely coming back to try the mussels in herbs and white wine sauce. The table next to us inhaled it!
4	As a belated birthday present, I wanted to take my sister to a nice restaurant of her choice.  She read about Mon Ami Gabi and wanted to try their breakfast so we made our reservation via Open Table for December 27th at 10 AM.  When I made the reservation, there was a box I could write a note to the Maitra D'.  I wrote we're celebrating my sister's belated birthday and she wanted to have the breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi.  Hoping we could order a dessert and I could ask them for a candle or something for her but when we get there, we're never asked about it at all. We were there a few minutes early.  I don't know how long she's been working for that day but the hostess at the door wasn't very welcoming and didn't even crack a smile.  The popular patio was wide open and it was a very nice morning so we decided to have a table out there.  She took us to the very end of patio where nobody was around, even though only less than 20% of tables were occupied at the patio.  It was still chilly and the heating pole wasn't lit yet.  When we asked her about it, she said it should be turned on soon and she left.  I was worried if our first experience at Mon Ami Gabi would be like her, stuck up with a horrible attitude.  However our waitress came immediately after the hostess left and told us this spot would be too cold for us and the heating pole was not working so she moved us to the right in the center where we're surrounded by three working heating poles.  If I were a manager or the owner of the restaurant, I would hire someone at least smiles for the "greeting" hostess.  I say the first impression is very important.Unlike the unfriendly hostess at the door, our waitress was fantastic.  She was very friendly and attentive, she made the rest of our M.A.G. experience so much better.The coffee was pretty good, not too weak but not too strong or bitter.  Their fresh squeezed orange juice was also good.  I've ordered their crab eggs benedict with breakfast potatoes and my sister ordered chicken and cheese crape.  When I saw my eggs benedict's potion, I was not sure if it would fill my big tummy but it did.  I didn't see the big chunk of crab meat but it sure did taste like crab and the buttery home fries (breakfast potatoes) were tasty too.  My sister's crape had some brie cheese in it and had a very elegant taste.  We're too full to order any desserts but I still wished if they asked me if I wanted to do something for my sister. By the end of our breakfast, the patio tables were completely full.  It was too early for Bellagio's fountain show but still it was fun to watch people who past by.  At least we had three or four people who shouted "Viva Las Vegas!" or something like that during our 1.5 hrs or so dining time and I thought there were more variety of fun and wacky people out there than my hometown Los Angeles.     The food was good if not exceptionally great.  With the patio seating and the great service we've got from our waitress, we'll be back for breakfast or lunch.
4	I decided to try Mon Ami Gabi after there was such high ratings from Yelp Reviewers. I can see why! First off I had their French Onion Soup, the cheese they use is absolutely fantastic. I don't know how to describe it, but the soup was delicious and the cheese just complemented it so well!It was the second best onion soup I've ever had. The first was a place in 4 star restaurant in Mexico. I then had the croque madame which was nicely priced compared to other places in Las Vegas. It can be a little oily for those that are a little more health conscious. The only beef I had was that their Frites were really oily. I could literally feel the oil gush out from them and so I didn't eat a lot of them. The service was friendly, people were attentive and ensure that the experience went pleasantly. If given the chance, I would go back and eat there again.
5	I'm addicted to their brunch - especially their daily Eggs Benedict special.  A favorite was the lobster benedict.  I've always been waited on my a kind and courteous staff.  And when the hostess says "inside or outside" she really means "outside", not a fake vegas "outside" with clouds painted on the ceiling.  Outside is strip side view right across from the Belagio fountains.
5	Oh what a gorgeous lunch i had here. And i am referring to the food.I ordered an endive and pear salad as an appetizer with a glass of freshly squeezed OJ. I had a freshly ground Ahi Tuna burger with fries for my entree, and finally, the most beautiful apple tart for dessert. Honestly, everything tasted so good that i just wanted to sit there forever and savor every last bite.Everything is crafted very well, the service is great and the food is very fresh. And you really need to try that Ahu Tuna burger - it's very moist (contrary to the name) and very nicely flavored. The apple tart is unlike a typical fruit tart - the apple had been cramelized forever so it was very flavorful, the crust wasn't too thick so it didn't overshadow the apple. Go try it and enjoy the view:)
5	In Vegas again and had to go back to Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast.   Love the fresh apple juice!!   This time,   I had the croissant breakfast sandwich and my friend had the lemon pancakes.   The portions are huge and the food is always great.    If you are in Vegas, this is a must try!   You will not be disappointed.
1	Yes, the location is great, and the outdoor patio very inviting, but our brunch at Gabi was very disappointing. It was a cool, rainy day, so we sat inside. First, we ordered some fresh-squeezed juice. He had orange, which he enjoyed. I had grapefruit, which tasted like it had just started to turn...bitter with almost a fizz to it.  Next, coffee. It was on the weak side, and since I sweeten my coffee with honey rather than sugar, I asked for some...twice...it never came.  I had seen the chocolate-bacon waffle with warm maple syrup advertised from the street, and had been fantasizing about it for days. I ordered that, while the bf ordered the corned beef hash and eggs.  Both entrees arrived barely room temperature, but it had taken so long already we decided against trying to flag the waitress down again. The corned beef had good flavor, but the meat was a little stringy. The waffle was decent, but the saddest part was the "hot maple syrup." Now I am a New-England girl, and picky about my maple syrup, but I think anyone paying $12 for a waffle should rightfully expect real maple syrup.  This was not. It was the typical maybe-maple-flavored corn syrup you'd find at any cheap diner. Yuck! Totally unacceptable. We finished quickly and left. In a way I regret not speaking up, but it wasn't the server's fault, and it was so busy... Maybe the location and views from the patio are enough for some, but if you're going for good food I'd go elsewhere.
4	LOVE this place - get a seat outside for a view of the Bellagio fountains, but be prepared to wait as they don't take reservations for outdoor seating.  I enjoy brunch here the most, but dinner is great too.  Fabulous french onion soup!
5	Food, Service, Bloody Mary Bar, The view of the water show is also fun to watch....Sit outside and people watch it is fantastic.  My friend and I both got the Croque Madame...amazing and it was a good amount of food! I really enjoyed my lunch.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. It's in a gorgeous location - if you sit outside you have an amazing view of the Bellagio as your backdrop. My party of 6 came here for lunch on a Sunday, and we were seated immediately. I ordered French toast from the Brunch menu, ~$10. I don't even like French toast all that much - but it was perfection. The toast was soft and spongey, and it came with really good blueberry jam/sauce. The whip cream was also very light so I didn't feel bloated after. The $3 coffee was also really great. They give you free refills, which I failed to realize when I gave a waiter my cup. It's not too bitter, and tastes perfect with a bit of cream. Other notable/good dishes:+ Jumbo Lump Crab Salad Tartine+ Most of the salads After the meal I felt full in a very satisfying way - great place to sit and relax and enjoy your food and the view.
4	Got the special lunch plate of the day.  I wasn't a huge fan of it, and our waitress no questions asked, took it back, brought me out the chicken club and the french onion soup(really good also).  The location is great, I enjoy people watching and if you got a seat outside you can enjoy the nice weather(non-summer).
4	I always come to Mon Ami Gabi for at least 1 dinner with a large group of at least 10 or more and we are all never disappointed!Always a good meal without the Vegas hype or sky high prices!!
1	Food was OK, but service was terrible.  Our server never came back to our table to check if we need another drink, water, bread, etc.  We had to get somebody else's attention for our need.  At the end, they included 18% tipping which is their policy for 5 or more people.  We just wanted to let them know she did not provide us service enough for 18% tipping.  When we called the manager, he was worse.  He said, "did you get your food?  did you get your drink?  then what is your problem?  I am missing your point".   Four of my friends came from Japan.  They totally ruined our time.
5	Quality food, ambiance, moderate pricing . . . what more could you want?  The lemon-thyme salmon on orzo with peas and spinach was perfect, but the real find was the French onion soup with gruyere cheese.  OMG!  The portions are not skimpy either.  Didn't have room for desert (darn!), but I'll bet they're heavenly.  Oh, yes, it's across from Bellagio and you get to watch the water displays.  It was a wonderful date night!
5	With each annual trek to Vegas that my hubby and I make, we make sure to have dinner here.  Since we usually go to LV in June, we dine outside on the patio each time.  Waiters prompt and service excellent although we did get a laugh the last time because our waiter had this cheesy french accent and when we were leaving we heard him talking to other waiters and he had a total east coast accent!!   Never a bad meal, steaks are wonderful. Large wine selection although fewer lesser priced options then higher priced ones.  Banana's Foster for dessert is divine!  We will be back again and again I'm certain!
4	I've always wanted to enjoy brunch at a french bistro/cafe with my closest friends full of good food. Check! I found this place and my friend raved about the French onion soup. I shared a ham&cheese crepe and french onion soup and we couldn't finish it! The crepe was huge for about $10. The french onion soup was about $8 and topped with melted cheese on top (torched). Towards the end, the flavors became a little overwhelming with all the salty taste. Regardless, just don't overeat here and try to share dishes to get the most of what they offer!
4	They seated us in the indoor patio area (in view of the Bellagio fountain!), nice ambience and great service!! Their French onion soup was very good,  We also got their potatoes gaufrettes with side of blue cheese dipping sauce, the blue cheese dipping sauce tasted really fresh and surprisingly light.  Their side of frites (or fries) was interesting, they're cut into short slivers and fried, while crispy, it would have been nice to have the fries be a bit more substantial since they tasted like leftover frites at the bottom of the bag.The highlight for me was their crepe with chicken and apples (all sliced evenly and thinly for the perfectly distributed bite).  It was a generous portion, served with a creamy, white sauce to dip all the goodness into.  Their frisee salad with bacon and a soft-poached egg was delicious too!!!  The egg was perfectly poached!!
4	As good as it gets in Vegas for people watching paired with great food and excellent service.  The outdoor patio is the place to be anytime of year,  heaters when it's cool and misters in the heat let you enjoy the views of the Bellagio fountains as well as the variety of strip goers.  Can't miss with the French Onion soup.
5	The food was pretty good, not the best, but still very good.If you come here, you have to sit at the patio.  The view is AMAZING!  The beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain and the good food and wine equals a very romantic date.
5	This place has it all! Great ambiance, great food, and a friendly wait staff. When we first saw it, it seemed like it would be a long wait but they buzzed us about a minute later. I had the prime-rib special and it was delish!!!! My friends ordered steak from medium to well-done and each was said to be perfect! Aside from the food, the place has nice soft lighting, great for romantic dates or just out with friends. The wait staff was very attentive and often checked in with us... he also chatted a little with us so that was nice as well. Great place!
1	If I could give it ZERO stars I would.I have dined here numerous times and clearly liked it to return each time.  However, the last time was just that, the LAST TIME.  The service was appalling.  My guest was not feeling well and upon telling two waitresses this, the bottle of water and bread arrived 15 minutes later...We were ready to order as we knew it would take quite a while given the restaurant was filling up...but our waitress was clearly more excited about having 5 men to serve because they were seated a good 10 minutes after us, however they had their wine order taken, wine poured and food orders taken while we were still waiting to be noticed!!  I asked one waitress for the check and told her I'd like to pay for my bottle of water and why I was leaving.  She told our waitress who clearly shooed her away and scoffed. I informed the manager who very obviously should NOT be holding the position he is as his response to me was "Well, then leave!" quite loudly....oh, but that was after he charged me the $7.50 for the bottle of water.  WOW - customer service 101.  Last time I checked...I'm one of the people PAYING TO EAT THERE and the STAFF are the folks BEING PAID TO WORK THERE...Good thing I have a choice where I can spend my $$.  Pathetic.
5	Great location, classic decor, fair prices and large portions! Had the strawberry skinny pancake aka French crepe and it was delicious and very filling. With unlimited coffee, a glass of milk, tip & tax the total came out to $20 not bad at all! Service was great & waiter even took back a crepe my friend ordered after it had arrived & he noticed it was too much food to go along with his egg combo.
5	yumyumyum! My first French restaurant. It was really classy inside & a nice place to take a date, and I guess sitting outside is the business cause it was packed outside, but pretty empty inside. I had the Seafood Crepe for about $14, which was filled with peas & cream & topped with jumbo shrimp & giant delishhh scallops. I shared with a friend, and was satisfied. We originally planned to go to the Bellagio Buffet around 3, but stopped by here for a quick bite since we were starving...but were too full by the time we finished & had to postpone our buffet plans. Bon Appetit!
4	The $$ (it's $$$) is completely inaccurate and whoever voted for that was either ordering a sandwich and/or too wasted to realize what they were paying.That being said, I did enjoy my visit here, although not what I expected, price aside. The place was dimly lit, nice on a date, not so nice if you'd like to do some work or read (I read the reviews saying casual). I started with a mixed green salad which came with a nice light vinaigrette but the greens could have been cut down to a bite size so I didn't have to feel like a rabbit. For my entree, I had the special for the night which was a half roast duck in sweet sauce.  The hint of licorice was a nice touch and added some kick to an otherwise standard dish. However, the half duck was just that, and you will need experience as a butcher to cut through it in a non-insane way.The server was polite despite my odd appearance, trying to catch up on some reading in a dimly lit restaurant. There was the added bonus of having a magical experience with the Bellagio water show out the window. I can recall a local telling me, "yeah, we got culture, the Bellagio water show" - ehhh, maybe not so much...but cute anyhow.
5	This was my favorite meal last visit to Vegas. Had the flat iron steak with the bordelaise sauce and french onion soup. Will be back.
5	Great service and mimosas!
5	Mon Ami Gabi is a cute French restaurant located in the Paris Resort and Casino. I came here with a group of my girlfriends for lunch. I was a little wary about the restaurant because whenever I hear "French food" I immediately think expensive. Thankfully, the prices at Mon Ami Gabi were very reasonable.I ordered the Seafood Crepe (~$14), and it is HEAVENLY. If you love seafood like me, it's an absolute must. The scallops were seared perfectly, the shrimp was perfect, the peas were a perfect addition to the plate -- the dish was perfectly perfect. My friend and I shared the crepe and got full off of that. We were originally going to go to the Bellagio Buffet a few hours after, but decided to save that for another day because Mon Ami Gabi got us stuffed!Service was very accommodating. We had two guests that came later than we did, and they had no problem with adding them to our table. Water glasses were always filled, bread was always served, and our entrees didn't take too long to wait for. I'd definitely come back again.
5	Made reservations for dinner here on a weekday.  They had no problem seating us early and we were able to get a table outside.  Even when it's cold out, this is the best place to eat as you get a really great view of the Bellagio fountains during your meal.  The inside has a nice ambiance as well, but get a table outside if you can.  Our waiter was incredibly attentive throughout the meal, refilling water, asking if we wanted more bread (the bread was delicious, btw), etc.  She even anticipated that we wanted separate checks and was more than happy to arrange it, which sadly most restaurants get very bitchy about.We all got a steak entree with frites.  Don't order any side dishes - they give you a MOUNTAIN of frites!  I could barely finish half of them.  My steak was quite large as well.  I had the steak bordelaise, which had a yummy caramelized onion and wine sauce with it.  My friends had the filet mignon and the steak bearnaise, which were both very good.  Perhaps it wasn't the best steak I've ever had, but still excellent.  And with the addition of the ambiance and the service, I have to give this place 5 stars.To clarify, this is a $$ restaurant if you order a non-steak entree (they have burgers, sandwiches, chicken, fish etc.) or a steak frite entree (the thin cuts of steak) without drinks, appetizers or dessert.  If you order one of the more select steak cuts or start adding sides to your meal, this is more of a $$$ restaurant.
5	Even on a cold winter morning, breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi was still a solid option! If you've read about my past experiences here, then you'll probably already know what to expect from this review.It was very chilly outside when I had breakfast here for my last meal in Vegas before flying home and it was also still early so the heat lamps out on the patio weren't fired up yet, so they had seated at a very cozy table by the window, which was still a great spot for some early morning people watching.Since I didn't want to take the risk in picking something new that could potentially result in a disappointing last meal in Vegas, I took the safe option and went with their Eggs Benedict (14.95) since I had their Crab Cake Eggs Benedict (15.95) last time and loved it.  And once again I had their fresh OJ and bottomless Coffee.  As expected, the Eggs Benedict was perfect (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=JwV3dbADg-18GS6NESEBSQ).  Every bite was scrumptious!  And once again, the Hash Browns were packed with flavor with the caramelized onions inside.  Loved it!!And there isn't much more I can say about their morning service other than it was spot on like last time.  Though it was a little more busier, I didn't have 20 or so waiters refilling my half empty cup of coffee every 5 mins.  Oh well, can't complain too much about that since I still had a very good waitress.I'm really starting to enjoy Mon Ami Gabi a lot more as a breakfast option as the place is more mellow and very relaxing compared to the more active atmosphere for lunch and dinner, but you do miss out on the Fountains of Bellagio as they start up later in the day.  If you haven't stopped by here yet for a bite, give it a try and dine out on the patio when the weather is nice.  It definitely makes for a great first or last meal in Vegas.
4	I came here for brunch on a Saturday and had tea, croissants, and their eggs benedict. The eggs were delicious! They were made just right and served over a large slab of Canadian bacon and a large, perfectly toasted English muffin drizzled with Hollandaise sauce. There were two, and was accompanied by hash browns, which I loved. They were the perfect crisp and saltiness. I definitely want to go back and try their other menu items.
4	We were there for new year's eve dinner. Outdoor seating for 15 people, they were really nice to take our reservation the morning of. It's a $110/ person set menu not including drinks. Yea...a little on the pricey side, but the location and view is great! The food is not bad either, the waitress was awesome! She made our night!!!! Would def. go back again anytime!
5	I'm going to keep this short and sweet:  I feel like I always want to eat here every time I'm in Vegas!!!  What I love about this place:- French onion soup is delicious! - Outdoor seating offers a perfect view of the Strip and the Bellagio Fountain show- Service was attentive and promptThere's always a ton of people here, so make sure you make reservations - if not, expect to wait about 45 min - 1 hour.
4	Very nice location and ambiance on the patio.  Even though it was cold, the heaters keep you toasty warm!  Great views of Bellagio Fountains in the evening and good people watching!  Food was very good, not the best but certainly good.  Two entrees and 2 glasses of bubbly and our bill was only $70.  Good, attentive service and food recommendations.  Can't beat the value!!
3	Mussels - Were good. More on the expensive side though. The wine sauce was tasty as well. Fries were small and crispy. Maybe too small for me though. Duck confit - Tasty, especially the skin. Would order again. The lentils under the duck were also tasty. Cod special - The fish itself was good but the dish as a whole was bland. Scallops- Were really good. Nice texture and flavor. I usually don't like scallops.
4	It was late and the husband and I hadn't eaten dinner yet.  I was fearful that we wouldn't find a thing considering it was prime time dinner time in Vegas on one of the busiest (for weddings) weekends of the year (10/10/10).Mon Ami Gabi, is not only fun to say, but is a casual french-style dining experience.  The menu had all sorts of good red meat choices: steaks and whatnot; and some onion soup, etc.  But the pricing seemed ... eh ... a little high.  But whatever, we managed to get a seat at the teeny bar (seats 6-8) and talked it up with the bar guy, really cool dude.This is going to sound boring, but Dave and I ordered the onion soup and shared a burger (we did not intend to go all out this night), which was the perfect choice for the bar seating, right?  Heck yes. The burger was simple in its presentation, nothing out of the ordinary, but the cooking temp and size and vehicle were stupendous and delicious!  So juicy and came with some great skinny frites (those French!!).
4	What a people watching place to eat in Vegas!  Sit outside and watch the march of tourists, Elvis impersonators, Jack Sparrow with parrot, drunken locals, and more. The Bellagio water show is directly across the street  and this is a  spectacular vantage point to watch the show from.I enjoyed a delicious glass of Sauvignon Blanc from their very large wine list along with a delicious Steak Classic with Frites.  All done perfect!As I am writing this, the water cannons are blowing once again from the Bellagio fountains!  One of the best in Vegas!
4	The best part of this restaurant is that most seatings will pit you right in front of the Bellagio water show. Romantic, but without suffering from the pish and posh you get from a snooty upscale restaurant. Bread as an appetizer, and both my hot girlfriend and I both had meat from their steak frites section. While I can't say it was a life changing experience, it was definitely above par. I don't believe this is a steak centered establishment, since the palm frites was clearly a show stealer. An absolutely perfect addition to the food, and a definite winner.Romantic, not terribly expensive, and the staff were accommodating even when we were late.
4	I had my bday brunch here.  The decor was a classic/ trendy tavern.  Everyone's dish was impressively presented.  I ordered the Lump Crab salad sandwich which was so good!! But the mussels are highly recommended.I'll come back again!!!
4	4.2 stars.If you're going to come here, be sure to get a seat outside (if it's nice outside) or a seat by the window. You'll have a good view of the Bellagio fountain. Also, if you're at a good table, you'll have a good place to people-watch because the restaurant itself is on a prime location on the Vegas strip. If this place is expensive to you, then it's probably because of the location of the restaurant.As far as food, all I got was the Onion Soup and the Escargot. The Onion Soup was good but I've had better Escargot. The free bread they provide was also pretty tasty.Overall, my experience here was good and I'd come back, especially since it's a central location on a strip and the food is good.Lastly, our server was kind of creepy.
4	I was in Las Vegas for a convention and staying at the Aria. After days of hotel food compliments of our hosts, I was really craving something spectacular. The reviews sounded promising, so we decided to give it a try. The ambiance and view were great - right across from the Bellagio fountains. We got to see the water show every 15 minutes which was fun. It was freezing out but the heat lamps kept us warm enough. Service there is top notch and we loved our waiter.As for food, we ordered two bowls of the french onion soup. I thought it was okay but I've had better. I liked that they used gruyere cheese but I thought that there was just way too much cheese and that the soup was a bit salty for my taste. As an appetizer we ordered the Chicken Pate. This by far was my favorite for the night. The little pickles and bread they served with the Pate complimented it just perfectly. For the entree, I had the filet mignon which was tender and flavorful but not the best filet I've had. The sauce was pretty good and I enjoyed myself. Top this off with a glass of Merlot and good company - recipe for a wonderful evening. I would definitely bring some friends back here for dinner again. I'll have to try other items on their menu but I'm definitely ordering the Pate again!
5	This restaurant is wonderful!  I had the Lemon Chicken Paillard and it was delicious.  The atmosphere was romantic, the staff was friendly and attentive.  Everything was superb.
5	Holy Chicken liver MOUSSE!If you like liver, try it! order order order! It was mild, buttery and if you are anemic like me, this is the dish that will get your iron going! IT WAS SOOO GOOD! It was served with buttery toasts, mini pickles and cocktail onions with a touch of liver horseradish type of sauce. It was so perfect! I asked for some more toasts later on and packed it up to-go, which i later enjoyed eating on the way back home to the OC ^_^I had a seafood crepe and wow! the scallops couldn't be bigger or tastier. Jumbo shrimp!My bf had the jumbo crab cake and damn was it JUMBO! it was filled with crab.J'adore 'Mon Ami Gabi'!
3	Breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi. The food here is reasonably priced which was a nice surprise. Skinny Pancake - Lemon: I was pleasantly surprised by this dish. The French don't make pancakes. They make crepes! The "pancake" is a few layers of crepe with caramelized lemon sugar, powdered sugar and fresh strawberries on top. It also comes with whipped cream and strawberry sauce.I was not overwhelmed with my meal but it's a lovely breakfast place with a nice view of the strip. I'd come back for another brunch.
3	Brunch here is pretty good.  The weather was gorgeous and we got seated in the "indoor patio" area, where we're indoors but have wonderful views of the strip and the Bellagio watershow (my favorite!).  Yayyyyy!  I wanted to be healthy and recover from the night before so I went for the Butter Lettuce and Honey Crisp Apple Salad.  I saw people from two other tables order it around us and figured it would be good.  It was actually pretty good.  The aged goat cheese was the perfect compliment to the beets and light dressing on the lettuce.  Although the serving was on the smaller side, I was still full with that and the bread.  We shared pitchers of the sangria, which was pretty stiff, but had a lot of good fruity flavors.  The server was interesting (he pretty much shared his whole life story to us in 3 minutes), but it definitely didn't bother us.
1	The greatest thing that this restaurant offers is an outdoor patio directly across from the fountains of Belaggio. That is it. The service was poor, aka, non existent. I ordered a Tom Collins to drink, and it was garnished with a cherry, slice of lime, and piece of hair. Lovely. Then came my chicken club. I had asked my server what the sandwich consisted of, and he was not too sure what came on it. Sadly, not much. Toasted bread, as little chicken as possible, and a couple pieces of bacon and a leaf or two of lettuce. Oh, and no mayonnaise on it. This thing was dry as the desert itself. And the 'pom frites' may as well be called potato chip crumbs. Yuck. I usually like to gives a restaurant I didn't enjoy another chance to redeem itself, but I will not be doing that with this place. Eat at Earl of Sandwich instead.
5	Great Service, food and view. We loved it fro breakfast!
5	This is a must visit for my friends & family every time we're in Vegas.  We absolutely adore this place!!!!  Such great price for the quality of food and it's consistently phenomenal.First of all, let me start by saying the bread is to DIE FOR!!!!  We go through at least 4 rolls.  Order the chicken liver mousse and eat it w/ the bread, I promise you won't regret it!  The quiche is the go-to fave for me.  Frangria's worth trying especially if you're doing an early brunch.  Chicken broccoli crepe is good also.  The tuna special open face sandwich was delish as well.  Service is always pleasant and food always comes out quickly.  Again the bread is key!If you're looking for somewhere to eat on the strip, don't hesitate and come to Mon Ami Gabi, it's totally worth it!!!!
5	So it was my birthday...........We were seated outside the weather was so comfortable. I had filet with merlot sauce, crusty bread, red wine....... AMAZING!!!! (everyone had something different, All delicious)Then,  the water show from the beligio came on..................the sound of "Frank" singing to me.What an amazing surprise.  It was a dining experience I will never forget.
5	We visited Mon Ami Gabi on a weeknight after making reservations online. We were sat right away. After our server introduced himself we ordered wine...or tried to. My wife wanted a sauvengion blanc, but he said they were out for the evening. She asked what relatively sweet wine they had and he said "none" and then brought her a sample of Riesling, which was described on the wine list as "very dry." Don't get me wrong, the service wasn't bad, he just seemed to have a bit of French "snottiness" to him, which made the experience a little awkward.He recommended the specials of the evening, one of which was a bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin with potatoes. I took his suggestion and my wife ordered the salmon. Both were very good and we had a wonderful meal overall and would go back if/when we return to Vegas. With wine, entrees, tax and tip the meal came to about $80
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  Their steak classique and frites are so tasty.  Still, my personal favorite is their creme brulee.  It never disappoints.  It's great that you can sit outside because you get a nice view of the strip, but they need to expand it.  Every time I go there, there is a really long wait to eat outside, but the interior decor is very classy and the servers are pleasant, so try it!
5	Great restaurant!  Given the outdoor seating with a view of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower, this place is a great after dark spot to hit during the summer.  I've had several entrees and desserts on the menu, and each item was amazing.  It's a little spendy, which is to be expected for any restaurant on the strip, but if you can manage to get an outdoor seat it's well worth it.  The seating is elevated from the strip, so it isn't like you have people walking by and sticking their heads in to have a look at your meal.  I would highly recommend this spot to anyone looking for a nice and memorable meal on the Strip.
3	I have been wanting to eat at MAG rest ever since I drove by it back in the days, finally we decide to eat here for Valentine's weekend since we were in town. We are seated in the Pavilion which was really nice and fun (very romantic too), reminds me of Dubai restaurants. I ordered the french onion soup which I am dying to try; it was very good, but I honestly don't think it was the best I have had, maybe it was my cup, but there was really a lot of cheese, I mean do not get me wrong, I LOVE CHEESE, but there was almost more cheese than onion broth!!!! I swear I could feel my thighs expand with each spoon of cheesy soup!!! For lunch entree I had the Warm chicken & Bree sandwich which was OK!! nothing out of the ordinary. My husband ordered the cream of mushroom (i think thats the name) which was delicious. And for lunch he had the Quiche Lorraine which was really really really buttery. My husband is not a difficult man to please when it comes to food. He never leaves a plate with food on it.  Today was the first time seeing him barely touch his plate! I am not sure if it was the eggs or the butter or the crust being even triple buttered as well, it just was not good! You can say that I am a harsh critic, but my God my husband didn't finish it!!! I could not even swallow the bite I tried!!!! I had high hopes after reading all the yelp reviews! I wish it was better, maybe the steak would have been a safer order which was his original thought but poor thing he figured he would try something different!!! LOVE THE BREAD STICK though and the atmosphere.
5	My Friend Gabi certainly doesn't NEED another 5 star review, but she's gonna get one... NOW!We ate here twice during our stay at the Paris and both times were fantastic! Once for dinner and once for brunch.The roquefort steak and frites were amazing! The steak wasn't what I expected. It was really flat and about a foot long and 8 inches wide! But It was cooked and seasoned to perfection and I ate every last bite. I even ate every single meat-juice-soaked frite! Yah, I was stuffed to the point of being sick, but I ran 4 miles earlier in the day, so get off my case about it!!The eggs benedict dish was out of this world. Super rich and creamy, with the perfect amount of tang. I poured the entirety of one of those little tiny Tabasco bottles over the meal and it became the world's perfect hangover cure!The service was slow at times, but not enough to diminish our experience by even a half-star. Merci Beaucoups Gabi!!
5	This had to be one of the highlights of our trip. We decided to spend our first morning in Vegas enjoying an amazing breakfast, and we found it. My girlfriend ordered 3 sunnyside eggs and bacon and a fruit salad, I ordered the Eggs Benedict special. It was so good it was actually ridiculous. They had it for us in just minutes and only $10 a plate! The best part was sitting out on the patio infront of the Eiffel tower on a nice sunny morning. If you're going to Vegas, come here for breakfast! Just do it!
5	This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas. Everything is good, but I especially love the French onion soup, mushroom and Brie omelette, and the bacon and chocolate waffles. The service is wonderful and the price is decent. Mon Ami Gabi, Je t'aime *muah muah*
4	Nice to eat out in the warm weather. Been to Vegas many many times and I've never stopped here but its always crowded. One of our friends ate here on their recent trips and said they enjoyed it a lot. Glad I came here on a recent trip I took! The wait was not long at all, they said 15-20 min est, but it was more like 10min and that went the same for the people ahead of us. The service was awesome, or server was a guy and he offered us clubbing info too, who to talk to if we needed a hook to get in the clubs etc. AWESOME!! We ordered the scallop appetizer, steak fritte, and bake cheese. Scallop appetizer come in quantity of three, and is covered with cheese and grilled onion. This dish was good, but i was just sick of cheese and grilled onion by the time I got to it. I was expecting more scallops but its ok, it's Vegas, you get what you paid for. The bake cheese was extremely to die for. It was covered in this red tomato soup sauce. I would just come back for this dish alone. Steak Fritte. Steak was extremely tender and yummy! It also comes with a generous size portion of grilled onions. Will come back again the next time I'm in vegas!
3	Cute little French Bistro! It's the perfect place to sit outside in warm weather as well.It was pretty busy when I went, so I'm not sure if that kind of attributed to the less than impeccable service (Hey, i get it. People get tired and overwhelmed so they only lost one star for this.) The other star is for the location. It's conveniently located on the strip and right across from the Bellagio and the water fountain, but at the time there was construction going on and the people that were walking by were the obnoxious drunks/people recovering from the night before.But we didn't let that ruin our lunch, we took in the Bellagio Fountain shows that would come on ever 15-30 minutes and ate our Grilled Salmon and Spinach Salad, and Mon Ami Caesar Salads and basked in the warm Las Vegas weather.Ultimately, it was pretty good.Seeing as how we only ordered salads, I can't exactly give them major kudos on their food but the combination of ingredients in the salad were pretty good, and the spinach/lettuce leaves were very fresh.
3	What I Ordered: It was lunch, but I was feeling like eating brunch food so I ordered the Seafood Crepes. It consisted of a crepe with large, grilled shrimp and scallops with a cream sauce. The crepe contained peas and a cream filling. The dish was topped off with fresh raw spinach. What I Thought: The crepe was light and tasted great with the peas and cream sauce. The shrimp was seasoned well and tasted good, but a little overcooked. The scallops were my favorite part. It was cooked perfectly, seasoned well, and had a nice crust on it. Overall: I thought the dish was good, but seemed to lack that oomph. Really this dish should be 3.5 stars if Yelp would let me. The restaurant itself is situated in a cool spot overlooking the strip across from the Bellagio Fountains.
4	Note: Get a Mojito Maison that will butter you up in true French fashion with St. Germain, 10 Cane rum, and champagne because......it's either a hit or miss here.  I've been to Mon Ami a few times, and have had a range of experiences, anything ranging from 1 star to 5 stars, it's probably an average of 3.5 stars.Pros: rich duck liver moose, flavorful apple tart tatin, crispy hand-cut frites, terrace strip-view dining in the spring time facing the Bellagio fountains, pavilion seating facing the Bellagio fountains, potential attentive waiter, potential sweet hostess.Cons: mediocre steak au poivre, tourist crowds, pesky pagers, small bar with none-existent standing room, poor wine choices, potential rude hostess.
2	I hate writing reviews about Strip restaurants because I'm just 1 out of a 1000 reviews. But I felt strongly enough about my last visit to waste some time venting here. 7:30am on a brisk Saturday morning, I found myself crossing town on the way home from a night of a carousing. As I've been known to do on such nights, I decided it would be a fine time to indulge in a nice breakfast. Being that the weather was particularly tolerable for February, I decided to bask in it & dine on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi. I've enjoyed my similar visits in the past. Sure, the food isn't as good as Bouchon, but while it's not cheap, it's not quite as expensive, and the smoking-friendly patio has been enough to make up for any culinary shortcomings. So what happens when you disturb that equation? As it turns out, those pluses aren't strong enough to carry the place.There were two things in particular that chapped my ass. Firstly, there was the construction team out working or surveying or whatever on the patio. I got there pretty close to opening, and hey, the works gotta get done sometime. But the incessant pacing back & forth, discussion, and ladder-arranging turned out to be disturbing enough to aggravate my otherwise saintly patience. Being that I'm such a nice guy, by the time I'd had enough the place started filling up, so the construction team was forced out by necessity, so I never had to speak up. I was distracted enough by everything that I didn't notice how filthy my water glass was. I'm not the kind of guy to bitch about things like that, but it was bad enough that I didn't feel out of place for asking for another glass. I explained what happened to the waiter, and he quickly replaced my glass. I continued on with my meal, and as I was done I picked up my water to find that the new one was just as bad as the first. Now, you would think that when someone - right or wrong - brings up a complaint like that the staff would spend the extra 30 seconds it would take to find the shiniest glass in the rack. Not at Mon Ami Gabi! By this point I was done eating, so I decided to just mention it to the waitress when she asked how everything was. Well, that opportunity never presented itself (which is a problem unto itself in my opinion). Am I nitpicking? Maybe. But Mon Ami Gabi is by no means cheap, and their food is not so spectacular that it makes up for everything else. And sure, breakfast is considered a "lesser" meal at places like this, but that doesn't mean they get a pass on anything that happens before noon. A year ago this would've given them a 4 star review. Maybe I'll try again and see if I caught them on an off day.
3	Great breakfast menu and view of the strip.  We did not get to sit outside but close enough.  I wasn't feeling well so I only ordered coffee and the crossiant sandwich.  The coffee was not very good considering it was French.  Very watered down.
4	Our party of 4 enjoyed a very nice table with Sean as our waiter. The warm olives and potato chips were excellent appetizers. I enjoyed my recommended filet mignon au poivre. Two others enjoyed the bolognaise. Overall a good choice for dinner.
4	The food is solid french bistro faire, but the view of the Bellagio fountains, the restaurant decor, exceptional service, and decent prices are what really make this place.  Loved the baked cheese app, the bread pudding dessert and our attentive and friendly server.
5	Very chic. Although, the menu items doesnt SCREAM French cuisine. Most foods looks like you can get at any American place.The food is awesome though. One of the few places I actually come out satisfied. I ordered the Smoked salmon platter. I enjoyed it. I enjoy simple foods. My plate had shreds of salmon, a pile of capers (I LOVE CAPERS) and a gallop of cream cheese. You also had a choice of an everything or plain bagel. I put everything together and it was simply delish.Service is super proper, like they were brainwashed. Not at all casual. Not that it hurts the business but it looks like they need to relax. Pricing is alright. My uncle and I sat outside during high noon and the sun was just right on top of us. I didnt mind, I had sunglasses but I DO absolutely love the view of the Bellagio and caught one of their water fountain shows.
5	Yum! I went for brunch and had the butternut squash and leek quiche and shared a fruit platter with my friends. Both were awesome!
3	We were in Vegas this past Presidents Day weekend and ate here for breakfast.  It was good, not great.  Our chocolate croissant tasted like it was been reheated from a very average bakery, there was nothing flaky or buttery about it like a delicious French pastry should be.  My husband had the crouque madame which was really good and I had the lemon skinny pancake.  At first it was good, but then started to become a little dense and doughy.  Also, the service was just ok.  I told my server I did not want the whip cream with my pancake, not b/c of calories, just because I don't like whip cream that much, fresh or otherwise.  He insisted that I have it because I "haven't tried theirs".  Um, ok I have eaten at some of the best restaurants in the country and I'm pretty sure I have tasted great whip cream.  It came, I tasted some with my fork (average) and then when he came by at the end of our meal, he insisted that I I had not tasted any and preceded to inspect my cream!  It was just really annoying.  Anyway, breakfast here is pretty good, but not going out of your way for.
2	I have come to the conclusion that not one single restaurant in Paris Hotel Casino Resort is edible.  Not the cafe(s), nor the buffet, and now add Mon Ami Gabi to the list.  I've been staying at this hotel/casino for 5 days (Thanks for the Comp Red Room, Paris!).  Our last night here so I thought I'd give this place a try.  I was hugely disappointed at my meal.  We were seated in the 'Atrium Room' with direct view of Bellagio Fountain.  Yes, it was nice but I came here for the food.  There is a door opened out to the outdoor seating area and the constant chill wind which cools the food very fast was not 'cool'.  The Jumbo Lump Crab Cake (celery root remoulade, gribiche sauce) was really average.  I'm glad it was grilled and not deep fried. The Butter Lettuce & Honey Apple Crisp Salad (roasted beets, aged goat cheese, apple cider vinaigrette)  was also forgettable.  I could barely taste the dressing.  The Roast Chicken & Frites ( all-natural roasted half chicken, mushrooms, bacon, pearl onions) - oh pleeeaaasssee!  Costco's Rotisserie chicken had more flavor than this.  It was dry and tasteless!The Filet Mignon (merlot butter, red wine reduction) which is their signature dish and you would think it should stand out!  First of all, I ordered it medium and it came as medium rare.  The sauce was supposed to be merlot butter but it was so bland that I had to add quite a bit of salt and pepper to flavor it.  But after about 3 bites, I had to trade it with my fiance for his Roast Chicken which was even worse!  And those FRITES, what the hell were those?  String potato chips?  You could have served it with FRENCH fries and that would have been better.  Service was friendly but I wouldn't say it was attentive.  The waiter was more interested in talking to his fellow servers than to his guests.  It's food like this that reminds me of why I don't care for French restaurants!
2	I don't know what the appeal of this place is..it has almost 900 reviews    ( at the time of me writing this review)...and a four star rating...and it was such a disappointment. I think people that eat here mainly go to eat out on the terrace and people-watch. Sole redeeming factor- great fries.
3	Ok, a 4 star review for the view, location, and ambience of the dining room.  However, 3 stars only for food, service and attitude of staff.  The breakfast was not as great as reviewed from other yelpers, especially eggs benedict.  I specifically requested egg whites cooked, yolks mostly cooked, but out came runny eggs, yuck!!  the Hollondaise was just OK, but little amount on eggs, potatoes overcooked.  Server friendly, yet slow in the response to the egg delimna.  Wish it was better, since location is so great.  May try again next trip.
5	Love, love, love Mon Ami Gabi. Killer style and decor, excellent location and views. And most of all, the food. Always very good and never fails to surprise in a good way. This time we had the fish of the day, Atlantic char. Light, flavorful, balanced nicely with spinach and potatoes.  Scallop appetizer was delicious, could have had more scallops. Steak bordelaise got rave reviews. A little too much salt on the chicken paillard.  Washed it down with champagne chilled exactly right. Gabi just puts me and friends in a happy, contented state for hours. What more can you ask?
5	Every time I'm in Vegas I end up spending the afternoon on the patio here resolving my hangover... You can't beat the view - the Bellagio fountains are immediately across the street.   Everything I've ever eaten here has been fabulous, from the atypical fish and chips to the mussels to the croque monsieur to the french onion soup. Full bar, wine, beer, etc. Great Frangria (their version of Sangria) - buy a carafe to get a better deal... Excellent people watching on the strip. The Atrium room is also a very nice place to sit, but I'd avoid the rest of the place as it is very dark. They've just added a bunch of gas heaters on the patio, so there are no excuses not to enjoy the patio, even on the cooler nights.
1	I forgot about this pathetic place. Maybe it's just me, maybe it was just a bad Friday night...maybe it was just a terrible suggestion. but in the end, the lesson to be learned is that no one can upsell a cheapa$$ cut of cow (ie skirt steak) to a carnivore and throw in potato leftovers ( I mean LOUSY french fries)  on the dish to make it appealing. This establishment is why I hate trying new places out.. all the hype.. ohh the food is good, it rocks, we should try it.. yah yay yah.mmbop .. whatevers! NO, don't get the SKIRT STEAK, no matter WTF they called it, it's friggin carne asada! but REAL carne asada TASTES good! / end PSA. That is all...next time it's Del Friscos d-bags... no and's if's or but's!
5	Beverage - cappuccino - excellentFood - quiche and ham & cheese crepe - excellent Service - okAmbiance - great inside and out. Not particularly romantic for brunch, but very French feeling. They have a bloody Mary bar where you can pick your own condiments, which is pretty unique.
5	I made reservations here and we were seated immediately upon arrival. They greeted us and sat us on the outdoor seating where you can see the Bellagio's fountain water show.The service was excellent and the server knew his menu very well, including the specials. I ordered the sweet potato soup and the croquet madam. French food, and the aura, very french! haha.Nonetheless, I recommend everyone coming here for Brunch. Their salads too, are to die for!!
5	This restaurant is, THE PLACE, to bring people if your in need of a great strip restaurant with a view!  Perfect to take friends or family when they come to visit you in Vegas.The food is great & the atmosphere is incredible...  The prices are extremely  moderate for the value & all of the food is very well prepared, escargot were delicious as was my favorite steak & fries with blue cheese sauce, fantastic!  I recently took family from Maryland there for lunch & was extremely well taken care of by the staff & especially the manager Ryan. He gave us premier seating on the patio area outside & the view of the fountains across the street was perfect. Thanks Ryan!!!My family is still talking about how good the food was & such a great time they had... Kudos to the Mgmt & The Staff!Will be sure to visit again very soon...
4	After checking in at Paris we wandered down to Mon Ami Gabi which came recommended by a co-worker. It was only in the 40s so we wisely chose inside seating with a view of the Bellagio fountains. After looking at the first wine list that I'd seen with Cali Wines more expensive than French ones, we settled in with a nice red Bordeaux.Our appetizers included escargot which was a bit heavy on the parsley and WA State Oysters which had a much different, not bad, flavor profile then the Atlantic oysters I enjoy back home. Our steaks were very tender and cooked perfectly medium rare. We were running late for a show so our server offered coffee in a to go cup.The service was attentive, but not overbearing, the food good and the prices not bad for an on-strip restaurant.
4	Went out to dinner last night around 7 pm and it was a bit crowded but they had room for 2. Bigger parties, make a reservation  or wait 45 minutes. I had the Steak Frites Classique and the meat was really good. The "frites" which in French means fries were actually more like fries/chips...I was looking forward to the fries I grew up eating in France (they do taste differently than McDonald's!) unfortunately they have their special fries I guess. They were good but I was expecting something else.My friend had the chicken and fries, and the chicken was good but not exceptional. I would definitely recommend getting the steak, it's their specialty I think. A bit on the pricey side, with 3 small cheeses on a plate for $15.00! And the cocktail/ drink are on average $15.00 too so if you can wait..dine here but drink somewhere else. Service was great, they check on you but not too much that you want to tell your waiter ' here's $5.00 if you leave me alone for the rest of my dinner!'. But overall despite the prices the food overall was definitely a 4, the service was a 5 and the atmosphere was also a 5. No music too loud etc..good setting and if you eat on the terrace you have a view on the Bellagio Fountain.
3	The food was delicious, prepared to perfection.  But the service, there were stretches of time when I was quite certain that our waiter had completely forgotten about us. The couple seated next to us came in well after us, but they were served their entre' before we even received our appetizers.  Kudos to the chefs but management either needs to hire more wait staff or cut back on the seating.
4	A great place to have some good food and people watch on the strip.
2	I reserved a long time in advance for a friend's birthday.  We requested a table in a quiet section and this wish was granted.  The service was ok.  The decor is nice.  It is a bit loud and crowded.  The food was ordinary.  I was expecting better.
5	I wish I could give it more stars! This is easily my most favorite restaurant in the world. I go to Las Vegas at least once a year and have eaten at Mon Ami Gabi many times for breakfast, lunch and dinner and have always, always, always had superior food. If possible, I like to sit outside, where the Bellagio fountains and the people watching put on a show that's tough to beat. Nevertheless, it's the food that keeps me coming back. Makes me want to hop on a plane right now!!
4	Great Sunday morning breakfast. We normally like going to the Paris buffet but with the cost for sunday brunch around $30 now we thought our money was better spent on smaller cheaper dishes. We got there around 9:30ish and got seated outside right away. Not 10 minutes later there was a line waiting for tables outside.We shared the cornbeef hash with poached eggs, which was very good, but having it served in a bowl-ish pooled up the oil in the dish. The wife got the bacon/chocolate waffles which is by far more tasty than a crepe. Served with syrup, fresh whip cream, and chocolate sauce.All very tasty and all for around 1 entrance into the buffet.
3	Came here on a weekday night for dinner and it wasn't busy at all. It was pretty chilly so we chose to sit inside, window-side so we could still get a good view of the Bellagio fountain. Sadly the only view we had was of the street performer outside. You know, those creepy statue men that come to life??All the candles around the restaurant gives it a very romantic vibe. I felt out of place because everyone around us were, well, senior citizen status hahaha. We ordered soups to start. I got the ONION SOUP, which is like WOW MORE PLEASE!! Best french onion soup I've ever had in my life!! The portion was pretty generous, and it was half cheese (YAY CHEESE! =] ). Perfect flavor, perfect proportions of broth, onion, bread, and cheese. I could've had 10 of these! Bf ordered the SOUP DU JOUR, which was some sort of creamy bisque type thing, maybe potato? His soup was good too, and he actually liked it more than mine. If this was a soup review, I'd give it 5 stars hands down!!For entrees, we both got steak-frites. They were not satisfying at all. The steak was very thin and flat; we're not really fans of flat iron steaks. And they were cooked a little more than the medium-rare we ordered. I got the STEAK ROQUEFORT, which comes with a blue cheese sauce and fries. He got the STEAK BORDELAISE with its carmelized onions and red wine sauce. I preferred the onions and his sauce more than the blue cheese. The frites super thin, like onion straws. There was no potato substance at all, it tasted like pieces of fried..nothing? Sad.Later that night, we had a 5 dollar steak which we enjoyed more than the 25 dollar steaks at Mon Ami Gabi.
4	In peu de Paris en Vegas...Viva FranceThe view from this outside patio area is one of the most fabulous in VEGAS IF you are into the STRIP!And I am.We were there during the day.I am sure the nighttime view is beyond amazing considering you are directly across from the fountains from the Bellagio...Not possible to make reservations for the patioFirst come first seated.go at an off time, sign up and YES you can wait just outside the front doors and the "buzzer" still works, even though they say it doesn't...I loved the mussels with the fries, and the huge French Onion Soup with melted cheese.My GF had the Salmon Salad, perfect.Not cheap, but well worth the quality food, good service and magnificent view
4	TIP: Sit outside! You get to sit next to the strip and see the Belagio hotel right across the street. I can imagine how beautiful it must be for dinner service.Hubby and I had been pondering about a breakfast buffet in Vegas but opted out since we didn't want to spend $25-$35 at Paris buffet this time around. Well I got the sweet dish: fresh-made crispy waffles served with bacon in the mix with chocolate sauce on the side. Is your mouth watering yet? The waffle was satisfying but it wasn't the best waffle I've had. (Bouchon chicken and waffles are still my favorite.) The hubby opted for the savory dish which consisted of his favorite item: corned beef hash. Luckily for me, I taught my hubby to eat poached eggs and that was also included on top of the hash. Delicious...just add some hot sauce and your set.Coffee is refillable and served unlimited. Service was great. Thanks Mon Ami Gabi for an overall great experience.
4	Not too pricey (for vegas) and great food. Very touristy, but hey what places aren't in Vegas? I had the delicious trout and caesar salad. good wine selection too.
4	My wife wanted Paris, I wanted brunch, so we settled for Mon Ami Gabi, in the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas.  With a little bit of patients (about 20 minutes for a patio table), we where able to have a lovely brunch overlooking the fountain show at the Bellagio.  I truly feel that the setting made the food a bit better then it really was. it is more like a 3.5 star review but WTF
4	Good food, great service, fun atmosphere. The mussels melt in your mouth. Order extra bread to soak up the delicious wine sauce!  On the specials menu, the Alaskan char was described as somewhere between salmon and trout. Luckily I love both.  It had the flavor of a mild lean salmon filet but the texture of buttery trout.  Served over a potato leek puree, it was delightful.  The portion was enough for two people, but I managed to finish it all.  The garlic spinach was nothing to write home (or here) about.  Sadly, no room for dessert.  The waiter had perfect timing, and was unhurried, friendly, gracious, and helpful.Sitting on the patio, the fountains across the street provided spectacular visuals.  In between the choreographed water art, people-watching took center stage.My only criticism was the hostesses were a little snotty and the bar service was a bit disorganized.  Arrived about 15 minutes late and they acted very irritated and wouldn't promise seating.  Waited another 15 minutes to get the bartender's attention.  Finally, the restrooms on the casino floor (there were none in the restaurant) were trashed with broken fixtures, paper and garbage everywhere, and a long line.  Regardless, I would go back in a heartbeat.Bon appetit!
3	I ate the quiche, potato soup, steak, and burger, and their famous frittes however you spell it.  Everything was alright.  The frittes fries were ok.  They were pretty greasy/oily and crunchy.  It felt like we got the bottom on the fried stacked.  We had an order of it in our meal along with a side, this is why I tasted a difference; not cool.  Our waiter sucked.  He brought us an extra side of ketchup per my friend's request.  I didn't know she already asked him that so I told the waiter to bring 3 more or to bring a bottle.  He said they don't have bottles and laughed.  I wasn't kidding because I love ketchup.  He said he'd bring it but never did.  Then I asked this other worker to bring it.  He was the guy who filled our water cups.  He said he'd bring it, but never did.  Finally I saw another waiter and asked him and he brought one..booo.The place is alright...
4	A wonderful little restaurant with an unassuming facade, you could literally just walk by it and not even realize what you're missing.We came to the Paris in hopes of hitting up the famous buffet at Le Village but when we walked all the way there, we saw that the line to get in was even longer than to ride on Space Mountain.Pass.And after a night of binge drinking, my boyfriend and I decided that we didn't really want to do the buffet thing anyway. We were way too hungry and lazy and to be honest, just wanted to sit our asses down and be served. So we walked around looking for other places to dine that weren't so packed when we discovered this cute little restaurant hiding in the corner. We got an amazing table outside on the patio on the most gorgeous Vegas day. It was already a fantastic start to a delicious meal. The service was great too. Our waitress was very cute and so friendly, she made us feel right at home. We started with their Fruit Bouquet, which I had seen on several other tables. It was a beautifully carved cantaloupe filled with melon, grapes and pineapple that came with sides of creme fraiche, mint syrup and brown sugar. YUM. A perfect way to start breakfast. The fruit was so fresh and the little accompaniments paired perfectly. I personally loved the pineapple with the mint syrup and the cantaloupe with the creme fraiche. For our entrees my bf chose the Egg, Bacon & Cheese crepe with some added avocado on top. I chose the special Benedict of the day which came with spinach, tomato and bacon on a toasted sourdough muffin with a chive hollandaise. We also had to get a side order of the frites, they just looked so good!Everything was absolutely delicious. The crepe was perfectly cooked, really melted in your mouth. The cheese was chewy while the crepe was delicate, and the egg and bacon rounded all the flavors out very nicely. The avocado that my bf added also was a nice touch!My benedict was very good, the eggs were cooked perfectly which is a huge plus. Almost every benedict I get at a restaurant has over-cooked poached eggs, but these were nice and runny. Mmm! They weren't kidding about the 'toasted' muffin though. Mine was definitely a little more well-done than I would have liked but it was still yummy. I loved the muffin because it had a really distinct sourdough taste that went well with the rest of the Benedict flavors. The frites were also tasty. We could barely finish just one order because it was so big. Don't be fooled, it looks all cute and small in that little paper cone but it seems practically bottomless. Keep in mind though these are not typical fries, they are very thinly cut and fried until crispy then topped with a good amount of salt. If you like really crispy potatoes then you will love these. Otherwise, if you want regular french fries don't bother. Definitely a great experience for both of us and we were both so lucky to come on such a beautiful day. Will definitely try to come back next time I'm in town!
5	As a person suffering from Celiac Disease, I was sad knowing that I would have to pass on "french" bread at a premiere french restaurant.  I was delighted to find out Gabi's had a special gluten free menu of dishes including fresh made gluten-free bread just for me!  The food was amazing, the server friendly and the atmosphere relaxed.  I would HIGHLY suggest getting reservations ahead of time for outside seating in the evening, so that you can watch the spectacular Orchestrated Fountain show across the street at the Bellagio throughout your meal. We will definitely return to this place everytime we go to Vegas!
4	Good food, service, and ambiance.  The price is right too.  Great place.
5	holy crap this place is amazing!! ive always seen it and it never occurred to me that i should try it.  my bf took me here for my bday dinner.  the yelp reviews (pictures) looked pretty good, so why not?  first off, im not a steak person...at all.  but i went out on a limb and ordered the filet mignon with the bordelaise  sauce.  it was the best freaking slab of meat ive ever had! i told everyone i knew that if steak was like this all the time, i would order it every where i went!!  bf got the hanger steak and a beer.  i got a French martini too.  our server was so nice and so were the hostess's.  we ended up getting there 45 mins early, but they seated us right away.  we could even see the bellagio show from our seats.  oh and you MUST make space for dessert.  if you love bread pudding, you HAVE TO HAVE TO order it.i cant wait to go back and check out their brunch!!
5	I'm a fan. We always go here when we're in Vegas. The food is consistently good, you can sit outside, and the prices are reasonable.
5	Just getting around to writing a review for this great spot.   The view is spectacular from the patio (we always get patio seating here) and a great place to just sit and people watch.  My husband and I dined here for about 3 hours just "noshing" on several different appetizers plus drinks.  This is a great way to spend the afternoon and everything we ordered was perfectly prepared and delicious.  We both had the soup du jour which was LOBSTER BISQUE. It was truly wonderful but we ordered a shot of sherry for the soup, which to our disappointment should have been in the soup to begin with.  Not a big deal since everything else was over the top.We went back for dinner and sat on the patio again.  And again, the food was memorable as was the ambience.More recently 2 of my friends and I had lunch here and we all loved it so much we've decided to make this our favorite lunch spot.One ordered the LEMON THYME SALMON.  She said it was the best salmon she'd ever had and I had to agree.  It was just a bit rare in the center which is what it's supposed to be and the lemon thyme flavor shone through.  The other One ordered a steak, done medium rare and she said it was perfect.  I didn't taste the steak but she loved it.I ordered one of my favorite dishes TROUT GRENOBLAISE.  Wow.  It was absolutely fabulous.  The sides we ordered were shared and there wasn't a thing we could find to complain about here.Service was a little on the slow side but it was crowded and we were in no hurry.    If you want patio seating next to the railing you need to get there just before they open so you can be seated among the first.  It's worth it just to sit and watch the fountains and the throngs of people walking by.   Take your time here.
4	This place is pretty awesome.  The view outside of the Bellagio fountains is really really good.  Appetizers and main dishes are great.  I am not a huge fish person, but the fish, especially the special was really tasty.  Service is very good too, our server was super enthusiastic, I wish I could remember her name.  I was horrendously jetlagged but still had a great time.  The place has good food quality, location, and service for the price.  It's not an extremely refined restaurant, but is definitely a great value and worth eating at for dinner.
5	This place is great for people who need to eat Gluten Free, but still want a nice dinner on the strip. Great selection on their gluten free menu, but not much for vegan. The servers were very understanding and accommodating. And you can't beat that view! Eat on the porch and watch the Bellagio water show every 15 minutes!
4	Went for a coffee and breakfast one early morning. Cool air outside, little noise on the street (YET) and had a wonderful one hour experience. I do not know if I could sit on the patio during lunch or dinner....just too damn much noise from the street.
4	This is one of my strip favorites.  I've had the pleasure of lunch and dinner and each experience has been delightful.  I enjoy the Hanger steak in the late afternoon...I recommend to go during the 4 o'clock hour or so in the spring season best to wait for patio seating since it is directly across The Bellagio fountain show.  Moreover, the hanger steak is excellent with a side of frites and also paired with nice bodied red wine preferrably a pinot noir.  Don't forget the chicken liver pate prior to the main course!  Also don't hesitate to sit and dine for at least a couple hours, enjoy the scenery and sip on wine. Enjoy!
4	Fantastic view at night for the fountains @ the bellagio. Affordable food and decent wine selection and thanks to our waitress i asked for a red bordeaux and she recommended me a good one.
5	what an amazing breakfast!came here with my boyfriend and my parents: i got the french onion soup (i was hung over -_-;; couldn't really eat lol), my boyfriend got the french toast (substituted the blueberries for strawberries and got regular syrup) i'm not a french toast fan...but man i had a bite and it was so good! probably the best french toast i tried! my mom got the skinny apple pancake...it was good, HUGE, thin, crispy...delicious! my dad god the spinach and green veggie omelette...it was really good! the hashbrowns were AMAZING!the service was great...our server was so attentive and she made sure that we had our drinks refilled w/out asking (ALWAYS A PLUS!) i can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner!one thing though...one of the hostesses...she looked like she got punched by a bus...very upsetting to see her face. she looked so upset and angry it really made my hangover worse. ugh she didn't say hi, smile, she just looked like shit...UGH i hate it when they put people like that in front of the restaurant...it makes people not want to eat there!
4	Went here for dinner on a Friday night with a group of 12 guys and we all thought it was great.  They accommodated our group without any problem.  Very convenient location at the Paris hotel, right on the Strip.  It's a French steakhouse - which is different than an American or Italian steakhouse.  Basically every steak just comes with frites, and there are limited other options.  I had the filet which was really good.  Only complaint I heard all night was that the lobster tail add-on was pretty small and thus not worth it.  They give everyone fresh French bread when you sit down, which was amazing.  Tons of good French wines available, plus a full bar.  Service was excellent and prices are very good, especially for on the Strip in Vegas.  I'll definitely be coming back in the future!
4	Ate here in March and love it. This was not our first time and won't be our last.  This is a "must eat" on almost every Vegas trip we make.The ambience is great - inside, wonderful dark wood, comfortable. There is also outside patio seating, so you have a view of the Bellagio fountains and the Strip.Food - just simply amazing. The trout - awesome!  I had the seared scallops over a bed of pureed califlower and spinch and it was so good.  My DH who does not like scallops, loved them. He had the steak (flat iron I think) and liked it, but regreted not ordering the trout.  They have a duck confit dish that is wonderful as well.There wine is reasonably priced and so good.  The bread - amazing. Service great.  I reallyl can't say anything bad - the prices are reasonable too.
4	The place is aight. The location is pretty good, Paris casino right in front of the Bellagio fountains. We were first at the city center restaurants and everything seemed pretty pricey so of course I yelped restaurants in the area and came across this one. The prices were like a normal restaurant. About $15 a plate. There was a wait for the outdoor area so we just decided to sit inside. The food was good, in my opinion but the others I was with thought it could be better. The other reviews complimented the waiters but ours wasn't that great. We had to ask a busboy for help. It's all good cuz we took it out of his tip :)
3	Masayuki threw up after eating at this place. The waitress recommended an "light" dish that was really cheesy (the warm chicken and brie sandwich). It was too much and too rich for him and he threw up! But he really liked the onion soup! I had the seafood crepe. I can tell the shrimp was really fresh because I had allergic reaction after eating it (allergy to fresh shrimp).It was good though; especially the sauce and there were peas inside the crepe. I thought the shrimp and scallop would be inside the crepe but it was actually outside.
4	The food is simply excellent and true to French bistro fashion. The prices are very reasonable, particularly for Vegas standards and the patio is a great place to sit and enjoy a meal. On the minus side, the wait staff is frazzled, so you won't get the attention you should, and the dining room is cramped and very noisy (again, bistro/brasserie style). Still, one of our musts every time we end up in Vegas.
4	Whoot whoot. While we didn't sit outside on the patio, we sat in there nice atrium in the strong sunshine. It was a nice end of the trip meal...They have a Bloody Mary Bar. We sat near it. You order whatever vodka you want and they bring you a huge glass of it. You then take this glass and bring it over to the Bloody Mary Bar. You can choose tomato juice or clamato juice... you can then add an assortment of olives, there are pickled beans, fresh horseradish... oh and they have pepperoni sticks. I saw people walking away with their glasses filled to the brim and with side plates filled with extras. After placing our order with our wonderful waiter, he brought us soft baguettes with butter. Our waiter was so friendly and so engaging. He was fairly attentive for a busy Sunday. He made suggestions and knew a lot about the menu. He also brought me refills of coke without me even having to ask. We got there during brunch, but I had lunch. Hmm, while my friends ate burgers, eggs benny and corned beef hash, I had the country pate and the warm frisee salad with bacon. Sigh. I could have sat here all day. The pate was really good. It was firm and the top was covered in bacon. It came with some toast, cornichons and a big dollop of grainy mustard. I didn't really need the mustard and shamefully ate most of the pate with my fork. Yum yum. My frisee salad was nicely tossed with the right amount of vinaigrette. I love the soft, runny poached egg. I love breaking that yolk and seeing the golden thickness coat the curly lettuce. Oh, and there is bacon. Yes, and lots of it.
5	I've been here twice, and both times blew my mind.  Ok...the first time was for my brother's bachelor party.  We can't talk about what went down...I might get some people in trouble...but the steak I had was amazing.  It had some kind of dijon sauce...sooooo good.!!!!  Anyways...they treated our party of 15 like royalty and I was very pleased that I chose them as the place to take my bro for that special night.  I also went there for lunch about a week ago, and had the ahi tuna burger...it was ridiculously good...everything about it...oh yeah...and Holly Madison was sitting right next to us the whole time...kinda cool...but whatever...the service has been very good every time...if you're in Vegas...go here...Oh yeah...and the view of the Bellagio fountains is pretty awesome too...
4	This is a perfect place to eat especially if you like some French cuisine.  I would recommend sitting on the patio to people watch and you get a front row seat to the waterfall show across the street.  Their fries are amazing.  I had escargot and it was cooked to perfection.  The french bread is nice and chewy.  If you love martinis, they have a make your own martini bar inside too.
4	This is a great value restaurant.  Just nice enough for a business dinner.  But still casual enough to take the kids,  Excellent food and service,  Wine list is weak.
3	Quaint and bustling place with a great atmosphere especially with outside seating. That said, RELATIVE to all the great food in Las Vegas, the food was not all that memorable. We tried two types of salads and a steakburger. They serve small portions so go if you want a dainty, casual, and somewhat classy meal.Three star does not mean I disliked this place, it's just a measure of how impressed I was relative to other restaurants in the area.
4	It's delightful. This place is one of my favorite "touristy restaurants" in town. I always recommend it for lunch or brunch to people who are visiitng or looking for a staycation on the strip. The food is delicious and they have amazing views of the fountains and the pedestrians walking by. Great place to people watch with a glass of wine in one hand and a crepe in the other. Some of my favorite menu items are the steak sandwich with pomme frites and the savory crepes. Absolutely delicious. You can't really go wrong here. Definitely worth the effort.
4	The atmosphere is beautiful in here- and this is why you should come.  Whomever designed this restaurant derserves a big kudos.  I love the lighting, the tile, and the glass ceiling by the patio.  I love how you can see the Bellagio fountains from the patio-so perfect, and how they remember to keep you warm here with their patio heaters. :)  It loses a star because the food taste just "average" to me.  I've been here twice.  Once I got an apple salad that left me still hungry (I think it's meant of more of an appetizer than an entree), the other time I got the Classique steak (my husband and I share the appetizers of the mac&cheese, and sweet potato soup), everything was "just okay."  Big portions but ordinary tastes.  The bread was amazing through, and bread is important to me!  The warm bagette with carrot dressing (sounds gross but trust me, it was fantastic).  I might try this place for breakfast sometime after reading the reviews here.
3	I was quite excited when I learned that Mon Ami Gabi served breakfast and brunch. We had eaten here, years ago, for lunch and dinner - and both were good experiences.Even though it was a little chilly, we opted to have our Saturday breakfast outside on the patio (they have heaters). The menu looked great. I appreciated that they offered some non-breakfast items (french onion soup, spinach salad, etc.) in addition to the more typical breakfast items. The breakfast items ranged from omelettes to chocolate and bacon waffles to sweet and savory crepes.We decided to play it somewhat safe and go with an omelette. I liked that their omelettes had what felt like a French-twist (brie, etc.). When our omelette arrived, everything looked delectable. The omelette came with hash browns, green beans (yeah, green beans), and toasted bread. We also ordered a side of bacon. The omelette was very light and fluffy - cooked perfectly. While it had a lot of spinach, I tasted little cheese. And despite being advertised as "spinach and green vegetables", it was just spinach. 2 stars. The green beans (seriously, green beans) were outstanding. I don't know what they were cooked in (there seemed to be a hint of garlic?), but they were awesome. 5 stars. The hash browns were also great. Good balance of crispy and soft - and there were a lot of flavors going on. Definitely no need for hot sauce or ketchup or anything. 4 stars. The bacon looked amazing, but was a bit of a let down. The glaze was incredible, but the bacon itself wasn't crisp enough (despite the menu calling it "crispy bacon") and was too fatty. 2 stars.The drinks were nothing special. The mimosa was just your standard mimosa. The bloody mary bar (they bring you the glass and vodka, you visit the ingredient station and create your own drink) was pretty eh. They had standard bloody mary mixes in ice, ok selection of hot sauces, no worcestershire sauce, not enough tongs for everything, etc. 2 stars.I so want to give this place 4 stars, but based on our particular meal, I just can't. However, the service and ambiance are definitely 4 stars. And I think we may just have ordered the wrong thing. As we were walking out, we were both drooling over some of the plates at the other tables. We will definitely be back here for breakfast / brunch and hope to eat something better.
4	We decided to eat here rather than at an equal to lower rated restaurant where the meal would cost 2-3x more. There are so many restaurants where it's easily $100/person, and who knows if it's really going to be worth it. Coming from SF bay area we get plenty of good eats, and I hate forking out a ton of money for average food and a "me too" environment. This place was oozing cuteness, and personality. Like a vibrant french cafe.  The service was very good, attentive, helpful. The food was great.  We had the english pea soup special which was absolutely great, and I had the scallops, hubby had the skate wing. Both were delish but the scallops were best. You get 5 huge scallops and lots of veggies for like $20. The quality of the food ingredients and freshness of the seafood was apparent, and it was such a good value. We each had 2 glasses of wine and were out of there for like $100 or so.  Would definitely recommend this place for dinner (and I bet brunch would be great too!).
5	Eating dinner at the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant was one of the highlights of my Vegas vacation.  The dinner prices were extremely affordable (especially considering the location and the pricing of other nearby restaurants) and the food was excellent.  Each couple in our group had to pay $100, but this included 2 bottles of wine (approximately $64).  You can't really get much better bang for the buck on the Las Vegas strip.  I will say that the Sea Scallops were perfectly cooked and my mouth is watering just thinking of it.  The escargot was also very tasty (although I am admittedly not an expert on that particular appetizer).  And of course, as you will see from other reviews, the views from the patio (where we ate) are spectacular.  Not only do you get amazing views of the Bellagio fountains, but you also get spectacular views of the heart of the Vegas strip.  This would be an ideal place to bring a date or loved one, as the location is about as romantic as it gets.  It was a tad bit cold at night when we went, but the outside heaters helped a little (although if you sit near the street you will be outside the range of the heaters).  The one slight downside is that it did take a while for our food to come to our table, although to be fair they were jam packed.  Highly recommended and I would definitely go back again on my next trip to Vegas!
5	6 girls and a really nice "sex and the city" feel breakfast.we didnt have to wait long and got seated outside. it was a little windy but they had heating lamps outside. we knew we wanted some mimosas and the waitress was nice enough to let us know that a bottle of champagne would be cheaper than  a glass each. Cool! i ordered the crab cakes egg benedict i think it was called, and it was really good. nice big pieces of crab and you can taste it really well. the egg was done just right and the hash browns!!! sooo goood. my friend had the chocolate bacon pancakes which were such a treat! really unexpected flavors and really yummy, more like dessert but it was delicious. others had the original eggs benedict and etc, but we were all quite happy and satisfied with our meal. I think it was $26 for each person with tip.will definitely come again! and try that onion soup!
5	My friends & I came to Vegas to reunite & celebrate our five years of friendship that began in France.  Well, what better place to celebrate than a French cafe.  We went for lunch and enjoyed our quiche lorraines, French bread, and waters.  The spinach on the side was to die for.  Service was great.  We were a bit dehydrated from our flights & going out the night before and were chugging the water.  Our waiter must have filled each of our glasses 5-6 times.
4	Wonderful location right on the strip across the street from the Bellagio. We stopped here for a late dinner after a long day of shopping. Even though it was busy we were able to get a seat on the patio, right on the strip.The food was really good, we started with the shrimp cocktail - the shrimp were huge and cooked to perfection. I had the Roast Chicken and Frites which was very tender and tasty. I liked the crispy skinny "frites". Could've used a little more veggies to balance out the plate, but other than that it was all good.
4	I had Mon Ami Gabi as my last meal in Vegas. We went b/c some of my suitemates went there from their last visit. It topped the trip off perfectly as we spent the afternoon eating and chatting away at a window side table in this little bistro! I was thankful we got indoor seating since the weather had been really windy outside!For Hors D'Oeurves we had:  Escargots de BourgogneThis was a bit against my will but group majority prevailed. My previous encounter with snails were not pleasant but I decided to give them another shot. Honestly I couldn't really taste much of it as it was masked in the garlic herb sauce. It was just a chewy bit of something that I swallowed down. I liked to dip the baguette into the garlic herb sauce tho that was really yum-O. Entree: Trout GrenobloiseI liked the flakiness of the fish.The pan-sear or however the skin was prepared was great. It was very crispy! It was mildly seasoned and hinted at the fish's natural flavor which was good. Overall i really liked it. It was light and the green beans that came with it were cooked nicely. So there was the frites that came along in a cup and they were super yummy and quite addicting. Thinner than fries and maybe even than potato chips.at Last!1! time for Dessert!: Profiterole Trio A.K.A Cream puffs! They were super good!!! It was napoleon style as we had vanilla, chocolate and strawberry filled centers. I loved the chocolate/ fudge sauce that was drizzled on them. The flavors were very concentrated and they put me to shame to the kind of cream puffs I had made in HS french class. Much better than Beard Papa too that has commercialized and supersized the cream puff. I def loved the atmosphere of this place and though it's on the pricier side, its a treat to come here with friends and check it out for one of the fancier meals one can have in Vegas.
1	We came here for our anniversary dinner on May 1st 2010, I'm writing this review a little late.The only good thing about this place is the view of the Bellagio fountain while you eat... now the bad parts.- So loud I couldn't hear my wife talking across the tiny table on our anniversary!- There were as many kids here as adults, and running around free like it was freaking Chuck E Cheese- The service was terrible, we waited 45 mins for our food, and my steak came out cold and raw like they just took it from the fridge.  Water refill?  what refill?- Extremely over-priced mediocre quality food.If you want a romantic, or quiet, or intimate, or tasty French restaurant go to Pamplemousse, don't waste your time here.
5	this restaurant holds a special place in my heart, whenever we're in Las Vegas, we dine here. we see My Friend, Gabi at least once a year and are never ever disappointed.
4	We always walked by the restaurant, always wondered how its food was like, always admired those who dined there looking so relax and happy, always wanted to give it a try one day. And we did this time! We were there for lunch, requested an outdoor table because the weather was great and the view was good. We were told the wait time was 30 minutes and were given a vibrator to come back later. As we walked away from the restaurant, one of the receptionist called my name and said a table was ready for us now. We were surprised and happy that we did not need to wait. I found this interesting drink on the menu called "Frangria" and ordered a jar. It was like a French-style Sangria and it was good. My sister and mom did not enjoy it much but the drink was great to start my day. We liked the bread they served. It was hot and fresh. We ordered a Prime Rib sandwich, a Chicken and Brie sandwich, and a Seafood Crepe. Prime Rib sandwich was good. Its meat was very tender and juicy. Chicken and Brie was a little sweet, perhaps the sweetness was from the apple slices? I liked my Seafood Crepe. Shrimps and scallops were big, juicy, and cooked to perfection. However, the sauce was a little too plain and they could have put things other than green peas inside the crepe. For each plate, it came with a tiny side salad and I really like the salad dressing. We did not order dessert because our entrees were very fulfilling. I will definitely go back again because this place is perfect for a relaxing morning.
5	Let me start off by saying that is was a beautiful day...70 degrees sitting outside under a table umbrella with the heat lamp warming my shoulders.  Perfect Tuesday afternoon and the wait was only 30 min. to sit outside.  Inside there was immediate seating for those that didn't want to wait.  Our server was very nice and the food came within 20 min.  The view of Bellagio and the passerbys on the sidewalk was great!  We ordered  warm brie cheese with roasted hazelnuts and garlic as an appetizer.  It was served with toast and it was delish!  For lunch I had warm chicken and brie sandwich with sliced green apples.  WOW!  SOOO good!  It came with stringy french fries that was light and crisp.  Overall, very very happy  :)
5	The best overall meal I had on The Strip was at Mon Ami Gabi.We were seated pretty quickly outside on the patio.The service was great- our waitress was such a doll.They had a gluten-free menu and gluten free bread! Steak Frites were fantastic, so was the trout.Desserts were super-yummy!The view was fantastic and the outdoor seating was comfortable and warm (with heaters in late March). We just walked through the inside-dining room, but it was a beautiful room.
5	The best service and the most outstanding filet and salmon!Such a treat to find a unique restaurant that is in the heart of the tourist crowd. We will definitely go back when we're in town!!!
4	Great bread pudding
4	i always come here once a year for the steak bordelaise n pomme frites!! Their fries is the only one i would eat.. they are so crispy n tasty.escargot is good.. for adventurous foodie... n not for the faint hearted... or country bumpkin who's not open minded to try anything at least once.the pate is good.. the roasted butternut squash soup is good...
3	Disappointed!I came here with friends for lunch and was looking forward to sitting in the patio. Too bad the wait was an hour so we decided to sit inside. Of all the available seats, we were seated next to the door that had a draft. Luckily, the server allowed us to move over one table. Warm bread was provided when the server came along. We started off with Escargots de Bourgogne ($10.50). It was described as "oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter." It was decent. NOT enough butter for my taste and a bit too much garlic. However, dipping the hard bread in the sauce was still okay. Unless you're really craving for escargot, I'd pass on this dish.I ordered the Prime Steak Sandwich cooked Medium w/au jus, mustard mayo, caramelized onions ($13.95) and that came with their "signature hand-cut frites."  I think I should have ordered this medium-rare because the steak was not as tender as I would like. Overall, it was a simple sandwich and the sauces complimented well. Their frites were definitely different from what I'm use to. Like most of the reviewers have said, these are borderline potato chips! My friend and I kept calling them a TEASE. It was too thin to fulfill us...I would have given this place TWO STARS but the server was engaging and attentive. Sooo.....unless I was going to be seated in the patio with a few Bloody Marys in hand, I doubt I'd come back here for lunch.
5	Every time I'm in Vegas I have to eat here. The roasted chicken was great   This time escargot, carrots, mashed potatoes were outstanding. The filet was out of this world. I gave it 5 stars because of my meal, yet there were a couple things they need to work on. The mac & cheese lacked taste and was very dry.  The scallops needed some flavor they were flat.  These were dishes my wife had. Overall I will go back again and again!
5	Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorites. This evening I had the vinaigrette salad with sweet bacon and poached eggs....so very good. A delicious tender steak with fresh herb butter and frittes. So enjoyable while watching the fountains of Bellagio. Ignore some of these cruel reviews and trust this review.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a great choice for a nice restaurant in Vegas without going into fine dining and breaking the bank.I came here on my first trip to Vegas with my girlfriends because my friend really likes this place.  We sat on the patio and watched the sun go down.  Keep in mind this place has MONEY locale for its great view of the Bellagio fountain show.  It's a little blocked by palm tress but its as good as its going to get for not standing in front of it. Plus this gives you something to do while you watch it.Everyone ordered steaks while I ordered a Lemon-Thyme Seared Salmon with orzo, peas, leeks, spinach, lemon butter.  The salmon was cooked well but it was...salmon.  Most places don't usually do a lot with salmon but it was plated with a very nice creamy orzo and vegetables. It was a good combination because it brought a little more to the salmon.  Overall though, the orzo and vegetables still stood out over the salmon.All in all, Mon Ami Gabi makes nice food at a reasonable price for Vegas.  We will be back this summer as my friend really wants to go again.
2	I would only come back here for the French onion soup wich was a big portion and not too salty.  I love Mac n Cheese and is always a must order, but not from here it tasted like something from out of a box.  The ambiance was nice and the patio next to the outdoor seating is a nice place to have lunch.  Cant say nothing else for the food it was just eehh.
3	I was so excited to try the place because walking by the restaurant, the smell of the food wafting out of the restaurant smelled divine and I was craving fish. The atmosphere is quite cozy and chic. It is quite busy so service wasn't terrible but not as good as it could've been. I ordered the Escargots de Bourgogne and the Skate Wing. I had not had escargot in a really long time, so I HAD to try it but it was quite a disappointment. The garlic herb sauce for the escargot was extremely buttery to the point where I could feel the butter after wiping my mouth. Definitely not appealing. And the escargot was a bit on the chewy side. When the skate wing arrived the aroma was intoxicating. The texture was very light (similar to a tilapia type fish) and the flavors wasn't too overwhelming. I was not a fan of the capers (a bit on the tart side which was a little off putting with the dish) that came with the fish. The chips (made in-house) were extremely de-lish! Probably would buy a whole bag if I could.For fish, this place is fantastic. Great atmosphere. Would definitely want to go back to try some other dishes as I'm a huge fan of french cuisine.
5	Delicious food! Service was incredible, well orchestrated and very friendly. Our server was incredible and had great recommendations about the food and drink selection. The patio is really nice and a great place to people watch while having an incredible dinning experience.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant in LV.  We have been enjoying it for probably 15 years.  While in LV we eat here almost every night.  The food is fabulous.  I usually have the steak classique.  The French fries are to die for.  Best ever.  This time I took a chance and had the fraisee salad,  yumm!   I have also had lunch and the sandwiches are awesome.  Breakfast wasn't that great.  Make a reservation it gets busy.  Oh and go at off times so you can enjoy the water show at Ballagio.  BTW the reservations are for inside only.  We were disappointed by this.
5	Location, location, location!  That should be enough said, but based off the LOCATION, I gave it 5 stars.  Now, if it was based off of the crappy server we had.........  did I mention location?Food, eh, good enough, considering the...... location!A little overpriced for what you get, but the location is great!
5	My wife and I ate here before a show at the Paris. It was too cold to sit outside, but the bistro feel indoor was fine. House wine was reasonably priced and good (though I am not a connoisseur) and the warm loaf of French bread was delectable. French onion soup was rich with no shortage of onions or cheese.  I had the Beef Bourginon which was excellent. My wife's prime rib was huge, tender, and cooked to perfection. It was accompanied by creamy scalloped potatoes and al dente green beans. We each took 1/2 home for lunch tomorrow. By Vegas standards, the prices were reasonable, as we got out at under $100. We will return next time we're in town.
5	DH and I dined here during our 2009 trip.  After that, it's on my must-dine list.  J'adore c'est restaurant!  I dined here during my recent trip.  This time I sat at the bar.  My server/bartender, #86, was great and very pleasant.  He helped me choose a great red wine to pair with my dinner.  My dinner was pretty simple, I ordered the steak frites.  I love that dish.  I think the herb butter they put on the steak is perfect!    I think the prices are very reasonable.  This was another great experience and I will be back on the next trip.  Next time I would love to sit outside.  5 stars for the service, ambience, food, drinks, and location!
5	I have been traveling to Vegas since the mid 90's at least 2 or 3X a year for business and pleasure, and nothing compares to a meal at Mon Ami Gabi! Hands down this is one of my favorite places to dine when I am in town, and I can honestly say I have never been disappointed. This classic French bistro serves magnificent food in a wonderful atmosphere, and at a fair price. Thier position on the strip also offers a terrific view of the Bellagio.As soon as I boarded my flight from NY this morning my mouth was drooling with anticipation. Thier steak frites are absolutely amazing, and will melt in your mouth with orgasmic bliss. I knew that I would be dining alone tonight, so I did not even make a reservation as the bar area is a great spot to eat here, especially the one out facing the strip with a view of the Bellagio water show. I just winged it and ended up with a prime spot sitting and conversing with other single visitors in town enjoying a meal at the bar.I ordered  a glass of Pinot Noir, and chose the Steak Frites Bordelaise. Tender steak sliced thin, almost like a flank steak, with carmelized onions, and a red wine sauce ladeled over the top. Crispy and thin frites with just the right amount of saltiness accompanied the steak. I bit into the first bite and - OH -MY-GOD - I wanted to melt off my bar stool right then and there. The exquisite taste of the steak along with the carmelized onions just put a smile on my face the whole time I was there. I think everyone around me had the same look of satisfaction from what they were eating too. I went absolutely all piggy and finished every bite of steak and frites on the plate. I even soaked up the extra sauce on the plate with this amazing hot mini baguette of crispy bread they serve with the meal.It was all so good I totally ignored the booming sounds of the water show going on across the street. As I settled up the bill I was glowing in the aftermath of total satisfaction. Just a perfect place to have a great meal in a civilized atmosphere wether it be a date or a group. As I walked down the street back towards my casino hotel I felt as if I was floating two inches above the ground. Drool is already forming at the corner of my mouth writing this review!
3	Great location and prices. We went here for brunch, and was a bit underwhelmed. The food was just ordinary breakfast food for an inflated price. There are other more amazing places for cheaper, but it's good in a pinch.
3	Average food for an average price. No offense but the decorum of the restaurant totally gives off a vibe of a good classy time, but the food just doesn't measure up. Ordered the roasted chicken and fritas, the chicken came out too dry. Its a roasted herb chicken, every italian, american restaurant serves some version of this--so you can only manage my disappointment when they screw this up. It was too bland and to sort of juice/sauce component to go with the chicken. Do not get the trout. If you eat a lot of seafood, you will be able to tell instantly the fish is not up to par. The trout came out thin and too over dressed with the lemon and capers. Capers is incredibly overpowering thereby masking any fresh seafood taste this dish might have had. The Beef Bourguignon is also another version of beef stew, if that tickles your fancy. Bread came in paper bags... enough said. Service: moderate, there were times where it was impossible to flag down a waiter/ess.
2	I have eaten here about a half-dozen times. Once on New Years' eve in order to see the fireworks from the patio.The view from the patio is awesome! Across from the Bellagio and it's dancing fountains. Quintessential Las Vegas views down the boulevard in either direction. The patio of Mon Ami Gabi is truly the epicenter of Las Vegas.The decor is that of a Parisian French bistro one would find on the holodeck of the Starship Enterprise. Almost too perfect. But certainly very nice.The service was also very good. No real complaints.So why two stars? Because the food SUCKS and they know it. And they don't care.But the view from the patio at night is so compelling. It is worth the mediocre food. It really is. But gee, this place could be SO much more. So as a restaurant it gets 2 stars. But for a one-time reasonably priced dinner for a tourist, that patio view is worth the price of admission.
4	Drinks were great.  I especially liked the French Martini.  I would recommend it to those looking for a sweeter drink.I've tried several of the steak frites and have enjoyed all of them.  It's a very large portion so you will not leave hungry.My coworker tried the escargot and scallops and he had good things to say about both.My biggest word of advice is to make reservations.  The wait for dinner during any day of the week tends to be pretty long.  I've had to wait between 30-45 minutes each time I've eaten there.
4	Good for brunch. Average service. No problems.
5	My fav restaurant we tried this past Vegas trip. Made reservations thru opentable unfortunately since patio seating is on a first come first serve basis we did not get to enjoy the Bellagio fountains while dining. As soon as we were seated we were given a loaf of french bread in a bag which we all thought was delicious so good that we asked for another. It was a ladies weekend out so we decided to share a few things so as not to get too full. Our order between the 4 of us: half order of mussels, asparagus soup, 2 Beef Bourguignons. I've been dying to try Beef Bourguignon only because I saw it in the movie Julia & Julia and it looked so good, if you're a fan of a hearty and flavourful beef stew I suggest you try this. It's a good thing I only ordered half of the mussels because I wouldn't have been able to finish a full order. I even shared with the other girls and we still couldn't polish it off, but it was definitely tasty. So tasty that I even took some of the bread and used it to sop up some of the broth, YUM! Both the Beef Bourguignon & asparagus soup were also good (which was the special of the day) I like this place so much that I want to take bf here when we come together. Unfortunately for girls ready to go to a club and dressed in heels the floor was pretty slippery. There were a few times that my heart skipped a beat because I slipped a bit. At first I thought I was the only one that noticed it. But when we were seated and I mentioned it to the girls they also had the same problem. I even had those grips on my shoes and I still slid, so be careful.
4	Sunday Brunch is great here! Not nearly as expensive as dinner. I got the Steak & Eggs, and it was delicious. My boyfriend got a muffin and orange juice. He made me look like a pig! Oh well, I enjoyed! LOL!
5	this was my second time eating here and it's still my favorite restaurant in Vegas.....I'm sure there are places with better food, or a better wine list, but i'm willing to bet they are buried deep inside a hotel or a casino and no matter how much you dress them up, and decorate the room, NONE can match the amazing ambiance of Mon Ami Gabi.  The food, staff, and atmosphere are unmatched anywhere in Vegas and truly reminded me of being in Paris FR. .   If you're lucky enough to get seating on the patio, or just inside near the windows you will be treated with the amazing water fountain show at the Bellagio every fifteen minutes.  It is most definitely the most romantic place to have dinner in Vegas.......you will not be disappointed.
4	Located right on the strip under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, this is a beautiful place to see and be seen in. If you're lucky enough to get a patio table (with a reservation AND come in early), you get a view of the Bellagio fountains, the Eiffel Tower, Caesars in the distance and beautiful lights. We sat inside, but still, the ambiance was there. The service very attentive, quick, and the server had great recommendations and favorites. We had:Steak Bearnaise - tender, Great sauce, excellent pommes fritesBeef Bourguignon - tender beef, wonderful sauce, buttered noodles (YUM)Burger - Good, came with pommes fritesOverall a good place to go for lunch/dinner. I would definitely recommend making a reservation so as to not wait, and again, get there early for a chance to sit outside and admire the passerby's and weather. We definitely wanted to come back here, but with such a short visit it makes for a good first night dinner to set the tone for your trip. They are known for their steak, their tender, flavorful steak. Have someone at your table try one if they like to share, or order one each and compare.
2	The food here is wonderful. My friends and I arranged a set menu for our group of ten and everything was delicious. The people we spoke to before arriving were very nice and seemingly helpful... until we got to the restaurant and were told that it was "policy" that we could not do what we had been told twice before we could. (We were told that a couple of our group could go early to the restaurant and put our parties name down for the patio and then wait for the rest of our group to come at the reserved time). This type of customer service does a disservice to a restaurant that normally would have rated a 5 stars. Either tell your customers that something is not possible up front, or allow for special situations when they arise and be flexible.      It was not the way we wanted to start our dining experience.
4	Great place - the yelp reviews are spot on. Sipped the house Chard, ate their steak sandwich with the "Frites" (awesome) and people watched during lunch from the outside patio.
3	Mon Ami Gabi has one of the best locations on the strip - right in front of the Paris, with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately, they don't take reservations for patio seating and the wait can get pretty long.  We gave up and opted to sit inside as a result.In terms of the food, I'd recommend the escargot, French onion soup, and duck confit.  I'd suggest skipping the pate.  Overall, food was OK, but definitely a bit overboard in sodium content.  Most of the dishes were great for the first few bites, but quickly became too rich / too salty.  Indoor seating is also extremely dark / stuffy (perhaps an interior remodel, additional lights, new furniture, etc. would help).  Overall, it's a nice place to eat if you're here for the view and manage to snag an outdoor table, but I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to come back.
4	This place was better 4 years ago when I was there.  There appetizers better than their main dishes.  Got to have the escargot and the oysters.
5	Man, my list of restaurants I must go to every time I'm in Vegas is getting too close to capacity!  I tried Mon Ami Gabi for the first time last weekend.  The bread.  My God, the bread.  They give you a mini-baguette of hot French bread (free) with butter and a little plate of vinegary shredded vegetables. (We were given one plate of apple slaw, and one plate of carrot.  Both were good.)  The bread is heaven, and they didn't even make a face when we asked for more!We ordered the warm brie appetizer, onion soup, caesar salad, crab cake, and a side of frites.  As a vegetarian, I was a bit worried there wouldn't be enough options for me, but there were plenty.  They have salads, soups, and a variety of vegetarian sides (like mac and cheese, which I will be getting next time), along with a "vegetable platter" entree - doesn't sound very awesome, but who knows.The brie was amazing.  I will be recreating it at home shortly.  Warm brie with honey, cracked black pepper, and roasted garlic cloves.  Perfection.The onion soup was also good, my only complaint is that it was too cheesy.  Sure, I love cheese, but I'd like some soup with my soup too.Caesar salad was nothing special, and at $8, I won't be ordering it again.  I know, I know, Caesar salads generally aren't special.  I mean, what can you do with lettuce, croutons, and dressing?  You can add capers, for one thing, as I do at home.  And, this salad was over-dressed.  Not horrible, but not worth it.My old man said the crab cake was the best he'd ever had, and he has tried crab cakes at many-a-restaurant.The frites = In-N-Out fry shnivelings.  And yes, that is a good thing.   They are AWESOME, a must-order!The service was quick and friendly, the wait was correctly quoted (30 minutes on a Sunday night), and the prices were reasonable.  The whole meal, including tax and tip, was only $60 (plus our two free loaves of bread....).  Nice!
5	I always recommend this restaurant to people that want to experience fine dining in Vegas, but do not want to break the bank. Food is exceptionally good and reasonably priced. If you're planning on ordering seafood for your entree, try the skate. You will not be disappointed.
4	This place may have the most perfect patio location in Vegas!  It's located directly across from the Bellagio fountains.  You'll also have a nice view of the Eiffel Tower outside Paris.  Just make sure you come here before 6:00 or after 9:00 for dinner to avoid the hectic rush because they don't take reservations for the patio.I had the tenderloin steak with blue cheese spread and it was delicious.  They could do a little better by serving the streaks with some sort of fresh vegetable as opposed to frites.  The frites were a bit oily and got old after while.  Otherwise the food was excellent and the location cannot be beat.
4	I came here for lunch on a lovely Friday afternoon. It's directly across from the Bellagio hotel.. if you sit in the patio area you might be lucky enough to catch the beautiful water show! not sure, if you would be able to hear the music though. Location wise, it's one of the best places to eat on the strip! It's smack in the middle of the strip.Avoid sitting in the patio area in the summer time. It'll be too hot to eat in the scorching sun! Be sure to wear sunblock and sunglasses! :-)The food was really tasty... the bread was so buttery! :) I ordered steak and fries! My friend ordered crepe/scallops/shrimp... it was so creamy and so delcious. My other friend ordered the open face BLT with avocado.. it was a little messy to eat... but it was delicious nonetheless.
5	I'm not sure how much this 1003rd review can add.  This place is great.  We had breakfast - crepes.  Thine eyes roll back from the memory of them still fresh in my brain.  Go there, now if you can.
4	Strawberry waffles... Incredible.. Chicken and Brie sandwich incredible... Chicken, broccoli and cheese crepe close to terrible. Service is the best, scenery if you sit outside is prime reeeeeal estate.  I'd say this is a must go for Vegas first second or third timers.
3	What I loved about this place is that, when I had breakfast at street side, we were able to escape the smoke-filled casino and the bustling pace of the city.  We were just able to calm down and enjoy a nice breakfast.I ordered a green omelette with spinach and gruyere cheese.  My friends ordered quiche lorraine and eggs benedict.  The eggs benedict was the best dish of the three.  The other two items were kind of lacking in flavor.  Cost of entrees for breakfast runs between $8 and $15.  Definitely not bad!Quality of the food was merely okay...everything was good, but nothing was impressive.  Regardless, the location was great and our server was pretty sweet.   But because nothing really impressed me, I don't know if I'd come back to put down more money for lunch and dinner entrees.  But it's a cool place to come for breakfast....and to escape the strip without leaving it.
4	Our server Joe handled our large and inexperienced diners with patience and a smile.  The only negative of the night was the surly and lazy hostess.  She was of no help to me when I checked in for my reservation.  My party had already been seated and she told me to go find them on my own.  Talk about horrible service.  However, for as large and as crowded this place is, they do a fantastic job of preparing well made food. I would advise on brushing up on your French wine knowledge if you plan on ordering wine here because the best finds are on the french wine list and that makes up 90% of the list. Go figure.
4	I just had brunch here on Easter Sunday with my sister, brother-in-law, and a few friends.Service was fairly prompt and efficient, but not too friendly for the entire meal. Ironically/coincidentally, he became quite friendly and talkative at the end of the meal after we asked for the check.We were served freshly baked mini baguettes and a creamy butter. We also asked for some jam that seemed to be freshly made strawberry jam. All of the above were quite good.We ordered shrimp cocktail, a tuna salad dish, corned beef hash with poached egg, and brioche french toast with blueberries and macerated blueberry sauce.I was told the tuna salad was not fresh and barely edible. I personally ate the corned beef hash with a poached egg and the aforementioned french toast. I'd give the CB hash a 3.5; it was a bit mushy for me, I prefer to have my CB hash to be crisped in the pan to provide some texture and also to be seasoned a bit more. After adding some salt, pepper, and tabasco it was closer to a 4 star dish. The poached egg was OK, but not perfectly poached as so few ever are; would've preferred it to be a bit runnier.They used a nice thick brioche bread for the french toast, dipped it in a light custard before cooking. Topped it with a very light vanilla whipped cream and blueberries. Then served it with their macerated blueberry sauce (which is listed as maple syrup on their website's menu, but has no maple taste to it at all). I REALLY enjoyed this french toast, with the blueberry sauce it wasn't overly sweet. In fact, it was barely sweet at all. This french toast and the one stuffed with vanilla bean custard and fresh raspberries at Bellagio Cafe are the 2 best in town.If I was writing a review purely on the french toast here, I would give them 5 stars...but since I have to take everything else in to account they get a 4 for now until I try something else. I will definitely be back to eat the french toast again.
4	I've been here 3 times because I love the outdoor seating, 1) because i love people watching 2) it's right in front of the Bellagio water showOf course the service is always great. The bread is  served nice and warm, and i do love french bread! Every single time I have been here I ordered a chopped salad because it is seriously the best chopped salad I've eaten, IN MY LIFE. The first 2 visits here the salad was different so they might have changed their menu because when I tried it a couple days ago it wasnt as good as i remembered. I am now eager to try something new, maybe breakfast? (If I could ever get my butt up in time)
5	We dined here recently on the 16th, a Saturday night, and it was absolutely fantastic.  We didn't have reservations, and were told that an inside table was about a 30minute wait, versus 90minutes for outdoor seating.  We chose to dine indoors.  I know that everyone is raving about the balcony seating, but the inside dining room was well appointed and perfect for a cozy dinner.  The bottles of their wines-by-the-glass sat close by at a serving station, and the server was generous with offering a taste before ordering a full glass.  The baguette in the bag was delicious and came accompanied by both butter as well as a yummy carrot compote.  The caesar salad was simple yet quite delicious.  But their famous steak frites are simply to die for.  I had the steak bordelaise, which came smothered in sweet caramelized onions and a red wine reduction, together with a mountain of frites that looked like shredded homemade potato chips -- airy and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  It was simply too much food to finish so I couldn't try any of their desserts.  Next time! And oh boy, absolutely no question about it there WILL be a next time! Each time I'm in Vegas, baby!
5	This place is amazing!!! Food is superb and the customer  service is out of this world. After a seating mix up the hostess reseated us in the best seat in the whole restaraunt with an amazing view of Bellagios. I had the skate that was delicious, and my mother had the infamous onion soup. The escargots were the best I ever had and I will be craving them  all week. Definitely one of the best places in Sin City to eat. The whole experience was breath taking.
2	My bf and I had brunch here last Friday morning after arriving to Las Vegas from San Francisco.  We chose this place because of all the good reviews here, but we were definitely not impressed at all.  The food was mediocre but definitely compares to Denny's status with a marked up price.  The presentation wasn't even that great.  I had the ham and cheese omlette and my bf had the mushroom omlette and added chicken, which was very dry.  The ham on my omlette wasn't even "fancy" ham it's regular sandwich had from the grocery store.  The omlette menu was very simple and not a lot of options.  On a good note the hashbrowns were good and I might go back and try the crepes maybe that's there best dish.
5	Great food !  My husband and i had the french onion soup ( It was great) , the oysters ( super fresh and good) and the steak sandwich ( very delicious) !  Has a great view of the vegas strip ! Overall a very nice place
3	The location takes the cake for this Lettuce Entertain You restaurant on the strip.  I would highly recommend a reservation; the downside is you can't get a reservation for the patio - the best patio on the Strip - so that's a long wait if you're wanting to do that.$260 got the four of us two mid-range bottles of red wine, one salad, four entrees, and one dessert.  I didn't think it was ridiculously overpriced, it's just I would rather eat someplace else.The atmosphere was kind of cheesey & touristy, and it was extremely dark in there.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but I could barely read the menu.  The first bottle of wine we got was just straight up rancid; once we asked about it, they were quick to replace it.  The French bread and garlic butter was really good to start out with.I had sea bass, it was just OK.  I think the concensus from the table was everything was just OK.  Maybe I expected more?Oh, except the bread pudding.  The white chocolate bread pudding was amazing.
4	Had lunch here which was really good. The atmosphere of the restaurant is great, busy but comfortable. saw carrot top and george wallace at a table next to us.  went here for breakfast the next day which again was really good. We had reservations for lunch but did not for breakfast. For lunch we waited about 5 mins to be seated.  People who didn't have reservations were waiting for awhile so make sure to make reservations for lunch especially on the weekends. for breakfast we were seated inside with no reservations, which wasn't that bad, but sitting out in the patio is much better especially on a nice day.
5	A perfect choice to enjoy delicious food with a great view. Their outdoor seating is ideal on a beautiful day. I started with a Caesar salad and my boyfriend had their French Onion soup. The salad was fine but not great, the soup was VERY cheesy. I'm not a big fan of onions, but it was quite tasty. Our starters were good, but I couldn't stop eating their delicious french bread! They also brought us some very good apple and fennel salad. We are both steak lovers and we had some of the best steak here. We opted for the filet mignon and it was the most tender steak ever! He ordered the Filet with Merlot butter and I ordered their Filet Mignon Au Poivre. Mine was great, but my boyfriend's steak was even better! Their frites were very good as well. Don't expect fries, they're more like chips. We each had a glass of Pinot Noir to accompany our meals. For dessert, I ordered their bread pudding which was moist and delicious and my boyfriend tried their Bananas Foster crepe. We also had their Cafe Gabi. It is coffee with Bailey's, Grand Marnier and Frangelico. Yum!This is definitely a place we plan on revisiting. Very soon!
4	On a perfectly mild sunny day in vegas, it was a great choice to eat on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi overlooking Las Vegas Blvd. As soon as we entered the restaurant from the casino entrance, from the dark interior, it was like stepping into a whole different world once we got seated on the patio. Usually when servers rattle off the specials of the day, it goes out the other ear for me. But after looking over the menu and half heartedly deciding on the spinach and gruyere omlette, I heard the server mention Bacon and Spinach Eggs Benedict and i was sold! Quiche Lorraine with bacon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=4Ua39HREZlvlYbEf3EP_ew for the dude and my friend got the dish i was thinking of originally http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=5luau0SKUmjSVfXBalxsMQ. We all agreed that my dish ended up being the best: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=T3jPSmE56xcETgTqjegttw.The quiche had a nice crust, but was kind of monotonous. (i love breakfast sides and this had none). The spinach omelette was ok- i enjoyed my omelette at Max Brenner much more. I've only had eggs benedict a few times elsewhere and i have to say this one was very yummy- the eggs were perfectly runny and the bacon (i believe it was applewood) was nice and crispy. We were too sweets wasted this time to order the pancakes, french toast etc, so next time i would like to try those or the steak dishes with a side of their onion soup!
3	Pros: this restaurant literally feels like it's from France, with the old dripping paint on the wall. The service here is excellent. They checked up on us every now and then and refilled my drink every so often. Cons: For the amount you pay, the food was decent. I got a seafood crepe, with basically 3 prawns and 2 scallops and a crepe. It was decent, i barely touched my meal. My friends got a quiche and a steak. They said it was decent as well. Your call.Overall: It's not a bad place to try if you're up at least $80 :)  lucky for all of us, vegas provides us with that opportunity to gamble huh and win some money! (half-kidding)
5	Want to give a shout out to My T. on this one, because him and his wife Thao T. brought me here for the first time.  But Alcatraz is for locals too, so don't hate plaYa!!One of my favorite brunch spots on the strip.  Actually I've been in Vegas for a little less than a month now, so I don't have too many brunch spots on the strip, but I still love this place.Nice tip:  Also learned this from My T, when you're waiting for your table, there is a bar in the back in the outside area where you can hang out and people watch and enjoy a drink.  This is actually a crucial part of the experience here for me.  Tip #2, you want a table outside.  Inside is a bit boring and I always see the younger crowds outside.Good food (a bit pricey, but that's how the strip rolls) good people watching and other views like the fountains, this place is cool.  I still would give it 5 stars even though I feel the food is a bit pricey.Recommendations on food are the salmon salad if you are gonna be a weenie and not want something greasy like me sometimes, or I would go steak frites if you wanna go big.  The fries are crispy which is too annoying.I have yet to try the onion soup, everyone seems to be raving about it!
5	This place is to die for.  I went there a couple of weeks ago, and I have been wanting to go back ever since.  Staff was extremely attentive, and I love the atmosphere of the place.Both my wife and I loved our food, and it was reasonably priced.  We got an appetizer and two meals, and including the tip it was around $80.    I promise that if you go here you will not regret it.
5	Went here on a busy Saturday night with two girlfriends. Made the reservation at 4pm that same day and we were seated right away with a glorious view of the Bellagio fountain. The service was phenomenal. Our waiter was friendly and funny, very knowledgeable, but knew when to give us our space. Everything came out hot and delicious and without too much of a wait. AND we all found it completely reasonable, especially compared to the rest of what's on the Strip.I had the scallops, which were divine. Perfect and savory. My friends had a steak and a fish dish, respectively. We were all quite happy with our choices. We also loved the fresh bread and whipped butter. So classy. So French! Each of us loved our food, but more importantly, the experience was wonderful. We can't wait to go back!
5	Great food!  Blood Mary Bar.  done.
5	Outside seating a must!  This is the best place on the Strip for People Watching, Great Food (the bread is to DIE for), attentive staff, view of the Bellagio Fountains and romantic lunches and dinners.  It is the first place I think of for business lunches and bringing family and friends who visit us here in LV.  Not too pricey for lunch and umbrellas to shade you in the summer, heaters in the winter.  LOVE IT.
5	I went to Mon Ami Gabi last Thursday during a trip to Las Vegas, and I have to say I was blown away, once again!The food and daily specials never cease to amaze me, along with a superb selection of wines, both by the glass and the bottle. And do yourself a favor and try the chocolate mousse!!!!! You will absolutely melt as you are eating this amazing dessert!Mon Ami Gabi is always on my list any time I go to Vegas, and it will be on my list again when I return in October!
5	This place was excellent!! I always walk by this place every time I'm in Vegas and we finally decided to try it out for dinner this weekend.  You can make a reservation for the inside portion of the restaurant but the patio dining doesn't take reservations.  We decided that it was a nice evening and there was a cool breeze so we opted to wait it out and have dinner on the patio.  I'm glad we waited, it was really nice having the fountains in front of us throughout dinner and the weather was perfect! They do kind of squeeze you in there but that's understandable and we had a table for four for just the two of us so we had plenty of room.One problem I had was that there was some dude with a giant snake standing RIGHT in front of the restaurant the entire time.  He had a microphone and a little speaker and he was trying to charge people to take a picture with him and his snake the whole time....that got annoying real fast.The food was excellent!! We started out with a crabcake (they give you one medium sized crabcake) and it was pretty good, definitely not worth the $15 pricetag but I'm glad I tried it.  We shared a cup of the french onion soup too and it was pretty good.  I've never really been a big onion soup fan so I don't have much to compare it too but I heard it was good so we gave it a shot and I thought it was quite tasty.  I had the filet mignon and my fiance had the trout - I liked the filet way better but he said he thought the trout was just as good (I just like steak more than fish).  I really wanted to have dessert but I was just too full from everything else that I had to pass, but I'm sure it would have been delicious though.  I also opted out of having wine with dinner because I had been drinking all day, because you know, it's Vegas.  I'm definitely going to be back next time I'm in town and I'll probably have the filet again (it was just that good)!
5	Brunch here was great! A little bit pricey, but portions are huge so it's worth the money.Yum: Quiche Lorraine - light and fluffy with a perfectly thin and buttery crust.Crab Cake Eggs Florentine- good amount of crab, egg cooked perfectly, overall very yummy.Hashbrowns- crispy and brown on the outside, soft and potato-ey inside...perfect!Bread- exactly how french bread should be.Bloody Mary Bar! Build your own with as many olives/pickled veggies as you want! FYI: All vodka is the same price and they have 4 or 5 options.Meh: Croque Madame with an over-easy egg-- more over than easy. But the bread was TO DIE FOR!We also had a great view of the Bellagio from the patio.  The wait can take a while, but it's worth it. Can't wait to come back!
5	This is my FAVORITE restaurant in Vegas thus far!Best seats would be indoors, but just right beside the outdoor seating where you get a window view of the strip.  The seating inside gets a little tight, but the food definitely compensates for it.Reserve a table, or else you will be the one  watching others with reservations just strolling across you and sitting at the table that you've been waiting for. Where to begin with the delicious food...Get the mussels! They are plump and fluffy, best that I've ever had.  However, I think they were better in the summer, as I have gone back during the winter and they have shrunk significantly in size.  Not the season?Escargot... mmmmm.. garlicky, buttery goodness.Seared scallops were also superb.  We haven't tried any of the meat plates because my bf and I are so hung up on the seafood that we always just end up getting that.Oh yeah, we did try the frisee and warm bacon salad.  How good can a salad get, really?  It's GOOOOD. and very appetizing.
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas, thus far. My friend and I went to brunch here on our first morning in Vegas (of this trip) and got seated at a table right away (whew!) despite how busy they were. We got a nice spot right inside the window seating which has a great view of the Bellagio and strip surrounding. They had an eggs benedict special with tomato and spinach that was sooo good. My friend, who introduced me to Mon Ami Gabi from her last trip, repeatedly goes back for the croissant breakfast sandwich. Service was great, food was great, view was great...what's not to love so far?My friend gets a little too drunk this night...hey, it's Vegas...and is out of commission for the rest of the following day. I woke-up craving the previous morning's meal and decide to go back on my own. I sat at the bar where Robert was bartending. He was very comical with the wait staff and made the whole experience entertaining, while providing the best service of course! He was very attentive, accommodating & friendly. The meal was excellent as it was the day before, but the service was even better. :) My no longer hungover friend came with me to sit at the bar on day three of our trip. Robert was working again, and gave us continual good service. My friend and I tried new entrees at his recommendation that were just as delicious as our favorites. The assistant GM, Clancy, was also extremely professional and offered above and beyond good service. He gave us his special (very tasty!) english muffins for being return customers all trip and even offered me a wisp when I complained of having food in my teeth---how awesome is that!I highly recommend Mon Ami Gambi for the deeeelicious brunch, above and beyond service, great location, and so much more!! I will definitely go back whenever I return to Vegas.
5	Well what can I say, this place is delicious for brunch. Out door seating is a must!!! You get a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains. I ate here for brunch for mothers day, it was my first time and I had a nice time. A bit pricy but well worth it, I will defiantly go again.
5	Loved this place! We booked in the morning through yelp and got a table in the cafe overlooking the strip and fountains. Awesome! Our waitress was so nice and helpful, advised me really well on dietary requirements, and the food was delicious. I can't get over the price for the quality. Really good value, you would expect to pay so much more elsewhere. Mmm would go back every night but you'd have to roll me on the plane. I had filet mignon with fries and red wine sauce and my date had the big flat steak (oops memory fail) with peppercorn sauce and fries.
5	I've eaten there four times over the last few years, and so far it's definitely my favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Even though they offer several sauce choices for their steaks, the meat is so flavorful I don't want to spoil it with the bearnaise or roquefort.  Instead, I save that for the pom frites (fries), which is divine.  The appetizers and french bread are great too.
5	I LOVEDDDD Mon Ami Gabi! We went here for brunch and were able to sit outside and watch the fountains across the way at the Bellagio. I had a crab cake as an appetizer that was a little slice of heaven. The rest of our food was good as well. If your going to go here I would stay away from the ordinary club type sandwiches (turkey, cheese, bacon) they are just regular sandwiches. Go out of your box and try something different. That's what my friend and I did and we were impressed with our food. (She had a crab sandwich and I had a french crepe. Our hubbys ordered the reg. sandwiches which were nothing special)  I would definately love to go back to try the dinner menu and I'm so glad they have a Mon Ami Gabi over here in Chicago for me to go try.
1	We came here for breakfast and were really looking forward to it based on the reviews online. I think we came here at the wrong time. We got seated and it took a while to get drinks and order taken (about 10-15 minutes). We finally got to order our coffee but we received without a creamer. The gentleman mentioned he would be back but he did not return. We asked a bus boy for the creamer cleaning the other table and he brought us a dirty one with fresh jam all over the bottom. We asked our waiter for another creamer. We both decided to order their eggs benedict (I ordered the Florentine and my boyfriend ordered the crab).The Florentine was the worst I have ever had. The eggs were sloppy and the asparagus was small cut up piece. I almost sent it back because I thought the asparagus was missing. I am a big fan of eggs florentine and I was surprised to not see fresh asparagus. The asparagus looked like cut up pieces of artichoke hearts. Our English muffins were overly buttered and took away from the meal. My boyfriend didn't finish his crab benedict. It was salty and the overly buttered muffin didn't help. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing here today. The coffee was the best thing about our meal.
5	How have I not reviewed this already? This is my Las Vegas Staple. The Filet Mignon is solid (I prefer the merlot butter over the creme fraiche). Regardless, this is arguably the best value for your buck. About $30/steak and the steaks are amazing. The service is fantastic and the food is just fabulous. I could eat loaves and loaves of their bread... they sometimes have a special dessert -a  white chocolate bread pudding thing with caramel. If they have it when you're there, GET IT. I don't like white chocolate or bread pudding, but for some reason this was just BOMB. I come here every time I'm in Vegas. One piece of advice: Make a reservation & request outside seating. You can watch the bellagio watershow from your seats on the patio :) Beautiful!
4	My 24 hours in Vegas ended with getting some breakfast here to take on the road. Calling in to make an order was a little confusing in the beginning. We called the first time to see if we can phone in an order and the lady said yes. The second time we called to actually give them an order another lady said we would have to come in and order at the bar. Then the third time I asked to be transferred to the bar and finally we were able to make our order. So side note: If you call and want to place an order to go, just ask to be transferred to the bar.  When we got there our order was already waiting for us. Unfortunately it wasn't correct. I ordered the Bananas Foster Waffle but all I got was a plain waffle. I let the bartender, Robert, know and he was on it. He was shocked and embarrassed that the order wasn't correct. His actual words were, "This ain't Denny's!" This guy was awesome! He offered us free mimosas while we waited. Who are we to decline free drinks?!The bananas and sauce came out before we were halfway done with our mimosas. So we downed those things and were on our way. I think my waffle would have been quite delicious if it was fresh out of the kitchen. A bad part on me to order something like that to go. I did like how the waffle itself was fluffy too bad the crisp outside wasn't there anymore. However I did love the foster sauce! The brown sugar, butter, vanilla and cinnamon were well balanced. Very subtle sweetness that went well with the bananas.My sister ordered the eggs benedict and while it wasn't the best we had it was still pretty darned tasty. The eggs were cooked perfectly the hollandaise sauce was a little watery to me but still flavorful.Food was pretty good but Robert's friendliness and attempt to please us stood out the most for me. People were eating at the bar too so if you don't want to wait for a table the bar is great. Especially if Robert's the bartender.
5	I have had two excellent experiences here and will always keep this on the list for Vegas trips.  Amazing breakfast with bachelor party buddies with just enough pomp and circumstance for a celebratory weekend.  Then, I had lunch on my last trip and really liked the French simple options for a moderate price.  In addition, they have wonderful house wines bottled for them in France.  Highly recommend as long as that does not make the line longer for me.
4	Great place for brunch.  My wife had made a reservation and, once again, she nailed it.  We were not disappointed (except for the service, read below).  We started with a carafe of the Frangria, which is awesome.  However, had I spotted it sooner, I would have ordered the self-serve Bloody Mary bar.I started with the house-made pate.  It was delicious but the portion was huge.  I needed about 1/2 the portion but it was so good, I ate all of it.  My wife had the Butter Lettuce salad.For our brunch entrees, my wife had the Ham and Cheese Crepe.  She seemed to like it.  I had the Seafood Crepe.  It was very good but my shrimp were overdone.Overall, this was a delicious brunch.  I like the fact that our table was in the sun room.  I also like the fact that you don't have to walk through the entire casino to get to it.One critique.  I don't know what happened but about midway through our meal, our server started ignoring us and when she did come by, she was very short with us.  It didn't start out that way so I'm not sure if we did something or not.  Hey Roxanne, you are the sole reason this isn't a 5 star review.
3	5 stars for location - Paris is old-school Vegas and the restaurant has a great ambience.  Can't beat sitting on the patio watching the Bellagio fountains. Service was attentive but kind of ho-hum. We asked if it was possible  for the heater to be turned on, but were given a firm no -  with no explanation. My first two choices on the menu were not available (it was a late reservation, so no blame there) so I had the Skate, which was texturally interesting, and I really enjoyed. The sides were lackluster, and my boyfriend's steak with blue cheese sauce was just average. After the great reviews they had, I guess I expected more than a fairly average meal, but average it was.
4	I love this place and with so many bad food places in Vegas robbing us of our hard earned money Mon Ami Gabi lifted my spirits.By bf and I decided to sit inside because it was cooler than sitting on the patio and not too busy. We were seated in the the dining area just before the cafe. It was a lovely spot because the sunlight was streaming in and it looked like a beautiful, peaceful atmosphere to have lunch in.Our waiter greeted us and we ordered right away; my bf ordered the Steak Frites and I ordered the Salmon dish. The wait was a bit long but nonetheless we were expecting the best from previous reviews. The dishes arrived and my bf received a beautiful juicy steak (order it medium) with a side of crispy potato "fries". Then the waiter grabs a dish of heaping mussels!!!! I thought to myself, "Am I really going to have to eat this?" since I'm not usually a person to complain at restaurants and actually considered just eating it. I kindly told the server, not our waiter, that I had ordered the Salmon. He said he would check with the waiter. The waiter came over and apologized claiming the buttons are right next to each other and had accidentally pressed the wrong button. Eek! Expensive mistake.I did wait for my salmon to be cooked and it did feel like it took a long time. I tried my bf's steak and I melted... trying to save my appetite I only had a few more bites but I was hooked. My salmon arrived and it was delicious! It had green peas, snow peas, in a "green" sauce. I'm not really sure how to describe it. It was light, refreshing, and the salmon was flakey. After we finished our meals, our waiter came back and offered to order us a dessert on the house. My bf and I shared the creme brulee which we were originally wanting to order but decided not to. Not it was free! It was a little over done as the crust layer was hard like candy, not slightly crusted, but I was just so happy that they acknowledged the mistake and comped us. Everything was wonderful and I will go back.P.S. When I came back home to LA, I gushed to a friend that I went to this place for lunch and she claimed that her mother always eats there when in Vegas because the food is so good. Score!
4	Cute cafe outside of the Paris Hotel.  Their outdoor seating (on a good day) has always attracted my attention but when I went I had to sit indoors to escape the heat and crazy winds.The interior decor was great and made me feel like I was actually in Paris (err, not sure how authentic it is since i've never been but for the likes of me, it was perfect!)Best Muscles I've ever eaten in life. I will be back for more... entree order this time.
4	Great patio seating. French toast to die for.
2	I thought the service was HORRIBLE! It was rude, the wait was long nothing good to say about the service. The food was average. The atmosphere is great though.
4	Had never been here before Sunday night.  Right across from the Bellagio, you can sit inside or out on the patio and see the water show. I was with the guys, but seemed like a nice place inside for a romantic interlude.. darkly lit, with old world decorations and high ceilings.. believe there was a fireplace as well.. you get the picture.  We had a 40 minute wait for the patio.  Food was xlnt.    For cocktails the waitress recommended a French Martini, sounded good, tasted fantastic, but failed to check on cost and it was $12.95 for one drink!  OK it was super fantastic, (gee I need to make more money).. Shared a baked cheese appetizer, table loved it, I had the scallops with a pureed mushroom sauce, best scallops I had ever eaten. Think they were $23.. Lovely.. would not hesitate to return ..this is a steak house, but no one tried a steak, one guy dieting had soup, another had the fish and chips which was a flat fillet rather than the breaded chunky pieces you usually see.  Everything was excellent, bill was $180 for 3, which included 3 cocktails and 2 glasses of wine and a shared dessert.
5	Spectacular!  Best seat in Vegas, great service and great food!
4	I've been to the one in Chicago several times and it's always fun, good food, and not too expensive! The one in Vegas did not disappoint - I was shocked at how large the restaurant is...when you walk into the bar where the host stand is - looks like a typical Mon Ami Gabi...very quaint...and then you keep walking! It really is amazing.
4	Mussels French fries apple tart tatin chicken or steak sandwich, escargot, French onion soup, n bread are all good. Avg food is hamburger, seafood crepe (premade not fresh crepe).
4	Eating in Las Vegas isn't cheap and any place that serves an entree in the realm of $25 can be considered a bargain. We decided to come here for a pre-show dinner. We hadn't eaten anything French recently and being from a backwoods town in the South where French isn't something you see very often, we were ready to try this place. We got reservations and had to only wait about 10 minutes for our table. We got an authentic French waiter but the poor thing was confused for most of the night. I am sure our Southern accents scared the hell out of him. He couldn't remember the specials but that was ok since he seemed like a pretty nice guy.We were starving since we had skipped lunch that day. I ordered the Onion Soup which was very good. They give you a fairly large portion which could be easily split between two people or eaten as a meal in itself with a salad. Our table also ordered the Baked Cheese as appetizer which was delicious. I ended up getting the Steak Bearnaise with hand-cut fries. Not a big fan of the fries. They were cooked properly but I like my potatoes cut thicker. The steak was cooked perfectly and tender. The Bearnaise sauce was very good and probably the highlight of the entree. We passed on dessert. Service was good but not exceptional. The food was good but nothing was spectacular enough to warrant a 5 star consideration. This place is probably more of a 3.5 stars but I will round up due to the appetizer and nice atmosphere. I will be moving to the DC area soon so I may have to hit up the one in Bethesda. For the price you can't beat it though.
4	Mon Ami Gabi has a great patio, you can see the Bellagio fountains across the street and dine under the Eiffel Tower. My husband and I both really enjoyed the filet mingon with merlot butter, it was very delicious and I highly recommend it! Our server, however, was aloof and a bit snooty, which was really the only turnoff for an otherwise delightful meal.
5	WINNING! That's what Mon Ami Gabi did for my gal pal and I this past weekend. The view and our service were all top notch. The butter merlot filet was excellent...cooked perfectly and was ever so juicy and delicious. The house pinot complimented the filet perfectly (like Charlie Sheen and cocaine). The warm flourless chocolate cake was scrumptious and the perfect way to end our dinner...and start the night. Viva Las Vegas baby, yeah!
4	I didn't realize that it is a French STEAKhouse (pretty much), so I was a little bummed because we had reservations at Craftsteak two days later. I got over it pretty quickly because it was delicious!  You can't have too much steak on vacation...I always say. This restaurant has a gluten free menu. Everything was simple and delicious. I would definitely go back because of the food and the gluten free menu and knowledgeable staff. The only issue was that there were too many people jammed into the space. It is in the Paris right on the street across from the Bellagio fountains so it is popular, but at some point restaurants need to just say NO. The place was brimming with people. We were there 10 minutes before our reservation and we still had to wait at the bar for about 1/2 an hour. We were seated in a kind of crappy spot...between the bar and the kitchen.  Then I realized that most of the seats were crappy unless you were outside. Next time we go here, I am going to ask specifically for an outdoor seat or a booth. We had made our reservations a month in advance.
4	Wait for a table on the patio.  No matter how long it takes because it is totally worth it.  I am not really a big fan of dining on the strip, but if you have to do it, why not do it outside while enjoying a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and the freaks that come out at night in Las Vegas?We had the seafood appetizer (whole lobster, oysters, shrimp, tuna tartare, seaweed salad.)  The only thing on this appetizer that wasn't amazing was the seaweed salad.  Worth the $24.95 a person price tag.  Also had the Steak Roquefort served with these crispy potatoes.  Very flavorful, but you better love Roquefort cheese or this dish is not for you.  Honestly, the food is beside the point at Mon Ami Gabi.  You'll be too busy staring at the fountains and everyone who walks by.  Fortunately, the food is actually very good.  And you can't find a more romantic spot if you try.
4	I did indoor seating (my girlfriend had major sunburn from the pool). It was delicious. Wonderfully fresh oyster appetizer, so so amuse bouche. It was a wonderful opportunity to try skate for the first time and I must say I am a huge fan! Tried the Roquefort steak with delicious crispy frites. My potato chips were underwhelming with some soggy/burned but still overall delicious as was the artichoke heart puree. The Dover sole was boring but the Grape Passion/love fest/ whatever the name was cocktail more than made up for it!
5	My absolute favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. It is authentic French food and come hungry! You can't go wrong with anything you order from the menu. I highly recommend the country pate, open BLT sandwhich, brie cheese with honey, waffles, steak tartare and the frites. The mimosas aren't bad either. Come here for breakfast, lunch, or dinner and everything is delicious but make sure you sit on the patio--that's where it's at and the wait for a seat is totally worth it. You sit right across the Bellagio fountains and get to people watch while having a scrumptous French meal.
4	I love this place! It's a must when in Vegas!
5	I'm in love with this place! Food is touristy yet wonderful! I love the view of the Bellagio fountains. I went for brunch and had an eggs benedict. Magnifique! My girlfriend had crepes and they were great too! I can't wait to come back for dinner next time I'm in Vegas!P.S. There are TONS of very over-priced "fancy" restaurants in Vegas where the food ends up sucking. Mon Ami Gabi is expensive without being absurd and the food is A+. Give this place a try and make a reservation in advance!
3	Service was decent.  Food was mediocre. View was great!
4	The last night for Vegas, we decided to eat late, 1030 at this steak frite/ french bistro location.Recommendation, sit outside if the weather is bearable.  The view and people watching is great, plus pending on time, you'll also see the water show at the Bellagio as your sitting across from it.We ordered the french sangria to start off, and it was pretty decent, a little more red wine taste then I would have liked though.Bread, comes out fresh in the wax paper, and a good butter.Appetizer - I ordered the french onion soup, and my friend ordered the special of the night which was an escargot, i know they have one on the menu, but this one was different.  I didnt taste the excargot, because under no circumstance, will i eat it, i just dont like the taste and consistency.  The french onion soup, was the second best i've ever had, a place near me that is now closed, had the best ive ever had, and this easily took second.  It came out and was also a great portion, for me, a bigger guy with a big appetite.  It was fantastic.  My friend said the escargot was good.Main course - I ordered the filet mignon, with merlot butter, and my friend ordered the filet au poivre with creme fraiche, both medium rare.  Both of these steaks were cooked perfectly.  They also tasted delicious.  There was a difference in the sauce, but the steaks were exactly the same, which is good.  We had gone to craftsteak the night before, but the two places are oddly very different from each other.  overall - easily worth going to, easily order the french onion soup.
5	GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Good Grief!  The ABSOLUTE BEST FILET I've ever had (butter & wine reduction).  Scallops were dreamy (the sauce was ridiculously good).  House Pinot Noir: delicious.  Flourless chocolate cake: divine.  The bread was okay, but who cares?  The ABSOLUTE BEST FILET I've ever had.Next time (Oh yes, there will be a next time.) I do want to sit on the patio.  I could see the Bellagio fountain from the table inside, but not well.  It was still pretty.
5	Despite having feet bottoms that burned like Hades from all the walking you do in Vegas, I hobbled over to Mon Ami Gabi for a breakfast of oatmeal ($5+/-) and coffee for breakfast.  It was ok...the coffee was good, which I can't say about most places.Oatmeal is oatmeal, but it was served with milk and raisins...but no butter which I thought strange; however, they did bring out a bowl of brown sugar for me to get my high on it I wanted to.The fun of eating here is sitting outside in the a.m. and watching all the Vegas tourists and loonies go by.  Now that was fun!The service--despite my bill which came to like $10--was superb to the point you would have thought I had ordered a really decent meal of filet..ha!  Kudos to the Paris Hotel for their lack of snobbery at breakfast.I would come back here again for sure.
2	Went to Mon Ami Gabi for the first time to celebrate our wedding anniversary with friends. We booked the table on opentable.com a few days before with a note about the celebration. They dont care, not even a congratulatory message. Got the table on the patio we requested, the view was awesome. Bellagio is right across from the restaurant so we can even see the fountain while eating. The restaurant got really busy right around 7:45-8pm on a Saturday night. We ordered some frites, soup of the day, sea scallops, pork chop, steelhead (their special that night).  However, there was something wrong with the server. He was not all quite there, twitching, blinking, stuttering, bumping into the backs of our chairs, etc. We received our frites and entrees not long after we placed the order; however, the soup never showed up. We asked the server about it and he was so confused. So we just cancelled the soup as we didn't want to wait.  Food was okay, nothing special. The frites and scallops were so salty even though they were cooked pretty well. The frites also looked and tasted like the scraps left at the bottom of the pan, brown, over fried crumbs.  The excessive amount of salt totally ruined the dishes. Steelhead was tasty, but we realized that it's 28 bucks when we got the check. It's pretty costly compared to most of the entrees on the menu (average $19-$24). Definitely not worth going back again for the food and service. For the view? Maybe. How disappointing!
5	I hosted my friend's bridal shower brunch here and had such an amazing experience!  We had a party of 13, and were seated in the best part of the restaurant (the back room by the patio...tons of sunshine and warm on cold day).  We were also out of the way of heavy traffic.Although the restaurant was packed due to Memorial Day weekend, our server was so amazing.  Yes, they forgot to bring syrup with the waffles and extra berries with the crepes, but the food was outstanding and they responded quickly to our needs.The breakfast menu was large with many different types of options.  They definitely had something for everyone.  I had the crab cake benedict ($16) and my eggs were perfectly poached.  My friends loved both the savory and sweet crepes and everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered. I would definitely recommend making reservations.  We finished up around 12 noon and there was a long line on our way out.  We made our reservation 2 months in advance (due to the large party/holiday weekend), and when I tried to make a small change two weeks before, they were unable to accommodate, but we still had a great time!
3	great view if youre on the patio, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. prices are OK at this place, considering its view. we had a sketchy waiter as well, id figure you could find much better staff in Vegas. wont be back for the service thats for sure. food was good, fries sure dont look like the ones in the pics here. mine were brown and in crumbles
4	Loved the place, went here twice during my four day stay in Vegas: once for breakfast and the other time for lunch. I highly recommend going there for breakfast- great place, great service, and food is pretty good.
5	It was me and my boyfriends 2 Year Anniversary, and we wanted to something fun to celebrate. Naturally we went to VEGAS! We wanted to have a nice romantic dinner, I had searched and found Mon Ami. It had great reviews so I went with it. I got reserverations and thank God I did! It was pretty packed. We had shown up 10 minutes late and there was a line, they seated us right away and asked if it was our first time there. They explained all the fancy lingo on the menu and told us what we should try if we were feeling adventurous. The prices are pretty pricey, but hey it's our anniversary. My b/f got the Filet Mingon marinated in Merlot. I got the Herb Chicken. Man OH Man! It was the MOST DELICIOUS MEAL I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE! I was so glad I picked this place. It was 110%  WORTH EVERY EXPENSIVE PENNY!
4	We booked our 12:30 reservation through yelp an hour or so before. Upon arrival, we were seated within 10 minutes to a nice table in the covered area near the patio. I was relieved since it was really windy and surprising chilly outside. The restaurant was pretty busy, but we received ample attention; the server was really sweet.I love baguette, and a good size was served in the beginning wrapped in a Mon Ami Gabi bag with butter. It came in a Mon Ami Gabi bag; it was cute how you're left to just tear a piece of bread for your enjoyment rather than coming out cut in a basket.Food:Chopped Greens & 7 Vegetables (Lunch Menu): had it without the blue cheese, came tossed & with avocado / The salad had more content than its name gives it credit for. It came with bacon, and personally, I'm not a bacon person, but it was some good bacon. It was thicker than normal breakfast bacon and gave the salad a nice balance since I didn't add chicken or anything.Corned Beef Hash & Poached Eggs (Brunch Menu): Good quality meat, well-poached eggs, yolk was used to mix the meal together / People who enjoy hash and like their eggs poached will love the item.I felt the menu was a bit limited, but still had a great brunch. Food, ambiance, service, and people were all great.
4	4.5 stars.This place is awesome.  We booked a reservation at 8 PM, with the intention of waiting an extra hour to secure outside seating.  I can understand how this may be annoying to those not in the know.  We planned for it so we didn't really mind waiting around.When we finally made it outside, it was perfect.  Absolutely perfect.  Nice warm evening, table for 2 right on the street with a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains.  So romantic!Extremely nice service, although maybe a bit too hands-off for some.  We didn't mind being left alone but we did have to flag our waitress down for the check.  The carrot soup was pretty good and the filet mignon with merlot butter was great.  For dessert, we couldn't decide between the warm berry crumble and the creme brulee so of course we had to order both.  The crumble was massive and very good.  Judging from the bits of creme brulee I was able to wrangle away from the husband when he wasn't looking - yeah, he's a fan - it was just ok.  Fabulous coffee.Plus, after staring at $15 glasses of wine and $25 appetizers in the face all weekend, it was nice to have a great moderately priced meal without sacrificing taste and ambiance.
2	Well first off, walking up and seeing an exorbitant line gave me the idea that the place was some awesome steak house. Boy was I wrong... Came here with the parents and sat down a little bit after our reservation time, no big deal. The server Martan(?) was alright as he recommended a good wine for the table. Anyways, the hot baguette and pickled carrots were an alright starter. Then came the appetizer; the baked cheese (don't ask why the father thought it would be good). The baked cheese tasted more like a bowl of spaghetti o's sauce accompanied by a piece of pesto covered bread, ick.      Then came the entrees; I ordered the steak bordelaise which came with scrapped french fries which were probably the best part of my experience at mon ami gabi. The first couple bites of my steak were alright, as i ordered it medium, expecting it to be as so throughout, boy was I wrong (again). 2 bites through, I started noticing it was nearly impossible to cut through the steak, much less chew it, without feeling like it was about to fly away off the plate at 100 miles per hour. What I was left with was a mangled piece of tendon, and 2 half chewed rubbery pieces of meat that I couldnt muster up the courage to swallow. Bottom line, this place charges above average prices for below average food, but if you like good bread and french fries, come here I guess. You wont see me here again... for 60 bucks a head I'll wait to head to L'entrecote when I'm in London next.
5	Ever had that night in Vegas where maybe you had a bit much to drink? Maybe you beat up your friend the stomach with too many cocktails and need to help him feel alive again? Look no further Mon Ami Gabi is the place for a great morning start  recharge for Vegas.  Located at the nice patio of the Paris hotel you can chill out have a mimosa or bloody mary while watching all the finest of street goers, from the good looking to the tickle me elmo's (not kidding) you will see something worth talking about.  Let's get back to the food.... The Corn Beef and Hash! Have it and send me a message thanking me.  Poached eggs with some great toast and spread and you are going to be getting your stomach ready for more. They have several great items for lunch as well, I would strongly recommend some of their seafood it is pretty epic.
4	Nice atmosphere.Great serviceInteresting onion soup and scallops (wasn't sure they were done enough). They have duck once a week. which I would have tried but wrong day.  Steak that others have raved about and I found quite okay. Food grade of B.
5	Went to Vegas for a bachelorette weekend and first restaurant we stopped into is Mon Ami Gabi.  We didn't have to wait at all since we didn't request for outdoor seating but to our surprise, where we were seated was just as good.  We were just in between the outdoor/indoor seating so it was perfect.  The food and service here is top-notch.  And for brunch, I would consider the price relatively cheap.  My table ordered:chocolate-bacon waffles - YUM! the sweetness of the chocolate complements the saltiness of the bacon very well2x fruit pancakes - these bad boys were ginormous and I would consider them more as crepes than pancakescorned beef hash w/ potatoes - best dish of all the things we ordered.  everyone was taking a bite of this plate because it was so irresistible.I can't wait to check out the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant in Chicago now.  Woohoo!
4	We went over Memorial Day weekend for my friend's birthday. I made reservations the day before for 8 people, but we had another person join us. They accommodated us, which was nice since we told them when we checked in.We waited about five minutes to be seated, then were taken to a booth in the middle of the restaurant. I ordered the New York strip with the french fries and a bowl of their soup of the day, Creme of Asparagus. The soup was really good, especially when I dipped the baguette bread in it. But my favorite part of the entire meal was the french fries! I love crunchy french fries and all of them were! The steak was good too, but I didn't finish it because I had finished all of the fries.Our waiter was very attentive. Service is a little slower here, but it's meant to be...it is a sit down restaurant after all. If you're in a hurry somewhere, then this is not the place to go. Enjoy the food and the company that you're with.
4	We reserved on Open Table, so we only waited about 5 minutes.  I overheard other people saying that the wait without a reservation was about an hour and a half.  So definitely call ahead.  We sat inside and enjoyed the table and the ambiance.My boyfriend is a vegetarian, and has a big appetite.  He ordered the vegetable platter, which was great, but not super big.  He also ordered the macaroni and cheese (au gratin) to supplement and it was really fantastic.  It comes out all baked and yummy with lots of cheese on top.  I ordered the French Onion soup, and it was probably the best I have ever had in my life.  So much cheese, and the broth was really rich.  Bonus: it comes out in a huge dish that looks like a hot tub, so it was very, very filling.Overall, we really enjoyed.  The bill for two, without alcohol, was 51 dollars.  The only downside was that the only real vegetarian option was the vegetable platter, and that it was pretty small.  But what what can I expect from a French steakhouse?
5	Went here awhile ago and I miss this place.  It's the best place I've eaten by far in Vegas.  I wanted  to go to a french restaurant that doesn't charge so much $$$$.  Looked up in yelp and decided to come here. We ordered:French onion soup - I had better soup somewhere else but this was also really good! Rib eye steak with fries - fries was nothing to rave about, but the steak was the best I've ever had and the sauces on the side was just amazing. I usually don't like to use sauce with my steak but wow it was so good. The best Rib eye steak. I love Rib eye steak.  I normally eat my steak with horse radish yummy.Banana crepe Foster? - OMFG really? I can not believe how good this crepes were. I'm not that into crepes.  I haven't had crepes at many places, but I believe this is the best crepe ever! The sauce was to die for. We wanted to lick the plate lol =p......I wish we went here the pass few times while  in Vegas =(The service was good. The lady was pleasant. Everything was great! Love this place.I want to go back! This is one of the best meal I've ever had anywhere that I've been to. Why does it have to be so far away.
4	After walking the strip for quite some time in the mid-morning hours, I was damn hungry. Mon Ami Gabi looked pretty cute - all French and proper - but they didn't seem to mind when hubs and I rolled up in our workout gear hoping to get a table and some breakfast. The patio was a considerable wait, so we elected sit indoors (which ended up being only 2 feet from the open doors/patio. Hey - we could still see some street performers and a few walks of shame. Fine by me.The service was most excellent and efficient to boot. I went with the lemon pancakes - a giant, but very thin, lemony crepe like pancake with strawberries and a hefty side of fresh whipped cream. Hell. Yeah. The pancake was delicious yet light and the strawberries were uber fresh. I also nabbed a few bites of hubs' quiche lorraine - also a delightful, rich and tasty choice. The one food item I wasn't crazy about was the chicken sausage. Normally I'd down that in 30 seconds flat, but these particular links had an odd spice combo to them...paprika? I don't know, but I didn't dig it. Price wise, Mon Ami Gabi is quite fair - especially for the high quality and portions. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely head back here for breakfast!
4	Ate here for breakfast. The food was absolutely amazing. The waitress was nice, and the atmosphere was also good. Will definitely come here again!
5	We came here for dinner on a sat night.  7girls. Our reservations were @ 845pm but they were running 15mins bhind.  We were on a time limit due to the fact we had to be at another place at a certain time.  The manager was really accomodating and let us put in our order so by the time we sat down to our table our food would be out right away.I ordered the grilled chicken (portion was huge, so i shared it) and the scallops.  I highly recommend the scallops!!! They just melted in my mouth.  Though the serving is quite small, its worth it.  Waiter was prompt and knew we had to leave.  It was one of the best 20min dinner i've ever had! hahahathanks for the awesome service!
3	Had reservations for our anniversary 06-04-2011 @ 7:00 and had to wait for a outside patio table as they do not take reservations. Two girls taking the patio reservations extremely rude and unaccomodating when my wife was seated first while I was paying the bar tab; could not be bothered to tell me where they had seated her and I should just go find her. Service started badly with bread and amouse bouche just plunked down on the table with not explanation. Fortunately management came to the rescue with an apology and champagne. Service from there was great and so was the food. As a local there are many places to dine and the initial experience sets the stage.
5	I am pretty sure, every time I've ever visited Vegas (which is a lot), I've made it a point to visit Mon Ami Gabi.  It is fabulous!! The experience is started with the warmest, freshest french bread you'll find this side of globe.  It's served with a yummy salad of carrots and pads of melty butter.Any dish you order will be delish, and the alcoholic beverages you choose will knock your socks off.  I've only had one bad experience there - my husband got food poisoning from a raw steak (he asked for it "still mooing").  I warned him it looked too raw, but he ate it anyways.  So, the restaurant can't lose points ;-)The frites are excellent, green beans tasty, and any steak on the menu is fabulous.  I haven't tried a dessert there yet, but plan to soon.  Going back for our first wedding anniversary, the perfect place for a romantic dinner... Also, if it's a warm evening, ask for a table outside - you'll get a fabulous view of the Bellagio water show!
5	All you need to order is the French Onion soup and the Filet Mignon.  Period.  This was my favorite place we ate at on my trip and we even went back.  We sat on the patio and you can watch the water show at the Bellagio from there.  The filet was so tender you could cut it with a fork and it will melt in your mouth.  They cover with some sort of wine/butter sauce which then gets soaked up by the potatoes.  SCORE!  The French Onion soup is the best I've had.  And I know my FO soup.  If you are in Vegas this is a MUST TRY!  I also had the Pepper Crusted Seared Ahi Tuna Salad with was pretty good, but the filet is the main attraction!
4	really good steaks. just the right thickness (easy to eat) and very flavorful. not  thick, like the morton's steak kind but just as good. hand cut fries that come with the steak is pretty good too. get the whipped cauliflower with the steak. really creamy and good. nice view of the strip with the bellagio water show right in front of you. can't beat it.
4	Just finished my first meal at Mon Ami Gabi. I liked it. I would go back. The seared salmon over peas was great. The service was attentive, and the atmosphere was great -- very lively and varied. I could see the Belagio and its fountains erupting across the street. Lots of fun.
4	I ordered the steak au poivre, it was delicious, the steak was a large thin piece of meat with a black pepper sauce.  I didn't really know what to expect as for the cut, but it was tasty.  I'd order it again.  I went with a large group of friends, we were a bit late for our 630 pm reservation but were still accommodated, but it was disappointing that we didnt get to sit outside.  I split a bottle of champagne with some friends which was fun.  The bread was delicious here and I loved the french cafe atmosphere.We had good service from the waitress, but she did make a few faces since a few at the table were a bit on the drunk side.  I'd come here again.
4	The brunch food is just plain ol' good french food I'll find anywhere on the streets of Orange County. I'm so glad I chose to eat here instead of an infamous buffet; same cost but less evil on the body. The wait to sit outside is about 5 times that of sitting indoors (actually, we didn't have to wait at all for a table inside), but the atmosphere is calm and soothing; the food, I'm sure, is just as great.The whipped cream from the blueberry pancakes is to die for. I dipped everything in there at least once, even my eggs benedict. If you're with a group of girls and don't feel like binging, start the day out here and you won't regret!
5	If you want to eat at something other than the Bellagio or Wynn buffet in Vegas you have to try Mon Ami Gabi. Its moderately priced and the food is fucking delicious. I had the Hanger Steak and it was amazing.You should make a reservation for outside sometime after sunset. On the patio you have a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.
5	Located in Paris hotel, this is by far the best French restaurant on the strip. For appetizers we ordered baked cheese and it did not disappoint. The filet mignon is cooked in a red wine reduction. I now understand what a tender and flavorful filet is supposed to taste like. A friend ordered the skirt steak and said it was also very good. The house red merlot was also very impressive.For dessert, we shared the bread pudding. Again another home run!To get the full experience, ask to be seated outside and enjoy the view of the bellagio fountains (on a weekend expect a long wait for outdoor seating).Will definitely go back on every trip to LV!!!
5	I was eagerly looking forward to eating at a French restaurant to celebrate my birthday with my girls in Vegas. Our reservation was for Saturday at 8:45pm. It was a little hectic because we needed to be someplace in an hour and we were told our table wouldn't be ready for another 15 minutes. We asked if we could put in our food orders while we waited for our table and the hostess and manager were very accommodating. I wanted to eat light, so I ordered the Scallops Gratinee and the French Onion soup. The scallops were absolutely scrumptious: three little shell- shaped tins filled with roasted garlic and creamed spinach, topped with a sea scallop that melted in my mouth. I gobbled this up so quickly. Then I moved on to the French Onion soup, which was warm and full of ooey-gooey cheese that made my tummy and my tastebuds smile.I REALLY wanted to sit in the patio to watch the fountains, but there was a two hour wait. Apparently it's first come, first serve for those tables and you can't reserve them. Oh well, that would have made my birthday perfect, but at least they got us in and out so we could get to Marquee on time! Can't wait to go back with the hubby!
4	It's refreshing to get such quality for a reasonable price on the Las Vegas strip. Mon Ami Gabi is a French bistro with a long list of meals that is sure to please. Their steaks are most popular, but it's the fish that steals the show. The flavours are complexe, the food is fresh and the view can't be beat. I had the seared salmon and my husband had the skate. Both were cooked to perfection and served with a healthy portion of sides. They offer a wide selection of wines by the glass and while the restaurant is busy and noisy (much like the rest of Las Vegas Blvd) it is easy to get swept away into a great meal. Keep in mind that even if you make a reservation and ask to be seated on the balcony, they will not always honour it.
5	Nice French food with a great view if the Bellagio fountains
4	If it was just for the French Toast, 5 stars. I'm not including Creme Brulee French Toast, or Brioche French Toast.  That stuff is awesome, but I'd put that in another category.  Gabi just has the best straight up French Toast I've ever had.  The inside is nice and eggy, but still relatively light and fluffy, so it's not waterlogged.The whipped cream is delicious, although, if you're concerned about overdoing it, I'd ask for a lighter serving.The other dishes are really good, and are worth coming back for, but don't stand out quite as much as the french toast.Didn't like the coffee.
4	delicious! delicious! delicious!  I still crave the asparagus soup.  I came for brunch on a Sunday morning.  I would highly suggest making reservations.  Service was awesome and the food was tasty.  I will def be back!
5	I'm a huge fan of Mon Ami Gabi - great food, great view, excellent prices.  Delicious doesn't have to break the bank.  The french onion soup is excellent, as is the escargot.  I always get the steak frites - thin cut of steak, cooked to perfection (often, you find the thinner cuts of steak come out well done, but not here; medium rare, as requested).  You won't be disappointed with a meal here, give it a shot.
4	3.5 starsOh God.  As I mentioned in my last review, we came back here for my friend's bachelorette.  I made the reservation a week in advance.  When I got there, I had to change it because a girl dropped out. If you use Yelp to get phone numbers, this one is incorrect.  It takes you to Effiel Tower Restaurant.  I did eventually get through and told her I needed to "change tomorrow's reservation." (The reason I changed it for one person is because if your entire party isn't seated, you can't be considered for deck seating.) She told me she couldn't find me anywhere and I was put on hold for a long time, several times.  Finally she said "I found your reservation under tomorrow.  There must have been an error." Me: "Nope. I wanted it for tomorrow." Gah.  So that was figured out.Then the day of, the girls are running late and ask me to push it back.  I tell the hostess, "can you push the reservation for Ninette for 11 back 30 minutes?" She said, "ok Clark (or something equally ridiculous) for 5!" What now? Eh, maybe it was loud.We did make it there and were seated inside (outside was a 2 hour wait).  My friend and I ordered the escargot for appetizer to share and the seafood platter for our entree.  The seafood platter came with 4 oysters, shrimp cocktail, tuna cervice, seaweed salad, several sauces and an entire lobster.  I also just checked and there were supposed to be crackers. Huh. Never saw that. Either way, it looked pretty impressive, not going to lie.  The escargot were good.  They came in a pesto-ish sauce.  The seafood platter was all good except for the main event: the lobster.  The lobster was chewy and overcooked.  We thought we would need steak knives.  I don't know what kind of lobster it was called but it had the spongy legs/claws that I didn't really like either.I still think this place is pretty reasonably priced and a good balance between casual and fancy for Vegas.  The bad lobster and confusion put me off a bit more than the first time, but for mostly-good food and prices, I'll keep my 3.5 stars under 4.
4	BOTTOM LINE: There are enough good things about Mon Ami Gabi to deserve a four star review based on our dinner there last week. With so many restaurants in Las Vegas on the Strip, this is not one we'd necessarily seek out again unless it was a matter of convenience and timing that led us there.  But the outdoor patio seating provides a great opportunity for people watching and seeing the Bellagio fountain both, the food is good and the prices reasonable by Las Vegas standards.  So we're glad we went and can easily recommend it.SEATING: We were a group of ten and we wanted an outdoor table so some of the folks involved  who had not been to Las Vegas before could watch the Bellagio fountains, right across the street, as they had dinner. Reservations are not taken for outdoor seating, and it was impressive that they could cobble together a table for ten with only about a 30 minute wait at 6:30. But what we learned from this is that Mon Ami Gabi's outdoor patio seating is probably best for couples or groups up to six just for the logistics of putting tables together. SERVICE: The restaurant was hopping inside and out and yet service was efficient for taking the orders and getting the food to the right diners and served at the right temperature. Not particularly friendly, but efficient worked in this case. FOOD: For a Las Vegas restaurant the range of choices, all with a French bistro bent, was impressive and the prices seemed more reasonable than other comparable places on the Strip. As example, a duck confit small plate that included a good dried cherry garnish was only about $11 and plenty for an entree for a light eater. Same with the crab cake served with a small slaw type salad for about $15. Same for the Caesar salad that was about $10. Steaks (served with pommes frites) for roughly $25.00 each. Scallop entree was about $30. And so on. Meals included some really good, crusty baguette set in the middle of the table in paper bags at the start. VALUE:  Total bill for ten, excluding cocktails but including a couple of beers, a couple of coffees and a soft drink,  was about $230.  A bargain by Strip standards. LIBATIONS: While we waited on our table, some of us adjourned to the (tiny) indoor bar for a cocktail. My hubby said his Maker's mint julep was very good and my Sidecar was one of the best I've had. Cousins in law had good things to say about their rum and cokes and whiskey and sodas. Cousin in law who picked up the tab said they were spendy. As I recall, five cocktails topped $60. AMBIANCE: The outdoor patio can be fun, for the reasons named in the start of this review. The indoor portion of the restaurant is actually quite large and seating in some of it offers a white tablecloth, cozy bistro ambiance. But, the indoor seating adjacent to the outdoor bar is NOT the best in the place...not the charm of inside and not the view perspective of outside and with a lot of traffic through it from wait staff and diners. So we'd recommend avoiding this section of the restaurant.RESERVATION NOTE:  If you make a reservation (indoor seating only) you will need to provide a credit card.  Two hour in advance cancellation is required or your credit card will be charged $50 per head of the reservation. (Example, for a reservation for six people the default charge is $300.)  This isn't the only restaurant in Las Vegas to employ a similar tactic (Mesa as example does something similar).  But may be helpful to know this in advance.
5	Dang. This place was tres delicious. We got the cool and refreshing vichyssoise soup, the warm chicken and brie sandwich and the open-faced BLT plus the hand-cut potato chips and artichoke dipping sauce. So good. Sit on the patio for perfect views of the Bellagio fountains and a high quality, leisurely meal. Upscale, but not pretentious. Prices were comparable to a $$ restaurant in LA, but the quality and freshness of the meal was superb. We wanted to come back, but decided that in our short stay, we should try a few other restaurants - few could compare with Mon Ami Gabi, however. Definitely making a stop next time we're in town.
4	For someone half a dozen drinks in while wandering the Strip on the Sunday before his departure from this playground of a city, Mon Ami Gabi was a complete and pleasant surprise!  I couldn't believe that in such a touristy spot I would stumble upon a restaurant devoted so earnestly to quality cuisine.Our appetizers consisted of vegetable crudites and hand-cut potato chips.  Simple yet delicious, the waffle-cut chips were thin and crispy.I tasted the bacon brie cheeseburger, the tuna nicoise and the vichyssoise, and I'd recommend all of them.  The tuna tartine was topped with some of the best seared ahi I've eaten, seasoned with something heavenly.  The brie burger was so decadent, so juicy and flavorful, that I completely forgot that I was eating in the bulls eye of the tourist capital of the country.  Even without the brie the burger was cooked perfectly and made of some of the best ground beef I've tasted.  The vichyssoise was standard, but it tasted fantastic on a hot June afternoon.The rest of the menu looks heavenly.  I'm sure the next time I'm in Sin City I'll make my way there.  Bon appetit!
5	I decided to make a Yelp Account just so I could write this review. I've been a long time reader and often used others suggestions and reviews to pick a destination restaurant. Yelp found us Mon Ami Gabi. The scenario: It was my mom's birthday. So we decided to celebrate in Vegas. Saw a show, gambled, hung out by the pool... the usual eat, drink be merry, etc! But for the birthday night dinner, the objective was not over the top expensive but still really good food/ambiance/service/overall experience was a must. And we found it here, in Paris (Vegas of course). The food: delicious! Oh and the wine was paired perfectly! Started with cheese and fruit (yum!) and warm olives (good and simple). Loved the bread too and the chardonnay carrots side! Main course: I had the fillet (with the recommended rouqefort), it was amazing! and my mom had the special fish of the day: chilean seabass with a corn that is beyond the concept of corn (so good).  And of course a little french pastry puff to finish for the birthday dessert. The ambiance: umm did we accidentally leave Vegas and wind up in Paris? :)The service: Martin ... fabulously french, attentive, informative. The overall experience: 5 stars for sure. We loved it!! Side note: A lot of people recommended sitting outside (to see the fountains) but honestly we realized while it would have been great for bellagio fountain and people watching it is much more of a dining experience inside. Stand outside, watch the show before you go in. Then once inside let yourself be whisked away into a French feast fantasy. It will be si magnifique!
1	Came here for Lunch. Had a reservation. We were seated at the Patio. Water waiter was very friendly. Our waitress was n t really friendly. Bread was good. We both had the brie. Was Cold and Not so good. Both had Steaks with redwine. We ordered Medium. Was med rare. Fries were ok. Nothing Special. Spinach to garlic flawored. Don't Kiss anybody after this. View was amaizing. Service Not good. We got spinach 5 min before the Steaks. I think its to expensive.
4	Thanks to Yelpers for helping three generations of Foodies find our way here for Sunday Brunch. Great food, OK (yet friendly) service, lively atmosphere. Rather than wait 20-30 minutes for a patio table, we opted for immediate indoor seating - it landed us "just" inside but practically outside. It's a pretty, "french-y" decor with nicely presented and tasty fare: mushroom/brie omelet, asparagus/ham quiche, strawberry w/whipped cream topped waffles; wonderful strong coffee and fresh-squeezed OJ.A good value for good food.
4	Love this place!  Great location overlooking the Belagio water show. A great romantic and relaxing environment, great service and great food!  Make reservations!  This place is always busy! Be brave and try a new dish! Dress how you like but dressy is more appropriate for this restaurant!
4	Mon Ami Gabi was probably the most reasonably priced lunch I've had in Vegas. The service was utter crap, as our waitress was textbook awkward, but I'm not sure that I really cared all that much, come to think of it.To set this review up: One of the things I dreaded most about this last trip to Vegas, was the amount of money I would be pouring on food, given my girlfriend is a very demanding foodie, and this was her birthday weekend, so she had very high expectations (and damnit, she is demanding!). However, I was at ease while looking through Mon Ami Gabi's menu online.. and she loves French food, so I thought this place would be a good fit for the both of us.This is what we ordered:Me: Prime Steak Sandwich $14Her: Seafood Crepe $14 and Sangria $5You also get a complimentary baguette (that's fancy for skinny French bread) w/ butter.The prime steak sandwich was very good, and I believe my girlfriend enjoyed her seafood crepe and sangria. Yes, she always orders a sangria, even with lunch. But guess what, I didn't mind because the sangria here only cost $5! So drink here instead of above at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, where the drinks are $20 (I know, because I had to pay for them later that night!).I'm surprising myself by giving Mon Ami Gabi 4 stars, for a good meal, comfortable patio seating, and reasonable pricing. I would definitely return here again and take a chance that our next server will not be terrible.. after all, Vegas is about gambling right?
5	Pricey, but nice. Delicious. =) I think their buffet in the hotel has a great selection. The last time we ate there it was their breakfast buffet which we used the 7 buffet passes with. Everyone liked it. No complaints. And everyone seemed to have enjoyed their dinner here as well...
4	We went there for dinner after our wedding.  We had 15 people in our party and got served with no problems and our server was great! My mother and I started with the mussels as an app and they were HUGE, and weren't gritty at all.  Prices aren't too bad, especially for the quality of food and service.  So glad we picked this place.  Next time I want to go earlier during the day so i can try the crepes.
5	Mon Ami Gabi made me reminisce about all the fabulous times i had in Paris. The layout of restaurant is almost exactly like the bistros in France. Our table had the best view of the Bellagio water show and on a warm summer day.. ah.. it was so chic (=It was a really busy night and thank god i made reservations on yelp earlier in the day! Even though there was so much people, our waiter was still very accommodating. This is what we had for our dinner:Grilled pork tenderloin - The pork was so tender! (= and the sauce that came with it was divine. The caramelized onion sauce had the sweet aroma of onion with a little touch of wine. The tomato-bacon farci that came with it was light and crisp, which paired perfectly with the pork.Filet Mignon- Oh my god! this must of been one of the most tenderest steaks i have ever eaten in my life! It was cooked perfectly medium-rare just like how the French do it. The Filet mignon basically melted like butter on my tongue. (=
3	Wish I could say, it was packed because of the quality of the food.Restaurant is right on the strip, in front of Paris, and facing the bellagio fountains. It's all about location, location, location! Our party of four came on a saturday night for dinner. Of course it was a full house. We were told it would be an hour wait for inside & an hour and a half for outside. Since it was getting late we opted for whatever was fastest. Thankfully we only waited roughly 45 mins & we were even seated outside :) YAY lucky us!Tables and seating arrangements were really narrow. Complimentary bread was pretty yummy - your typical french bread. Except they gave butter and this interesting shredded carrot spread. Oddly enough, it was actually quite good with the bread. LOL!I ordered the steak classique with maitre d hotel butter. ($23.95), which is a large thin cut of steak with an herb butter sauce. It was good but nothing outstanding. The meat was a large piece, but thin so when asked for medium, it was more medium well to well done. The fries that accompanied it were overfried & overly crispy.  The rest of my party wasn't too impressed as well. They got the filet mignon, steak bordelaise, and scallops. Our table rated the scallops as the best thing that night.Ambiance was nice, romantic, but over crowded so it kinda killed the romance. Service was just okay. Kinda had to ask for refills on bread & soft drinks. They were good about refilling water though. Best thing about the place is sitting outside on the patio watching the bellagio show while eating. Would I go back? Surprising to say but probably not. I could have ate better quality & more at a buffet for the price.
2	I consider this a touristy place that is French food for Americans. A real french restaurant would serve duck. I would compare it to a Cheesecake Factory where you receive a buzzer when your table is ready except that you get warm french bread served at your table. I wouldn't go back here again. If you want a more intimate experience, go to Joel Rubichon or Guy Savoy where you'll get better quality food.
5	First meal (Saturday brunch) of the Memorial Day weekend trip.  Best meal of the weekend (which we didn't know then), and it was great to sit outside, drink "Frangria" and watch the fountains.  Doesn't get much better than this.Baguette and butter to start, and then we went with the cheese plate and pate (again) and the eggs benedict off the brunch menu.  Great service, great food and drink, reasonable prices at lunch.
4	Lovely - facing the Bellagio fountains, outdoor patio, full on french interior, good service, good food? Sooo glad we ate there instead of having Buffet of buffets. Food: A-Ambience: AService: AValue: B
5	My meal at Mon Ami Gabi can be summed up in one word : TENDER.Tender is a strange word on its own, but when combined with other words like filet and mignon it is perfection.A group of 6 of us arrived to the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant on a Friday night (with a reservation, which I highly recommend), and waited about 15 minutes to get a table.  They have a huge outdoor seating area, but we requested to sit indoors because it was in the triple digits outside.  We were sat in the area adjacent to the patio, which ironically was really chilly and a number of people around us felt the same way.  Beware the breezy area betwixt the outside HEAT and the a/c CHILL from inside.Anyhow, the food was AMAZING.  HIghlights were the fromage appetizer with a blend of yummy cheeses, and the amazement that was the Filet Mignon with Merlot butter sauce.  If you get the server known as 'Georgie,' you'll be in for a treat.  She was absolutely lovely, and took the time to explain many things to us, from drinks to entrees.  She was awesome.Overall, an awesome experience.. and I'll say it again.. the Filet Mignon was perfect, juicy and tender.  And I do love me tender..
5	This place is AMAZING. Everyone in my group was so happy we found this place. Their breakfast is just amazing. I wanted to stay in vegas permanently just to eat here every day.  The croissants and raspberry jam are perfect together. They have some of the best coffee I've ever tasted. EVERYTHING for breakfast is pretty much great. The waitstaff are friendly. For dinner: the steaks are well worth the money. I wouldn't pay $35-45/per person every night for dinner, but it is worth going at least once for dinner. Love this place. Make sure you make reservations, especially for dinner.
5	We discovered this place when they first opened and NO ONE was really dining here. Now you're lucky to get seated within an hour if you come without a reservation.The food is marvelous and you get good value for your money. We came here before we had kids and after and it's accommodating for both types of parties. The kid's menu has generous portions with one order feeding two small kids. The french onion soup is delish, the escargot is fresh, the steaks are always tasty and tender and the bananas foster crepe for dessert is to-die-for! Nice ambiance and most of the time the waiters are really nice.Quick tip: grab a seat on the patio and enjoy the free Bellagio show while you dine. Great distraction for little kids!
3	I am very conflicted about this place...The food was excellent.  Our personal server was polite and helpful.  But the host service was dreadful.  And because of that, I'm giving this place only 3 stars where it normally would earn 4 easy, maybe 5 on a good day.  Now let me explain...We had made reservation for our friend's birthday dinner.  To me, when you make a reservation (especially at a fine dining restaurant like Mon Ami) there are certain expectations that come along with that.  First and foremost, you expect to be seated in a reasonable amount of time.  We sat down at 9:00 for an 8:30 reservation!  Second, you expect the whole process to be relatively hassle-free...you give them your name and they seat at the table that is RESERVED for you.  But instead they handed up a pager and told us to wait.  When the pager went off they told us they could seat us outside (even though we requested indoor seating for the reservation) shortly or indoors in 5 minutes.  Now for most restaurants, I would be a lot more understanding of the hardworking host staff.  But for a place like this, part of the price of the meal goes towards the service offered by the establishment.  I felt we did not get that value on the night we dined.   All venting and ranting aside, the ambiance, food, and waiter service were excellent.  I would recommend the warm brie cheese and the sea scallops for hors d'oeuvres.  The bone-in ribeye is excellent, and strongly consider their specials.  Our group tried their roasted orange duck and sea bass, both very good.  In closing, chances are, that if you go on any random night, you will have a perfectly pleasant dining experience, but don't be shocked if you find yourself frustrated waiting for your reservation.
5	Sometimes I feel like being the two F's. Fancy & French.  I like to wear pretty pretty dress, throw on some pearls and maybe throw on a beret and say "Bon Appetit!"  Then I like to take a stroll down to Paris and eat brunch by the Eiffel Tower. What a life I live...Oh wait...did I forget to mention that stroll is to the Paris Las Vegas? Or that I eat my beautiful brunch at the DIVINE Mon Ami Gabi French Bistro that happens to be by the replica of the Eiffel Tower? Oh..I didn't?Not to fret! This truly is the next best thing when it comes to french cuisine and dining in Las Vegas.Mon Ami Gabi is truly one of my favorite places to eat in the city let alone on the Strip. They truly capture the classic french bistro from the decor of the restaurant to the meal that sits in front of you.  You can sit on the terrace as well as inside their beautiful what seems to look like an beautiful atrium. Either way you have a magnificent view of the Bellagio Fountains which play every 15-30 min. Meal and show! The food is absolutely delicious. My favorite breakfast item are the Blueberry Waffle and the Eggs Benedict The Blueberry Waffle is to crispy with a light airy inside which truly compliments the homemade blueberry glaze and fresh whipped cream. It is light as air ad doesn't give you the feeling of eating something heavy.  When it comes to the Eggs Benedict it revolves around one word : HOLLINDAISE. Hollindaise sauce is an emulsion of egg yolk and butter. It is a creamy delicious touch on top your poached eggs place on a slice of  french baguette. If you like French Onion you must try theirs! It is truly the best I have had in Vegas. The guryere cheese baked on top of the soup is amazing. I could possibly eat that alone. Now time for tips:1. If you plan on going on the weekend for any meal, I HIGHLY suggest you make a reservation.  They are very busy and the wait can be up to an hour.2. Try going during the week it is not as busy. 3. If it is blazing hot outside, do not sit on the terrace. You will fry. Plus the umbrellas don't move they are bolted into the ground. So shade is not always an optionPersonal Request:  Please say bon appetit...just for moi. I will love you forever. Pinky Promise. BON APPETIT MON ANGE!                           (my angel)
5	They have a dedicated gluten free menu! They have gluten free bread! Great sauces in all their dishes. Sit out side for a view of the Bellagio Fountains.
5	One of my best dining experiences in Vegas.  About as European as a restaurant can get on this side of the Atlantic.  Entrees, wine, port, cheese tray, Cafe Americano.  Man, it was all good.
4	Delicious food!! I love the steaks (I always have a Filet Mignon) with the Merlot Butter that melts and oozes flavor! I love the "frites" that come along the side (french fries). They are so yummy and I normally don't care for french fries.  I have been here about a dozen times and I am always impressed with the food and the quality of the items. It is a great date spot...has a romantic appeal to the atmosphere with great views of the Bellagio fountains if you get to sit outside.  Leave room for dessert and enjoy the most insane Bananas Foster Crepe!!   The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it is really pricey and you have to walk so far from the parking garage to get there. That might be a good thing after eating so much!!
5	Great food, great view, and they are Open Table friendly making reservations a breeze.  The servers were extremely nice, knew the menu and gave great suggestions.  I ordered Stingray for the first time, and it was delicious! It has a surprisingly subtle taste, and the texture was so soft, it practically melted in my mouth.  Beautiful flavors soaked into the meat of the stingray, and accompanied my wine nicely.  It is served with garlic potato chips made from scratch.  Thin, crispy, and Delicious!  The prices are a little steep, but this is a great restaurant with great views of the Bellagio fountain show.  If you're staying at Paris Hotel, this is the only place worth eating at if you're looking for good food nearby; none of that buffet quality stuff you find everywhere else inside this hotel.
4	This place was a huge surprise for me.  Most people go to Vegas and eat at the buffets.  Here's the thing, though: buffet food is usually crap.  At Mon Ami, for appetizers, entrees, and drinks you can have a meal that will fill you up and it will taste delicious-all for the price of a buffet on the strip.  For appetizers, we got the patte with baguettes.  I forgot the name, but it was the creamier, easier to spread patte.  It tasted great.  The bread is also straight from the oven (I don't know if it's entirely fresh, but it's good nonetheless).  It hit the spot right away.  For the entree, I ordered the steak frites with a mushroom sauce and my fiancee ordered the seared scallops.  The steak frites was excellent (the frites were a little to salty for my taste).  The seared scallops were cooked beautifully.  The service was great as well.  I will definitely come back whenever I make another Vegas trip.
4	The must-gets are: thin steak w/ frites, escargot, and their frangria. Delicious food, great view, great service. Always have a good time here. Word of advice, try to not to go during regular lunch and dinner hours. Mid-afternoon is the best time to go to avoid long wait.
2	So disappointed.  There were five hostesses standing around as we showed up ten minutes early for our lunch reservation,. We were seated about 12 minutes after our requested time.  Once seated we waited forever for a server.  The entire experience was just SLOW.  My meal was just average, the salad was overdressed and we had to ask for water and more drinks.I was glad I did not suggest this restaurant since everyone in our group was let down
4	All the glowing Yelp reviews about Mon Ami Gabi are true. (Unlike others such as Del Friscos and Delmonicos that completely defy logic or reason).It's a great restaurant, with great food and excellent service, and an almost Parisian-atmosphere....but....but...but....But....the girls at the front; the ones who decide where to seat you...the ones who make you wait at the bar no matter how busy they are....those girls are abominable. They almost ruin everything that is good about MAG. They undermine the great business that it is.I wish the guys in Chicago, who created this concept, would find some hostesses....maitresse d's.....who were a little more hospitable, and a little less premenstrual.I'll keep going here because I think it's one of the best all-round restaurants on the strip....but I'd go a lot more if the she-devils weren't waiting to shred me and everyone else once we arrive.
1	We came here for Sunday brunch on the first day of our Vegas trip.  We arrived around 11am after checking into our hotel.  We were starving and craving a nice breakfast.  However, we were sad to learn that unlike other restaurants we were used too, they weren't serving their usual breakfast menu at that time.  They had maybe 5 items on their brunch menu and the rest was off their lunch menu.  I specifically asked the waiter if any other breakfast items were available, but he was unaccomodating.  It was especially dissapointing because the table right next to us were able to order breakfast and they received their food less than 10 minutes before us. As for the food, my boyfriend ordered the waffle with fresh strawberries and whip cream.  It was $15 for ONE waffle that could have came out of a box.  The whip cream that everyone raves about was just meh!  But I must admit that I'm not a huge fan of whip cream in general (waste of calories for something that doesn't even taste that good).  I ordered the quiche which was ok but very rich.  You can definitely taste all the butter and cream they put in it.  It was more of a custard consistency than I'm used to though.  As for the service, our waiter basically sucked and seemed to have airs about him.  He spent most of the time talking in the corner with his friends.  My coffee was never refilled and it took us forever to get our check.  Then it took at least another 10-15 minutes for him to pick it up so he can run our credit card.  We don't usually ask much of our waiters and usually tip very well.  But this was rediculous!  He failed to realize that every minute of his inattentiveness was decreasing his tip.  But maybe the service is better on the outside patio.  We were just too hungry to wait for a table there.  It was immediate seating inside.  Still, a huge dissapointment all around.  Definitely not worth it when there are so many other places to eat on the strip.
4	I came here with my cousins and friends for my cousin's bachelorette dinner last weekend.  I ordered the prime rib special, which was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and was huge enough for me to have over 2 meals!  I also got the onion soup, which is supposed to be their best soup, but it was just a bit salty for me.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy it though.  My cousins had the seafood platter, which came with fresh lobster, oysters, shrimps, and tuna tartar.  It looked AMAZING! I only got to try the tuna tartar which was delicious, and my cousins were very happy with their choice of the seafood platter.The server was also very accommodating to our group of 12 ladies, and even brought out a complimentary dessert for the bride-to-be.
5	The fillWe got the fillet mignon with butter and the oysters for my birthday dinner. I loved LOVED the oysters. I live in San Diego where we can get fresh oysters easily - and I thought these were supremely fresh. It was a treat eating every single one of them. The fillet mignon was delicious. It was marinated well and had a hint of vietnamese flavor to it I felt like. I also liked how everyone got a baguette with butter before starting their meal. Is it just me or is the butter delicious here as well? YUM. And I could not have thought of a better way to celebrate a birthday =)
4	Sat out on the patio to eat al fresco style. It was a great lunch we had, sipping rose champagne while eating our food. I ordered the croque monsieur. The bread was perfectly buttered and grilled with the ham/bechamel sauce/gruyere cheese. I've wanted to try one of these sandwiches for a while and had to take the opportunity to order one. The french fry/potato chip hybrid potatoes were yummy! It was perfectly crispy and thin all at the same time. Too bad more places don't offer this on their menu. I just wish the staff would have opened up the umbrellas, but supposedly it was a little too breezy. It had been several years since I'd eaten here and it was just as good as I remembered it. Can't wait to come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Went to Vegas for my birthday weekend and this was one of many places we went in between the gambling. The service here was excellent, food quality was awesome.
5	By far my wife's favorite restaurant in town.  The French onion soup is out of this world and the skate fish entree is terrific.  Steaks are great and service is top notch.  This place is expensive so we do not get to eat here often but when we do it is always worth the money.
5	Best omelets I've ever had.  Great coffee.  Friendly staff.  Sidewalk is nice until it gets hot, of course.
4	Best French Onion soup I've ever had!!The bread at the beginning of the meal was delicious!We sat at the edge of the terrace on the inside of the restaurant, but still had a good view of the strip and people-watching. We stopped by Monday and easily got a reservation for 7:30 Tues night for 2.Steak was delicious in the herb butter, but the fries were more like potato chips, wasn't as big a fan. The steak was pretty big and I was full though, so I didn't eat a lot of them. Probably my only complaint.Sangria was good and they had Sam Adams for my husband. Really enjoyed our dinner!
2	Maybe I came on a bad day, but service was not up to par in comparison to all the other strip restaurants. The best part I could say I had was probably the complimentary baguette that was given in the beginning of our dinner. Our server took a while, but we were patient. I saw a sandwich from afar and asked her what kind it is and where one could find it on the menu. We missed the lunch menu but she said she would make an exception for me and order it. Turns out, it was a steak sandwich and I didn't feel like eating steak and asked for chicken instead. Grilled chicken breast with brie cheese and tangy granny smith apples. Sounds great right? It should be! Problem was, I had too much bread going on in my sandwich. Or not enough filler in between my bread. My eating companion got the classic steak and frites. He has had his fair share of French cuisine and stated he definitely had better, but it was decent. All in all, not sure if I would come back here next time I visit Vegas.
4	Great food for the price.I had the roast chicken since I wasn't hungry enough for steak.  Good, not great. Cook perfectly!French Onion soup was so-so.Steaks are cut thin so dont expect anything thick and juicy but the flavors were great (sample from friends).The Liver mousse and event he free carrot salad for the bread was great!  Don't fill up on the bread as its very hard to stop eating it!
5	Best restaurant in Las Vegas.  Period.  The service is amazing.  The food is wonderful.  "Classic Quiche Lorraine" is a french dish with simple ingredients, Eggs, Bacon & Onion, but i have to say "It's the best thing i ate in Vegas".  Dont forget to make reservation.  Anyway, if you live or visit Vegas, you don't want to miss this awesome restaurant.
5	Whenever I come to Vegas I make sure to block out at least one day during lunch time to head to Mon Ami. Their croque monsieur is to die for and their french fries...yum! For dessert, I would pretty much select anything off of the menu. Everything is delicious. The ambiance just can't be beat either. I've been to Paris before and even though this is smack dab in the middle of the Vegas Strip, I still feel like I'm back in France when I come here. I prefer to sit out on the patio (yes, even during the blazing summer) but you have to get there early and line up if you want your pick of seats (or make a reservation for later on in the day) But trust me, it's worth it. The staff is always incredibly nice and attentive too. Definitely "as good as it gets!"
5	Lovely.Onion soup was the best I've ever had. Not too salty or lack of flavor. Perfect.Escargot was actually quite delicious. It looks awful but definitely tastes better than it looks.Scallops were heavenly. Rib eye was succulent.Wine was beautiful, especially the Beaujolais.Service was wonderful. They even gave us a small cream puff ice cream dessert for our anniversary.Definitely make a reservation to avoid the very long wait time because this seems like a hot spot for large groups.
3	Fantastic lunch spot with friends or your loved one. We were seated partly on the border of inside/outside the patio which was comfortable temperature wise with the a/c and outdoor desert heat. Their onion soup could of been hotter and arrived lukewarm at our table which made it difficult for the cheese on top to melt. Other than that, it was good and not too salty. The steak and frittes weren't very memorable nor was the crab cake. The view of the Bellagio fountains and people watching made up for the lunch quality.
4	Came here for dinner before my boyfriend and I went to see the Cirque Du Soleil show Mystere. I had looked at the menu earlier in the day and there were quite a few things that I was interested in, however we had eaten a larger lunch than we had anticipated and ended up just getting appetizers. Anyways, I got the Endive & Bleu Cheese salad--it was SO delicious! It is very simple; endive, bleu cheese, arugula, and grapes with a very light vinaigrette dressing. In the past the endive I have had has been slightly bitter, but this was just perfect! Also, the bleu cheese was pretty mild (which I prefer). Again, very simple but if you are looking for a salad before dinner I HIGHLY recommend it!My boyfriend got the french onion soup--it was alright, not the best I have had though. It wasn't horrible or anything, but I have made this type of soup before and I felt like mine was better! Oh well. Third thing we shared was the shrimp cocktail--with HUGE shrimp! Shrimp was good, so was the tartar sauce. Can't really mess it up too much..We tried the mojito as well (I was immediately drawn to it because it had St. Germain and Champagne in it..it was very good!) Their version of Sangria was delicious also.I guess this might not be the greatest review since we didn't really eat substantial food there lol, but I guess just try the salad, I swear it's amazing!
3	This was my first experience at Mon Ami and it was okay I must say. Yes, just okay.. The food was edible. Nothing to tell your friends about. Hostesses did not acknowledge my party of two. We decided to stop at the bar before being seated and she was a charm. Great conversation as well as delicious drinks. I recommend ordering the grape specialty cocktail! So we're seated and we get greeted by a wonderful Albanian server. She makes the experience better, we order, watch the beautiful view of the Bellagio Fountain Show, and end our visit. Overall as I said it was okay. I wouldn't come here again nor recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	ask for the patio seating so you can get a look at the bellagio fountains while stuffing yourself (trees are kinda blocking most of the views but it's nice to sit outside and be part of the strip during your dining experience.They served this amazing bread with pickled olive dish as I sat down which made me instantaneously happy.   Vegas tends to do that: they make you instantaneously happy or sad...and instantaneously broke (rarely rich).   Fries were unique and I really loved it (pretty addicting).  My ribeye was cooked more like a medium than medium rare and though it wasn't the best ribeye, it was good enough.not worth mentioning: not-so-great oysters and descent spinach/garlic dish .  Wait...I feel like I forget to mention something.  Oh yea, please treat yourself with their French Onion Soup and the white bread pudding!Wait can be long.  Make sure to have reservations.
4	After hearing my aunt recommend Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast, my family decided to make our way over there when we made yet another trip to Vegas.I was glad to have arrived there at 8am on a weekday and be seated immediately, since I read reviews stating that it can get pretty busy on the weekends. We were seated right by the entrance of the patio, so we still got a great view of the strip without suffering from the infamous Vegas heat. The restaurant has a great ambiance and really makes you feel like you're in Paris! Our waitress was very attentive, friendly, and helpful, too, which I always, ALWAYS appreciate.I read some reviews mentioning the waffles were supposed to be good, so I ended up ordering the blueberry waffles. You yelpers definitely have good taste because holy crap those waffles were GOOOOOOD! They were fresh, tasted homemade (even better because I can't make waffles like they do) with nice crispy edges and a crunchy/soft middle. I was super impressed with the blueberries they used because each one was nice and sweet, not a sour one in the bunch they poured over my waffles! The whipped cream tasted homemade, too, which really made the waffles that much more amazing, so good. Seriously. I could've eaten the whipped cream with a spoon. And lastly, the warm, blueberry syrup was TDF - perfect amount of sweetness!I can't wait to come back and try their Filet Mignon w/ Merlot Butter Sauce!
5	This place was soooo good that we ate here twice during our 3-day stay in Vegas. The first time we went, I was feeling guilty the entire day being so glutinous in Vegas that I ordered the Ahi tuna salad. It was good, but I immediately regretted my decision after I tried my husband's steak and frites.  The next day, we came back and we both ordered the steak and frittes. The steak was tender and the caramelized onion sauce complimented it really well. I usually order my steak medium, but since the steak was really thin, I had to order it medium rare to prevent them from overcooking it. The frites were really good, too! It's even better after it's been soaked in the au jus. It's also reasonably priced for being on the strip! We were able to sit outside and do some people watching while eating our delicious food.  - I'm drooling just thinking about their steak and frites... YUM!
5	There is not a better place to dine alfresco on the strip. All the hustle and bustle of the strip for your viewing pleasure and you can see the Bellagio fountain across the street.  Definitely ask to sit on the patio or atrium.  Only in Vegas could they air condition the outside patio!The food and ambiance are 5 stars, service can be spotty at times but never bad.  The Steak Frites is to die for. The salads are super fresh and delicious and the onion soup is out of this world. This is the kind of place that you can bring kids and not feel out of place wearing shorts and a t-shirt but still get 5 star food and ambiance.
5	I'm not sure if there's a better value for your money in Vegas. This was the best meal I've had in at least a year, and the total bill for two came out to under $100 (before tip, anyway).Just an excellent steakhouse with top notch service and quality in everything, from the cuts of meat to the sauces, the bread and even the French onion soup. I was shaking my head in disbelief at how good every bite was, and the bill was half of what I'd expect given the quality and service. Highest recommendation.
5	I've been meaning to write a review for this place for awhile now.. I've probably been here about four times? HIGHLY recommend this place. I feel like a lot of places in Vegas are overrated and overly-pretentious... but not this place! Best of all, I feel like it's the best bang for your buck! The service here is FANTASTIC. I've never been disappointed with anyone.. starting with the hostess, to the waiter/waitresses. Everyone is super friendly and very attentive! You can't make a reservation to sit in the patio, but this last time around, we came here at 6:30pm (for party of 2) with a normal reservation. We just ended up waiting 15 minutes to sit at the patio (they do not take reservations for the patio) so that we can watch the Bellagio fountain show! Sitting in the patio can be quite romantic and cute! :) I've gotten the steak here a bunch of times which is always good. This last time around, had the seafood platter for two (lobster, shrimp, oysters, tuna tartar).. especially on a hot day, I'd highly recommend it! The tuna tartar was VERY good. The only thing I did not like food-wise from my experience so far.. was their chilled soup of the day. I forget exactly what it's called, but something with almonds and grapes? NOT good. For the appetizer - I've also had the chilled gazpacho with avocado.. THAT was delicious! (and good during the summer time)Overall - I'd highly recommend! Great food, great service.. and won't burn a hole in your wallet ;)
5	Amazing, delicious!  We were in Vegas for 4 days and went to this restaurant 4 times!Warm Chicken and Brie sandwich for lunch is delicious!Scallops dinner entree is also amazing. Service is top notch. By far the best service and food at reasonable prices in all of Vegas!
4	SCALLOPS(suggestion from waiter): Excellent.FILET MIGNON WITH MERLOT BUTTER: AhhhmazingBONE-IN RIBEYE: Ahhhmazing again.Boyfriend and I came here for our 5 year anniversary on July 4th with a reservation that I made on yelp. Our waiter was really informative (like naming everything on the menu - not to lie, I lost him after "I'm your waiter for the night"). Long story short, it was a BEAUTIFUL dinner!! The waiter suggested the scallops and it was a great choice! The filet mignon was really tender and the bone-in ribeye was like the size of my face (no joke and it was really REALLy good with the berenaise). The waiter was cool and attentive but after we got our entrees, he totally ignored us (minus a star). BUT our drinks were always full because of the other guy, who was really nice. I would definitely eat here again. Mouth is watering as we speak . -____-
5	Was pleasantly surprised.  Was not expecting such an awesome event.   We arrived at noon.  We did not want outdoor seating as it was 107 already.  We were pleasantly seated in the porch area.  We got a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountain show.I order the tuna salad, which is prepared rare - perfect - with all the ingredients of a nicoisse. My hubby got the full order of mussels and a side of fries.  The mussels, oh my the mussels.  The sauce was amazing.  They brought out fresh bread and we just loved to dip it in the sauce.  Can we talk the fries?  If this is true french fries then I am going to need to go to France and just eat fries all day long.  They were fantastic.  The two meals were a total of $35.  Incredibly good lunch.Excellent service.
5	We eat here everytime we visit Vegas, at least twice a year. The service is always excellent and we always enjoy a bottle of wine on the patio watching the Bellagio fountain show. I ALWAYS get the lemon chicken ... its amazing. We have never had a disappointing expeirance here.
4	Good food, good sangria, and a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountain!  My lunch at Mon Ami Gabi was simple and delicious, and I found myself staring at other tables' food as well.  I had a salad and the crab cake appetizer and my friend said her summer tomato and avocado salad was perfect.  Plus, they had nice misters to save us from the heat!
4	Great dinner for a decent Vegas price. Crab cake was pretty good but the grape and almond soup de jour was delicious and different.
3	I ate here late night after an up night of gambling.  I ordered the following:Filet MignonSeafood PlatterSkate WingFrench Onion soupThe steak didnt have much flava, even though it was cooked pretty nicely.  That means the meat was not AAAAA+, so veer away from that one.The seafood platter was impressive.  It came with an entire lobster, oysters, shrimp, seaweed salad and tuna tartare.  The lobster doesn't come cracked, so prepare to get dirty.  This dish was $$$ but the lobster is def worth it.  My girl and her mommy loved the tuna tartare with big chunks of Ahi and Avo combo!Sting ray you say?!  Aye mateeeee!  Def get this one.  The texture is like a more tender version of scallops.French onion soup.  This one was in alot of the reviews and it was good.  Heavy on the cheese, and a hint of sweetness from the onions.  But $8 for a small bowl of soup?!  Better get lucky from the tables games then.
4	Spent a week in Vegas and had three breakfast's here. Service is very good, especially for Vegas in the morning.The corned beef hash is extraordinary and they make the corned beef in house, large succulent chunks of meat not the mush typically found in other restaurants.Egg white and turkey omelet was great too (for an egg white omelet)Last breakfast there I had the brie and mushroom omelet, it was fantastic! My wife had the french toast which consisted of huge slices (2"+ thick) of Mon Ami's, made in house, brioche and blueberry coulis other than the sugar high that wore off a couple hours later this was easily the best french toast either of us had ever had.The only downside of Mon Ami, other than the location 1,500 miles from me, is that it makes homemade breakfast seem pitiful in comparison.
4	Ate at Mon Ami Gabi for Dinner. I made the reservation via Yelp/Open Table. We had:Carafe of "Frangria": sweet, refreshing french version of sangriaBaked Cheese: it was okay. tangy tomato sauce with a soft baked cheese in the middle served with a baguette baked with butter and herbs. It was alright, but should've stuck with the french onion soup.Bordelaise Steak and Frites: Thin steak that was perfectly prepared medium as requested. Frites were fresh and crispy. Bone-in Rib Eye and Frites: Flavorful and tender 22oz steak served with a side of Bernaise sauce. I didn't need the sauce since the steak was so flavorful. Frites were delicious and addicting.Our dining experience was great. Service was helpful however "quiet. Sorry, no dessert as we were stuffed. I recommend that you try sitting on the patio for the people watching action. Vegas never ceases to amaze with stupid human behavior. Watch the Bellagio water show on the patio too.
4	Everyone in your party must be present before you can be seated. Luckily, they don't have some odd policy about showing up late for a reservation.I already liked the place as soon as I walked in... a candle at every table created a relatively peaceful environment as opposed to the noisy and busy Las Vegas lifestyle.I started off with soup du jour (soup of the day) which was chilled potato soup with bread crumbs. It did not suit my taste at all. I had 1/3 spoonful and that was the end of it. I feel terrible for wasting food like that, but I couldn't stand it, and I'm even a huge fan of potato-related food!For my entree, I ordered Sea Scallops, and I must say it was delicious. It was a plate of 5 or 6 pieces of baked scallops in veloute sauce, mushrooms, and asparagus. Though the portion was quite small, I enjoyed every bite.Unfortunately my friends didn't have a very wonderful time with their steak orders, two of which were Steak Au Poivre and Bearnaise. On the bright side, those orders came with their signature hand-cut fries. And man oh man, those were crisp, chew, and addicting!Also, we had a pretty nice view of the Bellagio fountain!
4	I sort of hate to admit that one of my absolute favorite places to eat in Vegas and someplace we eat at at least once or twice each trip is a hotel restaurant, but the food is just plain awesome!  Breakfast s great and the people watching, if you sit outside, is the best show in town. What can be more fun than eggs at 7:30 am while watching the wrecked people stumble by that haven't been to bed yet.
5	So, so good! Do not miss a chance to eat here - you will not be disappointed! We came through Vegas on a road trip and had breakfast, and it was so amazing, we had to eat here on the way back! Everything was fresh, presented beautifully, and absolutely delicious. Things we ordered: Eggs Benedict, Big Skinny Pancakes (Cinnamon), Blueberry French Toast, Eggs Florentine, Bacon egg and cheese Crepes, sides of bacon and fruit,  Smoked salmon plate, Cinnamon Bun, and Apple Crumb Coffee Cake (over two visits and 6 people! ). EVERYTHING was absolutely delicious. We were all swooning over the cinnamon pancakes (really crepes), they had a crust like creme brule, oh my. The bacon was SO good, crispy and flavorful, just totally thick, flat and savory. You bacon lovers know what I'm talking about! The coffee was fantastic, the wonderful server kept my cup full, SUCH good service! She even gave me a slip to request recipes from the chef, wow! It was above and beyond. We sat indoors because of the heat, but the windows are large and they keep the big doors open with the air on, so you still have the benefit of terrace seating without the disadvantages . While a bit pricey for 6, (and an 18% gratuity is charged for parties of 5 or more ), it was a worthwhile spluge! SO SO GOOD!
5	This is my favorite restaurant on the Strip. Sure it looks gimmicky because it's right in the middle and has a gorgeous patio view that overlooks the Bellagio fountain, but location aside, the food and service here are fantastic. I've been here for dinner and lunch. The dinner I don't remember much of due to the great bottle of wine my friend and I shared, but I do remember we were sitting on the outside patio and it does feel a little bit crammed in there. The meal made up for it- I know I had some kinda steak with bearnaise sauce that was to-die-for. During my most recent Vegas trip I had lunch: a croque madame (fried egg on top of an open faced hot ham and gruyere cheese sandwich) and French onion soup. The croque madame was perfect and in a much larger portion than I expected. It comes with a side of pomme frites. The French onion soup was nothing special but I'm a sucker for anything with gruyere cheese so I still enjoyed it even though the soup inside was a bit cold. They also include a fresh baguette with your meal. So all of that plus a glass of their sangria called "Frangria" and I was set for the rest of the day. Je t'aime Mon Ami Gabi!
4	Went there with a party of 13 and the service and food was excellent.  This is an excellent choice for a mid-priced meal in Vegas.  Call ahead though they were telling people at the door 45 - 60 minute wait times.
4	Thanks to birthday girl this was a nice spot to enjoy a nice evening talking about random things not meant for the dinner table! Haha.. good times! Nice view of that fountain across the street weeee...I thought we're in a drought? Great for people watching if you're sitting in the patio. We sat inside, but it was still kinda hot. We all had a bite of the dishes we ordered... I really enjoyed my flattened herb chicken breast and salad. Mmmm butter! I also liked the filet mignon...soft and tender...Yes...order a bottle of wine to go with your meal. You might as well if you're going to have more than one glass!
3	Food: 4Service: 3Ambiance: 3Food: This place has really great french onion soup and I love french onion soup.  Not the best ive had, but its damn close.  My fiance had a burger, it was ok and the steak and frites I had was decent enough.  Recommendation: French Onion soup, Carrot salad (complimentary)Service: Our waiter that night was friendly and helpful.Ambiance: Standard for a restaurant of that caliber.  Last words:  Would come back for the soup.
4	If you're like me who would rather not dine buffet-style and who detests waiting in long lines for a table in a restaurant, Mon Ami Gabi provides an excellent alternative for food when you're in Vegas. Compared to the long line at the buffet in Paris Vegas inside the building, Mon Ami Gabi had tables immediately available when I visited over Fourth of July weekend. Seating on the porch was great to catch the fountain shows in the afternoon at Bellagio right across from the street, and the mist on the porch helped keep the temperature down even though tables were outside while it was over 100 degrees in the city.
5	My girls and I felt like we were on the scenes of "Sex and the City" as we sat, chat, sipped on some mimosas, and ate brunch outdoors of Mon Ami Gabi. The staff here is very professional and provides great service and personal opinions of what dishes are good. I asked about the Chocolate-Bacon Waffle ($11.95), and the server highly recommended it and was one of her favorites. So that's what I got. Who cares if the combination sounds funny? The mix of sweet and salty flavor was superb. My girlfriends thought it was interesting too and was skeptical to try my dish, but when one was brave enough and thought it was good, the others followed and decided to give it a shot. Well aren't they glad they did.
5	On a hot day in vegas, you would think sitting outside would be a bad idea right?  It's actually pretty cool outside. You also get a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains right across the restaurant! The inside is so dim...you can't really see your food.. but I guess it's okay if you're on a date it could be "romantic".Service is great. Food is delicious. Price is reasonable. More details on food later.
4	Love it!! Great scenery (right across from the Bellagio Fountains). We literally watched about 3-4 shows from the Fountain while having lunch. I definitely recommend the onion soup and the salmon. The salmon was so good! The sauce was interestingly tasty! Service was okay. There was no wait when we went at around 2:30pm. It's a cute place to have lunch. It is located in Paris Hotel. To finish off lunch/dinner, go get the eiffel tower drink if you haven't tried it already!
5	Had a great happy hour cocktail and some wonderful starters. I highly recommend the smoked salmon with creme fraiche, red onion and capers. I also really enjoyed the butter lettuce and apple salad! It had a great combination of roasted beets (not usually a fan of, but they pulled it off) with goat cheese and an apple cider vinagrette!  Food, ambiance and service was fantastic...as usual!!!
4	Was here for a conference and LOVED the ambiance in here. Patio and cozy, breezy experience was great for breakfast. I especially appreciated the great service and well made breakfast that I had. Not usually in Vegas but next time I come, I'll be here for dinner.
5	Went here during June when it was 100+ degrees outside and they sat us outside. It was hot but we had a nice view of the water show at Bellagio. I ordered their eggs benedict. It was really good and I would order it again. The bread is sourdough and a little hard to cut through with a fork and knife. It's easier to pick it up and bite in to it until you get about halfway when it falls apart. The hollandaise sauce was super good too!
4	I had a $25 lettuce entertain you gift card so I brought it with me to Las Vegas and had a very pricey breakfast, but ... no complaints, it was good.We got seated right away outside, it was still reasonably comfortable enough to eat outside in July in Las Vegas.  We were told the specials, I opted for one of them - a fancy eggs benedict and apple juice, which was a lighter color as it was REAL apple juice, not the kind from a machine or bottle.  We also started our meal with a blackberry bran muffin which was super yummy.
4	Nice place to have brunch, we had reservations for 2pm and we were seated promptly. I would say we all made very good decisions when ordering, I had the Salmon salad which was delicious! My friends ordered cheddar burger, brie burger, and the smoked salmon. Wish we could have tried their breakfast though. Everything is fairly priced. We did not experience the worse service by our waiter Jose, nor the most attentive either, as in a couple of occasions we had to look around for Jose so he could bring our missing items/orders to the table; but he got a break from us as he was very patient when taking our order and suggesting a few menu items. If it wasn't because we all had a bad hangover I'm sure we all would have taken advantage of the bloody Mary bar/buffet. The restaurant however does not have a restroom, instead you have to exit the restaurant and go to the casino in search of a restroom, not cool! specially when all you do is wash your hands, I cannot imagine an emergency...
5	Ate here with the boys on our trip to Vegas last weekend. Changed our 7pm reservation to 8:30 with no trouble (via Open Table). Waited at the bar for less then 2-3 minutes while they prepped our table. For the price, the food was unreal. Us Kansas boys know a good steak when we see it, and the filet & hanger cuts we ordered were cooked perfectly (love that merlot butter too!) and were the perfect portion. Waitress was very friendly & helpful with wine & appetizer suggestions. Were there around 2 hours total, and were never given the feeling of us needing to be rushed out of there. Highly recommended! Great date or group spot for dinner.
5	Mon Ami is a wonderful French bistro serving a great selection of French salads, soups, steaks, and seafood.  I make sure to have one meal here every time I'm in Vegas, and here are my favorites:Sea Scallops Gratinee- One of the best scallop appetizers I've ever had, this is a wonderful way to start your meal.  Make sure you have enough baguette to mop up the wonderful onion/fennel marmelade.Mussels Mariniere- Fresh, plump mussels served in a tasty white wine, parsley, and cream...again, more bread please!Steak Bordelaise- A london broil cut of beef should not taste this good...Mon Ami does wonderful things with their steaks!  Carmelized onion with red wine, and a pounded down london broil with hand cut frites.  The frites are nice and crispy, but this cut of beef is the star of the show.  Yes, you can pay $100 for a nice dry-aged rib eye at a high-end steakhouse, but you'll be just as satisfied paying $25 for this work of art.  Good prices, good service, consistently great food...Mon Ami is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.
4	Went here for a little bit of a nicer dinner, but still on The Strip. Nothing too fancy, just a decent steak for a reasonable price. I had some cheese to start and a glass of wine with their magnificent bread. My dining companion had the French onion soup, which she loved.We both had the steak frites, me with the red wine sauce and she had the bleu cheese sauce. Hers was better than mine and I'm not even a bleu fan! Huge portions for a really good price. Lots of frites, very yummy. Would return.The inside of the restaurant was very cute, make a reservation, though, because it gets packed. You cannot reserve an outside table, those are on first-come-first-served basis and are the hot property in Vegas at night because you can water the Bellagio water fountain show, though I'd imagine every 15 minutes during your meal that it would be annoying...
5	One word to describe on experience here is YUM! I came here once before with a group of friends and thought that the food was just okay here but this time around I thought the food was great! I made a reservation through open table thank goodness because Saturday night they were actually turning away walk-in! I mention it was my bf and dad's birthday so that's probably why they sat us at a table with a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains. I had the filet mignon and the bf had the rib eye omg it was so tender and flavorful... probably because of the TONS of butter they used. My dad had the trout and my mom had the scallops, both were cooked perfectly! I really wanted to give this place 5 starts but service was sort of slow... probably because the waiter knew he was going to get his 20% gratuity because they automatically add gratuity for parties of 5 or more.  I would rather give the busboy the  gratuity since he was checking up on us more than our actual waiter.
4	Had my first meal in Vegas here and omg was it a delight. We opted to dine in their open patio, in 100+ heat lol. I was fine since we were seated underneath a table with a canopy. I ordered a glass of Rose and it accompanied my BLT tartine, a French style open faced sandwich perfectly. The bread was perfectly toasted and buttered.  The lettuce, tomatoes and avocado was so fresh and crisp and such a nice light meal in the Vegas heat. But i must share with you that although my meal was light and perfect for a lunch the bf ordered their mussel in cream sauce and OMG i almost had foodgasm. The flavor of the cream sauce was so rich but it did not overpower the taste of the mussel, and the mussel was sweet and tender, not rubbery or stiff.  I am still debating if that was onion in the cream sauce or sauerkraut because the texture and taste was sour but crisp and with onion once its cooked down it does not hold a crisp texture plus it tends to taste sweet not tart.  Anywho i cannot wait to visit this eatery again and i shall hunt down a French recipe for mussel in cream sauce.
5	What a delightful surprise we got at Mon Ami Gabi!!! I had some of the most scrumptious French toast I have ever had the pleasure of eating! Brent had an omelette that was, well, there's no other word but perfect! They also bring out tasty bread and homemade jams while you wait. The coffee is amazing. The ambiance, the wait staff, everything about this place was thoroughly enjoyable. I'm only sorry we didn't have a chance to return to this fabulous spot during our trip to have dinner. We will be back the very first chance we get!
4	I have two favorite steakhouses in Las Vegas. This is one and the other is a green building that I wont mention next to MGM Grand.Mon Ami Gabi really shines in the steaks that are served with something. I can't recall exactly what it was but I believe it was the blue cheese. The wine list here is pretty good and most of the reds compliment the steaks very well. We had a large party of 10 for a bachelor pad and the seated us quickly (without reservations) and the service was spot on.The view is nice and romantic for couples. Inside is more where the family action is at. I always look to this as one of my defaults if I do know want to search for food. How can you go wrong with the potatoe frites and a great fillet and a red wine?
4	With a girlfriend of mine, went here twice on our vacay to Vegas and absolutely loved it. The first night, before heading out for the night, we got dressed up and decided to have a fancy dinner. Their fresh, warm baguettes are AMAZING. We both had the French Onion soup and shared a bottle of their house Chardonnay. The soup was soooooo delicious. Burnt cheese is always delicious. Brothy and full of flavor, I don't think I've ever had a better French onion soup. Their wine was yummy, but we are not wine connoisseurs, so we could really have cared less- just wanted to catch a buzz. Our waitress wasn't the greatest. A little slow and seems disinterested in our table. The second time, we grabbed lunch. Baguette was a little hard, but still tasty. My friend got the soup again and I swear it tasted EVEN better than the night before. I had the Shrimp Cocktail and it was delish. Jumbo shrimp were served on ice with a really yummy cocktail sauce with fresh garlic on top. So good! Much better service this time around.
4	Oui oui, I am a fan. Lunch reservations at Mon Ami Gabi with an excellent seating area, we were in between the outdoor and indoor area (near the bar) with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio Water show. Quite hungover and sleepy, I was still able to enjoy the lunch. Started with fresh warm baguette and butter. I chose the warm chicken and brie sandwich. It was amazing, the apple slices add a fresh crunch and sweetness to the sandwich. I sampled one of my friend's onion soup which was AMAZING! If ever I am back in Vegas, I'd love to come and try this restaurant again.
5	Review is for BREAKFAST.I wanted quiche for breakfast and we just happened to be near this restaurant.  Since it was French I figured they'd serve decent quiche.  Decent?  Hell yeah!  It was the best Quiche Lorraine I have EVER had!  Creamy, flavorful, and a crust to die for!  I've been around a few years so I know my quiche.  My husband had the Ham & Cheese Omelette - holy cow - another creamy winner!  The white toast is really their amazing rustic french bread - wow.. deelish!  We were seated within 5 minutes at 10:30am on a Sunday with a view of the Bellagio fountains to entertain us while we dined.  The menu says the OJ is "fresh squeezed" but it's really not squeezed from an orange just before you get it.  It's Tropicana-like "fresh squeezed" ... clearly a difference.  We liked our breakfast so much that we went back two days later.  I had the Spinach & Green Vegetable omelette (fab!) and my husband had the Corned Beef Hash w poached eggs (VERY flavorful!).  I got the Hashed Browns that time and was pleasantly surprised to discover beautiful caramelized onions mixed in.  Oh so flavorful.Coffee - some of the best my husband's had.Service - outstandingAmbiance - terrificStrip Location - on the strip, facing the Bellagio fountains at Paris.Price - incredibly reasonable!  No different than what you'd pay at a decent breakfast chain (NOT Denny's, but more like a Mimi's Cafe).We will be back!
5	Best people watching spot in Las Vegas! This place is more than just a place to eat...sitting outside on the terrace is must! They do not take reservations for outside seating so get there a little early. It is definitely worth the wait. You look directly at The Bellagio Fountains and you get a first hand look at all the people walking by (man can you see some interesting people). The food is great (affordable too), they have an extensive wine list, and the service is superior. What more can you ask for? Have a glass of wine and enjoy!
4	If you're looking to get breakfast on the Strip, I'd recommend this place.While it's a little pricey (it is on the Strip after all), it's still cheaper getting breakfast here than a lot of comparable lunches nearby.I recommend the blueberry French toast.  Delish!  The crepes with chicken, apple, and cheese were good, too, but not nearly as much as the French toast.
5	It's been a year (almost to the day) since we ate here, and the memory still stands as being really amazing. It was our first anniversary and we were in Vegas for a week. We had made reservations at this restaurant in advance to ensure a nice anniversary dinner before we had tickets for the Blue Man Group. We're young (25 at the time) and that can often make a fancy restaurant turn it's nose up and not offer much help. This was nothing like that!We came in dressed for our night, and were sat quickly. The waiter was nice, offered up specials and was ready to serve. We picked a wine, food and everything was amazing. The steak, was so well cooked, you didn't need a knife. We were suggested bananas foster as a great dessert to share and enjoyed it together. The bill was high, but well worth it, and the waiter enjoyed a good tip from us. Really enjoyed it, and would go back in a heartbeat if we are in the city again.
4	My wife and I were in town with her sister and her sister's husband for the weekend and upon doing some Yelp research it seemed like this restaurant was the most reviewed restaurant with a 4+ star score and two dollar signs.  Definitely a must try.We made reservations for 7:30pm on Friday night.  It was a good move because the place was packed and there was a long wait for walk-ins.  Make reservations!  There is a patio outside that is heavily air conditioned and provides a view to the Bellagio fountains (albeit with some trees in the way) and LV Blvd.  Even in the heat of Summer, the A/C makes sitting out there reasonable.  It's pretty crazy.The inside is pretty large and has a dim, romantic vibe to it.  Classy but not stuffy.  It was bustling with activity and somewhat cozy with the tables.  We were seated a little late because the place was so packed and they were running behind.When we sat we got some wine and ordered.  Ultimately, we ordered the filet mignon done three ways (standard, au poivre, and with blue cheese) and a chicken dish.  My advice: stick to the steak.  I can't speak to the normal steak, but the filets were excellent.  Well prepared, super tender, excellent flavor, and reasonably filling at 8oz portions.  Very good for $32.  The chicken, on the other hand, was disappointing to my sister-in-law's husband.The dishes come with either frites, which are basically thinly sliced french fries made crispy, or mashed potatoes.  The frites are good but not amazing.  The mashed potatoes are really good, though.  The mac 'n cheese is also pretty good.  Creme brulee was so so.Summary: Get reservations.  Get the filet mignon, or maybe the standard steak.  Don't bother with anything else.  Mashed potatoes are great.  Frites are ok (if you like crispy, then they are more than ok).  Very reasonable for the quality and taste of everything.  Not a cheap dinner, but a good one for the package.  Would definitely come back again.
1	This is NOT a French restaurant, my darlings. This is a fake interpretation of a French restaurant. The escargots were in a watery, non-garlicy, overly parselied bath. You do NOT change the time-honored traditional recipe for escargots. When I mentioned this to the waiter, he said that the Chef likes to put his own spin on traditional recipes. YIKES!  They have no business calling it a French restaurant if they're going to mess with recipes that are 100s of years old and classic. The Steak Bordelaise was passable, but the Bordelaise was NOT authentically done. The frites were absolutely NOT done French style; they were potato chips. Well, what can you expect? It's Las Vegas where everything is a pale imitation and a fake reproduction of the real thing. Sigh.
5	Best breakfast/brunch I had in Vegas.  The waiters were incredibly attentive and great at guessing what you want to drink when you're a bit hungover & jet-lagged.  I recommend bacon waffles with an extra bacon explosion side, like our waiter said "you only live once".  In addition to the delicious food and wonderful service, this place won me over fully when our waiter made a mycology joke.
5	As close to Paris as you can get while still on US soil. Simply delightful, all the way around - from the lovely view of the strip to the damn delicious food.It became a trend for me to order multiple items off the menu when we had breakfast, so I could sample each one (probably should have stuck to buffets, since I'm so indecisive). I had the croissant sandwich and blueberry french toasts, and ate bits of both. I was in breakfast heaven. Seriously, I couldn't have asked for a better meal! I'll definitely be back on future trips.
5	Top ten restaurants I've ever eaten at.  You have to eat on the patio.  Make a reservation a head of time or you will wait long long time.  My wife and I were seated smack dab in the middle of the patio over looking las vegas blvd and the Bellagio fountain.  Atmosphere including the people watching was mind blowing.  This is one of few if not the only patio restaurant located right on the strip.  We ate there before the sun went down and saw it all happen before are eyes.  The sun fell behind the Bellagio, the lights came on, the freaks came out!   As far as the food goes it was top notch freaking mouth watering goodness.  Each byte of my steak was orgasmic!  I can't thank Joe (Friend/Waiter) for making the reservation for my wife and I enough.  FREAKING UNBELIEVABLE!  OH!One little side story to tell. Before we sat down my wife and I had been standing at the outside patio for about 25 minutes.  We were getting a little tired from being on our feet.  The best table on the patio becomes free.  I think in my head that would be great to be seated there but at this point lets just get a table!  Then all of a sudden this business type tycoon dude comes strolling in with his business partner and just sits smack down at that table I was eyeballing.  They didn't even get seated from an employee.  I thought right away this dude is either an owner or knows someone.  A few moments later our buzzer goes off.  We then go back to the front of the restaurant to be seated back on the patio.  We actually wait another 5 minutes and then all of a sudden I see the business tycoon and his partner being told they must stand in line.  I chuckle to myself and tell my wife what I witnessed.  Finally a woman comes up to us and says allow me to take you to your seat.  We follow her back through the restaurant out to the patio.  The lady turns to me and says we have a really good table for you and your wife.  I turn to my wife as were walking and regurgitate what the lady says and roll my eyes.  We walk back out to the patio and low and behold we get seated at the table that business dude just got booted from.  I felt like we were high rollers!   My wife and I sat down, kissed, and smiled at one another and then proceeded to have a two hour meal of our lives.
4	I have always wanted to come here (after being skillfully taught some elementary French)... And after many years of it being on my list I finally made my way here! I checked in through yelp to make a reservation and asked for a table on the patio in the shade... I was reluctant that this would work.... But technology has come far:) So, my date and I walked in through the entrance of the Paris and I thought we were under-dressed!! The ambiance was very sexy and classy... And we were in t-shirt and jeans. Luckily, as yelp says, it is a casual wear restaurant, do not be fooled by its embellishments! We got a table outside and were promptly given water. Our waitress seemed unimpressed with us and made some rare and slow appearances. Aside from the service we enjoyed the food. I got the warm chicken and brie, and I understand why it is so popular on yelp. It's a thin flavorful fillet of chicken paired with melty, creamy brie... The thin apple strips and sauteed onions bring sweetness and complement the chicken and brie. My date got the steak frites with peppercorn sauce and was very satisfied with his dish. I was confused with the frites... Not what I was expecting... But to each his own. The frites are perfect for those who like their French fries extra crispy! All in all, I enjoyed the experience. The patio wasn't uncomfortable despite the warm summer sun thanks to the shade and the misters! The food is not overpriced and I hope to be back.... Hopefully at night, with a straight view of the Bellagio fountains.
5	An excellent choice when dining in las vegas. With a beautiful view of the bellagio foutains, and tender and flavorful steak-frites on your plate, I don't know a better place to be. This is why I go to vegas. Also for dessert, try the banana's foster. This dessert is lethal. Rich vanilla ice cream wrapped in a crepe and topped with fresh bananas. Great
5	Thanks for my fellow Yelpers, I tried this place and was so pleased!  The food, service, and the view is exceptional!  We came for breakfast, and I am NOT a breakfast  person!  Nothing on the menu sounded good!  And I'm not usually a picky eater!   I went w/ the waiter's recommendation for the Corned Beef w pouched eggs!  I don't even think I like corned beef....until now! Very tender and flavorful!  My hubby got the French Blueberry toast b/c we over heard some old lady raving about it outside the restuarant!  I have never enjoyed French Toast b/c it's usually way too sweet for me! But I MUST SAY! OMG!  Their French Toast is to die for!  It was not too sweet and the blueberry syrup and fresh blueberries were amazing!  So amazing that we had to come back for it the next morning!  Oh their coffee and OJ is very very good too!I would like to try their dinner menu next time! Cuz if they can blow me away w/ breakfast and I don't even enjoy breakfast, I am pretty damn sure they will make my tastebuds have lil seizures for their yummy dinner! Or so I hope! Till then....Oh! great view of the Belliago Fountains! Great tip!  For breakfast, ask to be seated INSIDE!  You will still get amazing veiws of the fountains but w/out the heat!  We got seated at the open door way so we get the AC, coverage from the sun & gusts, and gorgeous views of the fountain show!  Totally 'WINNING" status!
4	We didn't have plans to dine at Mon Ami Gabi on this night. We were gonna eat somewhere downtown, but it was scary and we headed back to Paris. I ran back to the room to drop off our box of Dunkin Donuts, and my husband grabbed a table. The wait for the outdoor seats was 90 minutes, so he just nabbed a seat inside.Our waiter was very sweet, making a few jokes after I finally showed up. The fresh, crusty bread came with this cherry tomato/corn salad thing that was delicious. I had the half chicken & frites, while the husband had the chicken paillard. My chicken was very herby, and the chicken skin (my favorite part) was nicely crisped. The husband loved the paillard. He got a side of macaroni gratin, which he loved, but I wasn't that crazy about it. Even our glasses of Roy Rogers tasted better than most places.My only real gripe is that it was a little too dark inside. I know it was all about the ambiance, but I still wanted to see where I was cutting my chicken.Going by all the reviews, it sounds like we'll have to try their breakfast.
3	This is one of the first popular Yelp places I've been disappointed with. Hopefully the loud foul mouthed guy at the next table wasn't one of you. First you can't see the fountains across the street unless you can get a coveted patio table. And the inside is quite loud. Our server was nice but would disappear for long stretches. The tables were small and cleared too infrequently. As for the food, my husband and I both enjoyed our steaks. He had the hanger and I had the filet. He liked the pommes frites served on the side, while I would rather have had some other potato entree. They seemed like cheap filler for the plate to me. Skip the country pate (bland) and the cheese plate was uninteresting and the slices quite small. My son's French onion soup was presented beautifully but lacked the salty velvety texture of a good French onion. We had a few cocktails too. A standout was a good stout "french manhattan". Desserts were average as well. My favorite was my husband's profiteroles while the table liked the bananas foster. But I thought the crepes were gummy. Not a repeat!
5	I'm drooling just thinking about the food to write in the review.Mimosa: delicious OJ to champagne ratioBreakfast: Corned beef cooked to perfection with light poached eggs on top. Divine. Hash browns mixed with caramelized onions on the side, hot and melts in your mouth leaving you craving for more. Toast came with jelly and whipper butter...mmmm!!!Plus, we ate outside with a view of the Bellagio fountain. Perfect, relaxing, romantic, and unforgettable breakfast.
2	Read the reviews and was intrigued. WAnted to go someplace nice but not over the top. Made reservations for 9 on a Saturday night. Arrived to a small line. Told her about our reservation. She robotically told us to go to the other line. Once I was in the fro.nt of the second line, another hostess gave me one of those square light filled waiting thing. Felt kinda like chili's. All hostesses seemed overworked and none really smiled. It seemed they were all overwhelmed students doing this for the first time.  eventually a hostess led us to our table. Asked her how her day went and she said it was busy. I thought to myself, but it's sat in Vegas. Is this something new?Upon entering, you see well decorated interior. Everything in the place screams Paris sophistication. Dimly lit amber chandeliers hang from the vaulted ceilings. Decorative windows w colored cutouts. Marble tables. The place looks like a million bucks. Decor is a comfortable elegance. Everything is beautiful yet approachable. Perfect for a romantic dinner.I ordered the special of the night, prime rib served w potatoes au gratin and sting beans. CJ ordered the seafood platter. A combination of lobster, oysters, shrimp, tuna tartar and seaweed salad. Food came relatively quickly. Was all as expected. Taste was ok. 3/5. Which was a little disappointing considering the ambiance. Platter was also $24/person minimum 2. Considering, it was very little food for the price. Was more ice than anything else.Wait staff was also peculiar. Waiter walks by. Makes eye contact. Then continues walking by. 10 minutes later he turns out to be the waiter. Now at chili's a chain restaurant, they would have typically said "I'll be right back", or otherwise indicate they were our waiter.  He was cordial and informative though. Food as said came out as ordered. But minutes later he is refilling our water. After a round or two, a bus boy finally starts refilling our water and removing plates. Overall the feel is poor staff training and disorganization. This place has one of the best locations across from the Bellagio fountains.Overall, great ambiance but food and service like a national chain restaurant. A shame because this place could be so much more. save yourself money and have drinks or dessert here
5	Came here for dinner with a few friends. AMAZING food. Great view of the strip. Outdoor seating is simply magnificent. Wine list is extensive and well selected.  Service was best in Vegas.. usually everyone knows your gonna go there and waste money so they are rude but, the Mon Ami Gabi staff was attentive and very respectful.Make reservations for sure.
5	Came here for dinner on a saturday night. It was AMAZING. Do make reservations because there are a ton of people waiting for a table. Their food is A+ . Had the escargot, not too garlicy & not to plain, was delicious. Also tried the peppercorn steak with mash, also delicious. Get reservations & try it out. Its worth it
4	Oh so delicious! Reservations a must, even if you have to wait in a crazy line to be seated!!. We requested seating on the patio and were seated immediately at 8pm. The cool air from the restaurant was perfect to deflect the heat of the night! The fountains of Bellagio and the people on the sidewalk made for a perfect night. Our waiter was very stern faced, no smile but very informative and attentive. Our bus person was smiling and and great with water service and brought a complimentary appetizer and some bread. Our table had had a mishap prior to our seating and not all the spilled water had been cleaned up. Sitting in it was unpleasant and NOT being offered something to dry with by the waiter was unpleasant but thankfully the night air took care of that quickly! Salmon was good, a bit salty but the pea sauce was YUM YUM YUM! Burger with Blue cheese was tasty good. Wine and cocktails very good. Overall the atmosphere is what makes this sooo special. At the end of the evening, our waiter brought the bill and along with it an EAR TO EAR GRIN!
3	Over-priced food? I rather have gone to "The Olive Garden," lol. The bread was awesome, steak was okay. Our waitress was overly nice to the point of fakeness. I had great companies though! Overall, I give it 3 stars. :)
5	I'll start off by saying this was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. I'll get the small "negative" about this dinner out of the way. As some people have mentioned, the hostess, reservation setup was not very friendly. They were almost robotic like, saying to go into the other line. Not the greatest first impression, but don't let that spoil the rest of the restaurant. This is one of the first times that we were called up to be seated at the exact time of our reservation.We were sat right by the Bellagio fountain view, it was perfect, and the temperature couldn't have been better. I had asked for this view when making the reservation, so make sure to do that. The waiter came by, and was very nice and helpful. I ordered the Rib Eye, and my girlfriend ordered one of the other steaks. I had the French onion to start, it wasn't fantastic, but not too bad. Steaks were amazing, perfectly cooked Medium rare.I had told the wait staff ahead of time that it was my girlfriends birthday, and they brought her out a birthday cream puff, which was amazing and a very nice surprise for her. We also ordered the banana's foster crepe, and that was one of the most delicious crepe/deserts I have ever had. We got to see the fountain show, had an amazing time, and the temperature was fantastic given the 103 degree weather outside. I would completely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	My wife and I ate here this past weekend, and we were very impressed. The service was prompt and courteous. Our server was very helpful pairing wines with our meals. The food was very tasty and came to the table timely. Our view was excellent, looking out to the Bellagio fountains during performances. My only issues were that I wish we had saved room for dessert and getting seated took a while despite our arrival 5 mins prior to our reservation time. All in all, it was an excellent experience, and I would happily go back for a meal.
4	So hard including this name "Mon Ami Gabi" in our conversationFrustrated friend: "Augh I don' t know, the Gabi thing in front!!"Came here because1) Right in front of our hotel2) They specialize in slabs of cow :)***I was very set on ordering the filet mignon with merlot butter once I skimmed the Yelp reviews and was told by our waitress that it was Mon Ami Gabi's house special.By the way, we had the most thorough and humble waitress. She didn't constantly check on us, but made sure that the our food was delivered as ordered. She noticed that my girlfriend's cesar salad was dressed when she clearly said "dressing on the side," but my friend insisted it was okay. At the end, the waitress apologized as we got a free ice cream profiterole with hazelnut chocolate sauce. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=DVi5g-v4i81TzV_X5owU2g ..APOLOGY ACCEPTED!!I would say the filet mignon was too legit (to quit), I know why they're known for it. It seemed to be cooked medium at first upon the sides, but later realized that toward the center it was medium rare as I requested. I expected the size to be "petit" but it was big enough for me to feel guilty for leaving some behind. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=zxQGjORGM_oGCDJZX0IYNgI wish they had better sides than the frites, they reminded me of chips. I prefer something creamier, less oily & fried things for my steak sides (heh).Everyone else enjoyed their meal, and everyone was entertained/distracted by our friend trying to slice our table's loaf of house bread. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=Z6_9c7qeqRbbY2VQX3im4g Gabi est mon ami!
4	The Las Vegas version of a Chicago classic.  It's one of our Vegas favorites for several reasons.  Well located in the Paris, great view of the Bellagio fountains and a well priced menu.  Lately, we've been stopping in for lunch.  I LOVE the chicken sandwich with brie, apples and carmelized onions.  Great place to have a glass of champagne, relax and take in the people watching.
5	We went there for breakfast and frankly I can't complain about anything! We were really there for the ambiance and requested to seat outside to see the Bellagio fountains as we dined. We were able to see one of the fountain shows but full disclosure: you can't really hear the music as well, or almost at all for that matter. It was a little crowded but nothing out of control. We ordered omelets and mimosas and to our surprise the food was amazing, granted we were also very hungry. For Paris, it was very reasonably priced.  Service was a little slow and some of the servers did look a little hurried but we didn't let that stop us from enjoying our vacation, the great view, and good food.
1	Do not come here for breakfast. The waffles were overcooked; they were crunchy. The quiche was okay. It was seers with some greens but I wouldn't call it a salad because there was no dressing. I would not return here for breakfast. Great view of Bellagio though.
5	We were back in Vegas 3 weeks after our first trip and we went again.  French toast was terrific as was everything else.  The waitress says the OJ is fresh squeezed, just pulp free, so I'll believe her.  You really won't be dissappointed for breakfast. Go!
5	I was on a Vegas business trip and found good reviews of this place on yelp. Even on a Monday night they had over an hour wait, but I was able to get immediately seated at the bar as a solo diner. I had great service from the busy but efficient bartender. I really liked the grand marnier infused manhattan - a strong drink with just a touch of sweetness - very good. For dinner I had the pork medallions based on a recomendation. I was welcomed with the chef's carrot slaw and warm bread. The dinner was beautifully presented and delicious! The pork melted in your mouth and had a very flavorful wine sauce and was accompanied by an equally delicious stuffed tomatoe. The dinner was very reasonably priced. I almost ate there again on night 2, and went someplace with higher prices and not as good of a meal - so now I wish I had returned!
4	This seafood bistro is certainly conveniently-placed, and if the people dining al fresco seem insane (since Las Vegas is on the surface of the Sun), there's plenty of seating inside, and the interior is beautiful.Poor:Green beans side (bits of garlic, no particular taste, waxy texture)Fair:Onion soup (sweet, lightly flavored)Frites (somewhere between a potato chip and a fry; didn't like)Peppercorn burger (burger ok, sauce weak, bun uninteresting)Good:Glass of "Frangria" (ok, 3 of them; liked the grapes inside)Crab and Gouda-stuffed salmon with a mustard creme fraiche (the cream really doesn't taste of mustard; don't let it dissuade you)Great:Gluten-free toast and warmed olives (courtesy of our waitress, learning that we needed a gluten-free menu)The service (see above -- generous, prompt, glasses refilled or replaced quickly)Appearance -- I like the classic looks of the place (inside)If I went back, I know the food would be good, and I'd have eliminated some things I now know they don't do to my taste. This place is traditional and classy, and with that being pretty rare in the vicinity, that's what I'd go back for.
5	We came here for breakfast. Everything was fresh and delicious. The coffee was good as well. Overall, this was a fabulous place for breakfast with a wonderful atmosphere.
5	Went here for my Birthday dinner after I found out they offer a Gluten Free Menu.  Seriously, one of the best meals I have had since entertaining a GF diet seven years ago.  Truely an amazing experience.  French Martinis on the patio are preferred, but every table is a good one.  If you aren't a local, or if it's the middle of summer, the patio may be a bit harsh until the sun drops behind the Bellagio, but the view is worth it if you can stand the heat.  The service is consistent and more than competent.  You can count on an amazing experience any time you come.
4	I was here July 5th. The chocolate chip and bacon waffle was so good I am trying to find a substitute here in Los Angeles. The patio overlooks the strip and is great for observing the activity on the street. Our waiter was very nice.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is located in Paris hotel (visible on the Vegas strip).  I've passed by it numerous times but never gotten a chance to try it until my friend hosted my Bridal Shower Brunch here.  We were seated on the patio which had an atrium feel.  It was very romantic.  With our large party, our server was so on task and efficient.  He  was probably the best server I've ever had-- incredibly attentive and nice.  I decided to order my go to dish- Eggs Benedict.  There is nothing better than breaking that yolk into the hollandaise sauce and soaking it up with the English muffin and ham.  I had to deduct a star because my English muffin was hard as a rock.  It was probably sitting on the hot plate for too long and got stale as it was waiting.  Other than that, the poached egg and sauce was great.  I also tried my friend's savory crepe and skinny pancakes.  They were both very good.  The entire restaurant was so nice and accommodating to our party.  It probably helps that you were going to be a bride very soon.  But nonetheless, I really enjoyed the food, ambiance, and company.
5	Oh my! I absolutely LOVE this place! Thanks to a fellow yelper, I made sure i had lunch here and I'm glad I did! Everything is so fresh and delicious. Oh!! ANDDDDD they have the BEST espresso I've ever tasted.(This is coming from a coffee addict....fyi)Service is top notch and it's not crazy expensive. I have officially found my "usual lunch spot" in Vegas!
2	Ummmm Pretty sure I have food poisoning.  We ate here today for the first time. The bread was rock hard and gave me a huge stomach ache.  I ordered some chicken dish for $18 which was worth about $4.95.  It was completely pounded out  to like the size of a phone book and less than a half inch thick.  In fact so was the steak. Very unpleasing to the eye, and the taste of everything was just all over LAMe-o.  Will not be going back.
5	Located inside Paris. Great atmosphere, experienced wait staff, and amazing food. Make sure to get a item off the "Steak and Frites" section of the menu. My filet was cooked perfectly to what I ordered. Also, try out the "Duck Confit;" a nice dip into French cuisine. Overall, the best meal I had in Vegas.
4	3.8. I'm a little indifferent about Mon Ami Gabi. I've been here twice. Once for lunch, and another for dinner. Lunch: Sat outdoors. Great view of the strip, enjoyed the nice weather and crazy "Las Vegans". The Egg Benedict was delicious, so I wouldn't recommend coming here to cure your hangover. Enjoy your lunch. Dinner: I came here about a month ago, and sat indoors. It's a little bit more intimate, however, the service was definitely not up to PAR this time around. The waitress kept cutting us off...uhmm.... RUDE!!! I say, if we want to order a la carte, let us!!! Escargot: must try. Raw Oysters: yum yum, slurp slurp. Filet Mignon: I ordered medium rare, but it came out medium. Still good. Frites: I prefer Mcdonald's french fries. Food was great. Service could improve.
5	I had two trips out to Vegas planned for July, the first was with my husband, daughter and my parents and the second was with my college sorority sisters. The trips were back to back weekends and Mon Ami Gabi was one of the highlights of both trips!  The first week we were able to get seats on the outdoor patio, the Bellagio fountains make for an excellent table side distraction when at a restaurant with an excited 4 year old. I was a little underwhelmed by my Steak Bordelaise, but everyone else RAVED about their steaks. The Frites and Escargot were excellent.The second week with my girlfriends the wait for an outside table was 2 hours and we opted out of that, however they seated us on the inside where we could still see the fountains and amazingly the 28 year old women were as enthralled with them as the 4 year old had been the week before. This time I got the Steak Bernaise and it was so good! All the ladies loved their steaks as well, and for the price it really can't be beat. We each got an entree, plus 2 veggie sides, 2 apps and 2 bottles of wine to share at the table and our per/person cost was only $53, including tip. Can't be beat!
4	Love this place. Been there two times, each for dinner. Service is not great but the food is! Ask to sit by the windows so you can enjoy the fountains! AND there are 2 bars, go sit at the one towards the fountains near the front rather than the one at the hostess station.
5	It would have been difficult to top this evening's experience at Mon Ami Gabi's. Being one who considers service to be nearly as important as the food itself, we were effectively SPOILED by our server, Chris (#93 -- ask about the numbers). The gluten-free menu was extensive, including French onion soup!! The guys ordered the sea bass (special), my friend ordered the salmon, & I ordered the chicken liver pate. We all loved our selections. The view of the water show at the Bellagio was great, especially after sunset. Chris topped off the great food and authentic French ambiance with gracious and extremely competent service. Bravo!! We'll be back. :)
5	Bearable weather and temps? Look for the first come first serve seating on the patio! Was out there this past weekend and in the evening...it was still maybe 95-99'f. Misters on...it was still nice to sit outside! Service was actually GREAT! Look for Gabriel as your go to waiter if you're sitting out there. The French food is absolutely yummy! First time escargot eater here. It wasn't that bad, put it over the French bread. Love the steaks, wine, VIEWs of the Vegas dressed up ladies! :) I'll definitely be back for dinner! I would get a bit dressed up for this place but then again they have a big touristy clientele.
5	This is my favorite sit-down restaurant in Vegas and it's French! I've eaten here every single Vegas trip minus one. And during that one I definitely tried to eat there with my friends but unfortunately we didn't plan ahead for this one.  It is hard to get in here without reservation, so plan ahead! You'll be fine with at least 2 week advance reservations. I LOVE the location because I always request to sit on the patio so I can watch Bellagio's water shows. They usually have a light mist on the patio to keep you cool during the hot summer. The inside of the restaurant looks nice as well, though it does get sort of loud.On to the food: I never miss out on their filet mignon with merlot butter. I can safely say it is the best filet mignon I've had yet because of its merlot butter. I haven't found this sauce anywhere else so I praise its uniqueness. The filet mignon just melts in your mouth. Add a glass of merlot or cabernet and you have a blissful dinner listening to opera music from across the street. Their spread for their bread is just delicious! It changes up but it's always unique and refreshing. I remember distinctly a sweet carrot sort of spread. yum. I miss the merlot butter filet mignon so much that I've tried recreating it at home. I found a good recipe on Food Network and successfully attempted it. However it will never replace my whole great experience at Mon Ami.
4	Came here for a romantic dinner with the BF, sat inside because we had a reservation and didn't want to wait, and loved it!We knew from the get go we wanted to get the seafood platter (meant to share) and we decided to get a couple of appetizers.  We narrowed it down and asked the waitress to help us decide.  We ended up going for:1. Seafood platter - lobster, oysters, and shrimp.  It only came with 4 oysters I think, but everything tasted wonderful.  Shrimps were huge! Lobster was such a treat.2. Baked cheese - just... awesome.  Never had anything like it.3. Chicken liver mouse (think pate) - good!  loved the little breads, olives, and pickles that came with it.  All highly recommended. It was plenty for two people, we even took some home.  Baked cheese for breakfast ftw.  I love how they give you a baguette and butter too.  Service was great.Oh, and seeing the couple get engaged near us was also very cute!  I definitely want to go back and try the fish and steak next time!
5	Great place for breakfast on the strip. Excellent service, food, infrastructure, and view.The blueberry waffles were perfect and came with a nice serving of fresh whipped cream. The coffee was perfect and topped off frequently.
5	AHHHH!!!! wanted to see what this was all about and... man! im a foodie.. and so is my friend that went with me here.... we were def amazed!!!!service- awesome! food- LOVEEEEEd it! escargot was freaking delishhhhhhiousss, and so was the mussels, potato chips (okay), and oysters were all very good. since we came just to do appetizers i cant comment on the steak, but by the taste of the appetizers I WANNA GO BACK!!!!even though i usually stay in my hotel and eat food there due to comps... this place will get me out of the wynn.. just to eat their escargot... especially :Pmy mouth is watering from thinking about the fooooooooood
5	Was in Vegas for my birthday and decided to eat at Mon Ami Gabi after seeing it on Yelp!  I was not disappointed to say the least.  We arrived a tad late for our reservation but we were seated immediately not always the case in vegas on Friday night.  Despite everyone saying we "had" to sit on the patio and watch the fountains the idea of watching sweaty drunks walking bye was not appealing so we opted instead for a table inside.  Inside the restaurant Mon Ami Gabi has some how managed to offer intimacy within the constant noise that is vegas, a quality I enjoyed.  I had a perfectly done Rib eye steak and veggies, I know its boring but I'm on a special diet.  My wife had the fillet which she raved about.  Overall Mon Ami Gabi offers Gourmet food for a modest amount a must if you re in Las Vegas.  And dont forget breakfast its awesome one word: Mimosa
4	Sat outside at the patio during dinner. The weather was perfect and we enjoyed the fountain show of the Bellagio. We were quickly seated and offered some complementary bread and orzo salad. It was delicious. The brother, sister, and I all enjoyed our burgers. The meat was cooked perfectly and the fries were as good as I remembered them from last year. My mom is a HUGE oyster's fan. She ordered a dozen oysters and finished them before I could finish half of my burger. She ordered another half dozen which were out very quick. To say she loved them is an understatement. Dad ordered a steak, I'm not sure which. But he seemed to really like it. The waitress was very fun and friendly. She seemed to be having a good day or something. Nonetheless, the siblings and I loved her. My dad (very Mexican) asked another waiter (who was Mexican) for recommendations. This waiter was also very nice and friendly.
5	DELICIOUS! Amazing food with an incredible view of the Ballagio fountains, not much else to say about the place. The food was outstanding and the service impeccable. Try the escargot and the steak frites!
4	I would ABSOLUTELY eat here again. FOOD - 4.5 StarsWent with a group and had...Ham & Cheese CrepeWarm Chicken and Brie SandwichPrime Steak Sandwich - Don't expect too much steak. It's a nearly 4:1 bread: filling ratio. But the flavor and tenderness of the steak  were excellent. 2 Cheeseburgers (one with Blue cheese) - Both cooked with premium beef and cooked as requested. Everything was excellent. All sandwiches came with the hand-cut frites. (Though I prefer regular fries, these were tasty for what they were)SERVICE - 4 StarsOur server was very friendly and did his job of pushing some new vodka they were carrying on us. (Having worked in the food industry, I understand that they have to do this. But no one really likes it.) But he forgot to bring out first course salad we requested. They resolved the issue beautifully - apologized and comped it. (Good service is about doing right by your customers) SCENERY - 5 StarsOne of the best spots to eat outside in Vegas. Outdoors patio is cooled with a refreshing water mist. It's located right across from the Bellagio fountains and right in the heart of the strip. So plenty to see and discuss in a cool (in temperature) atmosphere.
4	Hubby and I have been long-time fans of Mon Ami Gabi.  And we'll be forever grateful for that one New Year Eve when naive me and friends neglected to make reservations for dinner.  We initially rejected MAG's $99 prix fixe deal but then went crawling back after calling place after place, demanding upwards of $1,000 PER PERSON.Mon Ami Gabi rewarded our patronage with front-row seats to the Bellagio fountain show under comfortable heaters (keep in mind this was winter time!) on the patio.  The food was seriously plentiful and delicious.  I will never forget the escargot - it was simply to die for.Our most recent visit was last month.  Yes, our table was not in the ideal location (in the bar area) and we were seated next to a table of ignorant early 20's, probably having a first meal in a French restaurant (one guy told our waiter the French onion soup wasn't what he expected.  Really?  Because they do it real and delicious here.)Must haves: Baked cheese...downside - they don't give you nearly enough bread; scallop entree - you get FIVE large sea scallops (which is 2 more than most other places) which were perfectly seasoned and cooked and of course, their steak....I asked for the bearnaise sauce with my ribeye but in the end, hardly used any of it.  My steak was perfectly cooked and the leftover half of it tasted just as good (though a bit cooler) later that night.Service was...interesting.  Very attentive but maybe a little smarmy.  Our waiter was French.  How original...a French server (with a French name) in a French restaurant.  Our table took bets on whether his accent was real or not.  Surprisingly, everyone thought it was fake!  None of us had the balls to really ask but it was entertaining and quite fun. He was a very nice gentleman and I would love to have him serve us again though I can't remember his name...Claude??Mon Ami Gabi was our first love in Las Vegas and it will always remain dear in our hearts.
5	Came here for brunch with a bachelor party.  We had reservations for 12 and were quickly seated.  The food was freaking amazing! I don't mind paying a premium when food taste this good. I had the egg Benedict. It was perfectly done with some of the freshest ingredients i've had.  I got a chance to try some of the other guys dishes and they were all equally as good. I am definitely going back here next time i visit Vegas.
4	Mmmm get the chicken liver pate.  Fantastic and so smooth.  The steak was also excellent.  Very tender and cooked deliciously.  The fries were a bit too salty for my tastes, honestly.  Tarte tatin for dessert was very rich.
5	It's all pretty simple: great food, great view, decent service, reasonably priced. Few things beat eating a steak right on the strip while watching the Bellagio water show.
3	Average Las Vegas priced restaurant . Good but nothing special.  House made potato chips were gooey and  the artichoke sauce was like salad dressing. Chopped salad had almost no chicken for the added charge and the popular salmon salad was decent but $18 and good well done salmon that was juicy but nothing special.
5	Mon Ami Gabi was such a wonderful experience. On my trip to Vegas, we decided to eat at this particular restaurant because it was relatively close to where we were staying at and we wanted to try French food that didn't cost an arm and a leg. We stopped in on the Saturday lunch rush, and the wait wasn't too long. The hostess was very friendly and courteous. We requested to sit out near the patio, where it was nice and sunny, yet air-conditioned and hostess had no problem with that request. For the appetizer my girlfriend and I ordered the escargot bourguignon and we decided to order some bloody marys that we could make at the bloody mary bar. The appetizers came in a timely fashion with a baguette. My girlfriend was kind of worried about eating snails because she has never had them before, but I told her that she wouldn't be disappointed. When the snails came out, the presentation was OK. I guess it was standard for that particular style of escargot. The snails were buttery, which is a good thing in my opinion! The basil sauce each snail came with was superb, perfect for dipping part of the bread into. The bloody marys consisted of top shelf alcohol, which we requested, and we were free to put whatever we wanted, which is expected at a do-it-yourself bloody mary bar. I wish it was an all you can drink bloody mary bar, but one can only wish... It was very good none-the less!Our entrees consisted of the mussels and gazpacho. The mussels were definitely good. The mussels were cooked perfectly, not rubbery or gritty that some lower end places tend to serve. The mussels were cooked in white wine and garlic, which is like pretty standard for mussels, but they where very large and meaty. What was especially good was that the white wine sauce tasted very good with the baguette that we got at the beginning of our lunch.For Vegas, the food was very reasonably priced, even with the top shelf alcohol bloody mary bar. This place was much better than the overpriced MGM Grand Buffet that barely passes at edible!
4	The filet was one of the best I've ever had and the muscles were the biggest I've ever seen!  All while sipping great wine and watching the fountains.  Divine!
3	the food was great from breakfast from crepes, eggs benedicts, steak and eggs. etc.. and champange breakfast. the service was so-so it took the server forever to refill waters and take our order but the staff was friendly over all and food was great and prices were reasonable
3	Fine dining in Vegas can be found pretty much everywhere, but this place was special for two reasons in my book: Flavor and the view! Now granted it was by luck that Bellagio's water show can be seen from the deck of this restaurant, but it sure makes for great dinner entertainment!  We went here at about 5 p.m. on a Friday afternoon to have dinner before seeing a show, and I was impressed and let down in places, hence the 3 stars. Photos attached to my review of our food, but we had two "house" salads, split a seared salmon with my girlfriend and my mother had a jumbo crab cake plate. The salmon came in a green sauce with peas, and I was BLOWN AWAY! I usually eat salmon at restaurants so I have had my fair share, and this version was brilliant, best I have had in a while. The "house salad" I had on the other hand was overly seasoned with little to no leafy greens (see photo)... And the kicker, for this 6 bite salad, or "Petite" salad as they called it, 7$!!! Also, I tried the jumbo crab cakes of my mothers and they were neither "jumbo" nor that flavorful. My girlfriend also had a drink with Stoli vodka which was 8$, and she asked for Sky...    Overall it was enjoyable, mostly from the view, my salmon and the company I ate with, but as I said in the beginning, fine dining in Vegas can be found pretty much anywhere, and considering the amount (or lack there of for 3 people) of food / drinks we had, cost $75, I would try somewhere else...
5	Planning a party for 20 people in Vegas is a nightmare.Mon Ami Gabi made planning the dinner part the easiest part of my weekend.  The space is amazing, the people are nice and the food was better than I could have ever expected.  Compared to most of the places in vegas, they were very accommodating, not super expensive, and again, NICE.We had a bit of everything, so I'd say try it all!!
5	Very unpretentious & inviting for a fine dining restaurant. Had breakfast here and it was exactly what I wanted to eat after a night of drinking and staying out late. The eggs were fresh and the hash browns tasted as if I were eating something healthy, like spinach! But I didn't have spinach, I had fried potatoes :) Didn't feel like I was going to fall over into a food coma, in fact I was energized and ready to walk the strip in the 105 degree heat & ready for another full day of sin! EXCELLENT service
4	came here on a sunday night for a friend's bday. we couldn't decide what to eat so we went on yelp to find restuarants. we narrowed the list down my the ratings and price range. came across Mon Ami Gabi inside Paris Hotel. 4 stars, a french rest, & with 2 dollar signs!  so we decided to check this place out.  Forgot to call in for reservations, always call in advance for reservations by the way (it's crowded!) we came in at 730pm, for a party of 8, we waited for 30 min which wasn't too bad. We were glad we chose the outside seating. the view was amazing. we had the table right in front of Belagio water show. very nice seating. Most of us ordered either the new york steak or filet mignon- my friends had no complaint of the food. I ordered the salmon with spinach and walnuts- amazing!  I asked the waitress do they have anything special for my friends' bday, towards the end, she brought out a plate of vanilla ice cream cake, free of charge too. The only thing I wasn't too fond of was that it seemed like they were rushing us out.  We got the table around 815, and left before 10p.  The price is extremely decent for the quality of food. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!
5	My favorite place to eat lunch in Las Vegas.  Love to sit outside and watch the fountain show while eating their fantastic french onion soup and drinking some sangaria.  Their french onion soup is by far the best I have ever had.  All the meals I have ordered there are fantastic, last time I ordered an open faced BLT and it  was great!   I frequent Las Vegas once a year, and I always make sure to eat there at least once.
5	Best meal I had in 5 days in Vegas!  Arrived at 8pm on a Sunday night without reservations.  Waited 45 minutes for a table inside, but it was well worth the wait.  We were seated at the front of the restaurant with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains - Amazing. We ordered the seafood platter (lobster, ahi tuna tar tare, jumbo prawns, oysters, seaweed salad) ($25), and some house "Frangria" ($4.50).  Both were delicious, and we felt it was very good value (for Vegas).  Wanted to try the creme brulee but they were sold out, so skipped dessert.  If I'm ever back, I will eat here again!
3	Great location and upscale bistro environment. Served great french bread and corn relish upon arrival. Had the stuffed pork chops with caramelized onions. Very tasty, albeit very small portion--- 3 slices. The salad was disappointing... unremarkable dressing and lack of presentation. The service was great... our waiter was attentive and informative. It's the cost ratio for me here... basic french... nothing mouth -tingling! If I wanted a steak, I would probably go elsewhere.
4	The steak here was very good and cooked perfectly. I love the fried potatoes that come with the meal. I think my favorite part was the bread and the foie gras! Would def come here again when i get the chance
5	Spectacular service and great food. Their filet migion was amazing and cooked EXACTLY how I wanted it. The bar also did a great job with my kettle tonic. If possible, seat yourself outside for a great view of the Bellagio water show.
5	Filet mignon w/ merlot butter (med. rare) was sooooo good.  it's a must-have.  you absolutely cannot go wrong with that choice.escargot was good too, don't forget to dip bread in the sauce :)try to get patio seating if possible, great views of bellagio fountain show.
4	Okay... I B Messi-can....and mexican food to me is just what i eat at  home...Very few places have great food...This is one of those places...LOVE this place... Great food, If you want good Food you won't be disappointed....
4	Came her for breakfast and was SUPER glad I made a reservation. The place was jam packed for a Sunday morning, obviously. It is a cute little quaint restaurant that really does remind you of being in France. I had their French toast which was amazingly good. The syrup wasn't too sweet but was savory. Everyone was really nice and, even though it was insanely crowded, we only had one huge issue that we just let go. When I am on the Strip again, I will definitely go back. Remember: MAKE RESERVATIONS.
4	I liked this place. Would I go back? maybe. To many choices to just go to one place in Vegas.The scallops were very good and the seared tuna salad was OK. Problem is I have had amazing seared ahi tuna salad so my judgment was probably impaired. For the price I was very happy, in this town especially on the strip you pay too much for crap. If you wondering were to go and you near go ahead and mozy on in you wont be disappointed.
5	I am addicted to the restaurant...I can't stay away from it whenever I visit Las Vegas!  I've been for breakfast and lunch and I LOVE it!  The Steak Frite Roquefort melts in your mouth and the Banana Crepe dessert is to die for!  There is a great view of the strip and the service is spectacular!  Definitely give it a try during a break from gamblijng...you'll be addicted too!
5	OMG great food I'm glad I read the reviews here before I went. Thank you to those for writing cool reviews of this place. Service is spot on. Went here for breakfast I was craving eggs benedict. My Boyfriend had ham and cheese omelet. Both dishes came out so awesome. Their fresh orange juice is so good as well. Asked for patio seating and got it beautiful views of the strip and front of the Bellagio Hotel. I will comeback here for dinner when I'm in town again.
5	Cant beat this place for breakfast. Everything was awesome, the food, the service and the view. Get there early for a good spot streetside. Oh, and try the French toast... Fabulous!
4	I ate here for breakfast, lunch and dinner throughout my week in Vegas.  Each meal was great.  Sat on patio at night for view of fountains and ate sea bass (so delicious).  For breakfast: had quiche, very creamy and delicious, great fresh squeezed orange juice, above average coffee.  Had crab salad for lunch also very good.  Overall I recommend this restaurant for any meal.  Service was consistently good, food was always above average and the ambiance is nice especially at night on the patio.
5	Wonderful food and splendid scenery. This was the best  meal I experienced while in Las Vegas.  I had the Skate Wing, and I can tell you it was perfect thanks to the garlic and lime in this dish.  It was so good I had to share it!  I also had the liver mousse which was delicious on toast.  The service was good and the view was great.  It was at the perfect time of the evening, at dusk when everything feels just right.  I watched the fountain show go off across the street and enjoyed a good date ;).  Absolutely lovely evening here, I will definitely return.
5	Some of the most delicious food here in Las Vegas!!! I went here for lunch with my boyfriend because he read some good reviews on it and it still exceeded all my expectations.We sat out on the patio, but were near the doors, so still felt very cool from the A/C ;) --I ordered the chicken and broccoli crepe (which I annoyingly asked for it light on the cheese sand this and that) and it came out perfect. My boyfriend ordered a steak (prime rib? I can't quite remember) sandwich which was probably one of the best we've ever eaten. It was soft and melted in your mouth. so good. The service was awesome as well. Our server was so kind and accommodating to all the annoying things I was asking for and was extremely good at knowing when we needed something without being asked. He clearly went above and beyond to give us great service.
4	Huge scallops, perfect sear, yummy veloute? Why not? My husband's pork was perfectly cooked though you must request medium rare--they tend towards medium well otherwise. Apps were nothing special: the warm brie was tasty, the country pate was nice, the duck confit leg was merely acceptable. But in this pricy town, Mon Ami Gabi is a rare thing--a mid range priced restaurant with good quality food. Back home, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant but in Vegas it is the Americana version of classic French Bistro without breaking the bank. Did I mention those big, juicy scallops? Gabi is definitely mon ami. Dude, even the name is super americanized--there should be an "e" at the end of ami if Gabi is female, non?
5	Amazing! No other way to describe it. Super duper yummy food, very well priced, with one of the best amazing views and locations of the strip and fantastic service. Everything is great in the menu, you cant go wrong. In a group of 6 girls we all ordered different things and loved our food, so my advise eat what you feel like having, it will be great!
5	Came here for a late dinner, and waited forever for patio seating, but it was definitely worth the wait. Sitting at the patio, we were in perfect view of the Bellagio and its Fountain show that came on every 15 min. Sooo picturesque and they had the ac blasting (which was probably a big waste of energy), but I was a a very comfortable temperature throughout the entire dinner, even though it was still in the high 80s at night. The baguettes they provide were very good: so warm and fresh and even the butter was super good. We ordered the chicken pate to start off and I didn't know what to expect, but it was really nice. Good texture and taste. I ordered the filet mignon with the merlot butter and I devoured it completely. My sister ordered the Hanger Steak and it was truly delicious as well. As for desserts, we got the creme brulee, which tasted like a normal creme brulee and the apple tart which was kind of weird. Their desserts are good, but nothing to freak out over.The service was great and it was overall an amazing dinner experience.
4	Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I mean we eat here at least 2-3 times each trip to Vegas. The service tends to be very attentive and the prices are not wallet busting unlike some of the other places around town. I would be hard pressed to say what may favorite meal is here- breakfast ,lunch or dinner. So I will include my favorites from each- for breakfast I like the breakfast specials- they usually have at least two -one sweet and one savory -a crepe with fruit or some sort of Eggs Benedict du jour for example. For lunch I love the croque monsieur- a french version of a grilled  ham and cheese sandwich but don't let the simplicity fool you it is TASTY. Dinner favorite is the roast chicken and frites. Nice view of the fountains at the Bellagio across the street if you get a seat on the patio, but unless you come at an off hour the waits can be long for seating anywhere in this place.
4	It was a very good here.  Location is second to none.  Sitting on the strip and eating is great.  Food was pretty good.  I would come back here again.  It was also cool to watch the Bellagio Fountains while eating dinner.
5	My new favorite restaurant in Vegas. Service is first-class fine dining without the overlly expensive prices. Our waiter and wait staff was amazing never leaving us for long and always making sure our drink glasses were full.I went with a group of 8 girls and our bills came to around $340 with tax and gratuity. We started off the evening with 2 carafes of the Frangia (a red wine sangria $20 each), 2 warm brie appetizers, I ordered the Sea Scallops for dinner with braised asparagus which was to die for (and only $22) some of the other courses were steaks, pasta, and salads. To finish off the night we all shared 3 desserts: a warm berry tart, creme brulee, and a ice cream puff trio. Be sure to call ahead and make a reservation or you will be waiting a long time.
5	YUM! Best French food I have in the states......love!
4	This is the restaurant right outside and connected to Paris hotel. 7 of us came here for lunch and there was no wait to sit outside in the cute French-inspired patio! Yay! It was great because there were misters to keep us cool in the heat, and we got a great view of the Bellagio water show across the street!First of all, the bread was reallyyyy good. My friends were ooh-ing and mmm-ing over how perfect it was. I'm not too huge of a bread fan but I do admit, they made that warm baguette just right! As for the entree, I tried the grilled salmon and spinach salad which also came with blueberries, walnuts, avocado, and citrus dressing. It was very fresh and delicious! I loved it! I also had a bite of my friend's chicken and brie and green apple sandwich which was also reallyyy yummy! We were in a hurry to get to Encore Beach Club by a certain time so we requested super fast service from our waiter, and sure enough, he delivered! Woot! Food came out within 10-15 minutes. Overall, we had a great experience here. I would love to dine here again!
1	This place is a chain and not worth the wait.  We had to wait forever even with a reservation.  The waiter took way too long to greet us, get drinks, take our food order, etc.  He wasn't even very friendly or helpful.  We told them when we made the reservation/checked in it was our anniversary and we were celebrating with them but they never said a word about it.  The food was ok but not worth the $24 for a flat steak and runny mashed potatoes.  The food was not French, the atmosphere screamed of Vegas strip and even though we made the reservation a month in advance, we were crammed between a birthday celebration and a bachelorette party.  Not exactly my idea of a romantic anniversary dinner.  If you don't mind being crammed inside a tiny lobby, being ignored and paying too much for mediocre food, eat here!
4	This "steak pommes frites"-style French bistro at the Paris Hotel Casino is a fairly typical bistro, made outstanding by the sidewalk view of the Bellagio fountain show, particularly stunning at night. Service was excellent, even though the bistro was packed, busy and noisy.
5	Whenever I'm able to go to Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi is a must. It's fantastic for lunch or dinner. Everything I've ordered has been out of this world amazing, whether it's a steak or a sandwich. My personal favourite is the Baked Cheese with marinara and herbs. AMAZING! Baked goat cheese with marinara and garlic bread. I love it so much I've tried making it at home (and whilst it's delicious), it's not nearly as good as the original. I've tried the Steak Roquefort, and the Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich. I really can't say enough good things about this restaurant. Everything is amazing! I do recommend a reservation, with plenty of time between dinner and your next event. I went there a few times before a show and wasn't able to eat because of a lack of time. Patio seating is fantastic, but be prepared to wait.
5	Oh mon ami! I wish I still spoke/remembered high school French! Or even better...I wished I was in France. Alas, Mon Ami Gabi will do. This petit French restaurant sitting outside - where else?!! - at the Paris Hotel!!! DUH!My friends and I made reservation thru Open Table and were seated at our reserved time. We were smack centered in the patio (half-way outside) facing the Bellagio's water show. I'm sure it's even more spectacular at night. If you prefer to dine here for dinner, do make reservations!!!Now to breakfast/brunch ...there's nothing better than eggs benedicts (YAY POACHED EGGS!!!) with crab...which is why I was SO HAPPY I went here for brunch. I LOVE crab benedicts, which seems to be a popular dish since one of my friend's ordered it too - what a copy cat! Although, I think it was best she ordered her own because honestly, I wouldn't want to share :). My other friend ordered the steak. It looked good, but he did not want to share either. After we gave the waiter our order, he complimented us that we had made a good choice and asked if we had been there before. Nope, Mon Ami Gabi virgins - we just Yelp a lot.Verdict: My Crab Egg Benedicts were YUM! Loved them! If it was served for dinner, i would still order it :)
4	The service was accommodating and patient. It was nice sitting in the sun out on the patio as you could watch the strip alive with people passing by.
5	When in Vegas, we stay at the Paris anyway, so it's no effort to get to MAG, but it's worth the effort regardless of where you're staying.Staurday morning, late breakfast........sitting just inside, away from the heat, but still with straight on view of the fountains at Bellagio.  Tammy, our kick ass server brings out bellinis straight away.   Actually, regarding the servers at MAG, we have always experienced over the top service.....those cats take their jobs seriously to give you an awesome experience even in a restaurant that is paacckkeedd......Now, to test Tammy further.....ordering off the menu for our favorite London Broil Eggs Benedict.....Tammy says, no problem!!!  Righteous!!!!Young couple behind us sat down after we got our meal and said, What's that???    Yep, he ordered it, too.I can't imagine a trip to Vegas without breakfast at MAG.......
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in town, magnificent.  Great food, the atmosphere is wonderful and if you sit outside you can listen and watch the water dance across at the Belagio!  A "must do" item on your list on your next Las Vegas visit.
5	Finally tried Mon Ami Gabi after so many great recommendations and it is my new favorite restaurant!!!!!! The food is unbelievable and the atmosphere is beautiful!!!! I had the hanger steak with Merlot butter sauce and it literally melted in my mouth! My fiancee and my friend had the salmon which was delicious also, and my friend and I shared the escargot which is something you must try if you never have before! I cannot say enough about this place and just talking about it makes my mouth water! Get to Mon Ami Gabi as soon as you can and I promise it will not disappoint!!!!!!
4	I came to Vegas with 3 of my friends, and we tried a bunch of restaurants. Our first stop was this place for breakfast.We ordered:Chocolate bacon waffleCroissant sandwich with turkeycinnamon pancakesbanana muffinpain de chocolatespinach and green vegetable omeletteThe cinnamon pancakes were the best out of everything we ordered. They looked more like an unfolded crepe. We all agreed to give this place 4 stars. Good service & good food!
4	This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas...and i try to go every time I visit!Not only is the food pretty good, but it's one of the only outdoor restaurants in Vegas, and the people watching cannot be beat!  This is the spot for delicious wine, oysters, and a good burger or steak frite.  The food is basic, but flavorful...and the service is always impeccable.  I've had most things are their menu, from crepes to burgers to salads to fish...and everything's been tasty.  They have an amazing wine by the glass list and lots of yummy cocktails (the French Martini is one to try!)...They also have perhaps the best bread and gooey butter anywhere outside of the real Paris.Definitely worth checking out for lunch or brunch, when they have an awesome Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar.  I haven't ever been for dinner, but I'm sure it would be great, too.
5	Went here for breakfast twice with my wife. We ordered 4 menu items (mushroom/Brie omelet, turkey/egg white omelet, French toast, chicken/apple/Brie crepe) wow! All were fantastic. Lots of choices for breakfast in Vegas, but we were very happy we chose this place for 2/3 breakfasts. Service was also excellent both times (2nd time a little better than the first) do yourself a favor and go here!
4	Came here for an anniversary dinner with my wife - decided to be a tourist for a night and enjoy the strip.  Started off with some cocktails (their french sangria was particularly notable as an interesting and simple choice).  Server was friendly, fellow long time local and Green Valley-ite.  All in all, food was good (enjoyed the Frisee salad the most), but, in my mind, nothing exceptional - 3 stars for food in my opinion (and I found things a bit pricey - but that is to be expected for a prime strip location run by a national restauranteur like Lettuce Entertain You - who needs to bring back Cafe Babareeba).  Extra star for the view (sat on the patio - only way to go here - between the misters and the setting of the sun - was quite tolerable on an August evening) and the quality of the people and strip-watching.
4	Came here for breakfast and the outdoor seating was packed!! We had to wait roughly 20 minutes for a table outside, but sitting outside was definitely worth it, considering that it was not hot and their AC blows out towards you, and it has a nice view. I got their spinach and green veggie omelette and it perfect. It came with toast, asparagus, and hash browns. The boy toy got the french onion soup and it very, very good too. He also ordered a Bloody Mary, which you can decide to make yourself or have them make it for you. He made it himself at their bloody mary bar. The bloody mary bar was very impressive with tons of things to choose from!!   Would definitely come back. Prices are cheap and the employees are nice.
4	My second time at Mon Ami and it was still delicious. The restaurant has a patio area and an indoor seating area and is located in front of Paris Hotel. What's beautiful about patio seating is the people-watching and the water show at the Bellagio Fountain. A great way to start your day if you're looking for a brunch venue.Some awesome things to check out:-THE BLOODY MARY BAR: I've never seen a more awesome bar in my life. I've never had a bloody Mary before but the bar in the corner makes me want to start! I never realized that there were so many things you can add to your bloody Mary!-The brunch menu: Lose all of your money on that last hand at the blackjack table? That's okay! Items on the menu are $12 or less and are all super delicious!! What's more? You get bottomless bread and butter and the portion sizes are decent! A great deal for this type of dining atmosphere.-Get a CARAFE of their red sangria. Though the first time they had citrus fruits and herbs in the carafe, they had split grapes in the carafe this time around--the alcohol-infused grapes are super delicious! It's definitely worth it if you come in a group of 4-6. The service is good and the food is great. Not bad for a place on the Las Vegas strip.
4	Went to Vegas with my parents as a final mini vacay before school starts. This time we went to Mon Ami Gabi for dinner to try the prominent Filet Mignon w/ merlot butter!We made a Tuesday, 7:30pm reservation, which I'm really glad we did because it was pretty crowded around that time. We were lucky enough to get a table inside, but by the opening where we could still watch Bellagio's water show.They give you a complimentary baguette with some type of seasoned radish/veggie thing on a separate plate. Interesting, but it wasn't anything that great IMO. The baguette was warm and fresh and the butter we slabbed on it made it a great starter to our dinner.Here's what we ordered that night:1. BUTTER LETTUCE & APPLE SALAD- Didn't try it, but my mom seemed to really like it.2. ONION SOUP AU GRATIN- So good, definitely one of the better french onion soups I've had. It wasn't too salty (which is a common issue most I've had) and the Gruyere cheese melted on top was divine.3. FRANGRIA- AKA 'French Sangria'. It was really good! I would get again and a glass of it is only $5.4. STEAK BEARNAISE- Tender, flavorful, good flavoring.5. FILET MIGNON W/ MERLOT BUTTER- Honestly the best filet mignon I've ever had. It's so tender that it melts in your mouth and that merlot butter sauce they put on it is godly. The frites were tasty and even better when they were sopping up the remaining merlot butter. MMMM!6. HANGER STEAK W/ MERLOT BUTTER- Tender and pretty similar tasting to the filet mignon (obv. because of the merlot butter). Honestly, I wouldn't mind just ordering this one since it tastes pretty much the same AND it's $20 (cheaper than the filet mignon).Their prices aren't that bad when you look at the ambiance and quality of the food and service. Very impressive once again!Tips/FYI's:- Make a reservation just to be safe!- Their patio seating has a beautiful view of the Bellagio water show, but you can't reserve a table there bc it's a first come, first serve basis :(- Since we went on a weekday, we noticed it wasn't very crowded around 8pm, so it might be easier to walk-in around that time?
5	Love this place! I must say that this is the best breakfast place I have ever been to!  The ambiance and location is fabulous! Located in the Paris hotel with outdoor sitting overlooking the strip facing the Bellagio's water show. I came here with 3 of our friends and we ordered all different things.My meal started off with their fabulous cappucino in a bowl. Super yummy! I ordered the french toast with blueberries and it was to DIE FOR! It was crispy and fluffy and was not too sweet. All the blueberries were all sweet and very juicy! I absolutely fell in love with my food! It was THE BEST french toast I have ever had in my life. Definitely one of those meals I will crave every time I am in Vegas. My friend ordered the corn beef hash and it was also so good! My other friends ordered the crab benedict with poached eggs and the other friend ordered the chocolate waffles with bacon which was also freaking delicious!!! We all loved our food so much and savored every bite. I can't say enough about how good the food is here! I am totally in love with this place!IF you are in Vegas please do yourself a favor and treat yourself to the best breakfast you will ever have in your life!Remember: Please call ahead for reservations because the outdoor sitting is always full. Enjoy!!!
4	Surprisingly good food quality that was very fresh.  Excellent view if you sit outside and I would consider returning again.  There are many more restaurants that I'd go to over this one that is more intimate and has better quality.  However, Vegas is replete with very disappointing dining - many are upscale and are gimmicky either in the food or in the "atmosphere" - what with moving walls, fire, etc.... anything to distract the fact that your food could be from a frozen dinner.  Not the case here at Mon Ami Gabi.The quality is not that bad and at times very good but I cannot imagine cooking for a half dozen restaurants out of a central kitchen and those masses of people and making it possible to consistently turn out excellent food.Overall, we loved the food and will return...
3	Their grilled pork tenderloin here is amazing--and I'm not even a fan of pork!  I recommend getting this dish while here. We were also able to get a table facing the Bellagio water show, which was awesome to view.
4	I had the strangest night at Mon Ami Gabi but the food was so good I had to change in the car after dinner because my clothes were too tight. Forreal forreal.So me and gf got seated next to some odd characters. On our left was a couple and it was clear the wife hated her life and wanted her husband to hate his too. One of those non-talking couples where it's so awkward you don't want to even say anything because you know they're listening. At one point the wife stuck her hand into her water cup, grabbed a bunch of ice cubes, and threw them on the table saying, 'there's too much damn ice.' WHO DOES THAT?! Eesh..hint to husband: DIVORCE IS THE ANSWER.On our right were two men in their mid-sixties who were a bit overly friendly. Right when I stuffed my mouth with bread they turned to ask about what we were eating. Can't I just open my mouth and show you? It was actually comforting to have pleasant people sitting next to us though with the ice queen on the other side but being constantly interrupted when I'm EATING is a Mari no-no.Gf and I spent the whole dinner trying to figure out if our waitress was a twin and if her sister worked there too, or if she was just one person. Different versions of our waitress would serve us- one with glasses, one without, one with a jacket, one without, and she'd change her hair too. We finally realized it was one person but gf swore she was doing it on purpose to mind f*** us.BUT ANYWAYYY.. the food. We decided go out straight after dinner and I had the bright idea of wearing a corset. I was cased up like a sausage..and still ordered the steak frites. Which was damn good, juicy and rare, even though I couldn't really breath. Bite, inhale, chew fast so I don't pass out. And their dirty martinis are smooth sailing. Our meal came out to about $90 something which is a little pricey but we got drinks so it's explainable. What I like about Mon Ami is that it's casual but still has that bistro charm.It was worth changing in the car into something roomier, flashing the strip as we drove by. Who says looking like I'm about to have a food baby at the club isn't sexy?!?!
4	Good food, great location, great service, great place to people watch. Located in the front of the Paris hotel. Outdoor dining is available which looks over the Strip and is across from Bellagio. Sugar Factory is next door. Seating is somewhat squished in though, and you have to trek through the casino to get to the bathroom, but oh well . Place is busy , so reservations would be a good idea. Parking avail at Paris garage.
4	This place was recommended to us by a frequent visitor to Vegas. We went for brunch one day, and this was the perfect place to nurse a hangover and to have a relaxing meal. We arrived relatively early (before noon on a week day) and so there weren't that many people. I got the onion soup and the brie chicken crepe, and my friend got a sandwich that also had brie in it. The sandwich came with fries. The onion soup was flavorful and sweet, and I enjoyed it a lot. I also liked my crepe, the flavor was light but it definitely filled me up. The portions were rather large so I couldn't even finish everything. I had a bite of my friend's sandwich and that was yummy also.
4	Vegas is known to have pricey steak dinners and it doesn't even include any side dish.  Mon Ami on the other hand  is affordable =)I took the BF here for a belated birthday dinner, made reservations thru Open Table and on the note part I had requested for patio table dining.  Call it being smart, I double checked with the restuarant the day of the dinner if they got my message and GUESS WHAT?!  I was told that even with the reservation, we need to come in 15-30 minutes earlier if we wanted guaranteed sitting out in the patio area.  What's the point of making a reservation if we had to do that?  I would've given this review a 5 stars if we didn't have to come in early.  We were able to sit outside and see the Bellagio Fountain show-- it's better to make your reservation at 8 P.M. if you want to wow effect.On to the good part, in my head I wanted to order us the hanger steak and the medallion steak but I ordered the wrong one.  Instead, both of us had the steak au poivre.  We were both super hungry and had an early start with the alcohol that I didn't catch it till after I ordered.  I'm glad we didn't order any appetizers because they give you free hot off the oven french bread with butter and an amuse bouche.  When the steaks came out it was humongous!  It was almost the size of the whole plate.  At first, I thought the size would be to thin but it wasn't.  The steak was super moist   but I wish there was more sauce to dip in.  The BF says that the frites were super addicting and it kinda reminded me of "Picnic" potato chips.  BTW, if you don't want the frites I think you can ask for mashed potato for an additional fee.For dessert, we had creme brulee and it was worth it.  Super smooth and love that burnt taste sugar!  We would definitely come back here again.
5	Definitely a place to check out if you're in Vegas!  Mon Ami Gabi is in the Paris Hotel and right across from the Bellagio fountains.  I went here with two of my friends for dinner.  I ordered a steak with merlot butter (their specialty sauce) and it came with frites.  It was absolutely delicious!!  The steak is "hammered" so it is flattened and it was so juicy and tender.  The Merlot butter?  Just as amazing as the waiter described.  Suggestions:  Make reservations before you go!I definitely want to go back and check out their breakfast and lunch menu!
5	Food & service is excellent.  Good place for appetizers & drinks.
5	AFFORDABLE FRENCH FOOD. 'nuff said.My friends and I all suddenly wanted to get some French food while in Vegas, so we obviously stop by Paris (hotel) right? ....if only it was the REAL Paris :PI was feeling seafood-ish, so I went ahead and got the Sea Scallops. The dish doesn't look much quantity-wise, but the quality was soo gooood. I had watched enough food channel and cooking shows to know what perfectly seared scallops look like - a little crispy on the outside, but a beautiful gradient from opaque white to a translucent white. The sauce is a little on the heavier side, so it managed to fill me up quite well. but yes.... the BAGUETTE! It was so freshly made and the butter spread was also delicious. My friend even needed to ask for a whole new serving all for himself. The flourless chocolate cake is also amazing, moist, and CHOCOLATEY in all the right ways.Very satisfying lunch/brunch indeed!
5	Steak Frites (medium rare of course): super delicious!  Cooked to perfection.Quiche Lorraine: melts in your mouth!Vanilla bean dessert: amazing!Service was top notch.Will go again!  Total tab was $70 for two!
5	Some stuff like our cheese appetizer was a bit pricy, but the food and service was excellent. We would definitely eat there again.
4	Great ambiance and outdoor seating. One star deducted due to the crazy business even early (we came at 8:30am). Our waitress was covering a lot of tables (but very nice). Fresh fruit & yogurt with brown sugar on the side was FANTASTIC. One tip, THE EARLIER YOU GO, THE LESS BUSY!!!!!
4	Steak Bordelaise with caramelized onions...super Juicy The steak bordelaise is the best steak on the menu by far. I've tried the bone in rib eye and it was good. But what blew me away was the steak bordelaise. I loveeee caramelized onions so when it's on anything, I really enjoy eating it. So what made the steak bordelaise was definitely the juicy caramelized onions with the steak. Great price for $25!!What I didn't enjoy with the rib eye was probably the bernaise sauce. I felt like it tasted a little bit bland and missing something. The steak was cooked well but I would say it was probably the sauce that was just ok. Price was $40 for not so big of a steak as well. But it's good overall and I'm sure some people would really enjoy it. Just wasn't for me. I would come back for the steak bordelaise. Service was good. Food comes out at a decent time. And they give some small appetizers and yummy french bread. And for a formal dining restaurant. They take reservations for really big groups and really accomodating for that if you ever need to celebrate something. The reason why it's only a 4 star is just that there is only 1 side with the steak. Altho they give really good signature hand cut fries fried thinly and goes well with the steak. It feels like you're eating the fries for days and just get sick of it after. But overall it's a great experience!
4	I didn't realize how many French restaurants there are in Vegas! I think they have as many French restaurants as they do slot machines! Ok, ok, you got me, I'm exaggerating there but there are seriously a LOT of French places. On my most recent trip (don't judge me, yeah I know I go to Vegas a lot but seriously...its the palce to BEEEE, plus it was the Mayweather vs. Ortiz fight!! COME ON!) So we decided to go to a nicer place for dinner and get ourselves out of the habit of always going to a buffet (although I still LOVE buffets). So we made reservations the day of at like 2pm for 6:15pm so getting a reservation was super easy! After hours of lounging by the pool and shopping, we were ready for a goood meal! My girlfriends and I went to Mon Ami because it wasn't too expensive and we knew we'd be getting a pretty good meal. I guess I'll break it down by what each person got...Girlfriend #1Hanger Steak with Mashed Potatoes (I uploaded a picture of it). This was pretty good, she ended up needing steak sauce but that's because she likes the tang of A-1 but I probably could have gone without it! The mashed potatoes were amazing!!Girlfriend #2Hanger Steak with garlic spinach and the half order of mussels. The garlic spinach tasted like this dish my mom makes. Typically served in Korean restaurants but it was wayyy more mooshier, tasted good, but didn't like that it was so mooshy. The mussels are realllly good! The sauce was a bit salty so make sure you save some bread or ask for more! Really delicious!Girlfriend #3Hanger steak with the fries (thinly cut potatoes that are deep fried not really fries) and a side of garlic spinach. She decided not to substitute her fries and she was glad she didn't. The fries really complimented her steak well. ME!!!Rose, French Onion Soup, and the Seared Salmon. The rose was good, you can never go wrong with a rose. The French onion was good but the broth was a little bit...sour? I don't know if they were having an off day or if that's just how it was supposed to taste. It was too sweet (I guess it's hard to not make onion soup not salty since onions just get sweet when cooked) and sour...it was not the best. The seared salmon was served on top of a puree of green peas and although it was good and I ate all of it, I thought it was an interesting pairing. I don't know if I'd order it again...actually I probably wouldn't order it again nor would I recommend it. Service is EXCELLENT!!!! The view (if you sit outside) is awesome since you get the watch the Bellagio watershow front and center! So I guess for that Mon Ami you get 4 stars from me. :)
4	Walked in and waited 10mins to sit inside with a couple of friends for dinner.Food:1. Escargo - The escargo was tender but lacked flavor.  lots of butter used.2. Mussels - Mussels were not fresh fresh but the white wine with herb sauce was flavorful.3. Seared Salmon - The sear was beautiful but the sauce needs work.  It lacked flavor and was to soupy.  I think the salmon would have been better without the sauce.4. Roasted Chicken - crispy herb skin and very moist inside.5. Hanger steak - cooked medium rare with merlot butter.  The butter was fantastic.Overall, I would come back to try there other dishes.
5	Was just here this past weekend and had the Best. Time. Ever. Made reservations - highly recommended. Had the steak frites, rare, with a few vodka sodas and had the baked cheese for an appetizer. I highly recommend the baked cheese - delish!! Manager came to the table several times to check on us, and the service was amazing. Really, can't get any better than this - and the prices were decent too!
4	The food and view are great. Breakfast here is a good idea for the tourist. The Brie and Apple Crepe is not something to pass up on. Soft flavor that is just perfect. I could have done without the fake accents, but after a while it normalizes. For dinner I got the Seared Salmon. The sweet pea sauce is delicious. And to top it off, Bellagio Fountains are right in view. For dessert, stay away from the Apple Tarte, it was soggier than expected and the vanilla whip only made the sogginess worse. Would have preferred a scoop of ice cream or something similar. Overall, great place, great food, great atmosphere. Cafe Mocha is delicious too.
4	Came here during my previous trip with the bf. Solid French food all around and reasonable prices (def better than Bouchon).Main appetizers were the escargots w/butter and mussels.  Not bad, but I've had better escargots and mussels (both lacking flavor).BF got the special fish of the day which came w/a hearty side of fresh and yummy veggies. Don't remember what kind of fish, but it was moist and tender. Dish was $28I ordered the sea scallops. There were 5 and they were cooked just right. 2nd best to the ones I ate at Gary Danko in SF. Service was exceptional.  Server was attentive enough, but gave me space. No pressure to order the most expensive items on the menu. Water was filled when low and bread was replenished when asked. Basic things but sometimes people don't do it!Can't wait to come back during my next Vegas trip! :)
5	I have been to this place twice now and each time I had their Prime Steak Sandwhich. All I can say is... AMAZING! The meat is so flavorful and tender it melts in your mouth. Service is pretty good, the servers are very professional and actually check up on you and bring you refills in a timely manner and if you sit outside you get a great view of the always colorful people walking the strip and the Bellagio water show.
4	Part of the attraction for me to this place was the amazing patio seating that Mon Ami Gabi provides to you.  When the sprinkler system (aka misters) aren't on, it's quite nice to feel like you're sitting under the Eiffel Tower (albeit a fake miniature one) in a cafe beside the street.The first thing I immediately ordered was a mimosa and eggs benedict.  The menu is pretty in depth and I was deliberating between the eggs or a crepe.  Ultimately I chose the eggs benedict.  Good choice in my opinion.The mimosa is pretty damn strong.  I have a feeling that the orange juice is only in there for colour.  I personally asked for another glass of orange juice to dilute the mimosa a little bit.  Actually, the cool thing about asking for orange juice is that I got to make 2 mimosas for the price of one.  Score!The eggs benedict was pretty good.  Nothing really too different about it.  I was pretty happy with how it tasted and thought it was pretty good.  The cool thing about their hash potatoes that they serve it with is that they put caramelized onions into it.  This kinda made it so that you didn't really want to put ketchup into it.  In the never sleeping city of Vegas, it's nice to sit down and just have a nice breakfast every once and a while.  We all know how crazy it gets during the night, so it's a nice time to spoil yourself... and get drinking early =).
5	This place gets 5 stars.  Vegas is expensive, but this place serves up fantastic food at realistic prices.  Beware of fake french accents!  Great views and great steaks.
5	Love it!  Location/Ambience/Energy/Service/Food=Yes!!!Everything I have tasted here has been well executed and excellent. Lobster Bisque, Shrimp Cocktail, Steaks are awesome, Herb Roast Chicken, Chocolate Mousse...Yummy!I actually had a New Years Dinner here on the patio, which is super cool because you are right at the center of the strip and in front of the big fireworks show especially what Bellagio puts on.   It's so much fun to people watch as well.  Since the Patio is lifted you have first hand view of all the crazy below but are also separate enough not to be bothered by the crazy.They have a setup for $110 for Prix Fix Dinner on the patio on New Years.  Totally worth it! Great way to celebrate and get in the mood to hit the clubs!!!Highly recommend!!!
4	Mon Ami Gabi...when you have such a beautiful name, there is little that can go wrong. 1 star just for the romantic and oh-so lovely name. 1.5 stars for the stunning location and patio seating by the Bellagio fountains. Ambiance is classic French style with wine and champagne bottles adding color to the decor. Now think for a moment, you are dining under the Eiffel Tower on a starry night - yeah it's a fake one but what's the harm in inflating your thoughts a bit? Try it, will feel magical. 1 star for the superb food. No reason to complain and cooked to satisfaction. I tried the herb roast chicken, juicy and tender and boy, the fries are darn good.  0.5 stars for the service. Not saying its bad at all, but just that service is not the highlight of the restaurant. Its fine and the way it should be.
4	When the weather is nice and I have guests from out of town, this is tops on my list for a quintessential way to start or end a weekend on the strip.  Although there is an option for online reservations on the yelp page, please note this is for indoor seating only.  If you want the outdoor patio seating, probably best to come in at least 30-60min prior to the desired time to get on the list (maybe earlier during peak brunch hours on the weekend).  Having dined for lunch inside and outside, the patio seating wins hands down by all accounts.  The lighting inside is great for a romantic evening dinner, but a bit too drab if you're trying to catch up with friends.  None of the lunch items blew me away, but the breakfast items were fairly solid and beautifully plated.  I would recommend any of the following best enjoyed with cup of coffee while facing the Bellagio fountains and observing the parade of characters lining Las Vegas Blvd.  1.  Blueberry waffles:  with a crisp exterior and pillowy soft interior, the belgian waffle is topped with fresh blueberries along with warm blueberry sauce and freshly whipped cream.2. Lemon pancakes: served with fresh strawberries and whipped cream over what is essentially a large French-style crepe with perfectly crisped edges and light as a feather, be sure to add a squeeze of fresh lemon before digging in.3. Seafood crepe: if you're lucky enough to be there on a day featuring this special, do not pass it up.  Large jumbo shrimp and scallops served atop a warm crispy crepe and topped with a creamy buttery white wine sauce served alongside fresh frisee and herbs.Servers were attentive and very hospitable in snapping photos, which your visiting friends will be sure to request!
5	This places is amazing! Nice intimate feel inside and gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains outside. I had their salmon platter as an appetizer and chicken for dinner. SO GOOD! Their creme brulee is a must for dessert
1	So disappointed in Mon Ami Gabi. Based on the excellent reviews I was very excited to try Mon Ami. We made reservations to eat here on our last night in Vegas and were also celebrating my mother's birthday. I am not sure if MAG was just having an off-night but our experience was all around pretty terrible. The dinner started with a very chaotic and unorganized seating systems. Despite having reservations you have to stand and wait in a line to speak to the hostess. Then they have you stand aside in the crowded bar area and wait some more. Meanwhile, they call names but do it so quietly and from a different area that it is impossible to hear. All of this made for a stressful start to our dinner. Once seated we ordered drinks which were mediocre in preparation and mine came with a very long dark hair curled around in it and hanging out the side of my martini glass. Very disgusting and off-putting way to start the meal. We let the server know and he was not really apologetic at all and then brought back a new martini that was not prepared the way I had ordered. The waiter was incredibly inexperienced and told the table next to us that thier bottle of wine would cost "whatever 12 times 4 is". He then proceeded to break the cork into thier bottle of wine. We ordered appetizers that came out freakishly fast- within two or three minutes of ordering them. I had the house salad which was very small and had wilted brown lettuce in it. My mother had shrimp cocktail which was mushy and my father had french onion soup which was watery, had little or no onions in it, and had very little taste (my work cafeteria makes french onion soup that is WAY better). At this point with the combination of hair in our poorly made drinks, very disappointing food and terrible service, we decided to cut out losses and cancel our entree orders. One star for the manager (I think his name was Constantine) who was very nice and apologetic and did not charge us for anything. As a side note- we crossed the street and wandered into Caesar's looking for somewhere else to eat and got right into the Palm Restaurant (in the Forum Shops) with no reservations and had an excellent meal of lobster tail and steak!
4	Luckily I made reservations well in advance, because this place gets PACKED around dinner-time. Absolutely wonderful house wine, steak bearnaise, and macchiato.Even though my boyfriend had a few too many daquairis at Fat Tuesday (and was literally in the bathroom through most of dinner), I very much enjoyed myself.Our waiter, Francoise, was right out of France and a delight to have serving us!
5	I went to Vegas for work, i dont really like Vegas but it was all paid for so why not and they dared letting the French man stay @ Paris. Ironic. One plcae I like in Vegas is Mon Ami gabi. I always stay at the terrace and enjoy the people watch. This time I went for days in a row for lunch. Enjoyed the Whispering Angel Rose, les escargots and le burger. Just enjoyable to have some nice French food and wine while staring at all the white trash walikng around with their giant Tequila plastic glass. I do Vegas style At a terrace with some rose because I think it is funny and so Un Vegas and I am French.Love the place..
4	Although we had to wait 30 minutes for a table, it was well worth it. We sat outside, which is beautiful and great for people watching. I ordered a caesar salad and within what seemed like five minutes it was on the table. It was delicious, I loved the cheese and dressing. I also ordered the classic quiche lorraine. I'm a big sucker for quiche, my grandmother made it countless times for me when I was little and I have to say eating this quiche sent me back to my childhood. It was AMAZING..and incredibly filling. I couldn't even finish all of it!Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. Not only that but the food comes out so quickly that I barely had time to finish my caesar salad before my lunch was served. My boyfriend got the warm chicken and brie sandwich. It had thin slices of apple and caramelized onions on top. Absolutely delicious.  All in all a great experience, great food and an elegant yet not pretentious atmosphere. When we go back to Vegas we will definitely be dining here again.
5	This spot is on point. Great steak, great service and great ppl. To start off, I had reservations for 3 for dinner before heading to the airport. Thought to ourselves, why dont we have a nice lil dinner before my friends and I all head home from a weekend of partying.  We checked in with the hostess in front and shorty after we were taken to our seats.  We were seated in the patio which was great cause we had a front row seat of the bellagio water show:) and of course every 5 mins we were greeted by the drunks walking by with a "woohoo I'm drunk" lol classic Vegas! Now onto the food and service. Our waiter came by gave us bread and butter to start off and told us the special of the day.for appetizer we got escargot. Mmm delish! For my main course I got steak bordelaise. Which was also yum Yums (caramelized onions and red wine sauce Mmm) and can't forget the glass of red wine. I can't believe I didn't try this place sooner. Prices were lower than what I expected. I Definitely Had a great time here:)
4	First time in a long time that I have been pleasantly surprised by a nice restaurant. MAG is, simply put, affordable fine dining.  Per fellow Yelper reviews, my parents and I had two of the filet mignon with merlot butter sauce- one medium and the other medium well. We also ordered the scallops.The filet mignon was on point. My medium steak was perfectly tender. The med-well with a nice hint of char but not chewy. Deeee-licious. And the scallops? just divine. Melts in your mouth. It's a great place for an intimate dinner, although there's usually a line so get here early for dinner service or be prepared to wait a bit.My only gripe was service. My family and I are not too big on alcohol-- and so we ordered sodas to drink.  I'm a firm believer in sensing that when a server thinks you have no money, they don't give you good service. My drink was never refilled after 30 min of being empty.  It was absurd. Our waitress checked on the table to my left. Then the table to my right. But never checked on my family and I again after setting down our entrees. Either because we didn't order alcohol, or being Filipino and not white, that we just weren't worth accommodating. I think this was unacceptable considering that the tables beside us are only 1-2 feet apart.  uhm... kinda hard to not notice when you're being ignored.Aside from that, great food and I'd still recommend it. Our dinner between 3 came out to about $100 which was not bad... but you've been warned.
4	Surprisingly charming, MAG succeeds as an oasis amidst the tinsel town glitter. For a Vegas theme eatery, the interior is surprisingly classy and romantic, but the best seats as many have said are outside on the terrace overlooking the Bellagio water works. A supplemental gluten-free menu, which includes complementary g.f. bread with butter and (wonderful!) roasted olives, was most appreciated. The "real" wheat bread comes in a paper bag, which seemed a little odd and out of sync with the otherwise chic vibe.Starter of a frisee salad was a little disappointing, with the greens seemingly undressed and couched on a puddle of water. The rustic country pate was a delight though, very flavorable and on request served with triangles of g.f. toast. The main meals of frites, and steaks, were tasty, though my dining partner's was somewhat chewy though mine was tender.Service was very professional and very French. So if you're not a native Parisian or can't fake the accent, don't look for employment here.
5	This is an absolutely amazing place to have a romantic dinner or simply have a casual dinner. I have been here once, for my birthday a year ago and the experience was amazing. My date & I sate outside, the view of the strip and the Bellagio water show was the topping on the cake:-) The food was a lot but it was delicious especially their French Onion Soup; they really set the standards for me with the Soup no other place can compare after I tasted this one by far the best. Our waitress was amazingly sweet, helpful, funny, & tentative. I would definitely go back when I visit again.
4	this place is a real hidden gem! Mon Ami Gabi is probably one of the older restaurants on the strip but it is really good.  I came here for my friend's bday dinner. Its a really big restaurant and is great for big groups! I got their french onion soup and it was delicious but a little too cheesey and salty for me.they have THE best tasting bread i have ever had. They continuously serve you fresh baguettes. I finished almost one whole baguette on my own. its THAT good.They have a great variety of steaks. ALL of them i would recommend. The filet mignon was sooo delicious and their skirt steaks were great too. You really cant go wrong with any of their steaks. It comes with a HUGE side of shoe string fries!!! overall i really recommend this restaurant. Its affordable and tasty! recap:1) good for groups2) BREAD3) STEAKS!!!!
4	OK, first let's dispel the rumor that sitting across the street from the Bellagio fountains indoors or outdoors is a worthwhile experience.  Without the music the fountains are just a bunch of overgrown water sprinklers and, unfortunately, the music cannot be heard.  Even outside, the road noise and crowd noise from the restaurant drowned out the music.  So if you're going to go here, go for the food alone.Extensive and interesting menu and wine list.  We enjoyed the following: Beet and apple salad (complimentary) served with the French bread and butter.  Very good and quite interesting. Shrimp cocktail - very good Chicken liver pate with toast points, cornichons, olives, and pickled onions - great! Flat iron steak bordelaise - Good if you like bordelaise Fish and chips - wonderful and possibly our favorite dish Garlic Spinach - very good Frites - very good - a cross between potato chips and fries.  Must try. French onion soup - fair. Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes - Excellent - some of the best we've had. House Merlot - averageService was excellent.  Outdoor seating is fun for people watching but is first come first serve only.  Inner patio covered seating is same.  Indoor seating would definitely be my last choice and might not be a choice for us as there was a strong fish smell throughout the indoor areas.  In fact, it even drifted out onto the patio when we were first seated.  Hopefully a one time thing.
4	I ate here on a Saturday night in October. After arriving to the restaurant at around 9pm, it was roughly an hour wait to be seated.  Note to self: consider reservations next time. The weather was nice that night and we lucked out with a table right along the sidewalk, in front of the Bellagio water show across the street. I had the Trout Amandine (toasted almonds, haricot vert, tomato, brown butter) and it was great.  Nicely arranged, good flavor, ample portion.I almost forgot to mention another favorite part of the meal -the butternut squash soup. Loved it.The frites/fries? Not so great.  They're thin and crispy, but didn't do much for me.Service was friendly and quick.
4	Yum!!!Great service, of course.  Had dinner inside instead of waiting for the patio, which was nice too.  Very good food, not blown away.  The service was better than I expected for something that I believed to be a step above a tourist trap.
5	Always my first choice for breakfast. fresh squeezed OJ nsit outside overlooking the strip and try the eggs Benedict. I usually get the salmon platter...lox, everything bagel, cream cheese, capers, onions and some greens great coffee too
5	I am normally averse to eateries on the Strip because I am of the opinion that they tend to be more bark than bite, and prices tend to be inflated too. But after a long day of hiking, we wanted something close by, which is to say we were hungry, it was late, and options were becoming limited. So we settled on Mon Ami Gabi. I've stayed at the Paris before, and walked by this place many times, but it never really caught my eye. I'm glad it did this time.We got here at 9:15 pm, with a reservation, but still had to wait 10 minutes or so, which wasn't terrible. The place looks like a French cafe, with incredibly tightly packed tables. There is a constant din from the other diners, and this being Vegas, the din is alcohol and tourist fueled. There was a table nearby of retirees singing Do You Know the Way to San Jose and another large table where some jackass kept dropping F bombs until he had food in his mouth. I kid you not. Ask for a seat on the patio, where you'll have a front row view of the Bellagio fountain. As soon as you're seated, a baguette with whipped butter appears PDQ, but because it was so busy, the rest of the service tended to be a bit slow. Don't let that discourage you from coming here though! For appetizers, we had the jumbo lump crab cake and mussels mariniere. The crab cake was literally just one little crab cake, served with a celery salad and a sauce gribiche, which is like an aioli. The gribiche was delicious, and the crab cake was decent, but was obviously overmixed. The lump crab was unmercifully beaten into shreds. The mussels however, were fantastic! They were huge, plump, and juicy, served in a delicious white wine and butter herb sauce. They must have been Mediterranean mussels, since blue mussels don't get this big. We also tried the seared salmon and steak roquefort. The salmon was cooked to perfection, flaky, but still moist. I was impressed with their technique, though I am pretty sure it was farmed Atlantic salmon, as the flavor was tame. But still, it was a good piece of fish. But this place is known for its steak frites, so I had to have a steak, and I chose the steak roquefort. All of the steak frites, save for those steaks specifically identified as another cut, are top sirloin, which for my money is among the beefier cuts of meat. Top sirloin is sometimes a bit tough, though not here. My steak was pounded so thin it only had one side to it! But it was amazingly moist and tender (ordered medium rare), and the roquefort sauce was packed with flavor. Each bite just melted in my mouth!We finished our meal with a warm flourless chocolate cake, which was also delicious. Deeply chocolatey and moist, but light and fluffy, which is unusual for a cake of this type. It was served with a dollop of whipped cream and some berries, which provided a nice counterpoint to the chocolate.All in all, this was one of the best meals I had in a while, and Mon Ami Gabi will become one of my regular haunts in Vegas.
4	Definitely a solid place to eat.  Good food.  Good prices.  Great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas. =)
4	this place is unreal.the outdoor patio viewing of the bellagio fountains across the street was awesome. I had the prime-rib dinner, which was superb. best prime rib i ever had, and i have eaten at H.OUSE OF PRIME RIB before. service was amazing and the wine menu was very diverse.
5	I love this restaurant, and I don't even eat steak!Long before my dad worshiped the SW steakhouse, this is where we could come during our tri annual trips to Vegas. I have probably eaten here a dozen times, and everyone I have recommend it to, loves it.Even though I don't order steak, I have tried it here, with the blue cheese reduction...yum.Honestly, I could have the warm bread, butter and wine and probably be just fine. Everything we have ever ordered has been awesome, I had the chicken last time we were there and their version of mac and cheese. I'm pretty sure I scraped every ounce of cheese of that dish...ENJOY
4	We went there for a business dinner, and was able to get a patio table for 8 around 9:30pm which is generally unheard of... fortunately one of our party got there early to hold it (they dont normally do resos for the patio). The view from the patio is incredible! While enjoying the las vegas ambience, the background is the bellagio fountain show!The food is also very excellent quality. I had the filet mignon, which comes with frites (fries). Steak was cooked perfectly - and for appy, the chicken liver pate... which also was great. Only reason why i am giving it 4 stars instead of 5, is because the frites were not that great, and with the chicken liver pate, the ratio between pate and bread was not even (too much pate, not enough bread) - and eating pate by itself without a cracker or something isnt my thing. Overall - will come again anytime and everytime we have the chance!
3	Very pricy, food didn't match the price, quantity wise portion was small. The French onion soup was yummy, and the pork tenderloin I had was decent. I tasted the steak, very thin, nothing special. My buddy had the fish, not sure which one, but that was very yummy, but pricy. Very good bread. Service was ok.
4	Why has nobody reviewed the Market Vegetable Platter??It is an AMAZING feast of vegetable deliciousness. It came with two thick slices of heirloom tomato, roasted and seasoned to perfection, white bean puree, artichoke hearts, a corn salad, and sauteed squash. Gosh I love me some heirloom tomatoes.The amuse-bouche was a carrot slaw, and sadly it was overshadowed by the free, warm baguette. Oh joyous carbs! And I'd recommend passing on their infamous frites - they are meh. I got lucky and was seated outside in the warm Vegas night with a cute boy directly across from the Bellagio water show. I also lucked out because I go to sample his trout almandine, which was excellent. But as good as the fish was, I know I'd order the vegetable platter.
5	Right when we were seated we were given an apple and raddish starter, complimentary of the chef.  It was a nice palate cleanser and a surprisingly delightful gesture.  We started with the Butter Lettuce and Apple Salad with Beets and Aged Goat Cheese and Onion Soup Au Gratin.  Then we shared the Smoked Salmon with Brioche and Creme Fraiche, and the Skate Wing with Garlic Potato Chips.  Everything tasted amazing!  We sat on the patio directly across from the Bellagio fountains and we loved the ambiance!  As cheesy as a fake Parisian Eiffel Tower is, the restaurant has a really romantic vibe and we really enjoyed the ambiance.  Tip:  The wait was an hour long for patio seating, so make reservations or be prepared to wait.  Good thing the pager works anywhere inside the casino!
4	My wife and I dined here tonight. We had a great time. The food was great and we were fortunate to sit outside to view the Bellagio fountain. However, we had to wait an additional hour to get outdoor seating even though we had a reservation for 8:45pm on a Wednesday. Reservations are only for indoor seating and outdoor seating is first-come first serve.Complimentary french bread was served before our meals came out. It tasted freshly baked and it was a plus that it came out hot.I had the steak bordelaise and my wife had the special for the night. It was braised short ribs with mashed potatoes dressed with olives. She also ordered a carrot based soup as an appetizer. The meals were excellent and the portion sizes were large.  An excellent value for about $25 per dish.  The soup was $8 and it was also a large helping. For dessert, we had the profiterole trio ($8) which includes vanilla, chocolate & strawberry ice cream over some kind of pastry topped with hot double chocolate fudge. The ice cream and fudge were delicious especially the vanilla. However, the pastry seemed a bit out of place in both taste and texture. All in all, the ice cream and fudge made up for the pastry. I recommend this place for great food at great prices. I also recommend getting a table outside if possible. I'm only giving this place 4 stars out of 5 because of the long wait for outdoor seating even with reservations.
4	Pardon my French, but this place is the shizzz. There isn't a better restaurant on the strip that blends quality of food, service, scenery and ambiance. Just ate lunch here a little while ago. I ordered the Steak Frites. A staple dish of the restaurant that every other table had someone eating. Its a thin steak rich in flavor alone, but amplified by one of their 4 signature sauces. The waiter recommended the bordelaise sauce, caramelized onions in a red wine sauce. Great pick, it was amazing. Next time I will try the brandy peppercorn sauce! Other dishes at my table were the warm chicken and brie sandwich and the prime steak sandwich. Both looked delicious, particularly the Chicken and Brie.The cool thing about this restaurant is that it is in the Paris hotel overlooking the Bellagio across the street. You can eat outside on the elevated patio away from all the foot traffic. So while you are eating a beautiful meal, you are at the same time in the middle of the strip possibly watching the Bellagio water fountain show. The food, service and scenery causes sensory overload. Bring your date here if you want to seal the deal.
5	We had our wedding dinner for about 50 guests here in April. We chose the private room and it accomodated us nicely. The service was superb from start to finish. The food impecable. Not a single guest had anything bad to say-in fact they all raved about the service and how delicious the food was. They let me set up the room the way I wanted it and bring in a cake. Honestly, there was nothing I would change. They helped make our wedding an incredible evening to remember and I am truly grateful to them for their service.
3	This place is okay!  Had the skirt steak and was happy!  Best part is people watching while eating dinner on the patio.
2	I have eaten here many times and the food is always good and today was no exception; however, the front of the house leaves a lot to be desired.  We had a reservation for the outside patio and upon arrival were told they don't reserve outside tables.  We were told in an abrupt and negative manner that we'd have to go back outside and put our name in at the end of the list of walk ins if we wanted a table outside.  Also, most of our party had arrived and they rudely refused to seat us and promptly gave our table away.  We could understand that policy, but it would have been much nicer had they offered us a seat in the bar while we waited.  There were 5 women working the hostess desks and they were all equally abrupt and inconsiderate.  This lack of friendly service pretty much ruined our experience.
4	There are so many reviews already, I'll jut put in my 2 cents on this one. Everything my husband and I had here for lunch is executed well.  From the bread that comes in a mini baguette form, hot from the oven in a paper sleeve, to the warm bacon frisee salad, and eggs Benedict and seafood crepe. Flavorful, portions sized just right. Seating on the patio is a must for people watching and enjoying the weather.  It's just something you gotta do when you come to Vegas and dine on the strip. On the flip side, while it was a great experience, nothing stood out on the menu.  It's classic French food, it's done well, came away feeling satisfied.
4	I can't say enough about this place! First off, the outdoor seating is awesome! It's right across from the Bellagio, so as your eating your meal you can watch the fountain show. On top of location, the service and food is one of the BEST on the strip! This place is wonderful for breakfast and lunch. Never been for dinner so I can't speak for their dinner menu. A wonderful place with awesome food.The only thing keeping this from a 5 star review, was the hostess's at the door. They all seemed to be about 21 years old and preoccupied in their own conversation. Not very friendly towards the customers. Overall, a great experience. I will definitely go back when I visit Las Vegas!!!
3	I came here with my family and friends during our Vegas trip in July for my sister's birthday/getaway vacation. The restaurant was set in a romantic mood, but definitely a lot of tables around. We got seated right in front of Bellagio's water fountain inside, but unluckily, it started to rain so people outside have to kind of scoot the table in and ours were getting splashed by the umbrellas :[ I had one of the steak dish, it was cooked medium rare just like how I ordered, but it was a bit heavy on the salt. The meat was a bit chewy once it got cold, so I didnt really want to finish. The "fries" were different, it was interesting. I just wish i had some ketchup to have with it. It's a great view and romantic setting, but food was just so so. My cousin seemed to like her scallop dish a lot, but the soup of the day that we had was a cold soup. None of us liked it, we literally each tried a spoon of it and sent it back. I guess we're just not used to cold soup. Service took a bit long since it was pretty crowded. Did not get a chance to try their desserts, I wouldn't mind coming back one day to do so, just not for a full meal.
5	Delicious! Fresh hot bread, fancy french fries, Belagio water show... all in one! What more can you ask for?
3	My wife and I dined here on our most recent late September trip to Vegas and enjoyed dinner looking out to the Bellagio water show while dining on classic Bistro fare. It seems like every time we come to Vegas we end up here for atleast one meal, even though the food is normally not the best part. The ambiance, view, service and definitely the value are what keep bringing us back again and again. Prices here are very reasonable for food on 'The Strip'. Especially considering the abundance of overpriced, mediocre food paired with poor service that seems to be in abundance in Vegas.Nestled in the base Eiffel Tower structure located @ the Paris Hotel & Casino, you can enjoy a relaxing meal while looking out at the famed Bellagio water show and pretending your someplace charming in the real Paris, France.Dinner begins with complimentary fresh baked Baguette, Butter and a julienned fresh Carrot, Apple & Beet starter that are delicious.Appetizer:Steak Tartare ($17.95) - Order off menu and made with the filet cut this dish was amazing. Served with Country Toast, Cornichons, Pearl Onions, Whole Grain Mustard and fresh Chives. Entrees:Seared Scallops w/ Mushroom Veloute & Grilled Asparagus($21.95)  - Sadly this dish was disappointing. The Scallops were terrible. Bland, under-seared and rubbery. The mushroom veloute was good but couldn't revive the flat Scallops.Braised Lamb Shank w/ Orzo Pasta,Goat Cheese, Black Olives and Cherry Tomatoes ($32.95) - Special of the night and my 2nd favorite dish after the Tartare. Lamb was falling offa the bone tender and flavor packed and the Goast Cheese w/ Orzo Pasta was the perfect partner. Amazing.SIdes:Frites ($4.95) - French Frites served in a cone and shaped in ribbons. Salty, crispy, hot and complimented the Mushroom Veloute and the Braised Lamb Shank perfectly. You can't go wrong with fried food.Dessert:Profiterole Trio w/ Chocolate, Vanilla & Strawberry Ice Cream ($7.95) -The Ice Cream wasn't fresh and had ice chunks in the the Strawberry portion but the Profiterolles covered in chocolate sauce were delicous.Overall we experienced what we have grown to expect at Mon Ami Gabi which is some really good food mixed with some mediocre dishes. Why come back then you might ask? For the view, the service and the value. Oh and did I mention the view?
4	Best damn steak-frites I've ever had.
2	i'm a bit disappointed with this restaurant, but perhaps my expectations were set a little too high.  First of all, don't let them trick you into thinking the last three salads are entree sizes.  I asked them about the seared ahi tuna salad size and they said it was entree size.  What I received was about 4 slices of seared tuna and maybe about 10 bites of greens.  Boy, did I need another "entree"  or maybe it was the wicked spoon buffet that stretched out my tummy.  I also ordered warm chicken with brie with french fries.  Their french fries were thin almost like chips rather than french fries, which I was disappointed with.  The sandwich was good but needed more chicken so that the sides can have more than  just bread and onions.  Seriously, for $13 they should be able to put a bit more chicken.  The steak frite was not bad but not great either.
4	Love their bread!  The service was great! Def make a reservation because wait is usually pretty long. I had the ahi tuna salad because I wanted something lighter.  It wasn't the best ever because the ingredients didn't really seem to come together but it was fresh.  For that, I give it 4 stars.
5	I was fortunate enough to be staying at Paris which gave me the opportunity to stop by Mon Ami Gabi not just once, but twice during my stay over there.  This was the first time that I've eaten here twice in one trip, and that's a great thing!For my first visit I treated my mom out for dinner, which would be the first in a series of treats for her (followed by Bouchon and RM Seafood).  Patio Dining of course.  The weather was gorgeous and we had a great view of the Fountains of Bellagio.I ordered their Seared Atlantic Salmon which was cooked good and really tasty despite its simplistic presentation (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=U9uc4zMFj4pWaez_cKWYcw).  But sometimes less is more!I was really jealous of my mom when I saw her Trout Amandine with toasted almonds, haricot vert, tomato, and brown butter (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=hIVN3kXbY2-PRPbwMHJN-g).  It looked really amazing!  And I knew she loved it!For my second visit, it's become a tradition for me to have breakfast here before I fly back home, so that's exactly what I did for the third consecutive time.  Since I didn't have a chance to order any steak my whole trip, I decided to go with the classic Steak & Eggs (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=80uPZHrtVgfiKBZDx8djaA).  The Steak was cooked perfectly and same went with the Eggs.  And their Hash Browns never disappoint.  Definitely hit the spot for me, and was a great way to finish off another Foodie Trip in Vegas.  And as expected with both visits, the service was just incredible.  Both waiters I had for each service were very attentive and helpful, and the water and food servers were on top of their game.  A very well oiled machine!You can see why this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and why I keep coming back.  It's just the perfect spot.  Till next time Mon Ami Gabi!
4	It was a good restaurant for lunch, but I don't think the restaurant is french cuisine in my opinion. It was not a five star service though. I would recommend for lunch but not for dinner. My girl and I enjoyed the food.
5	Had a relaxing and good breakfast with friends on the patio, this is a great way to start a day in Vegas!
4	Great french food, and nice view. Weather was perfect. Will definitely be back again.
5	What's not to love?  We ate lunch here and it was so good we came back for dinner!  salads...great.  Steaks..awesome.  Great place to eat.
5	I LOVED this place. Came here for my birthday dinner with 12 other of my friends. Be sure to reserve early for a big group. We didn't get much of a view since reservations are only for indoor dining, but the experience was still great.The steaks are so tasty.Rib Eye with au poivre instead of the bearnaise sauce. Boyfriend's dish. So glad we switched the sauces! The peppercorn sauce is so tasty, the sauce complements the steak very well. It comes with a side of fries that are more like chips! it's so crunchy, my boyfriend finished his whole portion.Sea Scallops - My scallops could have been seared a bit more brown, but still well cooked. It came with a side of asparagus and butternut squash puree. The puree was just okay, not as flavorful. I used my boyfriends peppercorn sauce to make up. :pSteak Bordelaise - i tried this dish from my friend and YUM! The onions were very sweet and savory. Really good balance with the steak.I was able to try most of the other sauces and they were all very tasty. My favorite is still the peppercorn sauce.Overall, this is one restaurant in Vegas that I would definitely come back to. The prices are reasonable and the food is wonderful.
4	We were staying at Paris Las Vegas and decided to try this adorable restaurant in the hotel (out front, you can sit on the strip and watch people walk by and have the Bellagio fountains as your view, it's pretty awesome).When I checked in around 1:00 or 1:30, I was told there was a 45-60 minute wait.  No problem, you get a beeper and it works anywhere in the casino/vicinity, so we could gamble or hang at a bar in the hotel.  After 10 minutes of waiting, I needed to run to the room to grab something, thinking we still had at least 30 minutes.  While I was gone, the beeper went off and my husband went to get our table.  They were really difficult wtih him, saying that he couldn't sit down until I was there, too.  My husband essentially said, "she'll be right back, I'll wait for her at our table", and didn't take no for an answer, so they sat him.  I was back in 10 minutes, but my husband was going to go ahead and order a bottle of wine for us, but the server never stopped at the table until I got there!  Not sure if he was just that busy, or if they were trying to prove a point about our entire party not being there, but at any rate, it kind of sucked.  We had a great bottle of French chardonnay and a loaf of their hot french bread.  The bread was awesome but sitting outside, it was so hot that the pot of butter completely melted!  Most of the tables had umbrellas and were shaded, but were sitting right in the sun and we were burning up.  I had a salad and my husband had the mushroom soup to start, the soup was amazing.For entrees, I had a cold crab and shrimp salad sandwich, served with homemade chips.  It was wonderful, nice and cool and refreshing when sitting in the hot sun!  Delicious.  My husband had the croque monsieur with fries.  The fries were tiny strips of potatoes, fried until crispy, and really good.  His sandwich was good, but a little boring.  There is normally more bechamel sauce on a croque monsieur, this was pretty dry with very little sauce, but it did have nice flavors.Overall, great lunch.  It was hot, so if you get stuck sitting in the sun, you might be miserable (I have no clue how people eat here in the middle of summer!), the view is amazing! I really want to come back for dinner, when it's cooler, and the Bellagio fountains are all lit up.
4	Okay, it's not really Paris, but at times, I really get the vibe that I have when in the REAL Paris. Sitting outside is great and the food was all very good. Great place to grab a beer and a couple of appetizers- and the mini-baguettes are to die for!
5	Me and hubby came for dinner one night when we went to Vegas. The food was amazing, tasty and decadent. Had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains across the street and a romantic atmosphere. Must haves: french onion soup and salmon.
5	Honestly, our experience at Mon Ami Gabi was off to a very rocky start. Despite the fact that we had a reservation, we had to wait in a long, long line - one that was longer than the line for people without a reservation. Does this make sense? Okay, we wait patiently. We ask if we could be seated outside. The wait is an hour and a half. Okay, we opt for inside, take our pager, and head to the slots. Lo and behold, 15 minutes later we are paged and then inexplicably seated OUTSIDE! Call it beginner's luck. And what a great view of the Strip all abuzz with activity, and a great view of the infamous Bellagio fountain just behind the palm trees! Perfect. The food? The endive, pear & bleu cheese salad was delicious, and the ribeye on the bone was cooked a perfect medium rare. The frites were a cross between a french fry and a potato chip. Addictive, but we had to save room for dessert. Profiteroles were freshly assembled - a perfect rendition of the bistro classic. Cocktails and wines with entree and dessert were perfect as well.We lucked out with a dynamite server named Dawn! She was always right on top of things. All told, a perfect start to our Vegas weekend! The prices were not out of the ordinary for any good restaurant in Vegas. The only strange thing that happened was that I later received an email from Open Table saying that Mon Ami Gabi had cancelled my reservation - AFTER we had already dined there. Ah well, just a technical glitch that didn't change our experience in the least. Bravo, Mon Ami!
4	Came here on Friday 10/21/11 during my honeymoon... We put our name on the waiting list around 9:00pm and was told we would have to wait 2.5 hours to get a seat on the patio. We REALLY wanted to experience eating here, so we didn't mind waiting. We checked back in at 9:45pm and they were able to seat us! My hubby and I got a table right along the patio edge, and it was amazing! We were able to see the fountains at the Bellagio across the street. I LOVED my experience there! We ate a fancy burger, and had a couple of drinks with a romantic setting, and it all was very reasonable price! I will definitely go back again when I visit Vegas.
4	Great patio, very busy and very crowded. Wonderful view of Bellagio fountain. Service was good, but long delay in getting food to table. Prepared perfectly. Onion soup awesome. Skate was unusual option so has to try and it was as good as advertised.
4	Mon ami is really the only decent restaurant to dine in Vegas.  The irony is that it is in the Paris hotel across from the Bellagio fountains.  Every time I am in Vegas, I make sure to have lunch and/or dinner here because the food is very well prepared at reasonable rates.   I really enjoy the seafood crepes.  It filled with scallops, shrimp, veggies, and a cream sauce.  It is very tasty and only $14.  You cannot do wrong with their steak frites.  A 14 ouce steak that would out-compete most steak-houses I know.  For $25 bucks, can't beat the price for a quality meal.  I highly recommend grabbing a table in the patio and enjoy the people watching.  On a sunny day, the setting reminds me of sitting in a cafe on Saint Michel in actual Paris....
5	My family & I had such a great time at Mon Ami Gabi. They have a very nice outdoor seating right on The Strip, so we had a great view of the Bellagio fountains (right across) and the interesting crowd milling by.We were lucky to have such a great hostess. I love their bread, French Onion Soup, Escargots, Duck Leg Confit, and Prime Rib. Didn't get to order dessert because we were pressed for time.
3	My husband and I had lunch here last week.  We were underwhelmed by the menu and ended up ordering the steak sandwich and a burger.  The food was nothing special, but the ambiance in the restaurant was nice.  We did not feel like waiting for a patio table, but I am sure they are lovely.  We were seated quickly in the rook next to the patio, which had plenty of natural light.  It was by no means a memorable meal, but it was certainly not the worst meal we've ever had.  I'm not sure that we would return in future trips (mostly because there are SO many places to try in Vegas!)
4	DW and I dined 10/26.  She ordered sea bass, I had Filet Au Poivre frites.  Entrees were outstanding.  Another plus, we were seated in the cafe section indoors, but with a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  Service was spot on.  I consider Mon Ami Gabi to be a very good value for a restaurant on the strip.Overall a very enjoyable meal on the strip.
4	We never woke up in time to grab brunch or remember to make some resos till it is too late. This time around I made the resos via Opentable about 2 weeks ahead.Got seated right away after arriving, although I cant say I like the attitude of the 3 ladies sitting at the counter who were responsible for seating diners. Wait was about 30 - 45 mins for brunch on Saturday at 1 pm for diners w no reservations.We ordered mainly off the very limited brunch menu (5 items):Complimentary baguette - very good! great crust and centre. Served warm.Corn Beef Hash  Huge surprise... It comes w poached eggs which had dark yellow gooey yolk. The corn beef was amazing with random bits of fat but such tender well seasoned beef. Tasted very fresh.Blueberry French Toast - Another great dish. It did not need the syrup it came with, the blueberries were swimming in a nice syrup of its own. The bread was cakey and delicious!!!Smoked Salmon Appy - Very good as well. The smoked salmon was of great quality. Came with yummy buttery brioche and assembled by yourself with some creme fraiche, capers and onions,Coffee & Orange juice were $4 each. which is pricey considering their entrees were only bout $10. I was surprised at how reasonable the prices were for such great quality dishes.Service was disappointing. Bussers were great but the actual server was absent... Only saw him when we were ordering. No coffee refill offered till I flagged someone down. the first impression from the 3 ladies responsible for seating left a bad taste in my mouth.
4	Had dinner here with my family and relatives on the Saturday night before Halloween. 3 things I love about this place: food portions, quality, and customer service. Food portions: HUGE! I ordered the 10oz. rib eye steak and frites! I had no idea this French restaurant would be giving out big portions. Appetizers and side dishes were bigger than normal. I loved the mussels and the warm bread they serve with the butter! Quality: Apart from the huge serving, the quality was great. However, it did feel like I was eating more American than French food.Customer Service: EXCELLENT! My family and I arrived on time for our reservation, but they couldn't seat us since the rest of our party wasn't there. Had to wait 30 minutes for our party to arrive, and once they did come, the hostess took us to right to our table! Didn't end up losing our table after waiting for 30 minutes! Waiters were also very accommodating and explained the specials for the night.
4	The best things-*sitting outside on the strip*the gluten free bread/ menu and free olives*$5.50 drink special that was a Frangia*the chocolate mousseThe average things-*the frites*the croque monsuierre sandwich*the service*prices are pretty darn decent for the stripThe not so great things-*that having a reservation didn't get us a quality table.  Was given one right in the sun with no umbrella up and then moved to the far corner.*the macaroni and cheese was peppery and really not that good.  (You want a good mac & cheese then you MUST go to Nine Fine Irishmen at NYNY*minimal vegetarian options on the lunch menu
4	How many times have I walked right past Paris?  Too many and I won't next time I go to Vegas.  I got stuck in Paris when my room at Ballys wasn't ready or reserved for me.  I found out about this place reading an article about George Wallace, who said he liked to eat here and people watch, loved the prommes frites and steak.  I made a reservation and that's what I had, along with some very good escargot, wine, creme brulee for desert, and of course wine.  My waiter really was French, polite, prompt and attentive.  The food was excellent I have no complaints, in fact I came back the next night and waited for a table outside.  Unlike others I could actually hear the music across the street while watching the light and water show.  Again, the service was prompt, escargot wasn't as spicy as the night before, and I went with scallops which was just as delicious as the steak.  Also, I tried their saute'd brussel sprouts, delicious, the leaves are separated and saute'd in butter, quite tasty and the only way I will ever eat this vegetable.  I'll be back here to dine next week for sure!
5	Now this review is truly overdue.  I went to Vegas months ago, but never got the chance to finish this review.  With a Vegas trip possibly in the near future, I thought it pertinent I got this one out.    With reservations placed online, we didn't have to wait.  Located right in front of the Paris Casino, you can't miss it.  An exposed patio section displays itself to the Strip.  I was in debate whether to have lunch or dinner here and since our schedule forced us to choose dinner.  Dinner it was.  The lighting is dimly lit and has a romanticized atmosphere layered with a generally casual ambience.  Looking through the menu, Bun and I had no idea what to order.  Thank goodness, we had a Hank Azaria for our waiter.  It wasn't really him, but it really looked like him.  If you don't know who that is, he's most known for voice acting numerous characters on The Simpsons such as Chief Wiggum and Moe.  He played the French guy Ben Stiller's movie wife had an affair with in Along Came Polly.  Coincidentally in that movie, the scuba instructor he plays is French.  My eyeballs opened a little bigger in shock when the first words laced with his French accent popped out.  That waiter whose name I do not recall will be called Hank for remainder of this review.    After sifting through the entire menu, we both ended up choosing steaks with frites.  There seemed to be a crazy number of different choices of ways they prepared steaks that I had no clue what they were.  Hank gave us a full detailed debriefing for each kind and how they were cooked.  I was certainly impressed.  He also gave us the option to make the steak a filet mignon instead.  That was a no brainer.  As our starters, Bun ordered the soup du jour which came in and was served out of a curiously interesting jug.  It was then poured onto the plate which had a little cream in the center.  I wanted to originally get a regular salad, but he convinced me to order the frisee and bacon salad.  Hank said it was a very common salad in French cafes in France.  I guess I played sucker to that one and yielded to his request.  This salad had a poached egg, bacons slices, and caramelized onions.  He even showed me how you're supposed stir the egg evenly through the whole salad before eating it.  The salad was simply marvelous.  I sampled some of Bun's soup and it had nice level of creaminess and was really good.   When our filet mignons came, my mouth instantly watered like Homer Simpson when he sees a donut.  It was tenderness on blast.  Cooked to a nice medium rare as requested and served with a side of frites, it filled my stomach up to the brim.  I was really surprised considering the prices.  To not over exceed one's expectation, this wasn't $200 Kobe beef.  That would be an unfair comparison.  Yet this filet mignon was excellent enough with its simple design to easily deliver the same goal.       While holding our full stomachs, Hank comes over to offer a dessert menu or some coffee.  I don't even remember responding back.  I think my stomach said something on the line of needing the bill so we can roll our full buttocks out.  Obviously, by now one can tell my impression of their service was very gracious and cordial.  The food was more than just reasonable.  It was a good, unadulterated, affordable Vegas meal.  A return visit is in the horizon.
5	Oh.  Mah.  Gah.Perfection.  Friendly, professional service.  Parsnip and Apple Soup BLOWS YOUR MIND.  It was amazing.  Shrimp cocktails were good.  Nothing fancy, but it was just shrimp cocktail.Ribeye and Filet were ordered by the table and they were delicious. Well prepared.  Flavorful.  Beefy.  Everything you want in a steak.  Stay for dessert.
4	Hard pressed to find a better patio on the strip, we ate lunch here three times in two days.Good sun, good people watching, and affordable.Two days in a row we prevented hangovers from taking hold with bloodies, Chardonnay, and strong vodka tonics. Yummy.Stay away from the soups, and focus on the steak offerings, just sayin'.
1	My bf and I looked last minute for a late night french restaurant on the Strip, so Mon Ami Gabi was the one we chose based on the high ratings. Firstly, I was disappointed to see the limited menu but decided on the salmon salad, and my bf picked one of the steak entrees. Our food was brought to the table in 15 minutes. This was shocking considering it was a busy Friday night. My salad was subpar. My bf's steak was bland and well done, not medium like he ordered. In addition to that the waiter saw my boyfriend's napkin on the floor and just picked it up and put it on his lap instead of giving him a replacement. After a few bites of the steak my bf asked the server for a new york strip steak instead. Again the steak came out shortly after his request, and it was charred black all over! My bf was really upset and told the server there was no way he was going to eat his food and just wanted the bill. At this point the server seemed semi apologetic and said he would send the manager to address the matter. The manager came over and apologized and offered free dessert. We declined. The server came back saying that the manager wan't going to charge us for anything and hoped we would come again. Ha, fat chance!One star is being given because we were seated with a great view of the bellagio fountains.
4	This place was really good.  Had a steak with blue cheese topping and the escargo.
4	I waffled between a 4 and 5 stars. The service is good, the people watching stellar when you sit outside. Gluten free menu is an added plus. I will definitely be back
4	I had the filet mignon for like less than 40$!! I will be going back, just don't get the frites they were sad.
4	The best aspect of this surf/turf restaurant is the atmosphere - bustling and in view of Bellagio fountains. We had to wait a few minutes even though we had a reservation, which was fine because there are two bars.  [frisee & warm bacon salad with soft-poached egg, croutons] -- absolutely delicious! the poached egg is an amazing addition and actually emulsifies the dressing - yum.[sea scallops, butternut squash puree, brussels sprouts, hazelnuts, brown butter]-- scallops were cooked perfectly, large portion but needed more salt. Squash was good but a bit bland and the brussels sprouts ok.
5	Omg! Best French bistro on the strip. Since most restaurants on the strip are ridiculously expensive this one was surprisingly affordable, especially if you go there for lunch. I ordered the French Onion Soup which tasted oh so good with the right amount of cheese melted on top of it. Then the Sea Scallop Gratinees were superbly seasoned and perfectly cooked. The Escargot de Bugogne was basked in garlic-y goodness and was very tender. Lastly, my Steak au Poivre was so tasty. I swapped out my fries for a side of Cauliflower Puree which was so creamy and delicious it almost tasted like mashed potatoes. The service was excellent. Our server was professional and attended to our needs with excellent timing.
4	Most of the time when I have really amazing food in Las Vegas, my wallet explodes and leaves a mess all over the place. Not here! You'll get fantastic service, wonderful food, in a special environment all for a reasonable cost.Make sure to try all the french specialties, especially the pate if you're into that. The steaks and sides are where Mon Ami Gabi really shines.The atmosphere is busy and upscale, but we didn't feel rushed or that we couldn't hear each other. The perfect mix in a Las Vegas restaurant.A great LV option!
4	Very good steakhouse, the wait is...well...long.... Definatly get reservations here, as mentioned in other reviews you can't reserve the patio. /sigh. The shredded carrots are worth the price of admission! Try em:)
4	food is good here, and a good price. The only complaint I have is that the tables are to close together. Our dinner included a little scene from a soap opera.. we had the front row seats. the couple next to us were arguing the whole time. but the server was attentive, customer service was good.
5	Me and my husband wanted to have a special meal while we were just stopping in Vegas for the night, and we weren't dissappointed after reading the reviews first of our hotel's restaurant here. I was absolutely craving seafood, and we noticed they had a dinner for 2 of lobster, shrimp, tuna sashimi, and fresh oysters- it was DEVINE! We had our neighbor diners gapping at the tray full of seafood they brought us. Everything was fresh and flavorful, and actually really reasonably priced for what it was (it was the couple of drinks we had that made our bill pricey).  The atmosphere was cozy, dark and romantic inside, just like a French bistro should be, and the service was spectacular. It was the perfect experience, and I can't wait to go back next time we're in Vegas.
2	The snails and bread were good otherwise don't eat dinner here.  Slimy undercooked farmed salmon and greasy cheesy pasta.  No one at our table liked the various other entrees. Great view of the strip though!
5	This place was excellent!  Getting a reservation was very easy.  The lighting was very low and it is definitely a romantic place if you want to take that special person in your life.  The french bread that they serve is very fresh and tasty.  I tried the warm olives and warm brie with honey as appetizers and was very happy with both.  For my entree, I ordered one of the specials they were offering, Duck L' Orange with mac and cheese.  This duck was amazing!  We paired our dinner with a pinot noir that definitely fit the bill.  The service was top-notch.  I would definitely try this place again.
4	Love this place! My favorite time of year to come here is spring so you can sit out on the patio and watch the fountains of Bellagio. I'm not a steak eater but I have to say I really enjoyed my food, especially the steak and frites. One of the best sangrias in town, which I am a sangria connoisseur. Unfortunately they don't take reservations for outside dining, so you may have a little bit of a wait, but next best thing is to sit at the bar, it's sort of outside/inside so you get the best of both worlds.
5	Excellent food! We had to return for round 2 during our week in Vegas! Blue berry french toast and corned beef hash were amazing! Can't wait to go again!
5	This place has a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains from both the indoor and outdoor patio areas. The seating area that is completely indoors has a different ambiance, as it had low lighting and was more intimate, with not much of view. The food was amazing and the service was great. I ordered the Slow-Braised Beef Eggs Benedict. Ohh man ... the meat was so tender and full of flavor, while the English muffin was toasted to perfection. The bacon they serve is also really good. The mimosas were a bit too champagne-y for my taste. This place is great and I plan to come back during my next visit!
5	Not onlyis the name fun to say, the location,location,location is fun too!  The outdoor terrace is the place to be to view and hear the Bellagio Fountains. It also happens to be one of the best people watching/vehicle watching place on the LV Strip!  And oh yeah, did I mention the food is fantastic (the bread is amazing) and the service superb?  From salads to desserts, you can't go wrong, and the price for lunch is very reasonable.  French fare with American flare, all situated on one of the most fascinating terraces on the Strip! If you get there late, you will probably have to wait for a table outside, but it's worth the wait! Bon appetite!
3	Came here for my friend's Bachelorette/Bachelor dinner.  We had reservations at 6PM for a table of 11 people & we had no trouble getting seated right away. I'm not really familiar with "French" menu.   My friend & I had a hard time deciding what to order.  We finally decided to get the Roast Chicken & Frites: half chicken, bacon, mushrooms, pearl onion & fries ($19.95).  The chicken was pretty good, I wasn't dry at all.  My friend & I shared the meal & it was more than enough :)The only thing I didn't like were the fries, they weren't really fries, more like chips? Overall, everyone seemed to like what they ordered. I would consider going back here and try the other stuff on the menu.
3	Great atmosphere, with terrific views of the Strip nightlife and the Bellagio fountains. The service was good, the melted goat cheese appetizer exquisite, and the garlic cream soup du jour wonderful. The entrees were mediocre, though, with my wife's trout amandine just okay with little flavor, and my steak frites a major disappointment. I was expecting true French steak frites, and this came nowhere close. My steak au poivre was chewy and flavorless, and the fries were like bland potato chips, with none of the traditional French flavor found in a true French bistro.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is extremely versatile. It is such a cute place to get together with your girlfriends before heading out for the night. It's also an awesome place to celebrate an anniversary as it is extremely dim and intimate. The waiters are extremely knowledgeable and pleasant (although a tad MIA). You can make reservations via Open Table so definitely be sure to do so! Even with reservations there is a separate waiting line for the outdoors patio and if we weren't in a rush to the airport after our meal we would have definitely waited for it as it was a great spot right on the strip for people watching and the fountain show!This meal was one of the very few where I didn't go with what Yelpers recommended. My heart told me to go with the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter but my tummy went with the Steak Berlanaise because I was craving onions (who craves onions? Vegas does weird things to me). The other girls went with the scallops, salad, mussels, skate fish, and burger. I had a bit of the scallops which were really good and nicely portioned. The mussels looked like a good amount too as well as the skate fish that my friend couldn't finish. The salad also looked pretty appetizing albeit small but was only $9! The cheeseburger was sizable as well so portions are pretty decent here, especially for the price of the food.  The fries that came with most of the entrees were disappointing. They weren't so much fries as they were little potato chips. Wah. Loved the warm fresh baguettes we were served in the beginning of our meal! They gave us 3 baguettes for a party of 7 which was more than enough. We also ordered two bottles of white for the table at $40 each. Their wine list is pretty extensive as they have wine from France as well as California. I wouldn't mind coming back here and actually getting the Filet and vying for an outside seat =)
4	What is better than a french bistro along the strip? Not much my friend, not much. This is a great option for lunch or dinner for a fun, on the strip dining experience. Le Grub: Mussels - great buttery texture with a delicate sauce served with a side of frites. 4/5Onion Soup - mmmm. Served HOT and delicious. Not greasy, salty or too gooey, a common fault of Onion soups at restaurants. 5/5Duck Confit - Great dish to start, well prepared and appointed 4/5Steak Sandwich - ehh this was just ok. Nothing special going on here. Have had much better elsewhere 3/5. Oysters - they only serve one type (from North West) which kind of sucks since I enjoy a variety of oysters. They were fresh and served well.  Nothing to complain about other than lack of choice 4/5. Le Drank: Do-it-yourself Bloody Mary's  - great station with all the fixins from habenero stuffed olives to bacon and sausages. They truly let you go all out on this. Le Deal: Ehh a bit overpriced in my opinion. Le Verdict: Overall a nice dining experience as we sat outdoors and were able to enjoy the buzz and vibe of the strip while watching the Bellagio show. I will more than likely visit again. Service is okay, nothing out of this world and preparations weren't at expectation (dirty silverware, glasses, and server spilled the coffee all over the cup and plate...just a step backward from a casual/fine dining experience). 4/5
5	I love this place! The best filet mignon I've ever had! The food is wonderful and the servers extremely helpful. I have certain food intolerances and the servers are great ensuring you get the food you want while working around the allergies/intolerances. I went to Mon Ami's last year just to check it out. I enjoyed it so much we went back to Vegas this year primarily for Mon Ami's!
2	OK, I admit I'm attracted to any restaurant styling itself a French Bistro, let alone at the Paris in Las Vegas. And when I'm famished, I go directly for my favorite French comfort food -- Steak Frites! Hence my visit to Mon Ami Gabi this week, where I took little note of anything else on the menu and ordered this house specialty.At MAG, the signature "Steak + Frites" bears little resemblance to its ubiquitous French namesake, as it's a pounded, "triple tenderized" paillard of sirloin covering most of a steak platter and topped with crisp fried ribbons of potato that were difficult to eat gracefully. Amazingly, the chef managed to flash grill it to my specified "rare", but my steak knife really got a workout with the sinews throughout the meat. There was a tasty "amuse bouche" to start (with an extra serving offered by my stellar server Missy), a delicious mini-baguette that would delight most and a very nice wine list by both the glass and bottle.The patio would always be my choice for dining here, weather permitting, and it's heated in season. With its view of Bellagio's Dancing Waters complete with audible music, this is a good spot for an enjoyable Las Vegas evening meal, but if I were you, I'd order something else. Most around me did and seemed to enjoy their choices. Bon Appetit.
5	OK- yes its expensive, but OH-so worth it!  Amazing service, food, & atmosphere. Great everything breakfast right down to the best jelly ever.
3	The food was ok. I was expecting a much better piece of steak. We ordered the hanger steak and the classic steak. Both was alright but nothing to get excited about or wanting to come back for more. I definitely think they should substitute some of the fritas for steamed veggies. More than half of the plate was the fritas. The view was nice from the patio. Overall it was a nice experience but most likely I won't be coming back again for dinner.
3	Came here for dinner with my boyfriend the last night of our trip. I chose this restaurant over Sugar Factory because I was really craving a steak. We were seated right away, inside. But they took us to a table right next to the patio, so we could see the Bellagio fountains. I ordered the mushroom soup to start off with. It was really good, especially dipping the bread in it! I ordered the hanger steak medium. My boyfriend ordered some sort of fish. He realized that he had made a mistake when he did that. Nevada is a desert, nowhere is there an ocean. Therefore, the fish wasn't as fresh as he would have liked it to be (we're from the San Francisco Bay Area, fresh fish caught and served to you at restaurants there). I'm a huge fan of the frites and my steak tasted really good, so I don't have much to complain about. The only thing was that our waiter seemed a little...stuck up. I don't know if that was supposed to go along with the theme of the restaurant or what, but he just seemed as if we weren't good enough to be dining at that restaurant. I don't know, it was weird.
5	Dinner with great friends right under the Eiffel Tower and overlooking the Bellagio Fountain. The scenery doesn't really get any more perfect than that. The food was great... I give it 4 stars. The view of the strip from the outdoor patio is another star. The service was great as well. I got the Filet Mignon Au Poivre and it was tender, juicy, and medium... just the way I like it. They also give you an "amuse bouche," which is sort of like a small teaser appetizer, compliments of the chef. It's pretty fancy, schmancy so I'd dress up when coming here. It's definitely a great place for a romantic date.
4	Fine food. Not frites music or hostess attitude though.  A surprisingly pleasant and affordable restaurant in the chaos of the strip.  What is with that light jazz crap?!  Really helps ruin an otherwise very good meal - and the young hostess's indifference was a definite detractor as well.
4	I went to the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant for the Thanksgiving holidays with my boyfriend and we loved it! We ordered baked goat cheese as appetizer and my bf got a pan seared atlantic salmon and I got a bordelaise steak. The food was awesome and the service was great.The location is perfect, just in front of the Bellagio fountain. Having a glass of champagne with good company, food and that environment... priceless!
3	I am not familiar with the French restaurants, but I guess this place is ok. escargot could have been cooked better though.
4	Mon Ami Gabi was good, but not amazing. I went for dinner w/ my parents & and aunt and uncle. My aunt has Celiac, so she is on a gluten-free diet. They do provide a gluten free menu, and do a good job preventing cross-contamination, as she didn't get sick afterwards.The meal was nice. I had a steak roquefort and it was quite delicious. I'm not necessarily a big steak eater but here they pound them thin before adding a sauce. My dad had the poivre which he enjoyed and my mom had the sea scallops which she loved. My uncle enjoyed the rib eye, and my aunt had filet mignon. Between us, we drank 3 bottles of wine. They have a fairly large selection, but it isn't very imaginative. Not many that were unheard of.The dinner was for both my dad and aunt's birthdays. They brought out small cakes (gluten-free for my aunt)  for each of them. It was good, nothing special, but the thought was quite nice. I had the banana fosters crepes, which were amazing. The table also enjoyed creme brulee, chocolate pudding cake, and the chocolate mousse.The downside for me was the ambiance. For the money you are paying for dinner, sitting inside was a bit loud. We were seated next to a register, and the wait staff wasn't too shy about talking near us. If you can, get a seat outside on the patio. They keep it well heated in the winter, and you have an amazing view of the fountains at the Bellagio.
3	Booking a table? Beware! Indoor tables are open for reservations. The patio and conservatory are not. For those wanting to forgo the dark, atmospheric inner room for the bright, light buzz of the other dining areas, be ready to wait the standard 20 minutes. I love that the interior does actually feel a little French, if not a little Disneyesque-French. The service is thoroughly American: friendly and completely casual. The food seems to be a hit-or-miss. And the lunch menu is not too exciting for food lovers.Our appetizers--baked cheese and onion soup au gratin--were filling, hearty and verrrrrry tasty! Our mains offered a totally different experience. The croque monsieur, sadly, was not at all hearty or rustic. If you're hoping it'll be an oven-toasted pairing of tasty French bread and gorgeous ham, don't. It's basically sub-par toasted ham and cheese sandwich, storebought sliced bread to boot. The steak sandwich was flavorful but already cold upon arrival. Fries here are unique. They are so thinly sliced that they're actually like chips/crisps--not like what I remember of bistro fries in France.Go here for the cute outdoor and conservatory seating, and view of the Bellagio fountains. Food is decent and filling--but nothing to write home about.
5	I absolutely adore Mon Ami Gabi! The atmosphere is perfect, service is always good and the food is delicious.My boyfriend & I decided to have our anniversary dinner here out of allllll the Vegas restaurants simply based on the ambiance. The outdoor seating is the best (hello, Bellagio fountain show!) but be prepared to wait because they only accept reservations for their indoor seating. For such a popular restaurant with an amazing location, the price point at Mon Ami Gabi is totally reasonable. The restaurant falls between a casual/lively/family setting and an intimate/date setting.The Pear & Endive salad, Trout Amandine and Classique Steak Frites we ordered were on point. I seriously cannot get enough of their Frites! It's the perfect cross between crunchy potato chips & fries....so addicting. The service was really welcoming & not pretentious at all. I was even surprised to see our waiter open a brand new wine bottle for me at our table when I only ordered a glass of Pinot Grigio...impressive.Brunch here is delicious as well...I love their Quiche! And if you've ever been curious about Escargot, I would recommend ordering it here only because it's drenched in garlic & parsley...not as scary as one would think ;)
4	We ate here twice for brekky, the place has a nice vibe. Good view of the fountains at Bellagio, even if you sit inside, it's like an atrium so you dont feel stifled. The service was nice and relaxed, but still attentive. The food is well prepared, filling, but not heavy. The house champagne is a light and crisp brut. Im a fan! Will be going back before we leave Vegas this time ;p
3	Celebrated 2 birthdays here! Yay! We made reservations and were seated right away. There was a 1 hr wait to sit outside where you are right on the strip but we came to eat not to be seen stuffing our faces and loosening our belts. Appetizer: Ordered the chicken liver pate as it was suggested by the waiter but they accidentally served us the country pate. Well, we accidentally ate 3/4 of it before the waiter noticed and replaced it for the correct one. (YAY, since we got to try both for free!!!) French onion soup - Wow, this is meant for sharing!!1 1/2 ft Baguette - love warm breadNY Steak w/handcut fries - perfectly cooked medium rare as I requested. I should mention that my plate looked like I ordered fries w/ a side of steak. I don't think anyone at our table finished the fries!Steak was good and the pate was good but not exceptional that I would rave on and on about. But if you want a decent meal for a good price then this is the spot. 3.5 stars from me.
4	The service and atmosphere was first rate and the food was very tasty.  We have enjoyed  Mon Ami Gabi in other cities but this location definately stands out.
5	Wow! Great restaurant. My wife and I reserved a table for two for breakfast on a recommendation from a local. The breakfast was absolutely off the hook. Everything was great, I had eggs and hash browns and my wife had crepes. Mmmmmm! The fruit platter with creme fraiche and mint syrup on the side was a great way to end our brunch. The staff were very nice and helpful and knowledgeable. The food was so delicious we decided to have our last dinner there, which between my wife and I is very rare since we love to try new restaurants every chance we get and there sure is a huge variety to choose from there in Las Vegas. Dinner for two with appetizers and a bottle of wine was very reasonable and the food soooo delicious. Try the French Onion Soup, best I've ever had. Complete dinner for two with a shared dessert and a shot of espresso was well south of two bills. Coming from San Francisco, this caliber of restaurant would have been over two bills.You gotta make reservations if you want to be seated right away. The best part, it was so easy to do so over yelp, made our reservations the same day a few hours before we went. This was on a week day so I recommend advanced reservations on a weekend or busy day.
5	I had Thanksgiving Dinner here!!!  This restaurant is amazing in every aspect, and overall I had such a wonderful experience that no doubt this place deserves 5 whole hearty stars :). * * * * *Place: Nothing gets better than this... Patio seating facing the strip, directly across from the Bellagio fountains with a great of the Eiffel tower just above us. This is really the place to be for a romantic dinner. We enjoyed our dinner as the Bellagio fountains "performed" for us. It was a chilly night, but the heaters kept us nice and toasty.Service: This was our first meal that entire day, so we were FAMISHED. As a result, we asked for bread refills three times, and even then our server was still very patient and pleasant. The place was pretty busy, but we got seated very fast :). The place is huge!Food: I got the Thanksgiving set meal, which came with oysters and smoked salmon for appetizers, turkey for entree, and pumpkin bread pudding for dessert. All of that came out to $45 before tax and tips, and that utterly destroyed my wallet. Nonetheless, I thought it was worth the experience, and that meal was big enough to feed two :).
5	I rarely give 5 stars, but this place definitely deserves a 5*.. For the quality of food, the service, and the atmosphere..
4	Service is usually pretty good, the people watching from the outside patio is always fun, and the food is tasty!  The Bellagio fountains are right across the street, so when you sit outside on a nice sunny day, it's gorgeous!  Can't really go wrong!  The breakfast option is usually my favorite, I love a good quiche!  The french onion soup is good, and their filet mignon is always succulent and delicious!  I prefer their mashed potatoes over their fries, but that's just me.  Their food tends to run a little salty, so I wouldn't add salt until after I tasted everything... just an FYI.
4	We went for dinner on a Saturday night. The food wasn't particularly good (although the complimentary baguette was warm and tasty!).  Most items, including the beef bourguignon, (which I wouldn't recommend ordering), were lacking serious seasoning.  But the ambiance, the moderate prices (for Vegas!), and the view (we were seated at the window where we could watch the Bellagio fountain show) all made up for it!
5	I cant get enough of this place!! The steaks are the best in the west!! Its a french steakhouse and its a must everytime im in Vegas. Outside seating faces bellagio and you can dine while having dinner listening to the music and watching the water show.A las vegas landmark in my optionA++
4	Mmm the bread came with this carrot spread - so delicious; that was probably one of the highlights. We got great seating (a four person table all to my boyfriend and I) with a lovely view of the Bellagio fountains. We were craving french onion soup (onion soup au gratin) and this hit the spot! There's a generous amount of gruyere cheese in the soup; so ooey-gooey delicious. My boyfriend and I shared the filet mignon merlot, it was nice but nothing super special. One complaint is that our server didn't seem to know much about wine recommendations...other than that the food came quickly and was above average quality.
4	Yum! To start, I had a really well made cosmo and you'd be surprised how easy it is to screw up a cosmo. We were off to a good start. The bread they serve is delicious- real, fresh, french bread. For dinner, I ordered the scallops which were served with a puree of root veggies and brussel sprouts. It was outstanding. Service was wonderful from start to finish.I would return in a heartbeat.
4	I love mushroom soup and this place did not let me down. We ended up getting a few small plates each to try a little of everything and they were all worthy of a 4-star rating.
5	I have been here a number of times and I always have a good experience...especially after UNLVino.  I love the Steak Bearnaise with frites and drinks from the bar...see Adrienne (sp)?
4	The best time to go here is during lunch and you have to sit outside on the patio.  The reason I say lunch is because it's the best time to people watch and another the prices are very reasonable for its location. If you take a late lunch you also get the best view of the Bellagio water show as you eat.  I had the Brie and pear sandwich which was decadent and very well balanced and my husband got the seafood sandwich which was surprisingly refreshing.  I'm also a French fry addict and always have to order it no matter where I am and I have to say theirs were very good, they were thin cut and basic, but addicting.  I will definitely return the next time we are in town.
5	I have loved eating at Monami since my first visit.  The staff is always nice and helpful, and the food is delicious.  The first time I came, I had the filet mignon which was the best fillet I had tasted to date.  Always have to munch on the bread & butter, carrot spread or pate.  Try to put your name in for the patio seating at night so you can watch the Bellagio water show while eating.  We always make it a point to have one meal at Monami while in Vegas.  Breakfast dishes are also very good and the coffee is perfect.
4	Yum! Definitely order the chicken & brie sandwich...rich but so delicious with the brie & apple combo (they do this a lot for appetizers, so I was pleasantly surprised for this combination on an entree)Also the trout is yums, fries are a bit oily/thin and I personally didn't like it that much. Overall really good place to eat, not too expensive either!
4	Good food, great atmosphere, reasonable prices.  Right in the middle of the Strip.  Nothing not to like here.
4	Excellent restaurant that was able to accommodate 11 in only 2 hours notice. Fair price too for such a large crowd. Had their bleu cheese burger which was fantastic.
4	Read good reviews for Mon Ami - inexpensive (for Vegas), good food, etc. - and it totally lived up to it's expectations! Great seating area outside with a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains. Loved this! The space heaters are clutch, too.We ordered the baked cheese in tomato sauce and wolfed it down. I'm pretty sure we went through 3 baguettes just eating this! The main meals we ordered (chicken and brie sandwich and ham and cheese crepe) were just fine, but the baked cheese stole the show.Tried gluten free beer too - not bad at all! My only complaint is that the service was a bit slow. Everything else was a great experience. DEFINITELY order the baked cheese!!
2	Im typically a big fan of Mon Ami Gabi.. Been here several times but this last experience kind of left a bad and sickening taste in my mouth. To start our waiter was very stand-offish... It was very odd. Usually at nice restaurants you receive above adequate service. I have actually had better service at my local IHOP that I received that night. Which was a complete and total bummer.Unfortunately this isnt even the worse event of the evening. So, they're having a special that consisted of bacon wrapped sea bass. They had me at sea bass and put the cherry on top with bacon. Half way through my fish I notice that the middle of the sea bass steak is actually completely UNCOOKED! At first I think i'm imagining things so I have my dining mates look and sure enough.. uncooked! and not a small amount but a pretty substantial portion of meat. I call my waiter over and he does take it back and has the chef finish cooking it but It was all too much for me. Im not sure when I will be back. Whats most disappointing is that I KNOW the service and food quality MAG is capable of.
3	It's so difficult to pick a place to eat in Vegas with the multitude of options. I guess a packed house, like one is sure to see at Mon Ami, is a good sign.I found the bread to be stellar and a cute display (served as baguette style, as one would find in France; although in France, they don't have paper bags for their baguettes. I'm just sayin'). I had beef bourguignon and I bet even Julia Chiles would be proud of this version. Although, she might have been disappointed by my noodles that were waaaaaaay too soft.I'm pretty disappointed by my cocktail. How can a French restaurant mess up a French 75? The ambiance was nice with the heaters, the music and the Bellagio fountain show. I did feel a bit crowded on the patio though. There was little space to move. All in all, I would like to have my money back to try an equally expensive restaurant with a higher quality food and experience. You know Vegas has it. When you find it, let me know.
5	We could talk about the great service, or the pop in your mouth oysters, or we could even talk about the melt in the mouth steak but if you leave this place without the chocolate pudding you are insane. Special shout out to Irish Sean, our waiter and know that it was super gay friendly as I was there with my gorgeous girlfriend and her BFF gay boy friends.
3	For being in the center of the strip, it was surprisingly good. Service was better than the food, and there were many options to choose from.
4	Great food and excellent service.   Love the location.  Be sure to mk a reservation , esp if you want to sit on the patio.  We were seated in the sunroom which was actually better bc we were protected from the hot sun and this was in October!I've eaten here several times and at the location in DC.   Very good choice for the $
3	The atmosphere here is spectacular, especially with a view of the Bellagio fountains, but the food just did not live up to all of the hype. The meal started off with some nice sangria, a delicious baguette, and french onion soup, but went slightly downhill.Frangria - If they're known for sangria, I am going to try it, and this place delivered on it. It was nicely sweet with all of the fruit bits soaking in it but still strong enough. I just wish it was a bit cheaper.French Onion Soup - This was the standout of the meal. It had plenty of onion flavor and a huge helping of Gruyere cheese! I actually really loved this and another bonus is that it's huge. It definitely feeds two people, no problem. Steak Bearnaise - The steak was chewy to the point that both the bf and I had to spit out a couple of pieces. The Bearnaise was actually cold, and from my understanding, it is supposed to be served room temperature. It wasn't very flavorful either. The frites that came with them were unexpectedly thin, but quite good. They reminded me of those little fried potato matchsticks you can buy in a tin from supermarkets. Ahh childhood nostalgia.  Sea Scallops (entree) - I had actually ordered the appetizer version, with caramelized fennel and onion marmalade, but they mixed up my order and out came the entree with butternut squash puree and brussels sprouts. The scallops were cooked very well but everything else on the plate was not great. Perhaps this is because I'm not a fan of brussels sprouts. Also, the butternut squash puree was light and not an overpowering flavor, but again, didn't enjoy it so much.The staff here was wonderful and thankfully they didn't charge me extra for the mix up. The waitress did ask if I wanted to send the scallops back for the actual appetizer but I thought I would give the entree a shot. I must say I regret that a bit.  I may give this place another shot in the future, but for now, my only recommendation for this place would be the bread, french onion soup, and sangria. Also, make a reservation ahead of time as this place can be pretty busy.
5	This is my go-to restaurant in Vegas! I eat there at least on every time I go. You really can't beat the service for the price and the food is amazing. There is something for everyone on the menu. I felt like I was at a fancy 5 star restaurant. Amazing!
4	I'm impressed!  A casual dining experience with great food and service.  1,500 reviews can't be wrong.Came here for lunch on a Sunday, and the wait was minimal for those without reservations.Be sure to try:-BAKED CHEESE appetizer-FRENCH ONION SOUP-STEAK SANDWICH (comes with their signature frittes which kinda look and taste like mini potato chips)-SEA SCALLOPS
3	Made reservations for 4. Luckily we did, 'cause their line for walk-ins was getting pretty dang long when we arrived. For starters, we shared a half order of the mussels mariniere with white wine and herbs. Very yummy. Can't really go wrong with them mussels! I also ordered their four-mushroom soup on the side. Also, very yummy.The service is a bit slow because it's a fancy sit-down restaurant. But we munched on the bread while we waited for our entrees to come. 3 of us ordered steak. The Steak Classique with butter, the Steak Au Poivre with brandy and peppercorn, and the Steak Bordelaise with caramalized onions and red wine. Each steak dish came with frites. And their frites were amazing! It's like well-done in-n-out fries. Or string-like thin potato chips! The steak itself was thin, tender, and bit. But I've had better steak. The sauces could be better as well...Don't know if I can give them 4 stars. The ambiance is nice but the food isn't all that memorable... If I go back, I think I will try their breakfast menu instead...
4	So fun. Another birthday lunch, this time from a former boss.The only thing I wanted from this birthday was oysters. He recommended Comme Ca at the Cosmo unfortunately when we went, it was closed *sad face*So we walked over to Mon Ami Gabi. French faire and oysters on the menu! I was happy to finally try this place so, missing out on Comme Ca wasn't such a disappointment.Sitting outside wasn't an option as it was a nice warm day so, people were all about eating outside. Luckily, our indoor seating was still semi-outdoor. Think covered patio. The lighting was great with the sun shining in.Ordered my oysters and chicken breast; and he got steak. Normally, I would've gotten lamb or some other protein but, after stuffing my face in Hawaii, I figured a chicken breast meal was a healthy bet.Oysters were yummy. Shockingly fresh tasting. I just wish there was soy sauce to put on my oysters.Chicken was filling but not too much which is exactly what I was looking for. His steak was yummy, too.I'd love to come back here and try more things. Hopefully, get my lamb fix =)
5	I have been dinning at Mon Ami Gabi Rstaurant 2-3x year for the past 10 years. Five stars just does not give it justice and worth every bit of 10 stars! Service is the best on the strip, and bar tenders are so funny they need their own headliner show! Food is consistantly fantastic! Everything is fresh and cooked as requested. Sitting outside gives you a view of the B fountains unlike any other. I highly recommend this restaurant, its service, bar tenders and food for any occasion! Don't go to Vegas and not dinne here!
5	If I could write a cluster of expletives as my review for this place and not get kicked off Yelp, I would.  I mean, how the hell can food be THIS good?!  Drugs.  It's gotta be drugs.  The food MUST be laced with crack or something because the minute I left I immediately went into withdrawal.  I was in Vegas with some girlfriends and one of them had eaten here before.  She highly recommended it so we decided to give it a try.  I think we got there, say...around 12:00pm.  Maybe not the best time since 12 noon is universal lunch time.  Anyway, we get a buzzer, are told that it might be a 30 minute wait, and proceeded to peruse the menu.  Bad idea.  30 minutes felt like 30 hours after greedily seeing everything that was on the menu.  After what seemed like an eternity, our buzzer happily vibrated and we practically ran inside the restaurant.  Speed is not something that is highly valued here.  So let's just say that we probably waited a good hour for our food.  BUT!  But, my friends, we were prepared.  We each ordered either their mushroom soup or french onion soup.  Now, I'm not a big french onion soup aficionado, but this soup came w/ GLOBS of cheese.  I'm talking about just getting a chunk of it and throwing it in that bad boy.  Um..yeah, I was licking the cheese off the side of the bowl. And I wasn't alone.  The WARM french bread LOAF that they brought to the table was excellent.  I really had to restrain myself from not devouring the entire thing, we were so hungry!!!!  And finally, after staring every waiter down, after thinking that every tray was making its way to our table, we got our food.  I've never had french cuisine before and leave it to me to order the only non-French item on the menu: a bacon cheeseburger.  But it was topped with an egg!  Isn't that how the French eat it?!  No?  Oh.  Anyway, this burger made me want to cry, sing, dance, make love to it, yell at it for cheating on me with other patrons, stalk it on facebook, etc.  My friend sitting next to me ordered their seared ahi tuna burger and she was in heaven.  But alas, I was ill prepared for the culinary greatness that I was about to encounter.  One of my friends ordered their Steak Classique.  And...AND!...she ordered it medium rare.  When I took a bite of that steak, I swear I saw the second coming of Christ, because this HAD to be the end of the world.  I closed my eyes, bowed my head, and thanked God for letting me experience this moment.  Words cannot explain the series of emotions I felt after biting into this steak.  It's really not fair for food to taste this good.  I'm actually getting quite angry.  Damn steaktease.  The only negative (if you can call it that) that I'm giving belongs to...sigh...the frites.  Yes, they're labeled as french fries but they were straight up potato chips.  Now I love potato chips as much as the next man, but when I'm in the mood for FRENCH fries, I want my FRENCH fries, ya know?  Oh :(  But how can I stay mad at you, Mon Ami Gabi.  You are the perfect lover.
3	Great view of the Bellagio fountains and the food is solid French Bistro cuisine. With all of the amazing restaurant options Vegas has to offer, I can't justify giving this place a 4 but I would rank it as a 3.5. The food is solid and the price point is very fair for a restaurant on the strip with such a great view.I came here for lunch and there's a nice selection of crepes, sandwiches, and lunch entrees. The french fries here are the super thin crunchy kind so that was one of my favorites.
3	3.5 starsI ordered a cup of onion soup and the Salmon and my boyfriend ordered the steak with bordelaise sauce. The portions were very big but the food itself was not amazing. It reminded me of typical food you could get from a chain restaurant, but it was in no way bad. I love how the restaurant is right in front of the Bellagio hotel so you get a great view of the water show every 15 minutes. The restaurant is also very dimly lit and romantic. The .5 stars off was mainly for the slow service.
5	For my first time there, it was a really nice experience.Dinner was great, the ambience was so pretty we sat in the window room, even though the doors were open to the outdoor seating we were not cold.  Our service was incredible. I had steak & frites and when I could not decide between the bernaise or the poivre sauce, I was brought both. The steak was very tasty. When I could not decide on a glass of wine a cart was wheeled over and I was given tastes to decide on the right wine for me.We skipped on dessert this time. But we'll be back for sure!
4	We've been here for a decade and finally made it over to Mon Ami Gabi today! We're vegetarian and our server was very helpful with regards to choices. My husband ended up ordering a spinach/mushroom crepe, which the kitchen made for him without any hassle. I had the mushroom quiche. We would say that the food was probably an 8/10, with the desserts both being highlights. The service was wonderful - brisk and friendly, but not overly intrusive. Solid ambiance - darker woods and a lovely sun room that lets in a lot of natural light during lunch.
4	I had heard great things about this place and finally decided to try it for my husband's birthday weekend. It was fantastic! We ate outside on the patio around 10pm on a Friday night and it was still fairly busy. It was cold, like 40 degrees, but the patio had heaters everywhere and that made it comfortable enough to eat (with your coat on). It is arguably one of the best outdoor eating spaces on the strip. You can easily see the fountains of the Bellagio shows and watching the people on the strip is always entertaining. In fact, next time my friends and I are going to play some people watching Bingo while eating dinner here!While Mon Ami Gabi could rely solely on its location, the food is actually quite delicious and the service was fantastic. My husband had the bone in rib-eye steak and it was cooked perfectly for him. The Bearnaise sauce was lemony and a perfect compliment to the steak and a great dipping sauce for the frites. Oh the frites! They don't look like much at first but they have the flavor of a fry with the crunch of a chip! A delicious pile of perfection. I had the chicken Paillard with their mashed potatoes. The waiter suggested one of us try the mashed potatoes instead of both of us getting the frites and I was so thankful for that recommendation. The mashed potatoes were impeccable. I think I ate almost the entire pile before my husband got a bite. They were creamy and delicious and most likely overlooked since everyone raves about the frites. The chicken was also very good and served with fresh lemon and herbs. Overall, we had a great experience. The service was some of the best that I have ever received, our server was funny and made helpful suggestions. The view was fantastic and the food was delicious and affordable by Vegas standards. We will definitely be back!
4	Dined here for the first time last Saturday morning, for breakfast.  It was lovely and I will surely visit again on a future Vegas trip.  Oddly I must say that the more memorable part of a very nice meal was the wheat toast that accompanied my breakfast eggs and bacon.  The toast was very thickly sliced from rustic bread.  It was off the charts good.  Service was excellent and the room was pleasant and sunlit on a sunny but chilly morning on the Strip.
3	We came here for dinner. I would give them 2-stars, but they gave us a comp cream puff with lit candle in place to celebrate our friend's birthday. So, that was really sweet of them. Also, their service rocked. So no 2-stars, instead 3-stars.Their food is definitely let's-serve-"french food"-to-these-tourists sort of food. Although, they serve some fresh and warm french baguettes to start. (The comp bread is nicely paired with butter and pickled carrots. Yumsizzles.)The steak that they're so well-known for are fillets... FILLETS. That means the meat isn't succulent and is rather how do you say.. super dry. Also they're really expensive at $25 or more a pop. My friend got the steak with bernaise sauce ($25).The french onion soup was passable. I can make better. It was on the salty side. ($9)The scallops with butternut squash and brussel sprouts were imbalanced, both far too sweet and far too bitter. They were supposed to complement each other, but in my opinion, just didn't work.The french fries here are ninja-cut crazy fries, more like a hybrid between a chip and a fry. They're thin, messy, and far too crispy. You may like it, but I did not enjoy them since I was expecting french fries. They are paired with each steak course.All in all, pretty mediocre food for the price tag. I'd head elsewhere. After all Vegas is a mecca of good eats.
5	A perfect breakfast spot on the Strip.  Recently returned and was thrilled even more, so hence the 5 stars!  Actually took advantage of their under $10 make-your-own bloody Mary bar.  Olives, pickled veggies and even beef sticks!!  What a perfect idea!  I love my friend Gabi!
3	The restaurant itself is nice and the service was great.  The baked cheese appetizer was really good, but very rich. I got the crab cake appetizer as an entree and could not even eat it, fishy and gross! My boyfriend got the salmon which I tasted, it was okay but nothing special.  Maybe we just ordered the wrong stuff but I really wasn't impressed :(
5	Incredible restaurant on the strip! Very reasonable prices, outstanding service, an breathtaking views. Bar none, my favorite meal on the Strip.
5	91.00 for the following itemspatefilet mignon platesteak a la house2 glasses of winecomplimentary breadambiance: pleasant although a bit warm , scenery included the water show across the street which I enjoyed.service: server was attentive and nice eventhough she had another table with a whole bunch of rude drunks.Now on to the most important the FOOD:the pate came with bread and grapes (perfectwith the wine)The butter filet mignon was sooooo delishes my bf who ordered the larger steak even wanted my dish. The sidedishes these meat plates came with was "frites" which are just thinnly cut french fries, I'd love to have seen less fries and maybe another side like veggies! Overall I'm definitely returning when I'm in vegas.
4	As the lady from "I Can't Believe it's Not Butter" commercial says: "Mmmm, Oui like~" ;)FOOD: Boyfriend and I came here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised that we got seated quite quickly, I suppose since it was just for a table for two. We were escorted to a table for four, which I liked, it was much more roomy. Before ordering, you're given a complimentary baguette. I personally don't like baguettes, but I did love how soft the bread was on the inside and it's scrumptious with their lightly salted butter! So we ordered a Medium Hamburger with an Egg (eggs are optional, you can ask for it) at $12.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=WY4lwdmOoHEz3kqNbTy5Mg, a Medium Rare Prime Steak Sandwich at $14.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=kuQ8Vgt4HGeAOTzQQMtcUA, and finally a bowl of Four Mushroom Soup at $7.00/bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=n2rWGJfLS5zXk-E9-3oDHg. The soup was amazing, it starts off with a chunks of cut mushrooms at bottom, then the soup poured over it from a kettle of sorts. The soup itself was creamy and thick, loved the texture- it kind of warmed you to your toes in this weather. Then the mushrooms gives of their distinct flavor, it wasn't overpowering so the two went well together. The hamburger: it was huge. The one problem I had with it was that I had a very difficult time eating it. But it was delicious nonetheless! I loved the fact that they made the egg the way I liked it without even asking. It's cooked on the outside with the yolk runny on the inside. I advise to slurp all the yolk before putting the second half of the hamburger on or else you risk having soggy bread for the rest of the meal. The meat was tender, juicy and full of flavor, a definite treat for my taste buds! They also come with these extra crispy fries http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=ulCtrY7QWobYjGjrS2OesQ in those cool cone containers. I would recommend this (w/ the egg!) if you're looking for something more familiar to your taste. :DSERVICE: Impeccable. We had a waiter and an assistant waiter, so we were taken care of whenever we needed it. Our waters were always full and they checked up on us around every 40 or so minutes and both of them were very friendly people, I can't recall our main waiters name, but I remember our assistant waiter was named Stephani... Lovely young lady.AMBIANCE: Very fancy, walls are dark red wood laced with wine bottles with dim lighting to give that lustrous, private feeling so it's dark on the inside. The tables are set with those multiple forks and knives along with wine glasses. Tables are also set with paper tops for easy cleaning. They even have a causal dress code of no sleeveless shirts for men, most of the people that were there seemed almost well dressed, collared polo and khakis, women in nice dress shirts. But it's not mandatory, I think it's the atmosphere.Gotta check this place out if any of you are ever near Paris!
5	Just wonderful. Came here for breakfast and it was perfect. We decided to sit outside and it was a gorgeous day and the location is as good as it gets. You get a nice view of the Bellagio, Caesars, and The Cosmo and can people watch while you eat (in the non-creepy sense of the term). Our server was one of the best I've had while dining EVER. Demetrius was his name I believe. Real classy guy and had "The Sense" as I hope all servers do ("The Sense" - knowing when and how often to check in on a table). Very polite and seemed like a pro at his job. The food also came out quickly so that was impressive as well. I ordered the Turkey and Egg White Omelette which was delightful. Just the perfect amount of food for someone who is hungry but not looking to stuff his/her face till exploding. My gf kept it simple and just ordered the Three Egg dish and she enjoyed it. What was great about it was that the sausages were actual sausages. Not those dinky,  index finger-sized, shriveled sausages you normally get from a Denny's or Ihop. Prices aren't too bad either - pretty much average $11-18 a dish. This is a great place to come for breakfast or brunch. Highly recommended. Ask for Demetrius, he is great!
5	I rarely give 5 stars...and I'm really picky about my steak. I was in Vegas with the bf, decided I'd turn to Yelp for some good dinner recommendations. Yelpers, you didn't let us down. We came here for dinner our first night in Vegas.We had escargots as appetizer. My first time having snail so I had nothing to compare it to, and I tend to get hesitant about unusual/exotic foods...but bf said it was really good so we'll go with that.For dinner, I had the Filet Mignon Merlot Steak, medium-well, came with their fries. It was AMAZING, cooked to perfection, full of flavor. I like my meat to be juicy and tender but not very red. At a lot of places, if you request your meat to be well done, the meat comes out to dry, and if you want it juicy, you have to go with medium or rare. But this place did an amazing job at making it perfect - cooked well enough for my taste but still juicy and FLAVORFUL. Bf had the Steak Bordelaise, which he was very happy with as well.Great experience, will definitely be back when in Vegas again!
4	Eat a breakfast sandwich on a croissant on Gabi's patio. It was a delicious egg sandwich (having moved from Brooklyn to Peoria, IL, it is something I miss). The service was good and it was pretty cheap, but I think other things on the menu were more pricey. Picture of breakfast and view are in my profile.
4	This place is actually a treat for locals wanting to dine on the Strip!I'd usually try to avoid anything out here like the plague because of traffic and doucheyness but wanted to give this place a shot. Came here for a weekday brunch. Here's my breakdown:FOOD - Was nice. Nothing on the menu screams VIVE LA FRANCE but the quality of the food was good. Things were delicious. Friends got some burgers that filled them up. I got an onion soup that was nice but nothing mind-blowing. The stand-out item was the homemade bread. NOW THAT! Was awesome. Keep requesting that for super exploitation sake. Disappointment though. For a French cafe, they don't serve croque monsieur?! Outrageant!SERVICE - Super nice. Waitress was helpful. There's always staff on hand somewhere to get you what you need. No issues here.AMBIANCE - Pretty nice. Kinda looks like a Cheesecake Factory haha...sigh. Everyone loves the outdoor patio seating. Vegas rarely gets cold enough to turn it down. There's also a half-way outdoor patio seating you might opt for that puts you outside but not completely on the Strip.So why minus one star? They originally seated us next to some loud-ass guidos and requested to move haha. Don't let that deter you from trying this place out.
1	Burger and french onion soup was fine  But the pomme frites were AWFULL Ever had the dregs at the bottom of a order of french friess?   Just awfull skins still on and like tiny hard potato chips but worse.  First two oders with our burger were sent back the third try was hot but don't expect to get real french fries!! manager said we were the only couple to complain in 3 months.Je habitae in France por quinze   monats  never seen anyhting like this there!!Last time I ate there I got very sick...and I had not been drinking.How do I add a pix???
5	Such a good steak. One of the best I've had in a long time. Service was great as well.
4	I like the ambiance of this place, and the service we Received was top notch even though the place was packed.  The only reason i'm not giving this place 5 stars is because of the Beef Bourgogne I was servered.  The fresh baguette with fennel slaw was very very tasty, as we're the escargot and French onion soup.  I originally ordered the braised short rib special, offered that night, but i was later told it was sold out which was hugely disappointing, especially considering it was only 7:30pm or so.  Anyway, I went with the Beef Bourgogne since it was listed as a restaurant "classic" on the menu, hoping my braised meat craving would be satisfied.  Unfortunately the beef Bourgogne came to my table looking like hot dog food over egg noodles.  It was just a big plate of mush, really.  We were on our way to a show, or I would have asked to send it back.  Plus, honestly, I was pretty satisfied with the starters I'd already eaten, so it wasn't like I was starving by then.  All in all, I would go there again in a heartbeat; I just would never order the beef Bourgogne if I could avoid it.  My husband and the rest of the family got steaks that all tasted amazing.  Big plus: I had laryngitis, and the waitress was very understanding, quickly getting me tea with lemon and honey at the end of my meal, which I know is not a typical request.
4	This place was busy when we went and they wouldn't seat us until everyone from our reso was there (fair enough). I had the salmon and it was just ok, the bone in rib eye steak ($39) with bernaise was much better. The mushroom soup to start was good, as were the crab cakes. We had the banana crepe, creme brulee and profitroles for dessert and the crepe was the best. It is really big so be sure to share it with someone! The service was ok, we had to ask a couple times for refills. Great value, but the quality isn't as good as the higher end steak places but that's to be expected. There were 9 of us and we all had appetizers, entree and dessert and drinks and it was $475 with tax and 18% tip.
4	One of the things you HAVE to do while in Vegas ... eat breakfast.  Whether it is that crazy night or just because you are on vacation.  I'm not normally a breakfast eater, but I do like to eat breakfast while in Vegas.Service - 5 StarsCleanliness - ExcellentPrice - $17.58 (includes tax and tip).Seafood - Yes, smoked salmonMeats - Yes, chicken, bacon, steak, hamVegetables - Yes, salads.Dessert - YesFruits - YesOther - (1) Located in the Paris Hotel, (2) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here. (3) Try to get the patio seating because it's a great spot to people watch since it faces Las Vegas Blvd.What was ordered:Emergen-C Drink ($4.95) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Simply orange juice.  Perfect because it is packed with vitamin C, but also very tasty start for the morning.  The orange juice was served in a flute glass.  The orange juice was not overtly sweet and nicely chilled--yet a bit flat.Three Eggs ($9.95) - A-Okay (4 Stars) - 3 eggs with your choice of crispy bacon or sausage.  All egg dishes are served with breakfast potatoes (aka hash browns) and toast.  Let me give you the breakfast entree breakdown:*3 eggs - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - You get your choice of how you want your eggs cooked--scrambled or sunny side up.  I chose scrambled and they were cooked very nicely.  Mmm, tasted so good with ketchup.  I wanted to add some Tapatio (or any hot sauce), but I didn't think they had it and was a bit embarrassed to ask for it.*Sausage - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - You have a choice of regular or chicken sausage.  I chose regular sausage--you get 2 elongated ones.  The sausages were approximately 6 inches in length and 0.7" in diameter.  The skin were cooked to a beautiful toasty brown color.  The sausage was nothing more than porky heavenly goodness.*Breakfast Potatoes - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - Approximately 5" x 5" square area of hash browns.  The outer portion was cooked until nicely toasted--with a perfectly soft texture on the inside.  *Toast - Meh! I had better (2 Stars) - You get two pieces of thick toasted bread--3.5" x 3" x 1.5."  All I can really say is it felt like eating extra large croutons.The Mon Ami Gabi staff seated us on the patio which is perfect because the weather was nice and we could people watch at the same time.  It is nice to finally relax with the family and have good food.  The food here is good, but was not extraordinary--hence my struggle.  I've rounded up so Yay! I'm a Fan!
5	Oh Yes !!! you did it again Mon Ami Gabi..Had lunch here on 12/16/2011  This is a spot on consistent restaurant. We always have lunch here at least once whenever we come to Vegas and it never fails the outstanding experience... Just think about it , the weather is in the 60's you are seating outside with both views of the Eiffel Tower and The Bellagio fountains across while sipping Mimosas or a fine Pinot Noir. Then you have an excellent meal whic consists of escargots, french onion soup, a filet mignon with pomme frittes ..chocolate souffle for dessert....priceless..
5	great view for Bellagio foundation show!Ordered French Onion soup and Classic Quiche Lorraine - both are amazing and one of the best I ever had!
3	This place has a 5 star location in terms of view. In terms of wait time it and chaos, it probably only gets a 1 star. The architects designing this place clearly had no concept of crowd control. Trying to get in and out was ridiculous. Combine that with the bathroom being outside the restaurant; it was miserable trying to push through the crowds to get out and wash my hands.Reservations were easy to make on my Yelp iPhone app via Opentable. We showed up; was seated after a lengthy delay (they DO NOT honor your reservation time!). Our server was super nice and made sure our side dishes were low on the calories and cooked in olive oil and not butter after conferring with the chefs.Bread and butter plus a fennel apple salad appetizer was placed on the table. When I knocked over Hubs' freshly poured glass of wine, they were nice enough to replace it. We both ordered steak frites; cooked well and the portions were huge. We also tried the french onion soup which was a solid hit.Touristy and crowded.
4	Great food and service. Best view of the strip!
3	After a pre-Christmas trip to Vegas, my mom and I made our usual pilgrimage to Mon Ami for lunch. The ambiance is still the same, great views of the strip and the people walking by (who needs to pay $75 for a show when you can see a guy dressed like a knock off Woody the Cowboy walk by?).  I have to say, I was kind of disappointed on this trip. I ordered my usual Croque Monsieur and when it came out, it was about half the size it used to be. Not only that, but it tasted completely different. They added another piece of bread to the top of it which is kind of unnecessary but I went with it. Something about the sauce was totally off too. It tasty grainy and bland...nothing like it usually tastes. The service was meh too. I hope on my next annual trip I'll have a better review and that I just hit them on a bad day cause this really has been one of my Vegas staples for a long time.
5	The food there was very good and so was the service. It a nice and classy place.
4	After reading about this place from Michelle T. and Carol L.'s reviews, I've decided to bookmarked this place to try when I'm back in Vegas.   I remember driving by this restaurant on Las Vegas Blvd. and  wondered if it was any good.  I made a reservation through open table for 10:30am. and asked for a patio seating.  My mom decided that it would be too cold to sit outside in a 57 degree weather so we decided to sit indoors right next to their patio seating area.  Even at this time, the restaurant was pretty much filled up.It's a pretty long walk from the self parking lot at the Paris hotel to this restaurant.  We were getting lost trying to figure out where it was.  You have to pass all the shops and the casino lobby area to the very front of the hotel.  Don't wear heels.  The food here is definitely worth trying out for brunch/breakfast.  Strawberry waffles---5 stars!  Very crunchy made with buttermilk batter and topped with fresh strawberries.  Goes well with their warm maple syrup.  Very light and not heavy.  Ham and Cheese omelette with gruyere cheese--4 stars.  My mom ordered this and she seemed to be happy with her dish.  Came with bread (5 stars) I just can't seem to remember the type of bread but it was delish!  The hash browns were flaky and excellent.Crepes- BF ordered this dish but we were both not too pleased with the texture and overall taste.  I'd skip on their crepes.  2 stars.French onion soup-  Yeah, it's $9 for a big cup of soup.  BUT, it's worth every sip!  We ended up fighting for the cheeeeeeeese!  Not too salt unlike other soups I've tried.  This is one soup I'd come back and order again!  Must order as an appetizer. Big enough to share with two people.  5+stars!Coffee--Very good coffee.   They are very good about offering refills whenever your cup is half way done.  5 starsService--Top notch!  5 stars!  Outstanding service from the minute you walk into the restaurant.   Ambience--LOVE it!  Wish they had a location in LA because I'd be a frequent customer!
4	Favorite dishes: escargot, seafood crepe, mussels, salmon salad, and crab cakes.I always come here whenever I go to Vegas just to eat their escargots. Best escargot!!!
3	Whenever we're in Vegas, we have dinner at Mon Ami Gabi, our favorite restaurant in Vegas.  We were there for Thanksgiving dinner this year and had an outstanding turkey dinner. So, knowing that turkey was again on the menu and we would be in Vegas for Christmas, we happily made reservations at Mon Ami for 6:30 PM on Christmas Day.  With reservations, the wait is minimal.  And, so it was this Christmas Day.  We were seated by a window overlooking the famed Bellagio Water Fountains.  We settled in for a romantic dinner.  The server, who (and I kid you not) was the spitting image of Flo from the Progressive car insurance commercials.  She flew by and said, "We're out of turkey."  Huh?  How can you be out of turkey at 6:30 PM on Christmas Day? We had much a much later reservation on Thanksgiving and there was plenty of turkey then.  When the server returns, we tell her how disappointed we are about the turkey.  We were looking forward to their excellent turkey dinner for Christmas.  She didn't apologize. She shrugged and asked for our order.  We asked for a couple more minutes and it was obvious by the look she gave us that she wasn't happy with us.We decided to have appetizers (oysters for me, salad for hubby) and split a steak with pommes frites.  After she took our order, we overheard another server telling his table about the evening's specials.  We then realized our server had never mentioned them to us.  When hubby saw the manager, Constantine, walking by, he asked him to stop by our table.  We shared how disappointed we were not to have turkey on Christmas.  He profusely apologized and told us we had every right to be upset. he had already received complaints about running out of turkey.  He said someone in the back had not ordered enough turkey for the weekend.  He wanted to make it up to us when the check came.  Hubby had asked for a glass of ice when he ordered his wine.  When the server came back with the appetizers, he reminded her that he still didn't have his glass of ice.  She promised to bring him one as soon as possible.  As she walked past me, I heard her say, "Christ!"  Finally, halfway through dinner, the glass of ice came.After dinner, we asked the server to see the dessert menu.  I asked for coffee while we waited for the menu.  I got my coffee and we waited and waited.  Finally, she comes not with the menu but with our check.  When hubby reminded her that we wanted to have dessert, she said, "You said you didn't want dessert, only coffee."  Not wanting to argue, we asked for the menu again.  By the time it came, I was ready to leave.  Dinner was a big disappointment.  Constantine, however, came through.  He gave us a 50% discount off our meal.  We thank you, Constantine.  You were a class act!  Yes, we'll come back.  Their food is delicious and their location is perfect.  We're chalking the experience to an off night.  Every restaurant has one and unfortunately we were there for Mon Ami Gabi's.
5	What a find! I would venture that it's the only place on the strip where you can have such a great view and good food at such a reasonable price. The bread was delicious, the drinks were great, and the steak was gigantic, it could have really been split between two people. We sat on the inner patio and still had a great view of the Bellagio show. Service was good. And our waiter even spoke with a French accent (although I'm 98% sure it was fake to increase the ambiance).
2	Someone shoot me next time I try to come here.  I don't know why I come back here.  The only saving grace is the service.  Food sucks. The steaks have been flattened by a bus so it's pretty much impossible to have it cooked any way but well done.  The noise level is ridiculous.  I was literally shivering eating dinner, it's so cold.  I guess they have to keep it so cold so they can cool down the outside seating area (and the rest of Las Vegas.)In a word -- sucks.
3	Met the familia in Vegas for Xmas reunion and picked this spot for our Xmas dinner. Made a reservation for 9 ppl way in advance (thankfully since they were not taking walk ins till past 10 pm!). I never understood why restaurants refuse to sit a group until the whole party arrives. My PIL got a little lost and so we were seated a tad late but at least they didn't give up our table! ^_^Our server Sarah was excellent and the bussers were great too. Food came out pretty steadily after we ordered. The food came in massive portions and are very well priced! I tried:Fries - most of the mains came with their house cut fries that were more like potato chips! Crispy and quite addictive.Crab Cakes - Not very good at all, mushy and blah...Escargot - Very goodDuck Confit - Great flavours but not a confit, the skin was not crispy and fat was not rendered off.Steak Classique - Steak was a little grizzly, the butter compound was deliciousSteak Bernaise - Steak was tough and chewy, bernaise was OK but a bit broken.Roast Chicken - very good.Rib eye - Seasoned very well, cooked to right temperature but grizzlySalmon - Tad overdone but the spinach was amazingCod (Fish of the day) - Very good and cooked wellScallops - Best dish of the night, even with the sweet butternut squash puree it was good.Crepe - GoodCreme Brulee - blah...Profiteroles - meh..Not so descriptive since I pretty much tried every dish on the table (my family is great like that!!).
4	Tasty food, good service, nice view of the strip....I enjoyed my food... I found it to be well prepared. Attentive service. Loud-ish and crowded, but, hey, so are true Parisian bistros. I noticed some people considered it touristy, but that's to be expected in Vegas (hello... its all tourists...!) Its still good food and a cute place to sit on the strip.Give it a try!
4	Love this place!  We definitely make it a staple every visit to Vegas.  Great food for affordable prices.  Ordered a smoked salmon & egg salad tartine (with fries) for something like $13 (for lunch).  Never had a bad meal here.Pros & Tips:-Sit outside for a view of the Bellagio fountain show; it is semi-blocked by trees but it's good enough.-French fries are A-MAZ-ING!  If you order a sandwich that comes with chips, sub the fries!  Might be a small charge but it's so worth it.  They are thin, flat, and crispy.  Buon appetit!
4	Great ambience! Good food. Pleasant experience.
4	WOW. WOW. WOW.The staff was attentive. The view of the Bellagio Fountains from the patio was romantic. They serve bread (freshly baked) and butter at each meal.I ordered a salmon and was EXTREMELY please. Most places over-cook fish and I'm a stickler for properly cooked fish. I'm constantly yelling at my husband, "Don't over-cook the fish!" In fact, I'm surprised I ordered the fish, considering how often I have been disappointed by restaurants in the past. Mon Ami did not disappoint!Overall... very happy with this restaurant. I read some past YELP reviews and noticed the "understaffed" comments. All I have to say is that it's really difficult for restaurants to staff appropriately for rushes. We, however, were there during a "non-rush" time and were extremely flattered by the attentiveness of the staff. Good Job!
4	Consistent winner and top choice for me on any Vegas visit. Mon Ami Gabi does a French affair well. The service is non-pretentious and inviting. The decor is bistro-like and warm. The view from the patio seating is premium if the Storm Trooper isn't too intrusive from the sidewalk. The food is tastefully done and consistently good. This place certainly has a winning combination.
4	Great food, great service, beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain if you sit outside.  We had the liver mousse (yum), mussels (yum) and the steak with blue cheese (yum).  They even have my favorite wine here (sancerre).  Love this place.
5	Amazing! I am not usually a meat and potatoes person, but this place may have changed my mind. The crusty baguette with butter was a great starter, the filet merlot was mind blowingly good, the service was fast and very friendly despite the place being packed, and the ambiance was great. Also very reasonably priced for a Las Vegas steakhouse. Will be returning for sure next year.
4	My Friend, Gabi! 4.5 stars for you! How wonderful & tasty you are! I reallllllyyyy wanted to give you a 5-star but my friends felt that a 4-star was more just. I am so excited that my friends and I decided to go eat steak in Vegas instead of the usual buffet. My sister was the first to recommend me to try Mon Ami Gabi and although I was hesistant, I decided to go. And man, I definitely do not regret my experience at Mon Ami Gabi!Let's start with the atmosphere and service. The atmosphere is definitely a romantic one, and one where you're facing the Ceasar's Palace fountain. The view is amazing and even though we were sitting inside, it was still a nice atmosphere. As for the service, I thought our waitress did a really great job with us. There were 10 of us, which you can imagine how annoying it can be, and yet she was very friendly and very patient with us. Our waitress made great recommendations for us, she constantly checked up on us, and she was very patient and nice about splitting up the bills for us.Now, let's get to the drinks, entree, and dessert. Here's everything I had and tried: Fangria (drink), Filet Mignon with merlot butter (entree), Creme Brulee (dessert), and White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Ice Cream (dessert). Fangria: If you've ever had gluhwein (mulled wine), this was like the best gluhwein you'll ever had. It's almost like a chilled gluhwein with just a hint of rosemary. It was a perfect beginning to our New Year's Night.Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter: I had mine cooked to medium rare and I loved that the chef cooked it just the way I like it. There weren't any blood dripping down my plate but the inside of the steak was a bit reddish pink. Not just that, but the filet was cooked so tender with the surface a bit glazed. Also, the merlot butter is BY FAR the best sauce I've ever had with filet. It's probably the best pairing with steak and now, I know how I like my steak to taste like! Frites: This came as a side with my filet mignon. I can see why some people may not like their fries but it was my favorite! I'd say Mon Ami Gabi's fries comes as 2nd best fries I've ever had (after Michael Symon's Bspot's Lola Fries). These fries are really thin and really crispy. If you usually like those big fries with lots of potato or sweet potato in it, then this isn't for you. These are really thinly sliced fries with just the right amount of crunch.Creme Brulee: SOOOOOO GOOD! I don't think I've ever had terrible creme brulee and Mon Ami Gabi's definitely didn't disappoint either. However, I think the creme brulee could've have used a little more vanilla bean extract.Bread Pudding: meh. if anything, this might be the reason I lowered a star for mon ami gabi. The bread pudding was great, it just wasn't the best i've ever had. Overall, I loved this restaurant. I think it's a must try if you want to have great reasonable pricing steak and still end up with a great deal! My bill at the end came up roughly $50 (including tax and gratuity). Mon Ami Gabi! Thanks for a great New Year's Eve dinner.
5	DinnerWait - made reservations through yelp. no waitenvironment- romantic, especially the view of the Bellagio fountain. service - very nice people, very helpful. we were seated in the back, when we asked for a seat in the front they moved us after another table leftordered- Onion Soup (a must get) the cheese was creamy, the soup was awesome. the perfect taste, not too salty and not too bland. the filet mignon steak, it wasnt my favorite. but it was decent. the creme brule was great!! a must try.
5	We made reservation thru yelp - first time doing so - and it was a seamless experience.  We were planning to go to a show from 6-8 so made dinner reservations at 9.  Plans changed and we were idle and hungry at 7:30.  We decided to head over and see if we could move up the reservation, but were dismayed to see a long line up.  We asked anyway and the hostess found my yelp reservation (yay!) and said, "of course.  would you like to eat now?".The place was packed the night before NYE as we were led thru the space to our cozy little table for 2. Our waiter Franciose was spectacular.  Sooooooo charming and attended to every little detail. The amuse bouche that came with the bread was an addictive little slaw of grated beets, fennel and a peppery vinaigrette.  Could have eaten a large salad plate of the stuff.  Franciose was very happy to describe all the ingredients to us.  Hopefully it can be replicated at home!  We sampled a plate of 3 cheeses which were all divine.   I had the 2 specials of the night Parsnip soup and Dover Sole Menueire.  My husband had French Onion soup and Steak Bordelaise. Food was fantastic, by any standard.  Service tonight was superstar!!!
2	I was a bit disappointed. We waited about 20 minutes for patio seating for 2, which ended up being indoor seating because I got inpatient and hungry. Why would you give us the option after we were standing in line for so long, it should have just been a check in point. Oh well, so we waited another 10 minutes on top of that to be seated in the isle way, right between indoor and outdoor, I sat in the booth part and my bf sat in the chair right in the walkway of all the servers. As soon as the next table over sat down I was so squished, no place to put my purse and his backpack, not comfortable at all. The lighting was horrible, one minute it would be super bright from the sun outside and the next super dark with the cloud cover and dim indoor lighting. Service lacked, the 3 servers were in earshot as they tried to pass our table among themselves, really?... You're like 3 ft away from me and you're at work. Food wasn't that great, although our apps were yummy smoked salmon and pate, entrees were covered in sauce and bland, after half of my meal I felt a little sick of it. I knew I should have just gotten the soup, oh well. I'll skip this place next time.
4	Weekday lunch no reservation needed.  Great service and great food as well.  Heres the summary:Complementary bread - hot right out of the ovenSangria - pretty awesome, lots of depth with the spices vs fruity sugary sangriasEscargot - butterygarlicygoodnessSteak sandwich - cooked to perfectionFries - thinly sliced and deliciousStaff - very helpful, informative, and courteousAmbience - very relaxing and enjoyableWe took a nice warm table on the inside since it was 40s and windy outside.  Its nice that they have that option since the outside sets you along the busy strip to people watch, while the inside provides a intimate dinning setting.  They are known for their Steak which I would want to try on a future occasion (not in a sandwich).  They also have great hours (open late) which makes this place always an option for those awesome vegas nights.
5	How do people view French food?  "Bread and wine", "Snails", and "I don't know, all I know are French Fries" are the popular answers in America, but after you try this place out there is no other answer but delicious.  We have eaten the escargot, the French onion soup, the Filet Mignon, the Sirloin, and drank some wine.  Let me start with the appetizers.  The escargot and the French onion soup was delightful.  It was my first time trying the escargot, and it was sublime!  There is a sort of cheesy texture to it; not what I had expected, but it was very good.  The French onion soup was the best I have ever had.  Most French onion soups are (in one word) salty.  Very little salt taste in this one, but the cheese inside this soup makes up for the absence sodium.  Very creative and very good.  If you have not tried their escargot or French onion soup, I suggest you try these two when trying this restaurant.The bread and butter that came with the meal was great.  Real French style bread and the butter which melted on the bread upon contact was wonderful.  Their wine selection was adequate.  I had myself a Bordeaux and the misses had a Nutty Russian.  The wine was a great compliment to the bread and butter and later the steaks, but the Nutty Russian had too much alcohol for a mixed drink to my taste.  Now the main dishes: the steaks!  Let me start by saying the Filet Mignon here is now my personal standard for all Filet Mignons.  The beef steak cut literally like butter!  I had ordered it medium rare (how steak should be eaten).  The moment I bit into a piece of that steak, my mouth was filled with an over joyous sensation that can not be put into words.  You just have to try it for yourself.  The misses' Sirloin was good, but it was nothing compared to my steak.  The service here is great.  The waitress made us feel as if we were good friends.  Great conversation, did not feel rushed, and made our experience all the better.  The food came out on time, and when something was late like our appetizers, she explained why in full detail; without us asking.  This shows punctuality on her part.  This is definitely one place I am coming back to eat in when I am in Vegas again.  Not just being the best French restaurant, but let's name this place a great steakhouse too, if not just for it's Filet Mignon.  Cheers everyone and happy yelping!!
5	Great food here.Banana Foster's Waffles (might be the best waffles I've had)French Toast (wife said it was the best french toast she's had)Corn Beef with hash browns (corn beef was decent but the hit were the hash browns which had some sort of caramelized onion on it)Awesome food.  We had a group of 10 (6 adults and 4 kids)
4	This place so delicious! My good friend took me on a friendly date while the rest of our group when to a concert. I was a bit leery at first bc I didn't want my friend to spend too much. To my surprise everything was moderately price. We had wine appetizers I had the salmon and my friend had the steak for a total of $100! What a deal! The restaurant is located across from the Belagio so we had a fantastic view of the fountain :)  The salmon was the best I've had. And the steak? Out of your mind delish! Great ambiance as well as cuisine! If you're in Vegas and looking for good food at a good price this is your place.
1	We went here because of the mass reviews on Yelp. Let me just say that the reasons why this place is getting a one star is because the bad service we got from our server Efrain M. He made us feel comfortable at all! There was no Hello, how are you, just grumpy what do you want kind of attitude. I used to waiter but even on my bad day, I would leave all that at the door. We ordered the Ahi Tuna Burger and The Prime Steak Sandwich (which was pretty much the only thing that cheer me up) the Scallops felt like it was a couple days old, and the Seafood Crepe was not very apetizing. Seafood tasted smelly and old! The Chicken Bri Sandwich looks like they pilled a bunch of S on it. But worst of all, this place is so OVERATED! Don't go here unless you want to eat mostly SH***Y food and crappy service. Stay AWAY!!!
3	Lovely breakfast place and good for people watching. The fountains don't start till 3 but if you can get patio after that there is a good view. Food was moderately pricy but good portion size.
4	The food is good but the service is hit or miss.
4	Great location and great place and if weather permits it's a great place to dine out on their patio, which I requested when I went their with my bf.  If you come here for lunch or dinner you get a wonderful view of the Bellagio water show just across the street.The server was attentive to our needs and the food was good. I got their crab and shrimp seafood salad sandwich but the only complaint I have about it is that it was WAYY too salty. It was too salty to the point that I had to dig into the bread they gave us in the beginning just to finish the salad. On a more positive note, my bf got their classic steak dish and that wasn't a disappointment at all.I would definitely come here again to try something different on their menu. It was a good way to end out trip in Vegas.
4	Came here with my wife for dinner and sat outside on the patio with a great view of the Bellagio water show. Nice setting for a good dinner.-Frisee and warm bacon salad: Had a poached egg on top and when you crack that thing open and let it mix in with the salad it was excellent. One of the better salads I have had.-French Onion soup: My wife had this as her starter and it was great. Quality gruyere and great flavor.-Bone in ribeye without bernaise sauce: Cooked medium rare on the more rare side which was perfect. One of the better bone in's that I have had.- Roast Chicken & Frittes - My wife had this and I was upset that she got roast chicken but it was excellent. Great crunch on the skin and very tender and moist chicken. Fries were also tasty.Sides:Brussel sprouts and sauteed mushrooms: Hard to go wrong with either. Fairly standard but brussel sprouts were better than most.
4	Anything off their steak ffrites menu is absolutely amazing and I make sure I come here every time I visit Vegas. Don't bother with their seafood options (I've been spoiled by the seafood in SF and Seattle, so I'm pickier than most) and dessert menu. This is an amazing place to take a date or your significant other because right across the street is the fountain show at the Bellagio that occurs about every half hour.
4	I enjoyed myself so much at this restaurant, I went there for 3 meals (2 dinners and 1 lunch) during my 4 day-3 night stay. The bartenders, waiters, waitresses, and the random workers filling my water glass and bringing my bread were lovely people! The hostess not so much.The food was kind of hit or miss- I loved the steak and frites (au poivres and bordelaise), the salmon (I'm not a fish fan, but it came on a lovely bed of mashed potatoes, pearl onions, and roasted garlic), champagne, and belvedere martini (alcohol is food, sure). I was not so fond of- banana fosters crepe (the crepe was a little rubbery, bananas were raw, and it was all covered in melted brown sugar, altogether it could have been much, much better), fish and frites (the pan fried fish lacked seasoning, and it had a weird texture), creme brulee (it had too much burnt taste).The reason why I give it four stars, is because when you're sitting on the patio sipping champagne, watching the ridiculous tourists do their ridiculous tourists things, with the Bellagio fountain dancing serenely to Con Te Partiro across the street, you can't help but love your life. Well, my life. I had a lovely experience, and oftentimes in Vegas, that is what you pay for- the experience.
5	Best filet mignon I've ever had! And I live in LA where I've tried plenty of filet mignon dishes at numerous fancy restaurants. I went to Vegas twice in a two week period, and came back to Mon Ami Gabi on my second visit. I wondered if the filet I had on my first trip was a fluke, but I ordered it again and it lived up to its high expectations. I order the filet mignon with the roquefort butter - it's a must try!! They serve it with some sort of vegetable, or you can choose fries I believe. The service at Mon Ami is excellent. The servers are courteous and prompt, and if you stop to look around you can see everyone working really hard. I also tried Mon Ami for brunch. I tried the crepe with fruit, it wasn't as amazing as the dinner I had there but it was still good. For brunch we sat on the patio which I definitely recommend. It's great for people watching and to see the Bellagio fountain show of course! For dinner they will bring out a little baguette with butter before your meal. It's warm and delicious! The prices are as expected for a nice restaurant. It's not cheap. It's not ridiculous. The bottom line is that it's GREAT food on the Vegas strip, which is sometimes really hard to find. The only thing that can be tough about this place is the wait time. If you want to go there call and make a reservation! There are always people waiting no matter what time you go. I really love this restaurant, I wish they had one in LA. I'm still daydreaming about my filet mignon.
4	Went there with my wife this last Thanksgiving.   We had a "date night"  without kids so we decided to try out this place -- mainly because of the positive YELP reviews, as well as the great location.  If you sit outside, there is a great view of the Bellagio outdoor water show.   Our view was blocked at times, however, by those advertisement trucks that pollute the Vegas Strip.  They have heat lamps so it is still pretty warm even once the sun sets.  We ordered the filet mignon (pretty good here) with the roquefort butter.  The ambience was perfect for a romantic dinner.  We didn't feel rushed by our waittress and she was very nice, checking on us from time to time without being too intrusive.  We usually don't take longer than an hour or hour and half for dinner when it's just the two of us, but because it was so relaxing we stayed for close to two hours!   Wouldn't recommend this place for those with kids but overall had a great experience!  Next time we are in Vegas, we'll definitely drop by again!  By the way, make sure you make reservations before you go as it gets crowded.  You can make reservations online too I believe.
4	Hostess situation was bad.  Snotty young girls telling everyone they were sooo busy the wait would be forever.  We had reservations but were shuffled off into another line and told they didn't know when we would get seated.  We suffered the indignity of the hostess and were glad we did.  The waiter was very good and the food was amazing.   The restaurant  was steadily busy and the wait staff was handling it very well.  The view was good but if you get the opportunity to sit on the patio it would be awesome!  Not a place for quite conversation since it is fairly noisy but again the food and service was great.  Get the hostess situation under control and they would have a solid 5 stars.
4	Had the best steak everrrrr... Fillet Mignon Merlot was great!!! And the view of the Bellagio fountain was also nice. Try to sit outdoor though, I think it's part of the experience. It's a bit pricey but if you think of the food quality and ambience, it's really pretty reasonable :)
5	I'm officially spoiled. I will never visit Vegas again without going to this restaurant at least once. It's right on the strip directly across the Bellagio and the water show. The dark ambiance was extremely beautiful and the place is huge, so lots of seating. We got the best seat in the house, right in the center of the patio. We had to wait a little while for our seat, so my friends and I got free drinks just because we had to wait (so nice of them!). There were heaters outside so we were very comfortable. It was a cold night after all. We tried the escargo and mussels. Both were delicious, though I preferred the mussels because I just love seafood. I ordered the salmon with mashed potatoes and mushrooms. It was out of this world delicious. The mashed potatoes were so smooth they melted in my mouth. Don't know how they got them so smooth. The salmon was unbelievable, and so were the  mushrooms. My friends got steak and it was very thin and cooked exactly how they asked. They couldn't stop raving about it. The service was excellent, the food was excellent, the location and ambience were PERFECT. I can't wait to go back.
4	I came to celebrate my friends birthday here with Norma Jean O. To really experience this place you HAVE TO SIT ON THE PATIO. It just brings a certain ambiance to it, and I can't deny, if they replaced our eccentric tourists with more sofisticated strollers, I'd be as close to the look and feel Paris as I can get. The view is worth the seating and price, and it really sets the mood for something intimate or toned down. Definitely an atmosphere to easily strike conversation.I had the All Natural Chicken Breast with Frittes. It was a great dish, but the only thing I was really dissappointed about was the fact that the dish was nothing special. Nothing that makes Mon Ami's chicken breast different from any other joint that serves chicken breast. I'd expect a 5 star quality chicken experience for the price you pay for. The chicken was very tender, and it is a big portion of chicken so that made me feel a bit more satisfied. I watched my friends eat the escargot for appertizer. Honestly, it smelled delicous and sounded delicous, but my heart wasn't ready to try it so I passed on that one. But, if you have a strong stomach and heart, and have the courage to try it, I WOULD suggest to try it. I heard its amazing.We pretty much knocked down a bunch of desserts in the end, but what I loved and remembered was the banana bread with ice cream. Soft and delicous, and it had that light crunch due to the walnuts. Yay!
2	this is hard to write since this is where we ALWAYS go for good food and beautiful ambience.  first, the ambience...wonderful setting.  We either sit on the patio or in the glass enclosed conservatory because on the hour and half hour, the fountains of Bellagio give a great show.You truly feel as if you are in Paris in the restaurant.   Next, the food.... I ordered mussels.  Now, I love mussels.  Have eaten them whenever I see them on a menu.  these mussels were the FIRST time they weren't cleaned properly.  I ordered the half portion and about half of them still had the "beard" (that hairy little leg) on them ...that's a MUST to get rid of.  disgusting.  I showed them to the waiter who said nothing.  a good waiter would have suggested a replacement or taken it off our bill and I should have complained more  but, we will still go back to Mon Ami Gabi but next time I will only order the cheese plate!
2	We decided to check out this restaurant because a.) It got good reviews on here and b.) They offer a (meager) gluten free selection. While my food wasn't bad per sey, I could imagine having had a better omelet at Denny's. My bf's gluten free eggs Benedict was also seemingly sub-par in the flavor department. Even taking into account the taste discrepancies between regular and gluten free items, I didn't feel like this breakfast lived up to the hype. I could however imagine their dinner fare is a bit better - the green beans that came with my omelet were the best part of the meal :)Service was excellent - friendly and efficient.
4	Best crepe I have ever had! I went there thinking it would be overpriced and overrated, was I ever wrong. Ginger and carrot soup was absolutely amazing and the crepes that followed( seafood and chicken/broccoli) were full of flavor and spot on. We missed out on the patio seating but I could careless since we went there to eat. If you need a good lunch check it out.
4	RESERVE A SEAT ON THE PATIO and dine while you watch the Bellagio water show. This is probably the best atmosphere on the strip. You are provided with as much fresh french bread as you can eat. The escargo was amazing. Entrees are OK- Very basic french items such as skirt steak and frites. Bread pudding dessert was exceptional.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!! soo romantic in a way.. (if you sound out the noise from the strip) haha. Its located right in front of PARIS on the strip. My steak was cooked to perfection. medium rare is best always. HOWever the fries were not that great.. so try to substitute that crap.
5	Everything I ate here was to die for.  Sooooo delicious.For my entree I had the sea scallops.  They were amazing.  The sweet potato puree that accompanied them was unbelievable.  I practically licked my plate.As a side to the entree I had the macaroni and cheese.  Also amazing.  You'd be surprised how many people somehow seem to ruin macaroni and cheese!  But they definitely don't.  It is oober cheesy and baked to perfection :).Overall it was a great experience.  We didn't have any issues with service our our reservation so it was really a just a great night out!
2	So I only had dinner here, can't say anything about what lunch is like.  For dinner I ordered the french onion soup, the beef bourguignon, and the apple tarte tatin.  I was amazed at how quickly the soup came out, within probably 5 minutes of placing our order, and was somewhat disappointed that it wasn't really hot.  I didn't even need to let it cool off, and the cheese, while melty, was only ok.  What I did not like was how few onions there were in the bowl, there were more croutons in the bowl than onions I felt like.  The broth however was tasty and well spiced which was nice.The beef bourguignon was perfectly adequate, nothing special, nothing bad.  I might be spoiled in that my grandmother makes this dish and makes it really well and I've also had it while traveling in France.The apple tarte at the end though was horrid though, and we sent it back after a few bites.  It looked and tasted as if they had used dried apples for it, like the ones you would get out of a bag at the market.  Not only that, but it had a waxy texture and was cloyingly sweet.  All in all, a very bad end to the meal.  Not only that, but I ordered a cafe nuit with desert, and they were unable to make it because they ran out of Calvados, a French apple brandy.  How the heck does a French restaurant, especially one on the strip, run out of this, especially during CES?!Overall, I was very disappointed with the meal, especially because of all the good reviews I had read on here as well as the favorable word of mouth I had heard.
5	Love this place. Went here 3 years in a row for my birthday. Free parking at Paris garage. I always get the Filet Mignon.
5	Hands down the best restaurant in las vegas. I love this place. Has a great view and the prices are very reasonable.  I have been here for breakfast lunch and dinner. Always amazed.
4	Vegetarians, go for the sweet potato soup & the butternut squash and leek quiche. The Pinot Blanc is refreshing. If the weather is nice, sit on the deck outside.
4	I had a great experience at this restaurant. My friend and I were seated right away and were accommodated in the patio at our request. We had a fantastic view of the Las Vegas Strip and the Fountain Shows at the Bellagio. We had the cheese plate as an appetizer, which was great. The Pear Compote was an amazing pairing for the  cheese and baguette. I ordered the Roast Chicken, which came with frites (French Fries) and a delicious side that consisted of bacon, mushrooms, and pearl onions. The chicken was really moist and the sides were equally delicious. my friend had a salmon dish and was very pleased as well.The ambiance and service were great. Ask for Patio seating for an awesome view. The heaters make it bearable, even in the middle of winter. I was there with a friend, but the place is also really romantic for couples and great for groups.
4	Delicious food, nice atmosphere, and your wallet won't be crying at the end of your meal!Started off sharing the escargot which was delicious. I was so busy enjoying the perfectly cooked, well portioned sea scallops I didn't try any one else's dish but my family seemed to enjoy what they ordered. I'll definitely eat here again on my next trip and will try to grab a patio seat so I can enjoy a view of the Bellagio water show across the street.
5	An absolutely fantastic place!Me and three of my friends went here for a birthday dinner. It was extremely busy, we probably waited an hour for a table but it was totally worth it!Our appetizer was the Brie cheese--incredible! We ordered the filet mignon with bleu cheese cream sauce, the sea scallops, the salmon, and the crabcake and everything was so amazing. Our server was great! He wasn't in your face all the time, but when he was, he was always helpful and doted on us as if we were high rollers with thousands of dollars to spend (we're 4 twentysomething girls with purses bought at Target). I cannot say enough good things about this place and for the money, it cannot be beat!
5	An excellent value!I had dinner here on a Sunday night.  I was able to get a last minute reservation and was seated inside within five minutes of arriving (it was pretty cold outside).  For the amount of customers there that night, I was impressed by both the service and the quality of the food.   I came with my mother and we decided to split the beef wellington special-- something I normally wouldn't order, but she really wanted it.  I am so glad that we did order it.  The entree came with a great sauce and a side of garlic spinach.  For two women, the portion size was perfect for sharing.  The dish is very rich and savory so a full piece could be a little much.   The whole thing was melt in your mouth perfect.We also started with the butter lettuce salad that came with goat cheese, apples and roasted beets.  For sides with our entree we ordered the butternut squash and the green beans.  Upon our waiter's recommendation we had the bannans foster crepe for dessert.  Everything was delicious.My husband took me to the Eiffel Tower restaurant in the Paris Hotel about a month ago.  Apart from the view (which is amazing up there) I enjoyed my dinner at Mon Ami Gabbi more.  Of course it's a much less formal experience from start to finish and the noise level is higher, but I would give it a better rating--especially when you take the difference in price into account!
4	Came here for lunch after a long night of partying.  I'm a huge fan of French food, and had definitely been craving it ever since I arrived at PH and saw that the Paris was next door.  Mon Ami Gabi definitely satisfied my craving!  A friend and I split the steak classique (steak with butter), and the quiche Lorraine.  So good!!!  The steak was perfectly cooked medium rare, as requested.  The quiche Lorraine was delicious, but I was so full by the time I got around to eating it that I only had a few bites; what I did eat was perfectly balanced.  My friends seemed to enjoy their orders as well.  I only wish that the restaurant served steak tartare... I would've been on that like white on rice!Side note, the bread is served warm and crusty, the way it should be.  I wanted to eat the whole baguette myself, not to lie... but highly disappointing was the cold butter! Definitely worth coming here for a meal that is nice, but not too nice (I'm looking at you, 16-course tasting menu at JG), when you're in Vegas.
3	Meh? The only thing truly worth the hype at this restaurant is the view of the Bellagio fountains. We got to see the show every 20 minutes as we sat on the outside patio under some heat lamps.We got a steak and a pear salad, and it was decent but quite pricey. For example, the salad was slightly over $10 and for that price I would've expected a large salad that could actually serve as a meal. Instead, it was more like a side dish. I think some mention large portions, but this is not true at all. The steak dish did come on a large plate, but 75% of the dish was filled with frites, a ton of tiny little thin cut and crispy fries. Not really my favorite kind, especially in that quantity.This is a fancy yet affordable place for business meetings and group get-togethers, but make sure you get a reservation if coming during a busy season like CES. There is also still a line for reservations, but it's much better than waiting in the non-reservation line.I probably wouldn't come here again as I could just watch the fountain show for free and with an even better view, and the food is not worth returning for.
2	Kinda disappointing restaurant. We came here during CES and it was really crowded. We sat outside in the smoke filled air facing the Bellagio fountains. However, unlike Esther (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mon-ami-gabi-restaurant-las-vegas#hrid:kzlYCHGkQRaIF2nTqN3oBQ) I sat facing the bar and not the fountains. So I got a great view of a 50-something year old guy hitting on your pretty typical tall, pretty decent looking blonde gold digger who was clearly there for the free drinks. Entertaining to watch...sure, but I think I would have enjoyed the fountains a bit more (and this review would have gotten an extra star).For this price, I expected huge quality of food that would last me for the next meal or two. I figured a tuna tar tar salad would hit an empty stomach pretty nicely. My eyes were let down when a tiny bowl of greens and four slices of tuna came out. I expected more for $17, but at least I wasn't totally starving after. Next time, I'll hit up one of the Vegas buffets instead.
5	Croque Madam on the steps of the strip.   How could life be any better?
4	So far this is my boyfriend & I's favorite dinner place in Las Vegas. We were given bread & spread as we were seated, with the spread being absolutely delicious. It was sweet & tart, which went perfect with the fresh bread. We also ordered seared ahi tuna salad & mac & cheese on the side; the tuna was perfectly seared and was seasoned to go with the salad dressing, but it was a bit pricey while the mac & cheese was just okay, nothing special. We both ordered the steak & fries. My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon merlot & I ordered the filet mignon au poivre. His was more sweet while mine had a peppercorn taste to it. They were both delicious, but I will admit the filet mignon merlot was better. Service is a big deal for me and this place had great service. Everyone was friendly. You should probably make reservations for dinner since it's usually busy. There's a great view of the Bellagio fountains out on the patio, but seats there are first come, first serve. We got lucky and got a seat inside right next to the window, which allowed us to be warm inside and still get a great view hehe :D
3	Knowing exactly what this place is - will help manage your expectations.  It's good, with a very crowded and nice bustling atmosphere.  Very good service and generous wine pours however the food is as expected for a large, strip showcasing restaurant.  We found it  typical chain restaurant fair.    A $45 (or $54, I can't remember) Bone in Rib Eye - was totally sub-par.  Cooked correctly but without aged beef flavor and texture. Lacked serious substance a good steak should have.  Accompanying Bearnaise was light and tasty.  Mussels had great flavor but were teeny tiny and many of the shells were empty.  Bread was served nicely and was tasty as was the butter.  Pomme Frites were delish and just salty enough.  As I said, if you manage your expectations, this place will not disappoint.  Fun and touristy but lacking real foodie substance.
4	Great meal,  eventually. The moules ( mussels) had to go back as they were cold.Wine was excellent and the waiter has us try  4 before we decided.  He compt  my meal because  of the delay getting a replacement dish which was superb.Really good coffee. We had show tickets so they hurried for us. Or we would have stayed for desert.Make reservations or be prepared to wait. Although waiting in the bar is not a hardship!
5	This is possibly the best restaurant experience I've ever had!On a slow Tuesday night, the wait for patio seating was less than 15 minutes. They give you a buzzer so you can do some gambling while you wait. Our waitress was so attentive, patient and friendly. She brought out a few wine for us to sample before we make our decision on a glass (this is Vegas, who does that?).Their French onion soup is the best I have tasted so far and it is a must order item if you like onion soup. The savory onion flavor shines through the hot ungreasy broth with the perfect amount of cheese on top. Bravo!!Hanger steak was cooked exactly medium rare without tasting cold in the center. $20 for this steak is a wonderful deal. chocolate mousse was so good. It certainly was freshly whipped (along with a side of housemade whipped cream) and the sweetness was just right. I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. With the bellagio fountain being across the street, this is worth flying to Vegas for!!!
5	Awesome! Just plain simple awesome.Great food - the best I've eaten in Vegas. The chicken was tender and flavorful. And if it's brunch time, you HAVE to get the french toast!The service is top notch too. And, I can assure you if you order right the meal is very economical.
3	Mon Ami Gabi is definitely a good spot for tourists taking pictures and enjoying view of Bellagio fountain. Price is quiet fair if we are talking about strip price here. Food is really average in my opinions. I choose this place because I got friends visiting from oversea. Of course, they would love to see views of  Bellagio fountain and Eiffel tower when dining. Onion soup: tasted good and not too salty which i like and with lots cheeseEscargot: less seasoned and boring (very disappointed) to a big escargot fan!Crab cake: tasted fresh and light with good flavorsFilet Mignon: meat quality was pretty good, juicy and tender (perfect medium rare)Seared Scallop: perfect done and tender but sauce was really average (no wow)Duck confit: duck meat was done juicy and tender, however I was not a fan of t dish sauce Overall I gave 3 stars to their food, 3 stars to their services and 4 stars to the" VIEW". Will I come back again? The answer will be yes, when I have tourist friends in town.
1	The view, the scene, the fountains! The crap service and bland food? Yeah, let's be real here.This place pulls in tourists more than Disney does little kids, so maybe that's why it has rave reviews (and more than 1,500 of them.)I've never waited longer for wine to be brought to our table or for bread to be replenished. My chicken was dry and lacked any sort of spices or seasoning and my frites were cold. I wonder how long it all sat under the 'warmer' in the back.... my companions' dishes fared the same. Steak cooked not to order, simple fish and chips soggy and cold and mushroom soup that despite having mushrooms dotting the creamy base, overall tasted nothing like mushrooms - more like cream.And CHRIST - can the waterboyman please NOT slosh the water and 500 cubes of ice across our entire table? If our clients were more business and less friendly, I would have been embarrassed by this choice in restaurant. Luckily, I'll never have to worry about that again because I will never come back to Mon Ami Chain Restaurant Gabi.
5	Kalani's Birthday weekend was coming to an end.  We shared our last meal in Vegas at Mon Ami Gabi.  Breakfast in Paris, lunch back home in Hawaii.  Why not?We started at the "Make your own Bloody Mary Bar".  Funny how our outings usually begin and end at a bar, but I digress...   For 10 bucks you choose your vodka, they bring a generous pour in a tall glass and over to the "bar" you go.  There are mixers both spicy and mild, olives of all kinds, celery, beef sticks, pickled veggies, and horseradish to name a few options.  Don't like your drink, blame the bartender...For breakfast we had Slow Roasted Beef Eggs Benedict, loved the creamy Hollandaise sauce over the braised short ribs.  Classic Quiche Lorraine with bacon cheese and onions.  Corned beef hash with poached eggs and a roasted red pepper sauce completed our meal,  We all enjoyed the entrees, but liked the Bloody Marys more.All in all a good breakfast.  We arrived just in time and got to sit on the patio by the windows.  Pretty funny watching the stragglers from the night before head back to their hotels early in the morning...  The view was priceless and made us remember days gone by.  Au Revior, Mes Amis!...thanks for sharing your Birthday weekend, it was a blast!
5	we wanted have breakfast before we left vegas so we came here. to be honest I wasn't really expecting much and this place exceeded my expectations. I had the smoked salmon eggs benedict with hash browns and nutella waffle w/cream. everything was excellent
4	For me - Vegas is an experience for all the senses. By balancing tasty eats, a show or two, some cocktails, shopping and slots, I feel I walk away having a complete and lovely experience. It's about exploring, while keeping splurges in check and minding some sort of budget. I'm always on the lookout for new culinary delights.That said, 5 years ago during my first trip to Vegas, my family set out to multiple steakhouses to find the perfectly aged, and scrumptious steak. We went everywhere. My pops spent some silly money, but wasn't blown away yet. On a lark, near the end, we tried Mon Ami Gabi. The filet mignon and escargot...and I kid you not...we were still telling people about it 5 years later! So, naturally, I was a bit nervous to return as I had relived the ecstasy in that meal over and over in my head and was fearful a second return trip would not deliver in the same fashion.Thankfully, it did!The filet mignon once again, melted in my mouth. The meat had a wonderful sear on the outside and was cooked perfectly to my preferred medium to medium rare temp. We had made reservations, so our seat for two at the windows was picturesque. It was sunset and following a renewal of our vows. Watching the fountains and the sky change colors was incredibly romantic. I could tell my hubby was a little envious of my filet mignon, he opted to save $10 and go with a cheaper cut (what a sweetie) so I made sure to give him plenty of bites. The mashed potatoes were the perfect compliment to my meat. My hubby went for the sweet potato mash which wasn't the best combo with his blue cheese topping, but it wasn't a disaster in any sense. He still really enjoyed his steak and the flavors (just didn't do much of his sweet mash with it). Our service was good and her assistant (who cleared and refilled) was very attentive and kind. Our server also brought us a mini dessert free of charge in honor of our wedding renewal. It was divinely sweet (and we definitely tipped her more for the gesture).We'll definitely be returning in the future. Yum.PROSViews!Filet Mignon (If memory serves, I may have licked the plate when no one was looking)Location - Central on stripPrice - Very reasonable when compared to other "steak" orientated establishments. Steaks are in 20s and 30s. Bargain in Vegas.CONSChain (I think? I love supporting non-chain when possible)Two of my escargots were gritty
4	Filet mignon with merlot butter is their most popular dish with good reason.  It comes with these perfectly ribboned thin cut fries that you can dip in the rich delicious sauce.  The filet was perfectly cooked.
4	Woke up just in time for lunch and made online reservations via Open Table, which saved a lot of time! Sitting outside would have yielded a better view, but we were definitely too hungry to wait.I had the Steak Bordelaise while my boyfriend had the Steak Classique. Service was friendly and could have been a little faster but I didn't mind since I was still in recovery mode. The French bread came out nice and warm and had the perfect crust. Steaks were good and I enjoyed the red wine sauce of the bordelaise, but the caramelized onions were a bit too sweet for me. The frites were a nice accompaniment since it wasn't has heavy and greasy as American style fries. Makes eating meat and potatoes a lot more lady like and sophisticated rather than a big hunk of pink meat.Overall, a decent place to grab some French style eats, but being in Vegas, there's probably better deals at the multitude of buffets; total bill came out to be $80ish with tip for the two steak entrees and four orange juices (boo on not having free refills!)
5	BOMB food...highly recommend, awesome views of Lake Bellagio...the food is excellent, had the corned beef hash! The sangria is awesome too!
4	Awesome view with incredible view...wait staff sucks balls
4	This was a breakfast event.  I had the corned beef hash breakfast.  Not what I thought.  It was separate corned beef AND hash browns.  Oh well, both were delicious, right amount of seasoning.  The poached eggs, for my taste, was a bit overcooked.  We also ordered the Country Style Pate and although it was still morning, they were very accommodating and were able to prepare the dish for us.  It could have been more to room temperature but nevertheless it was delicious over the country toast slathered with mustard.  The cornichons and pickled pearl onions added to the dish as it cut the fatty richness of the pate.Good service, good environment and would definitely like to try the other dishes, but so many more restaurants to visit and my stomach ain't that big.
5	Amazing food with a beautiful view of strip right across from Bellagio fountains! Def get the onion soup as a starter and a glass of wine with your preferred entre, very delicious food and amazing location.
4	Came here a few weeks ago during my weekend trip to Vegas. We made reservations for 4 on a Saturday right before our Celine Dion Show (which was awesome..btw). Anyways. we were seated fairly quickly and had great service.Food wise:French Onion soup is delicious! The fiance and I shared one and it was so good we both wished there would be more! The bread they serve is also piping hot and fresh. Delicious just with butter!The steaks here are all good-- I think having your steak medium or medium rare would give you the best texture. The four of us all ordered a different steak, and I had the chance to try them all- they were all delicious, I don't think you can go wrong-- it just depends on the sauce, if you prefer savory or more sweet.Great restaurant, with a great view of the Bellagio Water show..what's not to love?!
3	Many people recommended Mon Ami Gabi to me for some time.  I decided to give this place a whirl and have dinner for my friend's birthday here.I made reservations for our party of 4 for a Sunday night at 6:30pm on opentable.com.  Outdoor patio seating which has a view of the Bellagio water show is available but I believe it's on a first come, first serve basis.  We were lucky enough to get an inside table that had that view.  Note: they will not seat you until your entire party is present.  The steaks were usually recommended to me.  I decided to order steak classique ($24.95).  I wanted a smaller piece of steak and our waitress made these steaks sound appealing saying that they were pounded down to about half an inch thick and would be extremely tender.  I ordered it medium rare, but it was more along the lines of medium well which had very little pinkness to it.  It was a bit tough and wasn't flavorful as I expected.  I had a bite of my friend's filet and that was delicious.  If I would've gotten that, Mon Ami would've received another star from me.  The accompanied fries were DELICIOUS.  The fries were cut thin and deep fried until crispy and very few soft pieces remained.As an appetizer, we ordered the Escargot de Bourgogne ($10.95) which was yummy.  Six pieces of escargot was marinated in a garlic herb butter sauce which also made great dipping sauce for the bread.Our waitress was nice but the servers were usually the ones that were more helpful.  I told the hostess that we were celebrating a birthday.  They brought him a small dessert with a candle (he didn't like us singing happy birthday lol).Keep in mind, dinner is long and there is a lot of wait time between dishes.  I believe our dinner took more than two hours therefore don't dine here if you're crunched on time.P.S. Think twice if you're ordering a drink. My friend ordered a Hennessy & 7up which he though was a bit watered down.  Turns out the drink was $21.
5	This has been my favorite restaurant since I moved to Las Vegas 6 years ago.  I eat there 3 to 5 times a year.  The filet mignon is amazing!!!! It practically melts in your mouth.  I have loved everything I have ever had at Moni Ami from soup, salad, entrees to dessert and drinks.  I once tried their mac and cheese just because it seemed like a funny thing to order.  Now, we order it regularly.  The best mac and cheese I have ever tasted!  My favorite dessert is their bread pudding, it is served warm, usually with a delicious vanilla sauce.  It is like nothing I have ever tasted.  They also have good drinks like Frangria and mojitos.  The service is always great.  Mon Ami never disappoints!  Love!!!
5	Anyone of my friends will tell you to order the hangar steak with the merlot butter!  Melts in your mouth!  I went with 3 friends who all ordered it, but since I wasn't as hungry, I got the steamed mussels which were also delicious.Definitely make reservations so you don't have to wait in their massive line.  We were a tiny bit late due to no valet at Paris that night, but they were able to accommodate us with the next available table.Extremely packed, but you still feel like you get good service and don't feel rushed.Adding to my must list when in Vegas!
2	Normally I love the food here for brunch but the eggs Benedict were horrible. I could barely cut through the toast and the ham was non existent but my moms bananas foster waffles were delicious
5	Great spot to eat outside and watch the fountains. Great food, although since it's French it can be a bit heavy. Love the steaks and the onion soup.
3	Steak wasn't cooked the way I asked. And it was super thin like paper. It still tasted good and everything. But there was barely any red when I cut into it. Red is where the flavor's at, yeah?!Came with some really small fries. But they were really small so they didn't really have any potato taste. It was like eating pure crunch texture. So texture wise, it was wonderful but there wasn't any flavor to get my mouth watering.Great atmosphere though. Wonderful decorum, as expected of a Vegas restaurant. But skip this place, dine at the Eiffel Tower restaurant and get a spectacular view.Or better yet, head over to Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood next door for a cheaper alternative and an equally delicious sandwich. =)
5	Great views and good quailty grub and not too expensive considering you're in the heart of the Strip.  Bellagio fountains right in plain sight make it 5 Stars!Even as a local, I'll go back again!
5	Excellent steaks, cooked to perfection. Love the bread that comes with the meal. Wife had the baked french onion soup, I had the warm bacon salad, both were great, and dinner was superb.
3	A restaurant with a great view but subpar food.  This restaurant is located right across from the Bellagio grand water show and while they are situated in the prime spot (we were in the patio area too), it was NOT distracting enough from the lacklustre dishes they served.The beef bourguignon was too salty for my liking and the dish was amazingly tiny for the price.  The steak roquefort with blue cheese was thin and not the best cut of meats.  It was tough and salty as well.  This place had all the ingredients for a great dine out experience with the perfect view and exceptional one-on-one service but I can't believe they couldn't deliver on the food.
4	Went there for our girls', as in 10 and 11 year-olds, special birthday celebration.  We had three adults, four kids and one baby.  We sat in the patio area, so yeah, we had to put baby in the corner.  We had reservations, but we still had to wait about 20 minutes to get seated.  Even though there were 8 of us, we were seated in a rather small round table.  But no matter, we were in a good spot, front row seating for the Bellagio water show and music.  They brought us one loaf of bread.  Exactly one loaf.  I had to ask for another, at the risk of spoiling our appetites, because the kids had waited a while.  The kids meals were surprisingly large and they enjoyed the pastas, green beans and apple slices served on a partitioned tray.  You really can't beat a kid's steak for $8!  I had the very tasty beef bourguignon and my sister and brother-in-law had salads.  The service, with the exception of the bread stinginess, was very good.  My only wish was that they offered truly traditional french specialties every day (ie coq au vin or duck a l'orange).  Great food, reasonable prices and a free show makes this place #1 on my list of places to frequent while in Vegas
5	Cant say enough good things about this place.  I have been here twice and the food has been perfect every time.  the first time i had a new york strip which was amazing, but i was drunk when i had it so my taste could of been altered. The second time i was sober and it was confirmed that the food is awesome.  Get the filet mignon with merlot butter!!! It will melt in your mouth and maybe even tear up cause you have never tasted anything so good!  My fiance had the sea scallops which were good as well.  For an app we had the warmed goat cheese in a tomato sauce, nom nom!!!  Didnt expect anything less from a vegas restaurant.  Will definitely be back drunk or not ha.
4	What a perfect place to have lunch in Vegas.  I really couldn't imagine anything more perfect than sitting outside on the Vegas strip enjoying lunch and a drink.  That's exactly what the Hubs and I did this past week thanks to all the amazing reviews for this spot at Paris Las Vegas.Since we were staying at Paris, it was easy to make a lunch reservation and wonder downstairs to partake in some good food.  We asked to sit outside, which was accommodated.  It was cold and windy out, but the heaters were on and it was worth it to be able to people watch and enjoy the sunshine.  The atmosphere alone is reason enough to come to this restaurant, but when you add on fantastic food, your have a sure bet (please don't mind the Vegas pun- LOL).  So, as far as the food is considered... we shared the baked brie, french onion soup, and the croque monsieur.  Though this was a cheese filled meal, it was SOOO... good!  The baked brie was absolutely to die for.  It was served with toasted/salt and peppered bread, honey, roasted garlic, and toasted hazelnuts.  WOW- I just started salivating thinking about it again.... the french onion soup was also great, but maybe a bit TOO much cheese (if there is such a thing).  The sandwich was awesome paired with crispy fries.  Simple, but done well.  Oh, the bread, a whole baguette, was warm and gone in 5 minutes.Having stayed at Paris before, I am disappointed I never ate here previously.  I can't say that mistake will ever happen again because I will surely eat here every time I am in Vegas- that's a promise!
2	Been here twice. This review is for my latest visit. It was not good. First of all my burger was pretty dry and the vegetables looked like it was pre packed the night before under a blow dryer. Second, how do you make a caesar salad taste bad? After telling the waiter that it was disgusting and we did not want it nor a replacement he complied and removed it from our bill. When the bill arrived all the items totaled up were completely off. They tried overcharging us by at least $9. I pointed this out and after about 15 minutes of waiting they came up with the story their computers were messing up? Really? C'mon get your act straight. This was a must go restaurant for me to go to every vegas trip, But Id rather settle for in n out now
4	I think I've praised this place before.  This is THE place to get brunch in Vegas.  Patio dining so you can people watch in the sun, an atrium for dining, then the dining room if you wanna sit in the shade. I love coming here for brunch for their varied menu: waffles, omelets, burgers, soups, etc.  The service here is quick and the food comes out pretty quickly.  I got the lobster bisque to start.  Although it wasn't as creamy as I imagine bisques to be, it was definitely creamy and tasty. For my meal I got the ahi tuna burger.  Tons of avocado on top and the pomme frites were so crispy!  For my dessert I shared the red velvet cake.  A drizzle of chocolate coated it and sour cream icecream topped it off.  Delicious.  It was so rich it tasted almost savory. Once again, a treat to eat here.  You might want to make reservations though.  Got here on Saturday morning and they gave us a 20 minute wait time (2 people), it ended up being only 10 minutes though but you never know!
5	My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! I have been here twice for dinner and once for lunch.Bread comes with butter and a carrot topping. very interesting but good.The scallops and french onion soup is to die for!Filet mignon melts in your mouth like butter.Also, if you sit outside, you can watch the Bellagio Fountains.Out of all the fine dining places I have tried in Vegas, this one is still my favorite. The food is great and it is also cheaper than most other places.
5	Every time i am in Vegas this restaurant is a must to visit. This time it was Valentine's Day and we didnt have a reservation and were seated in two minutes. Food was excellent as well as service, I must add as always.
4	Went here for a romantic dinner with my boyfriend, and the great reviews didn't fail us. Thank you yelpers. One thing that I absolutely loved about this restaurant was the Ambiance....Made dinner reservations for 2 and requested a seat on the patio and luckily we got it. (Make reservations! this place was packed Friday night!) It was beautiful....Perfect date spot with a view of the Bellagio fountains, so Romantique!Second thing i loved....It was a French restaurant, with a French hostess, and a French server... LEGIT! - plus service was really good.The best thing that i Loved was the FILET MIGNON merlot, I can still the taste the juiciness, the awesome flavor and the melt in your mouth goodness. Goodness!! This steak was soo yum I kept on referring back to it throughout our evening.BF went with the Ribeye, huge steak, was cooked just right but i'd still go with the filet mignon, duh. The prices were understandably reasonable. For 2 people our bill was a little over $100. The not so lovable..- Escargots or how my boyfriend calls it Escar-No's - good.... not Mindblowing. - Restrooms - none in the restaurant, so you'd have to walk out into the casino to pamper yourselves, but then again it's in a casino so figures..- Our table, I don't mean to be a Debbie Downer but our table was freaking small! Overall Love love loved this place, It's not like those restaurants on the strip that'll leave holes in your pocket. BON APPETIT!
5	Went for Valentine's Day and it was seriously one of the best dining experiences I've had in Las Vegas in a long time. We had reservations, but were a few minutes late. I expected that would set us back at least 30 minutes, considering it was a holiday. Instead, we were immediately seated and continued to have a great time. My hangar steak was outstanding, but the star was my wife's duck (a special for the evening) was out this world! Probably the best duck I've ever had!Our experience was so good, I wanted to go the next evening. We will plan to hit Mon Ami Gabi every trip from now on.
5	Ate here for breakfast with my girlfriend.I had a fresh squeezed orange juice and poached eggs with corned beef and hash. The orange juice was refreshing, and the egg dish was delightful. The eggs were poached perfectly, the hash was delicious and not overly greasy, and the corned beef wasn't overly salty. My girlfriend was creaming all over her precious panties when she tried her Belgian waffles with bananas foster. I tried it as well, and it was heaven. Crispy outside, soft inside, and delicate bananas in their rum sauce. It was served with wonderful, stiff whipped cream.I almost gave this 4-stars because my eggs were served with toast, but it was overly toasted and hurt me to eat it. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and hoping that it was a fluke. The toast is served with butter and raspberry jam mmm.I will definitely come back here the next time I come to Vegas. The food is great, and it feels just like a Parisian brasserie. TRUST ME, I'VE BEEN THERE *feels so cool*
5	We had tickets for a late show across the street at the Bellagio and it was a really busy convention week so our choices for places we could get into were limited.  Surprisingly we got in to Mon Ami Gabi with zero wait.  OUr waitress was nice and informative.   Everything came out really fast.  I had a steak and my wife got the short rib special.  Both were outstanding.  I didn't care for the fries, they were more like frenches potato straws or something like that so I would avoid those and get a different side next time but as someone that has to travel to Vegas often for business there will definitely be a next time.
4	Very good, but not great.
5	This place is fantastic! We ate here twice while vacationing in Vegas and loved it. Definitely worth a try for lunch and/or dinner. Very fresh and well prepared meals, try the trout for sure! We will be back here...
5	This review is long overdue.  I have a meal at MAG every time I am in Vegas, which is three times a year.  I have NEVER had a disappointing meal here.  Last night, before we went to see Jubilee, we had dinner at MAG.  I love the atrium room in the evening.  The lights are low, but not so low that you can't see anything.  And having the B Fountains as a backdrop is perfect. Service at MAG is top notch, very attentive without being intrusive.  I love to sit in Server #100's section - he's great, kinda reminds me of Chef Robert Ivrine.Anyway, this time the order was:Steak Bordelaise:  The steak was cooked to perfection topped with carmelized onions in a red wine sauce.  Oh yeah.MAG Caesar Salad:  Just the right amount of dressing, fresh romaine and shavings of pecorino cheese.Trout Almondine:  Seared to succulent goodness with just a crispness around the edges, covered with green beans.To start there was a celery, green apple slaw tossed in olive oil and the baguette with butter.What a wonderful meal, what a wonderful atmosphere in a wonderful city.Thanks, MAG!
4	Excellent food and very attentive staff. I loved the variety of steaks they offered for not such a bad price. This will be our return spot to dine every time we visit Las Vegas.
4	Is Mon Ami Gabi all about the food or the view?Before dining here I read the many reviews my friends wrote on Mon Ami and half talked about the food and half talked about the cool view of the strip and the people watching. Well, I'm happy to report that Mon Ami Gabi is great for both. Located at the Paris hotel, Mon Ami Gabi is a super popular joint because its huge outdoor patio sits right on the strip, with an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains. No matter what time of day you visit Mon Ami the patio is jammed pack full of people. Mon is a good spot to visit for any meal. Whether you want breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner you're bound to find something tasty. My wife and I ate breakfast here on our most recent trip to LV. I made reservations through Opentable.com and when we arrived we were sat on the patio within mere moments. After looking over the large menu and hearing their daily specials, this is what we ordered;Me- Slow Braised Beef Eggs Benedict W/ caramelized onions, hollandaise sauce and hashbrowns http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=hXY6rJfbWKAbfpXatsJ-7gMy Wife- Strawberry Waffle W/ fresh whipped cream and a side of sausage http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=Oym0dA3Z42jtulQx3f_BWQ My Benedict was amazing. The meat was super tender and flavorful and both the poached eggs and hollandaise sauce were perfect. I also really enjoyed their housemade English muffins. My wife's waffle was light and crispy and had a warm, fluffy middle. The strawberries that were on top of her waffle were extremely fresh and sweet. The side sausage was good too. To drink we both had a glass of their fresh squeezed OJ, which was super refreshing.The prices here are really reasonable and our server was super friendly and helpful. My favorite part of breakfast though was by far the people watching. Even though it was early, the strip was littered with people who were staggering back to their hotel rooms after a long night of hard partying. And since it was such a cool, beautiful day in Vegas we took our times eating and had a wonderful time watching the entertaining crowd. Next time I want to dine here at night and watch the Bellagio fountain show. Check out Mon Ami Gabi for yourself. I know you'll love it.
4	For an early breakfast on the Strip that is nice, and located in the good part of town where you wont be bothered by drunk tools drinking their huge gold bottles of red bull and vodka, you cant do better than this very nice french style bistro located in Paris. The prices for all brunch items are under 14 bucks, which is a real good deal for this caliber restaurant right on the Strip. Wont go into the food, because hundreds have already spilled the beans on them. I will just say that you have to request the outside patio section, and do the people watching. You are on an elevated platform, so the people shuffling by can't always hear you making fun of them. And even if they do, there is a partition separating you from the sidewalk so unless they are parkour champions, you will be safe to stare and laugh away.
4	12 slightly hung over girls had brunch here after our friend's bachlorette weekend.We had a reservation and were seated quickly (those without waited quite awhile). We chose to sit inside because it was June and very hot. The service was great and the food was too. I dream of the pancakes!!!!
4	On a recommendation of a friend, and good reviews on Yelp, I decided we had to check this place out. Weeks in advance, I set a reservation through Open Table for 7:30 on a Tuesday night. Dress code here is mostly lenient--no sleeveless shirts for the gentlemen and no swimwear for the ladies--chances aren't likely that you'll run into anyone from the Jersey Shore here. But it is a popular place. There are two lines at the entrance. We arrived a few minutes early but stood in line anyway because it looked like it would be several minutes of waiting. And it was.  One line was for those with reservations and one line was for those without. I overheard someone in the "without reservations" line say there would be an hour wait for a table outside. When we got to the front, we let them know our name and reservation time and were seated immediately at a little table for two inside but facing the Fountains of Bellagio. We were brought a loaf of delicious fresh, warm bread and split an order of escargot de Bourgogne for $11. My husband says the bread was probably the best he'd ever had and we cleaned the escargot dish to save the dishwasher some extra work.  My husband ordered the trout amandine, a recommendation of the hostess that seated us.  It was a huge filet of trout prepared with a lemony dressing--light and healthy but full of flavor and a large enough serving for even my hungrier half to be content. I had the filet mignon with the merlot butter. It was prepared beautifully...exactly as I ordered and just the perfect flavor. Based on the food alone, we would absolutely return to Mon Ami Gabi.  Everything was delicious and our dinner was so reasonably priced, we were a bit surprised--$76 for an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert in a restaurant with a view on the strip. Say what?! It's a bit noisy in there but that seems to be par for the course in Vegas. We keep trying to find nice romantic restaurants and it seems the party environment that Vegas is doesn't seem to allow for it...knowing that in advance, I'd still return to Mon Ami Gabi again.
5	Amazing.  8 of us showed up and wanted to sit outside so we could watch the Bellagio fountains.  There was a line out the door & they still seated us in 5 minutes.  The staff was friendly & very accommodating.  We asked to have the outdoor heaters over our table turned off when we first arrived.  We had just walked down the strip from the MGM & wanted to cool off a little bit.  Then, when we got chilly, they put them back on.  Our server was amazing.  She was funny & attentive & did not mind when we told her we needed 8 different checks as we were there on business.The food was amazing.  We all had drinks and appetizers.  I tried the homemade potato chips with a blue cheese dip.  Wow.  It was so good.  Dinner was a delicious Steak & Frites.  Cooked perfectly.  It was pricy, but so worth it.  The 8 of us sat there for hours and not once were we given a look that said "Hurry up and finish so we can turn the table & make more money."  It was the best time I had that entire week & I look forward to going back.
4	Try the frangia. I saw a review that it was weak but I ordered it anyways and it was far from it! Good deal on the strip. Good place to people watch if you sit outside. Food is good too but the frangia was the best. =)
1	Worst Steak ever. Service was ok. View: amaizing. Never again!
5	This place is great! And the prices came up less than I had expected (not so much on the cheap side but definitely $$). Came here for dinner on Thanksgiving with my family after walking by earlier in the day and liked what we saw just from a sidewalk view. Around noon-ish when we did walk by, I made reservations using my phone's Yelp app and the Open Table feature! Holla! So easy and convenient! The place is wonderfully decorated and the staff was amazing! Wine selection was really good.The warm brie appetizer was delicious and so were the homemade potato chips.The four of us had the Steak and Frites and they did a wonderful job getting each steak cooked to our liking, since we all like our meat cooked to a different "doneness."Definitely worth coming again, especially if you want to treat yourself to a great time!
3	Ok food for the price.  Crab risotto was a special dish that day, and it was way undercooked. giving it a 3 for the atmosphere and service.
5	I made reservations on Open Table for two at Mon Ami Gabi after reading all of the raving reviews here on yelp. We drove into Vegas on a Friday night and parked in the Paris Paris parking lot. After spending the next few minutes trying to figure out how to get to the restaurant from the casino, we arrived promptly for our reservation at 7pm. The waiting area was packed by the time we arrived. There was two lines, one with reservation and the other without. We waited about 15 minute before we were seated. We were seated inside next to the window with a view of the Bellagio fountains. I was hoping for this since the view of the fountains is one of the things noteworthy about this restaurant (being that it's across the street from the Bellagio). You could pay more for a better view and eat at the Eiffle Tower restaurant. We couldn't hear the music when the fountains were on but we were able to catch the fountain shows every time it went off (I think it was every 15 minutes).Our waiter arrived and explained to us the special. It was a bit difficult to hear him due to the noise but hey, it's Vegas and it was a Friday night. Given that it was a steakhouse, we decided to order the steaks. We were served bread while we waited. Our meals arrived about 20 minutes later. Portions were big and steak was cooked right.Overall, for the price, view, food, and service on the strip, Mon Ami Gabi is an excellent option. Place is very popular so reservations is highly recommended even on a weekday night because again it's Vegas.
5	Without a doubt, one of the best in Vegas! We had the Filet with Merlot Butter, Scallops, Trout Almondine, awesome, awesome, awesome! You really can't beat the view (patio view of the Bellagio fountains), food, price for the quality of food on the strip, and romantic to boot!
5	the brown butter scallops with brussle sprouts and squash are very good. came for a bachelorette dinner with a group of 8, and the ambiance was very relaxed--we left full and happy. our waiter was adorable too :)
4	Went here this past weekend. It's a great place. The only complaint I have about this place is the lack of vegetarian options in general, but I just blame that on the french. The view of the Bellagio fountain from this place is really nice. We sat in the area that's between outdoor and indoor seating with large glass windows to allow for the view and the sunlight. The other negative for this place is the long wait for outdoor seating (and they don't accept reservations for those. It's on a first come, first serve basis), but we were quite satisfied with the placement of our table. Try the fries and the vegetarian special that's not on the menu which is an open mushroom sandwich with a poached egg on top. The spinach quiche I hear is quite good but since I'm not a big quiche person, I didn't enjoy it very much. For dessert, their profiteroles are amazing!
4	Our lunch stop while we were in Vegas, this place was a delight. Located on the main level of the Paris hotel and its patio extending onto the strip, this is a nice relaxing place to enjoy a near authentic Parisienne bistro experience. We were seated indoors in near the patio which was a perfect place cause it was still a bit chilly in the February air.We were served water right away and I was surprised to discover a poor little ant trying to swim for his life in my glass. It was promptly replaced by the server who apologized and I received a fresh glass.We decided to order a few appetizers and a bowl of their famous french onion soup and have it accompanied by a glass of Pinot Blanc.Complimentary bread and butter were quickly placed on our table before our food began to arrive in about 15 minutes. The fresh butter was great and the bread still warm.The first appetizer that arrived was the Chicken Liver Mousse. What a fantastic dish. The pate mousse was delicious and was served with a small side of pickled onions and cucumbers and four pieces of slightly toasted bread. Partially drizzled was a most delicious hot mustard which provided just enough kick to compliment the pate. I was thoroughly impressed and the only thing that could have made it better would have been a few more pieces of bread as the serving size of the mousse was more than enough.The escargot arrived with a surprisingly appetizing green coloured sauce which was actually the garlic herb butter. The six pieces of escargots had great heat (temperature) and as such was a pleasure to eat. The garlic herb butter was not too rich and added great flavour. I wouldn't go out of my way to order this item but it was good and so if you are in the mood for escargots then I would recommend this.We ordered a half-order of the muscles and they arrived in good time.The muscles were a good size and the white wine sauce was so good that we were dipping the bread into it to get all the sauce we could in to our stomach. They were fresh and full of flavour.The onion soup was to die for. Make sure that when you order this, you eat it as soon as it comes to your table as you want the cheese to be all melty and stringy. It was delicious and I would highly recommend this. If there's only one thing that you order, it must be the french onion soup.All in all, a fantastic place for lunch with good service, great food, and a pseudo-parisienne  experience in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip.
4	My wife and I had a great time.  The food was great.  We had the baked brie for an appetizer.  It was good.  The brie was baked with garlic cloves, which made a nice combination.I had the baked half chicken and my wife had the scallops.  My chicken was quite tasty, but the breast was seriously overcooked.  My wife said the scallops were some of the best scallops she's ever had.  We split the profiteroles for dessert - they were seriously awesome.  My wife had their house cocktail (Frangria), which she loved.  She said it was tasty, and not too sweet.Our waiter was a bit standoffish at first (hesitant to give recommendations), but very good overall otherwise.  We will definitely go back on our next visit to Las Vegas.We had reservations and were seated promptly when we arrived.  The hostess was very nice.
5	Had such a nice time here.  They have a great bloody mary bar, food is wonderful and the setting is perfect, especially to sit outside in good weather.
3	came here for dinner on our last night..i wished it was better but it was just ok to me..ordered:-oysters-i haven't had oysters in a while so i thought these were good-smoked salmon-i didn't get the chance to try it but everyone liked this-filet mignon merlot-my order..i thought it was ok.. over the half the plate were frites! -prime rib-good not great-sea scallops-this was good tooi don't remember what else we ordered.. but what i do remember is the apple slaw they served with the bread.. i liked that a lot! i wouldn't come back for dinner but i wouldn't mind trying this place again for brunch/lunch on the patio so i could have a view of the bellagio water show..
4	While it could be a challenge to be an early riser in Vegas, breakfast here (7 a.m. to 11 a.m.) was well worth the trade on sleeping in. So much, in fact, I started my day here twice on my last visit to Vegas.Part un: a rather large croissant sandwich with egg, tomato, avocado, turkey and just the right amount of mayo. Though I barely had room left, I also tried the fruit salad--delicious with mango, pineapple and grape, and yogurt and brown sugar on the side. While it set me back another $10 or so, it was hard not to indulge in a mimosa while enjoying the Bellagio fountain view and the bustling Strip just off the patio (they also offered Bloody Marys and a rolling wine cart among other morning libations).Part deux: quiche Lorraine, light and savory with bacon, cheese and chive. (It was hard to say no to the mimosa this time.)In both cases, service was prompt, friendly and seemed effortless.It looks like dinner here would be a hit as well, and the ambience offered in the evening is lure enough next time I'm in town.
4	Made reservations for Saturday breakfast the night before. Two out of our group of five were running late, so they wouldn't seat us till everyone in our party was there. Which meant that we missed the cutoff for breakfast at 11am. They still have brunch options on the Lunch menu so I still got my breakfast, coffee and blueberry french toast! Loved this restaurant and sad we couldn't make it back before going back home! Next time would like to sit outside on the patio. (No reservations for patio seating)
4	Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite strip restaurants. We always do lunch here and sit outside. Reservations are definatley suggested. On my last visit two of my guest steaks were cooked improperly. The staff bent over backwards to correct the issue. Awesome! I love their French Brandy Mussells. Prices are very resonable for such a view of the strip and fountain show. Look forward to seeing you in April. Keep up the great work.
3	I would have given them 5 stars, but then I started thinking about all my visits there and then i started taking the stars away.I have been here quite a few times because it WAS one of my favorite steak restaurants here in town and its quite affordable.First time I tried Mon Ami, we got seated at the patio and it was perfect day to sit outside. I ordered a Filet Minot merlot and it was pretty dang great.  It came with frites (almost like fries) but crunchier.  I just fell in love with the place. (Hence, I wanted to give it five stars)Then stars started going down:I came here with friends (group of 4-7) a couple of times and I must say the service was absolutely horrible.  One Time: They treated us like we were there to make trouble and always forgot any requests we asked.  Also,  they kept getting our orders mixed up and when we finally got our food, one of my friends order was completely wrong.  They did not even apologize to her.   We had to keep flagging them down to refill our waters & wine.  We couldnt wait to leave the place and it took our server a long time to get the check even though we asked for it like FIVE TIMES! One of my friends even left our server a little note on the receipt how badly he treated us. Anyways:  I usually order the steak classique with merlot butter (medium rare) and I always enjoy their steaks it never cease to impress me how good it is.  Tip: I always put in a request to get a carrot salad, anyone who goes here should try the carrot salad! its really delicious!  Always make sure you have reservations because every single time i go to Mon Ami, it is packed & make sure youre whole party is there because they will not sit you unless everyone is present.
4	I'd say this is the best moderately priced steakhouse in town. I went on a Friday night, got a table outside, with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains.  My cousins were in town visiting and we had a table for four, during prime dining hours.  We sat and chatted for at least an hour after we finished our meal, and never felt rushed to leave.My cousin and I had the filet mignon with merlot butter and it was delicious. It wasn't on the same level as N9ne, but four of us ate at Mon Ami Gabi for the price two would at N9ne.  My cousin's husband had the filet mignon with the peppercorn something or other sauce and my mom had the crab cakes and macaroni and cheese.  Everything was wonderful, though my mom did say that the crab cake was only mediocre. Overall, great food, great service, great ambiance, and beautiful views.  I will definitely be back, and I certainly recommend this place to anyone looking to spend a little bit less than most of the steakhouses on the strip will cost you (our bill for four was under $150).
3	Mon Ami Gabi, what a popular place for Las Vegas visitors.  I was informed about the place on recommendation from my sister.  Many people pass by the place and see the outdoor patio and think to visit the location.  They have also many other locations throughout America which might also give them some word of mouth.  Reservations were made on Open Table with request to be seated indoors as close to the windows as possible to view the Bellagio fountains.  Reservations were for 7, arrived at 640 and was immediately seated at the table requested.  I'm gonna take more advantage of Open Table from now on specifically because of this!The place has a dark romantic atmosphere, a little loud but still nice.  The rustic french feel added to the ambiance.  For food, I had the mussels marinere while K had the steak au poivre.  I regret not going for a steak.  Mon Ami Gabi is well known for their steaks and it seemed like many people in the restaurant either had some kind of steak of the mussels.  The mussels themselves were very big, hearty mussels but the flavor of the broth wasn't as infused as I'd like.  On top of that, the frites that Mon Ami serves were basically deep fried potato chips.  They were insanely thin and had not meat to them to give that starchy flavor to balance whatever  you are eating.  K had the steak which was tender and yummy with the sauce that was poured on top, for $25, this was a pretty good deal for right on the stripFor desert, bananas foster crepe with vanilla ice and creme fraiche.  Great desert, with the perfect mix of the banana foster mixed with a crepe.-1 star for the service: our waiter was a little creepy, awkward and talked to us strangely, his timing was really offOverall, an immensely popular restaurant that I wouldn't attempt to revisit without a reservation, a good spot for a reasonably priced steak on the strip with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.
2	I have been to this location several times along with the Chicago and Maryland locations.  And this time I will express my displeasure with the service!!!!  We had the biggest pompous ass for a server.  He was rude and condescending to our group and that was a HUGE source of displeasure in this latest experience.  They were busy and some of our group had not dined there before but the menu is not rocket science and can be managed.  The salads are massive so we ordered and mentioned that each couple would split them and he crinkled his nose and walked away.   I had an offer for a speciality free salad and he treated me like I fell off the turnip truck.   When the salads arrived he kinda threw them NOT SPLIT and the free one wherever they landed.  The steak frites were amazing as always and they were enjoyed by all.  However, I ordered the warm chocolate cake with salted caramel cream and was given bread pudding.  His fatal mistake was telling me that's what I ordered.  It was a special and not even on the menu and I always order the same dessert.  He told me to try it because i would be happy with that dessert.  I wasn't and begrudgingly returned with a comped chocolate dessert.  This is how crappy personnel can make or break your experience.....
5	I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT. If you go to Vegas and don't eat here and sit on the patio at least once you are missing out. We went here once for breakfast and then came back the next day for lunch. I would recommend making a reservation from OpenTable.com and then showing up a little early and letting the hostess know you're willing to wait for a table outside- SO worth it. Even if it's cold outside they have heaters that will keep you warm. The service is impeccable, the food is delicious, and you can't beat the view. For breakfast I had the eggs benedict which were cooked perfectly. I also had some of the coffee which was delicious & seriously the second I finished a cup the waitress was back to pour me a fresh one. For lunch, BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP OF MY LIFE. HANDS DOWN. I swear heaven opened up and the angels started singing as soon as I poked my spoon through the massive layer of cheese into that delicious broth. And - $7.50 glass of chardonnay. That is unheard of along the Strip, at least to my knowledge of any decent restaurant. Usually you are paying $10-12+ for a glass. Plus where else do they give your table it's own fresh, hot baguette?! I cannot wait to go back to Vegas and force everyone who is with me to eat there multiple times.
5	Wonderful breakfast - don't miss the lemon skinny pancakes.  Eating on the patio was a plus.  Service was excellent.
5	This place is really good!Made a reservation on Open Table for brunch and did not know they had a Bloody Mary Bar so I was even more excited when we sat down and learned this information!!The bloody mary is made with a heavy hand of Kettle One Vodka and then you head over to the bar. They have SO MANY OPTIONS! At least 4 different base mixes, olives stuffed with different special treats, cucumbers, jalapenos, at least 15 different hot sauces, Worcestershire, fresh ground pepper and BEEF JERKY!!! That absolutely blew my mind. I would never think to put beef jerky in my bloody mary but it was awesome!!I had the Croque Madame and it was sooo good. The ham was succulent, the bread was perfectly crisp, the egg on top was cooked to perfection, the cheese... everything was so good!!BF got the Nutella Waffle and it was unlike any waffle we had ever eaten. It was so crisp and light to the bite. The nutella was not overpowering and it was such a subtly beautiful waffle I just dream about it. Our server was awesome, our scenery was spectacular and without a doubt, whenever I am in Vegas I will for sure eat here, at least once!!
5	Amazing amazing service!! And delicious food!
5	I wish I could swim in a vat of Mon Ami Gabi's bearnaise and hollandaise sauce. I would happily drown in it, as long as I had five minutes to bathe in it and dip their delicious gluten free bread in it. In fact, if I ever go to jail and am on death row, you know exactly what I want as my last meal. MON AMI GABI.It's hard to find restaurants that offer a gluten free menu at times. Mon Ami? BOOM! In your face, have it right on their posted menu everywhere in and outside of Paris. Let me tell you, it may look small, but you don't need variation. All you need is either A. Brunch, B. STEAK BEARNAISE or C. Seafood Platter.Brunch: For the fiance, a crepe filled with tender, juicy chicken and brie cheese. For myself, Eggs Benedict on, wait for it, GF BREAD! DELICIOUS! My fiance was silent the entire meal, and happily for him, so was I. PHENOMENAL. His crepe smelled like a beautiful spring morning relaxing at a small cafe in Paris. Yes, it reminded me of comfort and bliss. He said it tasted better than the smell. My Eggs Benedict? You saw the first sentence of this review. Enough said. Also, may I please advise you to get their BLOODY MARY BAR. Yes. MAKE YOUR OWN BLOODY MARY complete with several hot sauce options and oh, a BEEF STICK. THANK YOU DELICIOUSNESS!Steak Bearnaise: Please see first sentence. Just add beef and the most amazing steak frites I have ever had in my life and you have yourself a winner, winner, moo-cow dinner. $25 for a perfectly cooked medium rare steak with non-greasy or heavy steak frites. No ketchup or steak sauce necessary my friends. This is pure meaty heaven.Seafood Platter: If you don't like seafood, avoid it. If you like seafood, stick your head into the platter and enjoy the happiness that unfolds before your tastebuds. Simple, clean, perfect portion for two people and FRESH. There's no peculiar fish smell here; it's some of the best seafood I've ever had away from the east coast. Beautiful presentation and just perfect.Go here. Now. Immediately. DO. NOT. DELAY. Did I mention the bearnaise sauce yet...mmmm...P.S. The wait for the tables outside are worth if after 7:00PM with the Bellagio fountains going off every 15 minutes!
4	I've eaten here 3 times because it's one of the few nicer places in Vegas that's not ridiculously expensive. Always had a great experience. I love the steak with bearnaise, and the trout is delish too. If you eat outside you have a view of the Bellagio fountain show.
3	Hostesses were a bit snobby, which was annoying considering we had a reservation, were there early, and were dressed appropriately (as opposed to several people we saw in jeans and flip flops, for dinner!)Service was good but almost TOO fast!  We got our food extremely quickly and that was a bit of a bummer because we felt rushed and didn't get to savor our special meal.  French onion soup was delicious, very cheesy.  My husband had the much recommended Filet Minot Merlot and it did not disappoint.  I ordered scallops with butternut puree and brussel sprouts.  The butternut puree and brussel sprouts were very yummy. The scallops had little taste and I didn't finish them.Last time I was in Vegas we ate at the Lakeside in the Wynn and I would recommend it over this place for a truly special adult night on the town.  Although the view of the Bellagio fountains is a nice bonus!
5	Every time I go to Las Vegas, it is essential to eat at Mon Ami Gabi! Im not usually a fan of corporate restaurants (Mon Ami is a Lettuce Entertain You concept), but this place stands alone in all categories. Make sure you request a table outside. You can see and hear the Bellagio Water show across the street throughout your dinner. Last time I was here, I had a french waiter and there is something special about having a french waiter at a french place, looking up and seeing the eiffel tower, but knowing you are in one of the most exciting party cities in the world! The food here is unbelievably good! Never had one bad item on the menu in 3 visits. If youre looking to impress someone, take them here the next time you are in Las Vegas.
5	Let's put it this way:I care about my food so I wouldn't want to waste a meal on chain restaurant or lowly-rated places on yelp in Vegas so Mon Ami Gabi ended up a reasonable choice.I went with the family (seniors, no kids) and our Asian seniors ended up liking the food too (which is great as they think most food from restaurants are too greasy). I remember we had the Salmon fillet which was tender and full of flavor and a crepe (seafood?) that was fresh and refreshing (not greasy, hate greasy stuff)Would highly recommend as it's a very easy choice and cannot go wrong. Not pricy either
5	Hi all, the whole experience was fantastic! I made my reservation using yelp. The food (seafood and french style steak frites) was 5 stars! The wait staff was very attentive to our needs, 5 stars.  Dessert and coffee was 5 stars!
2	Charged us $75 for water. I guess we have to ask for tap water? Do they offer tap water? This place is ridiculous. I guess I'm not a French restaurant kinda girl.
4	Love this place!  I've eaten there both times I visited Vegas. I ate lunch there two times and breakfast once.  Never had the pleasure of dining there for dinner.  Wish I had so I could give this place the full five-star rating it probably deserves.  They have a wonderful array of fine wines and the food is beautifully presented as well as delicious.  I had the savory crepes (shrimp and scallops), which was so good I just had to order it again the next time I had lunch there. Ordered Eggs Benedict for breakfast this trip and enjoyed it immensely.  If you take my advice and eat at this restaurant, make sure you get a window view or sit outside to take advantage of Bellagio's most spectacular water show.  It will surely add to your experience.
5	We were looking for a nice birthday lunch for my sister that wasn't $$$$, had good reviews on Yelp, and was suitable for a 2 and 8 year old. Most of the well-rated restaurants were way out of our budget in Las Vegas, or were a little too fancy to bring kids.  Luckily, we found Mon Ami Gabi!Everyone's meals were tasty.  I had the mushroom soup, the butter lettuce, goat cheese and apple salad, and the Seafood crepe.  The peas in the seafood crepe were so nice and sweet and fresh.  For the kids, they had the Mac and cheese which came with thinly sliced apples and skinny green beans.  It was so delicious!  I found myself picking at their plates quite often too!Bottom Line:The meals were reasonable priced, especially compared to all of the other restaurants in the area. Our waitress was nice and helpful (she suggested the Seafood Crepe).  And the restaurant wasn't too fancy that bringing kids would be frowned upon.  Great place!
5	Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to have a brunch especially when it is nice and sunny. We decided to make reservations to this place. However, heed my advice. Don't make reservations until you know approximately what time you will come here because you may have partied the previous night and it may be difficult for you to wake up in time.If you want the outdoor patio, there is a waitlist (first come/first serve) regardless of whether you made reservations. This waitlist is located at the front of the restaurant. In addition, when you make a reservation, at least ask them to place you as close to the front of the restaurant where you will get some sun.Initially, they gave us a nice loaf of warm french bread. It was pretty decent with a side of butter. Then, I ordered the steak with carmelized onions in a red wine reduction. It was quite delicious and tender. We came to this because of the charming ambiance. If you are sitting by the window or outside, you have the pleasure of viewing the fountains at Bellagio.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Every time I go I get the Prime burger with blue cheese, and frites on the side. I haven't been able to try anything else because I love this burger so much!! Their prices are very reasonable. $13 for the burger I get. We went last night on a saturday at 7pm and waited an hour and a half for a table on the patio. The service is great as well.
2	We've dined here before. Food always good. As others have said, there is usually a wait to be seated. Reservations highly recommended and if you want the patio, you'll have an additional wait. I'm dinging them on the rating because we were seated in the "atrium like room" between the patio and dining room proper. Wow, do they need noise baffles in that room. My wife and I could only converse by shouting and we were seated NEXT to each other. Upon being seated we considered just leaving. Should have, as my wife couldn't even finish her meal from the noise. Wish we had gone to Bouchon at the Venetian instead.
4	This place is great for big groups. I had a party of 9 and organized a pre-fixed menu. They were very accommodating and fast with our food. Everything was fresh and warm, and the service was great!
5	Make a reservation and you'll be seated immediately. Amazing food. Filet Mingon is to die for. The sauce, out of this world. Couldn't be happier. Perfect view of the Bellagio fountain at night for a lovely meal.
3	I gave Mon Ami Gabi another try recently after a horrific experience the last time I was there a few years ago (the waiter didn't take a food allergy seriously and didn't check with the kitchen). I realize that staff may come and go and my last experience wasn't the fault of the restaurant itself, so I gave it another chance because my girlfriend wanted to try it. The food probably won't be the most memorable part of your experience here; I'd venture to say it'll be the atmosphere. If you sit outside on the patio, you'll have a great view of the fountains at the Bellagio and plenty of people watching in the meantime.  The prices are pretty reasonable given the location ($25 steak+fries) and the food does a reasonable job of representing the sort of fare you'd expect in a french cafe if it were cooked by an american chef that had learned to prepare the food by reading the menu.  The service on my latest visit was much better. The waiter (Manuel according to the receipt) actually checked with the kitchen about my allergy and was back to me promptly with the confirmation that they do in fact (rather unusually) make their french onion soup with chicken stock (a bizarre allergy, I know).   My last visit mostly redeemed previous experiences and I'll probably give Mon Ami Gabi another go in the future if for no other reason than the view.
3	Had a decent experience here.  Made a reservation and was seated within about 10 minutes.  Had a pretty nice seat, inside, but against the glass wall over looking the strip.  Was seated at one of those tables for two that are weirdly small and low to ground.  Really uncomfortable to sit at.  Food was ok.  Onion soup was great except for it's zero salt content  I salted it and it fixed it.  My wife enjoyed the snails.  My steak flavorful but the fry/chip/things that came with it were odd and hard to eat with any enjoyment.  My wife had the scallop appetizer for her entree and it was a complete rip off.  It was ONE scallop sliced into three to look like 3 scallops with some cheese and sauce.  Our waiter was really creepy and possibly condescending at the same time.  And no, it wasn't because we complained at all, it just how he was ::shiver::
4	since my fiancee and i stayed at Paris.. i got to dine here quite often.. mostly for breakfast while she slept.. i will say.. they have plenty awesome items on the menu.. but the corn beef has was excellent.. they do occasionally burn the toast and give you soggy hash browns.. but they will replace it.. overall.. it's a pretty great place to hang out and grab breakfast or lunch.. their croque monsieur is also very good..
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to grab breakfast/lunch on the Strip. The heated outside patio is a perfect spot to sit and enjoy the Bellagio Fountains, while having a bite to eat.The food is simple and reasonably priced.  I highly recommend the bananas foster waffles. Portions here aren't huge, but the food is good and the atmosphere is great.
5	Way better than spending an hour and a half at the blackjack table! Spend your money here.Definitely get a reservation. We had a reservation and still waited 20 minutes in line to get to the hostess to tell her we were there (It was Saturday night on the strip). This is a place to plan for and look forward to.The food was amazing. Steaks are the way to go and yes the fries are as good as the reviews. We also went high society and ordered the escargot... mmmmmm.What a treat. Great for a date night or with friends. If your gonna bring the kids they'll be happy with the french fries but maybe not a potential wait.
5	Its like real estate - Location, Location, Location.When you walk up to put your name on the list to be seated, you can pick from the short line ( inside ) or the long line ( outside ).  It should be the easiest decision you make.  Take your time, grab some slot machine minutes, whatever....but wait for the patio.Service was very good.  Quick, attentive and friendly.Steaks are tender, perfectly cooked and the bordelaise is very good.  Fries are good as well, although I personally don't rank them as highly as others here.And yes, you are on a patio on the strip, which means the odd drunken frat boy will pull you from your daydream of a cafe by the Seine and onto an episode of Jersey Shore.  And that means that occasionally, what sounds like the entire North American contigent of the Hells Angels will make the wine glasses shake, and that occasionally a billboard truck will drive by offering....well, its Vegas, you know.But it doesn't matter.  Because every fifteen minutes you and everybody else on the patio, the sidewalks and even on the street stop to watch the Bellagio fountains.  You can hear the music beautifully ( sans Hells Angels, of course ) and the fountains are still the best thing on the strip.    So while the selection of steaks is a little more spare than I would like and the wait is overly long....who cares?  Enjoy the show.
4	Great food and service. Had the salmon salad - great fish! Had the warm chocolate  pudding cake - was just like warm batter - amazing!!! Be sure to wait for an outside table if the weather is good. Great view of the Bellagio fountains and great people watching.
5	Solid 5 stars for me, I love everything about this place, the food, the location, the service, I always make sure to stop here at least ONCE every time I visit Vegas...steak au poivre and fish of the day never fails :) Eating French food, and drinking French wine while looking at the Bellagio fountains, and the strip...yes ! yes! yes! or should I say oui oui oui!
3	Mon Ami Gabi was right next door to our hotel, and we were starving so we gave it a try.  The interior and exterior is beautiful.  Although it's a French joint, I ordered a bacon cheese burger of all things.  I have to say it was cooked perfectly and was very tasty.  I liked almost everything about Mon Ami Gabi.The one thing I didn't like, was our frat boy server.  I think he though the was being witty, but he was really just rude.  He kept poking at someone in our party who did not want to order food, and it was a bit annoying.Our table happened to be next to the beverage station, and I overheard him talking to other servers, and literally yelled at them to speak English instead of Spanish.  Yes right in front of the customers.  I thought it was totally disrespectful and uncalled for.  It kind of ruined my experience.  The service itself was fine, but I don't think I'll go back.
3	Was in the mood for some Crepes Sunday Am and decided if I went early I would beat the post Patty's Celebration Crowds. Perfect plan I tell you, about 830 straight to a table street side. A little disappointed in the lack of Crepes on the menu as they had only Deseret Crepes. However my server explained that "thin pancakes" are really big crepes.I opted for the lemon and fruit "thin pancakes", with a double shot espresso and a fruit cup on the side. Espresso - Wow, I was super disappointed as I was imagining myself sitting in Paris sipping espresso in a cafe. This espresso was really bad. It was made perfectly (texture and color) but was bitter and just a bad roast. Now I am sort of a espresso snob coming from Seattle however I don't feel that having high expectations for espresso in a French Cafe is too much to ask. I expected an artisan roast and something very smooth, wrong.Now the thin pancakes were excellent. I was very happy with the flavor but the sheer size literally made me think this is so not French. It was massive and wasteful when it came to pure size of the pancakes themselves, however it was pretty stingy on the fruit topping (possibly 3 strawberries slices up). The flavor was very good and would have seemed somehow even better, if it were in short supply making me savor each bite. However with this huge portion it I ate until I was very full and still sent back half a plate of food. Overall a good experience but if you are a French Bistro in a French themed hotel; they might want to send the manager to France, Paris in particular, to see how the french really eat and live. It seems like a French Claim Jumpers or something when it came to portions, and a  jip of a coffee pastry place. I think they need to focus a little more on trying to serve great food and minimize the portions to a reasonable level and stop trying to be everything to everyone. I imagine accommodating the fanny pack crowd is a challenge as you have to to make ends meet on the strip however, most fanny packers are not ordering the thin pancakes and espresso. Do the IHOP thing on the American items but make some crafted products for people who are real foodies. You don't have to totally sell out to make the dollar.As far as price, I was a little surprised considering the $25.00 bill with $5 tip. $30 for crepes and espresso? I think the espresso was $7 which actually made it even worse than the taste. I might go again, but I might not. Probably better places to fit my cravings when I get them.
5	Came here for a romantic dinner before my boyfriend and I went to see Le Reve.  Absolutely a perfect experience.  I highly recommend making a reservation, as this is a very popular spot right across from the Bellagio.  Apart from the ambience and the impeccable service, I have to say this place deserves a 5 star review for the food alone.  Together, we ordered the filet mignon with the merlot butter sauce, the mac n cheese (macaroni a gratinee if you want to be particular), the mussels, the drink special "frangia," the french pun on sangria much appreciated, the caesar salad, and the creme puffs for a perfectly sweet ending.  I would go into much more detail about how delicious these dishes were, but really words could not do it justice.  Just go, eat, enjoy, and sit back while your waistband continues to expand.
5	I was in Vegas for a business trip and wanted to have a good meal my last night in town.  What I got was fantastic.  Started with Escargot, perfection.  Entree was Filet au Pouvre.  It was so tender you could've used your fork to cut it.  This will be a stop every time in Vegas.
3	I went here for breakfast with a group.  First off, no seating of incomplete parties.  I don't see that as a negative, but some may.We got a great table outside and got to people watch til our hearts were content while gnawing on some tasty food.  I got the standard fare of 3 eggs with toast and bacon and coffee.  Unfortunately, it's pretty hard to go much higher than 3 stars for that or much lower. (OK, it's not hard to go lower, but it's pretty tough to screw that up)  The bacon was actually amazingly good - nice and thick cuts with what my burned out palate detected as somewhat maple-y as well.  The eggs were fine as was the toast and potatoes.  Perhaps, on another drunk weekend, I'll stop in and be more adventurous.
4	Many restaurants in Vegas has such an indoor feel....and the attention is on keeping you inside a casino or design elements.  But my experiences in France are all otherwise.  This place is fun for that reason.  The decor is fun and the patio allows for more the cafe or brasserie experience.   The wife and I escaped a group and happened upon this place and were pleasantly surprised.    Not the best french I have had by any means, but cocktails helped make it a fun lunch.  The frisee salad with a poached egg was nice, and so was the Salmon with spinach.
5	I love the crepes and i love that i can watch the bellagio fountain while eating my food
5	Go and get the outdoor seating(do reservations!). The food was great I got the scallop taste really good. The service was awesome too!
4	Service was excellent. French bread was warm and crusty. Ambiance was light filled and lively for a Sunday lunch. Bloody Mary bar was nice option as well.
5	Great French food at reasonable prices.  It's not the best French food in town but its not $200 a meal either.  This is definitely a great restaurant totally worth checking out.
4	i had the best mushroom, spinach, and leek quiche here.  when my plate was first brought to me, i thought, "that's kinda small."  but for a comfortable, not overly full, start to the day, it turned out to be perfect.  the crust was crispy and flaky and the center had so much flavor.  on a chilly day, the best seat is in the sunroom.  the dining room seemed unusually dark to me - not even in a romantic way.  it was just plain dark; like you were in a steakhouse and they forgot to turn on the lights.
4	Came here for breakfast and had one of the best omelette's I've ever had. The eggs were fluffy and cooked perfectly. My gf had the Benedict with chive hollandaise. We added a croissant that was crispy and buttery. It's a little pricey but it's Vegas so what do you expect. Can't wait to back for dinner!!!!!!! Oh the hash browns were some of  the best I ever had.
4	I landed in Vegas and about 30 minutes later I was having breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi. I really liked this restaurant, and if it were based solely on my food, it would be 5 stars. I had the special eggs benedict for the day and it was ridiculously good. Crazy good. It was the english muffins (made in house) with brie cheese, spinach, onions (I think? hard to remember)....but it was just sooo good. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the hollandaise was the best I have ever had. I wanted to lick the plate. Additionally, it came with herbed hash browns that were more like very thin french fries....all over amazingness. Fresh and delicious. Now, the BF got the nutella waffle and he thought it was just alright. The description made it seem like it would have hazelnuts in it, but it was just nutella in waffles (I thought it was super good, but he thought it was just ok). The portion was a bit small for the price. The coffee was very tasty and the service was great! Coffee was never empty. Anyway, I would definitely come back here the next time I am in Vegas for breakfast....
4	I would probably give it 5-stars but I didn't really eat enough to know if it really commands 5 stas. We really enjoyed what we ordered and actually, we thought it was MUCH better than Bouchon, which I found extremely overrated.I only had the French onion soup and a frisee salad with a poached egg and bacon. Wow, the salad was so great--I loved it and I was not really expecting much. On the other hand, the soup was good; the classic French onion soup. My husband had a steak with blue cheese, which was very tender and tasty. It's not a great cut of meat but they prepared it well. As for the atmosphere, it was a little noisy and crowded but no more so than Bouchon. In fact, the style is very similar but a little more cozy while Bouchon is cavernous.Overall Mon Ami Gabi was worth the money and I will return.
4	Had a great Sunday late breakfast - wonderful service -coffee cups were always filled with great hot coffee ( very important to my husband)  we sat outside and it was chilly but the heaters kept us cozy -great for people watching too.. loved our meal as well... I thought it was better than Eiffel Tower restaurant ....and a similar and more "French" menu too !
5	Delicious! Amazing! Please, Sir... I want some more...Need I go on?A few friends had recommended MAG prior to my trip to Las Vegas earlier this month, telling me it was a prime spot for people-watching. Situated right on Las Vegas Boulevard (or "The Strip"), MAG was that and so much more.Located within the Paris Hotel, directly under the Eiffel Tower, MAG welcomes diners with an authentic French experience right down to the decor. The cuisine could, at best, be described as French-American fusion. There's certainly something for everyone on the menu but with a twist that's a bit "en Francais".Over our three-day trip, my friends and I visited MAG twice: once for lunch and on our last day for breakfast. Both times we were more than impressed - particularly by the impeccable and attentive service. A table on the patio is worth the wait, but make reservations in advance if you're keen but short on time. MAG will be a must for me each and every single time I visit Las Vegas.
3	We dined here on a Monday evening. I had made reservations through Open Table and requested a romantic table for our 20th anniversary. They sat us in a two top right in the window overlooking the casino. Other than that, things went swimmingly. The Skate wing in lemon and caper sauce was great even if the server didn't quite know how to describe it. The food came out amazingly fast, almost too fast. They did bring us a dessert for our anniversary which was nice. I would have liked to sit out on the patio, but it was raining. the Inside of the restaurant is very pretty, but i would expect as much fro a Richard Melman property. I would go again.
4	Solid French food in a touristy area.  We walked in for Saturday brunch and were seated within a few minutes since we asked for indoors.  Feels disarmingly like Paris (I guess that's the point).  Actually, a little *too* much like Paris... it was difficult to wave down servers for tableware, sugar, another drink order, etc.  Not too difficult, just like I was in France rather than the tourist capitol of America.When you sit they give you warm bread.  Win.  Wonderful, delicious warm bread plopped right on the table with some butter. Decent onion soup, with a rich beef broth and melting caramelized onions- a little bit salty for me, but that's just me.  Melted cheese and a crouton on top.  Standardly solidly good, which is to say great since it's hard to get some standardly solidly good soupe a l'oignon in the US.INCREDIBLE frisee and warm bacon salad with poached egg and a citrus vinaigrette- we spent awhile trying to guess what made the dressing so good and we still have no idea.  The warm thick hunks of bacon went great with the light orange-y dressing.  We asked for extra bread to mop up the goodness.  Only wished there was a bit more frisee to balance out the heavy toppings.Seafood crepe: meh.  Scallops and shrimp were good, but I'd pass on this.There are four stars here for that salad.  It's that good to bring a three star restaurant up to a four.  Yum.
2	Worst, driest bone in ribeye I have ever had. Seriously. The mussels were decent though.
4	A great bang-for-your-buck in Vegas-- really!Where else can you sit outside with a view of the Bellagio watershow, have a meal of escargot, steak, and dessert for about $40-50?  Ok, there are plenty of places to grab a steak in Vegas with a decent view of the Strip, but I thought this place was excellent and a good price for what you get.We had a group of five on a Friday night and walked right up and got a table inside right away (it was January, so we didn't want to sit outside).  The service was good, the only thing I thought was weird was serving their warm and fresh bread in a piece of parchment paper on a plate-- I mean, come on, even chains like Mimi's spring for a bread basket with a cloth napkin.  And yes, Mon Ami Gabi is a chain as well, but a small chain.  The appetizers were fab-- escargot and scallops were the best in my opinion.  In fact, I think next time I'm back, I'm going to get two orders of scallops and a salad... and a steak too?  The wine and champagne we had were pretty good and fairly priced.  And the steak was perfect!  I ordered it pretty rare and they did a perfect job-- and what a deal for $25 for steak.Dress code is probably smart casual-- you could get away with jeans.  We were pretty dressed up but didn't feel over dressed for a Friday night.They also have breakfast and lunch that looked good on their online menu and after having dinner there, I'd go back for any meal.The service was overall good, but I'd like a little more schmoozing ;)
4	Nice view of Bellagio and the watershow, romantic environment, friendly staff, and great food!I just wish it wasn't so darn expensive =/ A plate of small Caesar salad is already $9!
3	Had a nice dinner here with the manfriend and all of his staff.  The service was ridiculously slow...like we got in at 6:30 and left at 9:00 slow.We ordered a seafood platter and the best thing was the ahi tuna salad and seaweed salad.  AMAZING. I could eat those all day.I had the scallops and they were ok...nothing too spectacular.The bread is AMAZING!!! So warm and soft.I would give it another try but maybe for brunch.The view is nice.  We sat out on the patio and had a great view of the fountain.
3	I wanted to LOVE Mon Ami Gabi, I really did. They seemed very gluten free-friendly with a huge gf menu online. At the restaurant, not so much. The gluten free bread they served was two pieces of Udi's Gluten Free Bread that I buy every week at the store grilled with butter, NOT impressed. Ordered the Steak Classique which was cooked as ordered, the butter sauce was flavorful but would have liked it on the side better. Frittes were okay, a little overdone and very hard to eat. Husband had the Char special with pureed asparagus which he liked. I was most disappointed in the service. Server had NO personality, was not light with us when we tried to have conversation and seemed to care less we were there. He refused to take empty plates off the table, the bread plate didn't get cleared until the end of the meal (pet peeve). Felt like we were rushed in and out and were stuck at a tiny table in a dark corner (dark enough you couldn't read the menu or SEE your food).
5	I've always passed by this restaurant and finally decided to take a dive and try it. The first thing that caught my attention is the extremely cute setting. The restaurant is located in front of Paris and is staring onto the strip and Bellagio.My boyfriend and I stopped by for brunch/lunch. The weather outside was just perfect, nice and sunny, and we were lucky enough to catch a showing of the Bellagio water show while we were eating.The wait staff is extremely attentive. Service was very good. Our food came out fairly quick. For an appetizer we ordered the baked cheese. No joke, this was the best cheeeeeeeeesilicious thing I have ever eaten. 3 different cheeses baked with marinara sauce and garlic bread. Holy moly was this good. We ran out of garlic bread fairly quick (there was only one piece *insert super sad face*) but have no fear cause there was a complimentary baguette (fresh baked) and we used that to top off the rest of our cheese.We both ordered steak for our entree. It's a thin cut, not the usual chunk of meat I'm used to. But regardless, it was still delicious. Both our steaks came with something called frits. It's a mix between potato chip and french fry. But nonetheless, delicious with our steak.If you want some brownie points with your girl, take her here.
3	A good view to people watch on the Strip.  It is across from Bellagio so a dinner reservation outside on the patio gives you a free fountain show to go along with dinner.  The Waite staff was very good and there were some good options on the menu.  A pretty good wine list as well.  It gets pretty busy for dinner so a reservation is suggested.
5	The service here is excellent they're incredibly attentive (they'll fold your napkin when your not looking, so be on guard. lol)   My waiter coerced me into getting the "special" 16oz Porter house with Creamy Au Gratin and String Beans. At first sight I blushed like a little girl when I saw this beautiful piece of bloody meat laid before me, oh yeah this behemoth is pretty darn good too. They cooked in medium rare and served it as is with a little horse radish sauce, and that's all you need to achieve meaty nirvana.   But as much as I loved the porterhouse the half-chicken nearly stole the show, simply because it was prepared perfectly. I was at a lost for words for how good it was, I would have to say it rivals the one over at At Last Cafe.    The only bummer was that you had to walk out of the restaurant to find the bathrooms. Also if you make a reservation you better be on time or notify them, because they'll charge you $100 on your card. (wtf?!?! They don't play)  This place will make your wallet just a little more lighter, but you can't beat the outdoor seating overlooking the strip while dining on such fine cuisine.
4	I am IN LOVE with the patio atmosphere. I would gladly wait 30+ minutes to have a good table out there on a nice day. We made reservations for 2 people at about 12:45pm and still had to wait 15 minutes. But was well worth it!They start you off with a Mon Ami Gabi baguette and butter. AMAZING, 5 stars! and they give you another baguette when you're done with the first.french onion soup - 4 stars. Big enough to share. LOTS AND LOTS of cheese!crab cake ($15) - 4 stars. one large crab cake over some cabbage and some kind of cream sauce. Really tasty when eaten together but I'm not sure if its worth $15.Steak Sandwich - 3 stars. The waiter didn't tell us that they drench the sandwich in mayonnaise. I usually am okay with mayo but this was too much. Steak was okay.. Fries - 2 stars. What's the hype with these? Overall the experience was good. I just really enjoyed the patio atmosphere and the music they play. The food was good but nothing spectacular.. perhaps ill be back for the steak everyone talks about.
4	Location location location.   Awesome review of the Bellagio fountain show. The scallops were awesome but the onion soup was a ill different from what we were used to so we sent that back.
4	We made reservations for brunch and we were happy to be seated within 5-10 minutes of arriving.The hostess was really friendly and engaging.We were able to sit outside on the patio, what a lovely way to eat a Sunday brunch while watching the fountains at the Bellagio!I got the Ham & Cheese Crepe and it was delightful.The husband got the French Toast and he claimed it was the best french toast he's ever eaten.  He liked that it wasn't too sweet.We also got the Fresh Fruit Bouqet.  It was good but I don't think we'd get it again.Our waiter was fine but we weren't entirely impressed with him.Was it worth $70 for brunch?  (We had coffee and Bloody Mary's as well). It's a toss up.
5	I made a reservation on opentable.com before we got there.  Total lifesaver.  The line was WELL out the door when we arrived for our 6:30pm reservation.  We were sat inside, the patio was full.  *Warm Olive Jar- $6.95- delish!  The olives had so much flavor and I used the garlic on the bread!*Shrimp Cocktail- $14.95- a little pricy but they were 3 bite shrimp...they were HUGE*French Onion Soup- $8.95- not as salty as I thought it was going to be.  Very good.*Filet with Merlot Sauce- $32.95- melt in your mouth delicious.  I was super bummed when it was gone.*Fries- A little odd but they were very good soaked in the merlot sauce.Very Very Very good.  The service here is excellent and the bread is to die for.  Will be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to come here since we were exploring Paris and we wanted something fancy but also affordable. We've noticed that there's two lines, one for indoor seatings which is first come first serve or patio seatings which takes about 40-60 minute wait. Of course, we sat inside.Atmosphere: very small but also nice and romantic. This place is quite dark looking so please watch your step. Ok it's not that dark but it's dark enough to the point whenever I tried taking pictures of the food, it looked like it was burnt. Also there's a bar near where we sat and for some reason the day we went, it was extremely crowded! Fire hazard I tell you... Waitress: she was absolutely amazing. She's always smiling Whig made us feel very welcomed, especially when we cant even pronounce most of the stuff on the menu. She even recommended some few famous dish and the specials that were not on the menu. She looks like a pinup girl too. Okay enough with miscellaneous info. Time to get to the food. This is what we ordered:-free baguette served in a bag and with thick butter and apple sliced with olive oil and some other flavors. I can eat that apple plate alone. So delicious!-Escargot $11: cooked snail in pesto garlic butter. Not too buttery, but quite oily which is fine-Beef bourgiguon $23: just like beef stew.. Cooked in wine and served on pasta. The beef was very moist and soft. The plate looks small but very filling.-Medium Rare steak classique $24: steak was perfect.. Just the way we wanted. Comes with a large portion of fries. The fries look very different from other French fries and its really addicting.
3	We waited for about 30 minutes on a Sunday noon. The wait time was reasonable but the hostess told us different when we checked in with her. She first told us the table was ready and we should stand on the side and she'll call us,  then after 10 minutes we checked with her again and she said things got switched around...so we ended up waiting longer and in the mean time and ppl behind us al l got seated.The food was great tho. Steak sandwich was the highlight. The brunch was good too - blueberry French toast, strawberry waffles are my favorites. Service was okay. The waiter never came to refill waters....  Overall it is worth trying if you gave never been. But the service depends on when you go and the waiter you get.
5	Service: SuperbLocation: Right where you want to beFood: One moment please... I just had a foodie orgasm!The Rose was an excellent choice to match with the most amazing Pate ever! The poor spreading knife was used and abused during our lovely brunch. Our second order of Pate could not come soon enough.The Hand-Cut Gaufrette Potato Chips were good enough to have a mini FKM (fat kid moment) and ask for a second serving!Terri (My Love) has her favorite dish here and would not stray! She always orders the Trout Amandine. I would have enjoyed this more if I had my braces out... There were a lot of yummy almonds on this dish. But very pretty presentation.And I ordered an entree this time. I know, I know I usually don't make it past the champagne and the appys! But everything had been so delish up to this point I had to order more. So I had the Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine! Yum Yum
2	Brunch was mediocre. Our waiter seemed to be having a rough day or was super nervous. I couldn't even finish the quiche I ordered because it was too salty tasting, and the eggs didn't taste of terribly high quality or freshness. And then, of course, its not the most affordable thing. It took way to long to be waited on and served. I wouldn't go back.
4	Back again and still loving it.  Best friend and I had dinner here.  It was a Sunday night and their was a 45 minute wait, but hey that's what gambling is for.  Our waiter was great with suggesting wine pairings for my friend.  Their escargot is awesome.  They never rush you and are very attentive.  Did I mention the awesome view of the fountains show?  Well it is great.  I will be back again next year on our yearly trip.
5	Excellent service, Good food, Fantastic View- what more can you ask for!This is one of those places that definitely lived up the the hype for me.  So delicious!  It was a sunday night in vegas so we were pretty lucky and got seated right away on the patio.  Fantastic view!  You can see the bellagio fountain show while eating dinner and people watch at the same time. Got the crab cakes, and steak soooo gooood!!   My mom got the salmon and it was cooked to perfection!  Too it got super windy and started sprinkling so we left in a hurry or I would have cleaned my plate.I'll definitely be back
4	I'm not a huge fan of French food, but Mon Ami Gabi was a pleasant surprise. Maybe it's because I was starving from dancing all day at Encore Beach Club, or maybe it's because I was too broke to spend much else on food all weekend. Either way, Mon Ami Gabi hit the spot at 4 pm on a Saturday in Vegas.I got the onion soup and the baked cheese. The onion soup was a little bland but tasty, especially with all of that melted cheese. The baked cheese was delicious -- the garlic pesto (?) bread it came with was sooooo good, and it was really hearty and filling dipped in the cheese and marinara sauce. I also tried some of my friends' food, which was all great. I think my favourite of everything I tasted was my friend's steak au poivre -- hardly surprising. The steak had so much flavour, and the frites were perfectly fried.Service was pretty awful, unfortunately. Luckily we weren't in a rush; otherwise the two hours it took for us to get in and get out with a reservation would've been a huge issue.
3	Food -  We ordered Onion Soup, Frisee & Warm Bacon Salad and Beef Bordelaise. Onion Soup - was OK but a bit on the salty side. Generous portion and definitely was not stingy on the onions. The beef stock was salty and does not have that rich buttery aroma to it.Frisee & Warm Bacon Salad - It was light and refreshing. It was simple yet delicious. The soft-poached egg mixed nicely with the citrus vinaigrette. The portion is on the small side.Beef Bordelaise - Steak was nicely prepared - medium rare as we have asked for. The potato chips on the side was impressive but a bit too salty to eat alone. Ambience - Will definitely ask for an outdoor seat next time. The lights for the indoor seating was poor and not suitable for taking "foodie" pictures :P
2	I just got done writing a letter to Harrah's customer service about how disappointed I was with the general service and appearance at The Paris this past weekend.  I'm hoping they take it to heart as I'd hate to see one of my favorite hotels go the way of The Sands, if you know what I mean.Really, our dinner here is what put me over the edge.  I went over a couple of the other reviews and noticed a pattern...."I used to love coming here" or  "this time things were different".....I too, noticed an exceptional difference.  I will say that I like the food here, I LOVE the view and I have had excellent service before, so, I know it can be done.  But, beware if you get server "77".  Yep.  Her name tag says, "77".  Trying to be polite, we did ask her for her name, but she seemed pretty annoyed to give it to us.  In fact, she just seemed annoyed.  She left 4 completely lighthearted people who were having a wonderful trip with a bad taste in our mouths.  Good thing for the Goat Cheese appetizer and mussels.  Only thing worth the taste this time around.
4	The food and wait staff were excellent. The prices were very reasonable as well.  I had the special which was Duck a l'Orange and my wife had the Beef bourguignon.  Both meals were fantastic and reasonably priced for Vegas at $26.95 and $23.95 respectively. The only complaint we had was that we made a reservation for 7:30pm with open table and were hoping to sit out on the patio.  When we arrived at 7:20 we waited in line to talk to the patio hostess who informed us that the reservations were only for inside and that there would be a 1.5 hour wait to sit on the patio.  We then had to get in the other line to speak with the indoor hostess who we made aware of our reservation to which she handed us a restaurant pager and said they would seat us in a couple of minutes.  It finally went off just as I was going to complain and possibly leave at about 8pm.   It probably wouldn't have been that big of a deal except for the fact we had show tickets for 9:30 at a different hotel. Luckily the the food and service were great otherwise and they served us very quickly. I would just recommend going early even if you made a reservation since the line was extremely long and people without a reservation were waiting over an hour even for inside seating.
1	Came here for brunch for my birthday weekend and it was a total fail. Its rare to say that yelp has totally disappointed me on this one. I got the steak and frites bordelaise. The frites were good but I got tired of it so quick because it was too salty. The steak was not even that great. It had way too much sweet flavor going on on such a thin sliced steak.My friends got the broccoli and cheese crepe and it was gross. Another friend got the tuna melt sandwich, the presentation of this dish was nice but it was also gross.. All I could taste was the olive and I hate olives. My other friend got the quiche and it was nothing special. The only good dish was the prime steak sandwich with au jus sauce but I have had better in oc.The service was eh. Our server was slow and rarely checked up on us.  This restaurant is overhyped.
4	Consistent great food at reasonable prices, with a great view of the Bellagio Fountain Show. We have been here 3 times now, and all 3 times we had a pleasant experience.Cheese plate: okay, but nothing specialSmoked salmon appetizer: delicious!Complimentary warm bread and room temperature butter: yummyThe republic of tea bottled ice tea (blackberry sage): I LOVE THIS TEA! Hard to find, and worth the $$Steak roquefort and frites: DELICIOUS!Special (arctic char): good
5	If you want to go to dinner in Vegas and not spend a crazy amount of money, and of course eat delicous food GO HERE! The service is top notch, they listen to your questions and are always around the corner to help. I didnt really want wine that night, go figure and the waiter asked me what I was in the mood for and CREATED a drink for me! Which was delicous. The food is great too, start with a cheese plate, good amount of cheese and garnishes to start, and be careful not to fill up on the loaf of bread they give you! Its a bit addicting! The steaks are amazing with french fries you wont want to stop eatting! The Beef Wellingtion was also top knotch! Nothing like a perfectly cooked steak! Enjoy!
5	My second time here and I absolutely love this place. It helps to make reservations to avoid long wait. Try the French Onion soup.
4	Fake French with the exception of slow service.  I really did enjoy my waffle, it was perfectly prepared.  Skimpy on the strawberries but delicious.  Make your own bloody Mary bar was a fun idea.  Good view of bellagio from Atrium like dining room.  Nice change from the rest of Vegas.
4	This place is great.  We went a couple years ago and liked it so much, we made a point of going back on our most recent trip.  We were so glad we did! the food is wonderful and TABLE service is great.  The hostesses are pretty much worthless and not remotely friendly, which i did deduct a star for.  They make a pretty awful first impression.  If i didn't know the food was good... i would have left.Food:  we had steaks, which are seasoned well and cooked perfectly.  And omg, they are so tender!!! we've eaten at some of the high-end steak houses in town, and these were soooo much better, for less money.  We also got french onion soup. It was meh.  Drinks were ok.Table Service:  top notch.  Our waitress was very friendly, on top of things, and accommodating.  Made for a great experience.
5	Absolutely amazing. The service was spectacular. Our waiter was kind, attentive, and very helpful. The food was incredible. I came with a large sized group and not one person was disappointed in their meals.Recommendations:-French toast (best French toast I have ever had)-baked cheese d'oeuvre - quiche Lorraine -mushroom, leek, spinach quiche- eggs Benedict
4	Loved it! The atmosphere was awesome - just sunlight and people talking. I felt like I was on vacation (I live in Vegas) and it was just really really nice. Michelle our server was beautiful and kind, attentive just one of those sorts that makes you feel comfortable and WELCOME. (Ninety percent of anywhere on the strip fails at this with flying colors - or maybe I need a black card.) Suits were cool and got us seated too. Bar tender was surprisingly nice to me even though I sat at his bar and didn't order a drink (only for five minutes, but still.)The food was MARVELOUS!!!! The food was excellent. My friend had the tuna burger (win) and I had the goat cheese salad (also a win.) The rest of our party ordered plenty of appetizers - which were all perfect. The duck (pardon me, I'm french food illiterate) with cherires was amazing, brie cheese, pat tae, oysters, etc. Sadly my friend and I had to split early before everything else came out. I didn't feel all gross like I totally stuffed myself and we left talking with each other saying "Why don't we do this more often?!" I will so be back!!! Super relaxing and fun, great food and not terribly expensive.
4	Awesome!! We had the best meal. Even the kids were raving about their food. My 10 year old was "savoring" each bite she said. Hubby and I both had the bordelaise steak cooked perfectly and SO flavorful. Caesar was good and the whipped cauliflower was outstanding! Tip included which is great. Even with the tip included the service was great and kid friendly.
4	I came here for brunch with a friend from out of town, and we were happy to get a table on the patio (the only way to go - sit inside and you could be in any generic nice restaurant - you're paying for their location anyway, might as well enjoy it!).I found my food to be incredibly greasy, but perhaps that's just the French way. It's was tasty, but swimming. Loved the bloody mary bar, but found the glass they gave me too small and narrow :) I had filled it with goodies and hardly had room to top off with juice! Plus I thought the shot of vodka looked a little chincy in the glass, but perhaps I'm just used to making my own at home. Point is, you're going for atmosphere as much as anything, and their patio is lovely. Elevated, but right in the middle of everything. I'd go back to take someone from out of town in a heartbeat.
4	Took my teen daughter here for dinner over Spring Break. Smart mom made reservations ahead of time on Yelp (Yay! I'm a fan.), had my daughter look at the menu beforehand because she takes forever to make up her mind. Our hotel shuttle dropped us off at the Mirage and we trekked for what seemed like miles (Strip was jam-packed with moderately drunken revelers) until we spotted the red awning. We were famished and decided not to request a patio table - had enough of the riff raff  and wanted a quieter setting. It was hopping at 6:45pm so I'm glad I made that reservation! Quickly shown our table, bread plopped down in a timely manner, martini was ice cold (Yay! I'm a fan.) and server was attentive throughout. We both had salads (she the house, me the pear endive). She had the salmon, I had the steak bordelaise. Her fish was melt-in-your-mouth perfect. My steak was okay, not as great as I'd hoped it would be. Couldn't be bothered with the frites, would rather have a seasonal vegetable, but whatever. After a second martini (Yay! I'm a little tipsy.), the bill came to around $125.00, gratuity included. For a special treat, Mon Ami Gabi is worth it. Would definitely return.
5	This is a go to spot every time we are in LV, I wish they had one in Socal but I guess that is one of the things that makes Vegas trips special. For the strip, it's an awesome value for what you get, great beer/wine selections and the baguette's are perfection.
4	This was one of our better dining experiences while in Vegas.  Great location (recommend sitting outside!), great service and great prices.  My boyfriend and I both had salads and really liked both- salmon and bib lettuce with beets.
4	This place is excellent. Great service and even better food. The whipped cauliflower is incredible!
5	Excellent meal. Really great experience. Service was great, food and atmosphere were even better. Took the in-laws here and it was perfect for a nice family meal. Price was completely reasonable, especially for Las Vegas. Mussels, frites, and "frangria" really stood out. Great view of the Bellagio was a nice touch. We will definitely go back the next time we are in Vegas. I would strongly suggest reservations as it seems to get busy. It was quite full when we were there on a Sunday night.
5	DELICIOUS!!We came here on the first night of our Vegas stay and it was packed (on a Wednesday!)! So we decided to make reservations for the following night and see what all the fuss was about.They seated us promptly and we were quickly greeted by our lovely waitress (who stayed lovely throughout the meal - sadly a rare commodity). We ordered a nice wine and the seafood platter. Both were very good but I rather skip to the highlight of the evening. For dessert our waitress recommended the Chocolate Pudding Cake. WOW WOW WOW! Perfection on a plate! I'm not a big dessert orderer/eater but have been tempted here and there. This was definitely worth the extra calories ;) Indulge!!
4	I've wanted to dine here for years and simply never got around to it.  When an opportunity opened up to dine with friends, as part of a table of 12, I jumped at the chance.  Despite dining as part of a larger group I still felt I got a really good taste of the Mon Ami Gabi experience. Our waiter was a pro and handled 12 like there was just 2.  Up until this meal, Bouchon has been goto joint in Vegas for French bistro dining for years - I can already tell I am going to have trouble deciding between the two in the future after this meal.  Prices were keener than Bouchon, the atmosphere was just as lively and celebratory.  Some of the highlights food wise from the meal:Bread.  French baguette sticks served warm in paper.  Expected stuff but solid, and less messy than Bouchon's throw it down right onto your-lap-almost approach.Moules marniere were great, the only critique would be I would have liked to have seem more acid/wine in the broth.  Every mussel opened, not a single reticently clamped shut chap in sight.Duck confit. Rich, succulent and served with balsamic cherries, perfect to offset the fattiness of the duck.Scallops.  Cooked spot on which really surprised me, given our group of 12.  Fries.  Very unexpected.  Thought these would be standard frites, but were some kind of weird, flat pressed creation.  Ok, but I wasn't really a fan, I would have liked to have seen proper classical twice fried spuds.Celebrity note: A particular disheveled JWOWW wandered into the restaurant towards the end of our meal, entourage intact and making a mockery of the supposed dress code at the front door.  I'm half considering going back in similar attire myself to see what the response would be.
4	If you're trying to sit outside, expect a wait.  However, you can sit in the glass-enclosed room that feels like being outside (you have the view, but still have A/C!) and it's just as nice.  Service is very attentive and pleasant.  I had the blueberry French Toast - YUM.  While it's pricey for a meal, everything in Vegas sort of is.  They do take reservations, so make some and skip the line.  Overall, a nice experience.
4	I've been wanting to come here forever for breakfast! My husband took me on my birthday and it was definitely worth the wait! He had made reservations and I'm glad he did, because the line for no reservations was very long for a Sunday morning. We were seated immediately, but right next to this table full of older ladies that were really loud and obnoxious. The server came by quickly to take our drink orders. I ordered an OJ and the husband a hot chocolate. The OJ was pretty delish and my husband thought the hot chocolate was probably one of the best he's had. I ended up with the corned beef and hash with over medium eggs with a side order of the blueberry muffin. My husband ordered the croissant sandwich with a side of potatoes. My corned beef was really really awesome! It wasn't the normal corned beef in a can and the potatoes were crispy but tasty! My muffin was good, but not sure I would get it again at 3.95 a pop. The hubster enjoyed his sandwich and I thought it was a good price for how big it was. Overall, 40 something bucks for breakfast can be steep, but I definitely recommend coming here with guests or if you are an out of towner. Service was attentive and it's a cute place!
5	One of the best options for a steak on the Strip that won't bust your budget, and bar none the best people watching in all of Vegas, which by extension means we're talking about the best people watching in the world from the patio that overlooks the center of the Las Vegas Strip and the Bellagio fountains.Their onion soup is a little different than most, with a touch of cream giving it a lighter color. The aroma is rich, beefy and intoxicating and the taste delivers.This is a great lunch spot with sandwiches like an authentic Croque-Monsieur, ham and Gruyere with bechamel, the prime steak sandwich served chilled with caramelized onions and mustard mayo with whole seeds, and a quiche Lorraine that melts in your mouth.But I mentioned steak earlier. Let me come back to that. For $25 you get a plate of steak frites - I recommend the steak classique with maitre d'hotel butter or the steak au poivre with a delicious brandy peppercorn sauce.The steaks and sandwiches are all served with frites, fried potatoes cut like the crunchy wonton strips you'd throw into a bowl of soup. These are among the best fries in town, simultaneously crispy and something you can really, literally, sink your teeth into.Great view, great food, reasonable prices for Center Strip.
5	The pictures people are posting does not do this place justice.  This place should ONLY get 5 stars if you order the Ribeye steak (that was all I tried).  It is the most amazing steak I have ever had IN MY LIFE!  At $40 I would normally think it is overpriced for the taste, but not here!  The steak was tender, melts in your mouth and has great flavor embedded in each bite.  There wasn't too much fat and the marbling was perfect!  If there is one restaurant you eat at in Vegas and you want great flavorful food, eat at Mon Ami Gabi.  Ah-Maz-Ing!Oh and reserve your table online through yelp.  It was great to just walk up while everyone else had to wait!
4	Make a reservation or you will wait all night!If I could have scripted the perfect romantic date I couldn't have matched our lovely experience at Mon Ami Gabi. We made a reservation a few hours before we arrived, were seated immediately on the patio, and enjoyed an absolutely lovely meal punctuated by the Bellagio water show every fifteen minutes! As for the food- delicious bread and butter comes out as soon as you order; mushroom soup (vegetarian) is divine; mozzerella appetizer is good; salmon entree with mashed potatoes and mushrooms very good; ahi tuna salad can be skipped (odd amalgamation of ingredients- potatoes, tomatoes, olives...? Had to take off a star for that big miss) Overall, a great experience and worth planning!
5	Stopped in for lunch with the better half.  I had a reservation via OpenTable (Via the app, not the Yelp Link since I have an account and can't get points doing it here) and showed up a little early, the OpenTable thing is ONLY for indoors, Outdoors is first come first serve, so keep that in mind if you want to sit outside.  Our table was inside, but it was very close to the outside and we had a nice breeze without a lot of crazy wind blowing our food all over the placeI ordered an apparently new Menu item the Lobster Roll. It was a Lobster sandwich on Brioche bread and included some of the best "Potato Chips" I've ever had.  They looked more like Waffle Chips and were delicious!Service was prompt and friendly and I had absolutely no complaints.  Wonderful place to stop in for a meal.
3	View and location are great. It was especially convenient because I was staying in the hotel. It wasn't the easiest process to make a reservation, the girls at hostess stand weren't the friendliest. When we got downstairs at our reservation time we still had to wait about 15 minutes. It was a little awkward because the bar was full of other people waiting, and we were a group of 7 waiting in a cramped dining area. There should be some additional seating by hostess stand for waiting or a better receiving/waiting area. Once we were seated it took a while for our waiter to come to us. We had to request bread. Took a while for the drinks to come out. Our waiter in general was not very personable and was missing for most of the time. So the restaurant is not so good on the timing. Views of course are amazing because of the Bellagio fountains. Even though it was too cold to sit outside we still had a great view from inside. Food wasn't memorable. Like other reviews, the food came out lukewarm for most of the table. Our group of 7 all ordered a steak meal, 6 out of 7 were disappointed. Sides were ok but not very memorable. Would definitely stay at the hotel again but wouldn't revisit this restaurant, although I enjoyed all the other restaurants on site.
5	The ambience is terrific, the food out of this world.  It gets very busy, so make a reservation, or get there early.
5	THE BEST steak fritte, mash potatoes, mac-n-cheese, Bearnaise reduction & french bread you will ever taste in the heart of the Las Vegas strip.Fabulous service. Full wait staff, bow tie's and all! Great ambiance. Must make a reservation or you will expect a 2-3 hour wait.
5	Great food, great service. FYI a reservation does not get a seat on the patio, only confirmed seat in the dining room. That was disappointing to find out.
4	We came here for brunch on a Sunday and were pleasantly surprised to have a 5 minute wait for an inside table (no reservation).  I ordered the crepes special, which was very good - blueberries and strawberries with a light orange sauce.  I also ordered a glass of orange juice, which was good - normal orange juice.  My husband ordered the blueberry waffles, which had a great flavor but were very crisp (almost crunchy).  Dad had the corned beef hash with poached eggs, which he said was excellent.  Stepmom had the quiche Lorraine, which was great - I tried some and wished I had ordered it myself!  Coffee was good - just normal coffee, nothing out of the ordinary, but our waitress was great at keeping our cups filled.  Overall, we had a good experience and will likely return.
3	Love this place!!!! Perfect location on the strip to enjoy the day/ night meal with a view. Seafood Crepe -big portion. a little bit dry and creamy for my taste. overall it was good.Tuna burger - this was really good. big burger. love the wasabi mayo on it. tuna was cooked medium rare. perfecto!!!!! deduct 1 star for service. It seemed like the host hate her job.... The waiter was way too busy but he tried....
4	Great place to eat and people watch. Delicious breakfast. And they were super sweet to our baby.
5	Went here last night for the first time and couldn't be more satisfied with the overall experience. Made reservations a few days ago via Open Table and requested patio seating since it was our 10th wedding anniversary. Went there last night and was only reserved a table inside but when the front desk lady noticed our request and probably saw that it was anniversary, she immediately changed that and off we went to have our table at the patio with perfect view of the Bellagio Hotel and its dancing waters. First off, our server Matt was awesome, not too pushy and was surprised he knew about our anniversary. We started out with the recommended Frech Onion Soup and wasn't disappointed. Ordered their Seafood Platter and Lamb T-Bones and me and my wife finished them off since they were really good. Seafood Platter has 2  Maine Lobsters in it, 4 pcs of oysters, shrimps etc. For dessert, we had their famous White Chocolate Pudding and found out it's not even in their menu. We devoured it like there's no tomorrow and me and my wife are already planning our next visit there. Would like to thank Matt and the staff for making this dining experience worthwile.Add: only one thing we're disappointed with is the Asian busboy didn't even spoke to us one bit and would just drop off our food then go. We noticed he was especially accomodating with other customers around us and made it really obvious he didn't like us considering we're not as demanding as your regular customers.
5	Had dinner with my wife at Mon Ami. Sat on the patio where we could see the fountains of the Bellagio. Had steamed mussels, escargot, an after dinner port. Excellent in all respects. Get there early!  Great setting, great food.  Would definitely go back.
5	Great breakfast. There was a bit of waiting when we got there around 11am. Once we were seated, the waiter greeted us and gave us a brief recommendations from the menu. He was polite and nice. We had french toast, chicken crepe, ham crepe and three eggs. They all turned out to be outstanding. My chicken crepe with melted brie and apple, it tasted like heaven! Also I heard their dinner is pretty good too. I wil have to try their famous steak with french fries next time. :)
3	I had breakfast here on my first morning in Vegas. Honestly, breakfast was nothing to write home about. While I ordered a plain bagel, the others (my boyfriend and his two friends) got some pretty elaborate dishes. My boyfriend got the corned beef, that came with a side of hash browns, eggs, and toast. It was too salty; I didn't like it. It tasted a little weird.If you're looking for cheap, this place is definitely not the place. (5 dollars. For a bagel. A PLAIN bagel. I almost cried. I had to pay 2 extra dollars in tip.) My rating does not reflect the price, however -- I honestly did not like my boyfriend's dish that much...and everyone agreed that the food was just "alright".
5	After visiting a few times, the verdict is..this restaurant is definitely mon ami!The first time I went was for brunch. I made a reservation in advance so I was able to request a table on the patio. It was wonderful to dine outside with the sun shining, a front row seat to the Bellagio fountain show, and a great view for people watching. Now for the food..they served baguettes as the free bread! They were all warm and toasty in cute paper bags, like something you'd get from a bakery. I ordered the croque monsieur, which was pretty good. What I really enjoyed was the french fries that came on the side. They had an interesting flat shape which made them super crispy on the outside but still soft and chewy on the inside.The next time I went was for dinner. I had the steak frites which was perfectly cooked and it was a very generous portion for the price of $25.95. The best part was, they let me have multiple sauces on the side at no extra cost. I tried the peppercorn sauce and the caramelized onion, red wine sauce; both were delicious. The baguettes were still free, unlimited, and just as good as I remembered.The third time I went was for happy hour. I had 2 glasses of sangria, pate, and yes I had me some free baguettes. Then, I ended my very happy two hours with a warm chocolate pudding with salted caramel cream. It was absolutely decadent.Au Revoir mon ami, until next time!
4	This is my go-to nice dinner out on the Strip when I'm in Vegas. I always get the filet mignon with merlot butter. It is so fantastic and incredibly tender... I make sure to inhale every last drop. You cannot go wrong ordering this dish. Highly recommend. I'm not a big fan of their fries (which come standard), they are basically like flattened normal fries. I'll try something different next time.  We've also gotten the pate each time as an appetizer and that was also excellent. This time we also tried the goat cheese and although it was good, I probably would try something different instead.One of my dining companions and I wanted to order a bottle of red wine, and when we picked a Malbec off the menu, the waitress suggested a malbec not on the menu for a bit cheaper, which is I appreciated.Total for my portion of the meal (split apps, steak, and split wine) plus tip was $89. The price makes me super happy, especially if you've ever tried checking out the menu at oh, say, CUT or any other steakhouse on the strip. I made a reservation via Open Table which is only for inside seating. Since the weather was so nice we wanted to sit outside that night and maybe we were lucky, but they were able to take us immediately- at the reservation time- anyway. Service here has never been perfect. Maybe we waited a little too long for our check or to get orders taken, but food delivery and water filling was always fine.  Overall I know I can't go wrong with Mon Ami Gabi and always suggest it to friends going to Vegas.
5	Great atmosphere and food.  We had breakfast on the porch in between shopping.  We nursed ourselves back to fighting condition with benedict special which was pork bellies, mimosas and coffee.  Service was exceptional, the waiter was actually french, or a really good actor practicing his accents.
3	There is a waiting line if u want to dine on the patio, you can wait at the bar and spend $11 for a Mimosa or spend your money gambling in the casino. Or just wait till the buzzer calls you, but then, why did you come to Vegas for? Great place to people watch and have an overpriced sliced tomato with some stinky cheese called salad. The quiche is good too, if you like quiches. You get a baguette and some butter to start with, but don't spend too much, just enjoy the good weather and the funny dressed tourists taking pictures of the Eiffel tower.
5	Everything was to die for (and we were sober when we ate). Goat cheese app is a must try! Fresh baguettes straight from Paris. Shrimp cocktail huge. Filet sooo tender and cooked perfectly. Sangria was amazing and only 20 a carafe or 5 a glass!  Definitely make a reservation online or you'll wait a couple hours!
3	After a long two nights in Vegas, the gals and I decided we were in the mood for a GOOD breakfast. Fellow Yelpers steered us right into the arms of Mon Ami Gabi. After a very short wait, we were seated in the sun room at a quaint little table across from the Bloody Mary Bar. (This was a BIG hit with my girlfriend!) Our server was friendly and attentive, and we loved the open-air, non-smoky environment. We all seriously felt like we could be back in Paris, sitting at an outdoor cafe. It was kinda perfect!We all loved our meals- I ordered the chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe. It was a delightful meal, and I wouldn't hesitate to go back on my next trip!
3	**Summary**       - Patio - The number one reason I'd come back is for the outside seating. You sit literally on the strip across from the Bellagio water show that plays every half hour. It's the the best outdoor style cafe experience in Vegas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=NTpchPgwPnFIER56x1dz1Q#NTpchPgwPnFIER56x1dz1Q).       - Weather - I'd never come to Mon Ami Gabi to sit inside; so, I'd recommend checking the weather and reserve the day of. You wouldn't want a wind, rain, heat, or cold to ruin your dining experience. Unfortunately since this is Vegas, there aren't many temperate days.       - Steak - The steaks were thin and not from a good cut. I cut into a couple tendons throughout my dinner. They cooked them well, but it still didn't makeup for the poor piece of meat.       - Price to Quality - I'd say the price to quality of the steaks is pretty low. They cook them flavor-fully and well, but bad steak is still bad steak.       - Frites - All the steaks are served with these chip-like french fries. It was a nice change, but I think I'd still prefer mash if I could have it.**Ordered**       - $10.95 Escargots (in garlic-herb butter) - 6 delicious snails that were of decent size (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=ex6ZPq9Ver6siPR-2Sq0HQ#ex6ZPq9Ver6siPR-2Sq0HQ).       - $25.95 Steak Bordelaise (Caramelized onion, red wine sauce) - I liked this better than the other sauce. It definitely brought out the sweetness of the onions (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=bp-adB6a359T2vZJyZukFA#bp-adB6a359T2vZJyZukFA).       - $25.95 Steak Au Poivre (Brandy peppercorn sauce) - I like peppercorn, but I think pepper in this was a little overpowering (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=3xiPElJcOtMrOUnJyi2RHg#3xiPElJcOtMrOUnJyi2RHg).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice date place and the weather is nice outside. Sitting outside, across from the Bellagio fountains definitely a unique experience. If you're not planning to sit inside, I'd say there are many other better places for this price.
4	We didn't have reservations, dined inside for lunch.  Service was attentive, the chips were delicious, and my salmon and egg salad sandwich hit the spot.  The decor is pretty and sophisticated without being overbearing.  My friend and I were catching up and they didn't try to push us out after we finished our meals.  I'd go back!
5	Bar staff in patio is amazing. Marlin and Adrian were very friendly and just made our day. Adrian suggested the scalops which were a great recomdation..the duck that marinated for 24hrs are to die for !! make it a point to stop by locals !!
4	Great service and good food.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Exceptional food, breakfast, lunch and dinner all have a lot to offer. Service is very good too.
4	Brought my gf here to surprise her.  Our first time.  Love the view, but not a fan of their service (well one of the waiters that barely served us).  Host was lovely and the table was in well view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our first waiter, introduced us to their wine list and brought us some water.  Then the second waiter (probably lost) heckled us on what to drink even though I tried explaining that we have been helped already.  We ordered the Seafood Plater.  Very well done, but took longer than expected.  Our 3rd server had to come and let us know that they are behind (even though we came in at 11pm).  Lobster was well presented, shrimps were huge, and oysters were very fresh.  I hope it was just an off day on service, but still giving them 4 stars for the view and food.
5	Came here with my friends for our last meal at Vegas this past weekend.There are indoor and outdoor seating.  The one outside is more casual than the inside, which is dim and hence... more formal/romantic/classy.  Since the weather is always pretty nice and warm in Vegas, definitely try the outdoor patio!  You can people-watch as you eat. The bread was so good.  They served whole WARM baguettes, which I have not had in too many restaurants.  The outside was not too stiff and the inside is just warm and soft :D We ordered the first 3 steaks on the menu.. lol.  Excuse my English translation of the classy French names.. but we basically ordered the first 3 steaks, the classic with butter, the one with the wine sauce and one with the onions.  I had the last of the three.  Because of my usual experience with over-cooked steak at restaurants, this time, I ordered medium rare and Yay! it came out to be medium.  Not sure if that's a yay but use your own judgment.  The frites are really good and came in a huge portion along with the steak. Service was excellent!Definitely coming back :)
4	Gabi is my friend now! :)  I came here right after christmas with my boyfriend and we made reservations for a patio seat. When we arrived we had a patio seat right next to the sidewalk with a perfect view of the bellagio fountains.  First things first. Our server was totally French and we were so excited to have a waiter with a French accent! Lol  (at least I hope he was really French and not acting) Plus his name was either Jean or Pierre.....   Anyway they brought us a warm baguette (delicious). I absolutely love bread. *drools*   And my boyfriend and I both ordered the Le Steak Frites! I think I ordered the hangar steak ? The food was good but nothing amazing. the steak was very long but thin, and I prefer my frites a little thicker so I dont feel like I'm eating the crispy potato ends that no one wants.  The food was good though and I was glad it was very affordable since this is on the strip. In the end, It was a nice experience and I think I'd go back based on the price!
5	Seafood Crepe was awesome.  Came here for lunch around 3:30 pm.  Great to sit out on the patio and do some people watching.  Food is really good.  Staff is super friendly and helpful.  Favorite restaurant in Vegas!
4	loved this French bistro in paris.great service, good quality food, not too pricey (especially for Vegas)my boyfriend and i didn't enjoy our steak selections that much, but maybe it was an off night for them.french onion soup is AMAZING. will  be returning.
4	Mon Ami Gabi, located in the Paris Las Vegas My husband and I decided to come here on our most recent trip to Las Vegas before catching Jersey Boys (now at the Paris.)  Reservations, while not required, definitely expedited our wait.  Yes, there was still a little bit of a wait, even with reservations.  Probably about 15 minutes on a Saturday night, so not too bad at all.  The bottled beer selection is pretty extensive as is the cocktail list.  My husband was happy with his steak bearnaise and we both loved the fries.  I had the caesar salad, which was tasty.  The dressing was light and mild and my only complaint was that the salad was very small.  It should be listed as an appetizer salad, but I was under the impression that it was entree sized.  The service was a little bit slow, but our waitress was adorable, friendly, and helpful when she was serving us.  Make sure you follow the dress code, I saw some people being turned away for dressing too casually.  Overall, good food, great location, and I would dine there again.
5	Took  the girl there for dinner, nice outdoor seating. No Reservations for the outside patio so there is a wait to get outside if its busy. The Hanger Steak is the best!
5	Very few restaurants deserve 5 stars but this one deserves every star out of five.I went here for my 30th birthday dinner and had a fantastic time. I was able to sit outside and watch the Bellagio water show so the ambiance was just amazing.First course..I ordered the goat cheese in a marinara sauce. You dip fresh baguette in the goat cheese. It was so delicious. We were wiping the sauce in the bowl clean.  Second course... Filet minot in a burgandy sauce.  Oh so delicious. It was the best filet I have ever had. Each bite was so amazing.  It came with frites, which you must try.Dessert... I had their bananas foster crepes and ate a good portion myself. I love crepes and I love bananas foster but I've never had the two combined. The caramel sauce was out of this world.  Top it off with a generous scoop of french vanilla bean ice cream.Overall, a good experience and wonderful food. I wish the service would have been a bit quicker, but when you are in Vegas and it's your birthday, time isn't of the essence. I will definitely be back for my next special event!
4	One of the better places to eat right now on the Strip.  Nice ambiance especially if you are sitting outside at night during the spring/fall, solid service, and good food with a fairly varied menu that tends to be a bit heavy on the meat dishes.  Not the most friendly place to bring a vegetarian let alone a vegan.  Its not authentic, high-end French cuisine but then again it is Vegas.  Sitting outside though can be a bit noisy with all of the traffic on the Strip.  You can hear your dinner companions but you have to speak up a bit.  The wait can be a bit outrageous though but that's common with any half-decent restaurant on the Strip.All-in-all, there are a lot of terrible, overpriced restaurants on the Strip.  This isn't one of them.  This place is a bit more expensive but at least the food, service, and outdoor seating are all positives.
3	I have been here 3 times now and normally I think it's good but nothing ridiculously amazing.  The atmosphere can't be beat with watching the Bellagio fountains while eating or all the wedding parties grabbing a bite.The bread is great and my boyfriend loved his steak.  We got escargot to start and it was just ok.  I don't think I tasted any garlic with it.  I had the Burger with Brie cheese and it was nothing special, at all.  It was bland, the bun was soggy and the brie was nothing special.The wine was delicious :)  So, great atmosphere and great times but my food was just ok.
4	Fabulous and one of the highlights of our trip. We didn't have a reservation, but the wait wasn't too long (35 mins or so at 6:30PM) to be on the patio (which is the best place to be given the weather and people watching aspect). We had the French Onion Soup and warm brie to start - they were to die for!! For the main entree, we got the skate wing which was delicious. The only downfall was the steak bernaise - it was too finely "pounded" and thus no way for it to be cooked medium rare. It had no taste since it couldn't be cooked properly and our server agreed and had it taken off the bill. I would recommend the filet or any other cut of meat other than the hanger steaks that they offer. Service was excellent and I will absolutely be back.
4	Got a reservation for 815 pm on a Monday night for inside sitting since thats all you can reserve for. Patio is first come serve. I'm my opinion the hostesses  were a bit rude with people. The waiter was not so friendly neither, and forgot our hors d'oeuvre/ hor devours. Their bread and red onion mix is good. We tried the Filet Mignon Merlot (to die for) also the steak Classic and Bordelaise. Along with a ceasers salad. A meal for four came out for $140, reasonable I think for Vegas and Paris hotel. We would like to go back for brunch.
4	Good price, good food. Not GREAT, but definitely good.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is the Strip's best value and best outdoor seat.  Thats why they're packed 7 days per week.  Order the Goat Cheese appetizer, French Onion soup, some wine, and a steak with those amazing pommes frittes and you will be happy.  We order 2 absolute tonics.  2 salads.  2 steaks with pommes frittes.  one asaragus side.  Tax=$100.  On the strip, thats a steal
4	Lovely place.Dim, romantic setting, heavy linens and silverware, polite and prompt service. I gave it "spendy" with three $$$ because everything I REALLY wanted to eat there was in that category - you could get away with less, but once you've sat down with their warm baguette and a glass of wine, you won't want to. The escargots were terrific but one was very sandy/gritty, I was concerned about my teeth. Excellent hangar steak and of course the steak frites were amazing. With so much variety in Vegas, it's tempting to move on to another restaurant and another and another, but this one is definitely a keeper, will go again next time we're in town, regardless of the other temptations. Not sure if you consider this dressy or casual, both would apply here - you do need a shirt with sleeves, no wifebeaters. But golf shirts and shorts are fine. 4 stars for service, ambiance and the dinner I had, wish I could tell you folks about more of the food there but will review it again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	We had a wonderful experience here for my husband's 40th birthday celebration.  We had a group of 20 people and I worked with Rebecca and Drew with group reservations to arrange the special night.  They were easy to work with and very responsive. The service was friendly, efficient and quite impressive as they were serving 20 of us.  It was a bit of a show when 4-5 waiters came out together to serve us, all synchronized. The portion size was substantial.  We had the 4-course and we were practically rolling out of the place. This was the first time any of us had eaten at Mon Ami Gabi and we ALL would come back again!
5	Had breakfast here and it was very special. Great location and neat atmosphere. The food was delicious and the bloody Mary bar was a treat. Will definitely return!
5	Went for breakfast.  Very tasty.  I hope to go again before we head home.
5	great place for a romantic dinner if in Vegas - food was perfect, ambiance, etc...5 stars!!!
4	I was surprised. In all of my time visiting Vegas, I did not ever think this place could impress me. I was wrong.First let me begin by saying that I try to eat a mostly vegan diet, so the foods I ate here were not the steak or cheese dishes. The waitress was amazing! I didn't even say I was looking for vegan options but when I asked how the gazpacho was prepared and whether or not it has dairy in it, she picked up the cue and then began making suggestions on the menu, assuring me that everything was vegan.I had the grilled vegetable plate. Everything was perfectly seasoned and grilled. However nothing will compare to that gazpacho! I even requested the recipe which they emailed to me!So why only four stars? Despite having a reservation, we were told that they did not do reservations for outside once we had already arrived, so we had to wait over an hour and a half for a spot. It was totally worth the wait, but we would have clearly shown up earlier if we didn't know our reservation wouldn't be outside. Miscommunication = cranky (but the gazpacho renewed my positive spirit.... did I mention the gazpacho yet?).
4	This one of my must have stops on the strip.  Food is delicious. If you can get a table on the patio and watch the Billagio fountains.  Great experience.  Would have gave them 5 stars because the wait staff is also great.  However my visit a week ago was not so nice due to the hostesses.   2 1/2 hr. wait!  Sure they were nice enough about it.  In a smug sadistic way.  My advise is to not listen to them when they tell you it's the same amount of wait time on patio as it is inside.  We were famished enough to put our names inside and were seated in minutes.
4	So nice to eat here during the summer to have a nice dinner sitting outside in the warm weather.  Although make sure to eat dinner on the later side so you don't burn up in the sun!  Be prepared to wait a while for an outside table so just because you make a reservation does not mean they will give you an outside table.  You will still have to wait for that.  The food is pretty good but I think the ambiance is what makes this a nice spot for an outdoor dinner.
4	Went here and unexpectedly found a reasonable re-creation of our dining experience in Paris, France (where we honeymooned). Service and decor were a nice break from the hustle of the Strip; relatively quiet, dim mood-lighting, bistro style seating.We made reservations for 930pm on a Monday night and were seated immediately indoors. Note, it was a 1.5 hour wait for outdoor seating even with reservation.Once we were seated, we were offered water (so nice in 90 deg weather) and fresh sweet baguette complete with paper bag and slightly melted unsalted butter. Plus, compliments of the chef, we were given a nice plate of halved cherry tomatoes with herbs, olive oil and anchovies. Refreshing and so nice to set our appetites.Hubby ordered one of the various Steak frites - "hanger steak", the cheapest cut at $20. Done very well at medium rare with a rosy pink interior. Thin ribbons of fries more reminiscent of potato chips and a few leaves of spinach for garnish. Also started with chilled gazpacho; surprising for a French bistro, but we were thrilled. We'd missed Alvalle gazpacho since being in Barcelona and hadn't found anything in the States that even came close (velvety, a bit of an olive oil with smooth tomato puree) until this.Being vegetarian, I was pleased to see a Market Vegetable platter ($17.99) with eggplant dip and buttered crostini; buttered sauteed baby squash; cherry tomatoes in olive oil; ratatouille; sauteed garlic spinach; grilled bulb onions. All were very well done.Portions and service were quite nice. For a two dollar sign restaurant on the strip, it was a good deal. Would definitely dine here again hopefully for breakfast next time!
5	BONJOUR!!!!! I am not a big fan of Frenchy. In fact, I wanted to name my first born French Frie just to piss Frenchy off! That being said, I never really got down with French food, French's mustard, French Onion Soup.... Wait, strike that. I love me some french onion soup. I guess what picture I am attempting to paint is that I can't stand French anything. I wanted to find a really romantic setting for brunch with my lovely lady while we were in Vegas and wouldn't you know it. I was Yelping my ass off for like 3 days, no luck. Then, I saw Mon Ami Gabi pop up on the homepage and some girl gave it 4 stars, so I said that's the place, no matter what. I didn't know it was Frenchy til I saw it was at hotel Paris and by that time, it was really too late. I already dove in the pool so it was time to swim.The place was bonkers packed when we got there, but I made a reservation through Yelp and we bypassed the blue haired ladies stankin' up the joint with their strong ass Avon perfume and were seated inside, but in the solarium. Perfect people watching seats, right in front and not baking in the sun. Coffee = Strong = Bon (that's French for good) French Toast was bomb! Fresh bread, crunchy goodness on the outside and soft, warm gooey center. Blueberry compote/syrup wasn't too sweet and adds a nice tartness that I only wish I could replicate at home. Side of bacon was crispy, greasy (in a great way) and so delicious! It clearly wasn't cooked in a pan b/c it didn't have that funky curl to it. It was nice and flat. I was hoping for a side of the bacon grease to lather myself up with as we sat poolside, but that's a bit excessive. Elizabeth ordered the traditional breakfast and the eggs were cooked perfectly. Nice and runny, just the way she likes it. Hash browns were crispy, French muffin (English muffin but follow along please) served with freshly whipped butter, which was delicious, creamy and delightful. The service was fantastic and I didn't know what to expect b/c the place is jumpin with tourists, everyone wants first class service and I don't know about anyone else, but we got it. For example, as we were being seated the hostess chatted us up with some basic chit chat and pulled the chair out for both of us, nice touch. I love that I can trust Yelp to pave the way for a lovely event. Thanks for the love Yelpers!
5	Soo good, and affordable.. Definitely my favorite restaurant in the city...I get shrimp cocktails and frites, and they each are very affordable for the portions you get.
2	Mon Ami is one of my favorites and I usually go every time we visit Las Vegas BUT not sure if it was the Mother's Day holiday, the food was greasy spoon diner quality and the waitress had an attitude.  She did lighten up after the food was served and prepared incorrectly but still.  It was the letdown of our trip.  We will probably go back BUT only one more chance.  Hoping if we don't go during a holiday the service and food will return to the great quality it has been on other trips.
3	We chose to eat here while in Vegas because of reviews that the outdoor dining had great people watching.True, they do! But even though we had made a reservation weeks in advance, we learned upon arrival that outdoor seating was first come, first serve --- bummer! That's why we came here! We were told the wait list for the patio was 1.5 hours. Reluctantly, we dined inside.The food was good (not great), nice ambiance, excellent service.
5	After a few nights of 4 AM, post-drinking room service meals, my boyfriend and I decided we wanted to go somewhere good for dinner. We chose Mon Ami Gabi and we were sooooo glad we did! We had reservations on a Tuesday night at 10. We were seated right away in the front room and had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. Our waitress was great and gave us some great suggestions.  For appetizers, we had pate, escargot and scallops. All three were amazing. Escargot has always been a little scary to me, but I sucked it up and tried one and it was SO delicious. The scallops were perfectly cooked and beautifully presented. I'm not a huge fan of pate but I had a little and I had to admit it was pretty tasty. For entrees we both had filets-- merlot for me, Roquefort for him. Mine was awesome. Perfectly cooked and drenched in butter and a red wine reduction--how can you go wrong with that??? The filet Roquefort was also good but I'd definitely pick the filet merlot again. The frites were more like potato chips than I was expecting but I enjoyed them nonetheless. After all that food, we were pretty stuffed but the butterscotch pot de creme was screaming our names, so we gave in and ordered it. I think that might be my new favorite dessert. It was rich but not too heavy, like butterscotch pudding only a gajillion times better. The prices are very reasonable, especially for what you get. It was very busy the night we were there (and I'm assuming it's like that pretty much every night) but our food still came out very quickly. Other than feeling like elephants when we were done, it was one of the best meals either of us has had in a long time and definitely the best one we had in Vegas!
5	Have to go back again ! Food is really good and big !!!!!!! The price is reasonable ! They have good red wine list !
5	My last review I wrote some snarky shit about the hostesses and I feel like a jerk for that. This time we came in and they were all so friendly and welcoming. She carried conversation with us about where we were from and all that sort of chat on our way to a (Woohoo!) patio table by the sidewalk. Let me say that I love this place. I live in Vegas and I feel like I'm on vacation every time I go there. As most every other place on the strip it's too much of a hassle, or sleazy, or just loud but this place is worth it (and I can finally zip to Paris pretty quickly, as long as a mob of people crossing the valet sidewalk doesn't stop me for ten minutes.) Not here. It's classy and fun and the food is delicious! We went for breakfast and I had the fruit boquet with mint syrup (who knew?! It was amazing!) and a blackberry muffin - also ridiculous. It melted in my mouth. My friend also had a fruit plate and a baguette. Everything was fresh and the portions are just the right size. The cappuccino was over the top gigantic and one of the best I've ever had. The large comes served in a bowl. We got to sit and people watch and have a nice breakfast. If you go, ask for Debbie. She was fast and nice I didn't even have to ask for anything because it would already be there. I work in the industry and not only was it not the typical "service" the strip is so well known for not providing, she made us feel welcome and like we mattered.
5	Incredibly friendly and professional wait staff. (Had a younger woman waittress around lunch time, wish I remembered her name!) She was so nice and helpful!It was hard to even make a choice as far as menu options because everything sounded equally amazing.Just wanted to give them the positive review they deserved. I had the french onion soup, open faced tuna sandwich, and an awesome chocolate mousse dessert. I will post pictures of all!Thanks for a great lunch :)
5	Vegas tradition for boyfriend and I to eat here every Vegas trip! :)They have never disappointed me with food. EVER. HOWEVER the last time I went with my boyfriend, I got a horrible waiter who was obnoxiously rude and just didn't seem like he really enjoyed his job. Although I love the food and I'm never scared to throw down the bills here because I'm always satisfied, the servers need to keep in mind that a lot of people going are expecting top service. C'mon your a restaurant right in front of the bellagio show, on the strip with patio seating. Show customers a little decency here.... be nice or at least come when we obviously want to order or need something... ANYWAYS enough about him...escargot- yumsalmon- yumsteak- yumALL the desserts - DELICIOUScroque monsieur- yumau poivre- yumI can go on forever... if your in vegas, stop by and give this place a try! u won't regret it!
5	Quite a surprise!  My wife and I loved this place!  The service was excellent, the food was fantastic, and the restaurant is beautiful.  This is a winner and it is on the strip!  Yes it has tourists, yes it is in a casino but it is not like any other casino based restaurant I have ever been to.  I would highly recommend this place.
5	We had a fabulous dinner here. We made reservations and very glad we did because the wait was for 1.5 hours on Saturday evening around 6:30am. We started with the smoke salmon with creme fraiche and it was very tasty and fresh. We then ordered the French Onion Soup that was a nice size for two people to share. I also ordered the chilled gazpacho which was prepared perfectly and was also a large portion. My husband ordered the steak and I ordered the grilled chicken. Come hungry here because the portions are definitely Americanized and not the typical french size portions as I was expecting. My chicken was cooked nicely and not dry at all.We saw another guest eating the baked goat cheese in a marinara sauce which looked like a good dish to try as well.our table was right next to the patio and we got to view the Belaggio's show throughout the dinner.We will definitely be going back. I really felt like I was in a large french restaurant and the ambiance was set just perfect to enjoy a great meal, with pricing just right for the setting.
5	We had an amazing dinner here!  We had reservations, but decided last minute to wait for a patio table.  It took about an hour to be seated, but the view was totally worth it!  I love the Bellagio fountain and felt like I got a front row seat for the show.The food was delicious & our waitress was great - no complaints.  If you plan on eating here, show up early and wait for a patio table.  The casino is steps away to keep you entertained while you wait!
3	I kinda feel bad for giving this place a 3-star rating, but here goes.I've wanted to try this place forever, and although I knew I should have come here for breakfast, it just wasn't happening with the party I was with.We came here for dinner on a Friday night, 7 PM.  We had reservations through Open Table, but really, it looked like you didn't need one.We were seated in semi-outdoor area that was clear but protected from passerby, smoke, etc.  The view of the water show at the Bellagio was great.Baguettes with a little bruschetta and butter came out.  The food was taking a bit long to come out, so thank goodness that was there.  Our waiter wasn't exactly the most friendly person but at least went through the motions.  The south point for me was when one of the people in my party, a diabetic, asked that his frites be substituted with some green salad or something with his filet mignon.  The waiter told him he couldn't "We don't do that", and said he'd have to order a side of spinach or something on the side and kept saying that they'd charge for it.  Nowhere on the menu did I see "no substitutions," and if there is even a gluten-free menu, I'd expect they'd be a little more considerate in swapping fries for a few measley leaves.Speaking of measley leaves... another person in my party ordered a caesar salad -- now, these salads aren't cheap -- about $17-$19, and it was honestly one of the smallest I had ever seen -- no crutons, either.  I got the seared ahi tuna salad, which was comparably small with only three pretty small pieces of kind of grey ahi tuna.  I've had this dish at other, less fancy places and got bigger and better tuna.  I didn't really eat a lot of the salad because it otherwise was just average in taste.To their credit, the chicken dishes, sea scallops, pate mousse, and filet mignon seemed to be enjoyed by the rest of my party.  Of course, everything was smothered in butter, seemingly.  Also, the frites that came with many of the dishes were like shavings of fries and not really good, in my opinion.I'd come here again for the breakfast, but the dinner was pretty disappointing to me.  I guess we paid for the view.
5	Absolutely love this place.  Flew in on a Friday afternoon and went in for a late lunch/early dinner right after check-in.  Had great seating on the patio with amazing people watching.  Had the Trout Almondine which was delicious.  We also shared an escargot appetizer that was amazing with their great loaf(s) of bread.  Wonderful list of French wines to go with it all.  We plan to eat here every time we visit Vegas!
4	This is a review of Mon Ami Gabi for lunch.  We wanted a lite lunch and it was perfect. I had the tuna melt tartine and it came with French fries that were sliced potato chip thin.  My dining partner had the chicken and Brie sandwich and that was just as good.  The wait staff was great and my water glass was never empty.The complimentary baguette hit the spot until our lunch was served,
5	Packed for a reason, we got lucky and ended up having a great breakfast here! Great spot for people watching, if you can get a table outside. Omelets are great. You don't have to always stuff yourself with a buffet in Vegas. Try this place out, I swear you'll keep coming back over and over again. We did. 2x in 4 days.
3	I've been here twice before and recently went here for a group dinner for a friend's birthday during my weekend in Vegas. I ordered the grilled salmon and spinach salad. The vinaigrette was a bit too acidic, the inside of my mouth started to hurt - I should've asked for dressing on the side. But the flavor combination was delicious and the salmon was cooked perfectly.For dessert, I shared the bananas foster crepe. I can't remember if this was amazing or just good... I'm gonna say it was good, but not memorable, since I can't remember (obvs). Service is great and the prices are reasonable. It's a really good place for fancy steaks and frites in a casual atmosphere; and for around $25, not bad! (Doesn't compare to $3 steak and eggs specials elsewhere, though, but that is a different review entirely.)
4	I was in Vegas for the last week of April on vacation and we decided to eat at Mon Ami Gabi for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. We had reservations for 9pm but then realized we'd be best off walking to the restaurant (from the Mirage) which would take a bit of time so I bumped it back to 9:30. Wouldn't you know we arrived a few minutes after 9pm afterall! The restaurant was PACKED with a line for people without reservations and a line for people with reservations. Luckily we had reservations and although early, we were seated right away. We were hoping for a seat on the outside patio area but that would have added a 45 minute wait so we ended up in a covered area between the inside and outside. The doors to the patio were open so we had a clear view into the night and a pretty awesome view of the Bellagio fountains across the street!Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal. The bread they brought with butter was delicious. Hard to stop eating but I had to because I'd ordered a soup appetizer. I went with the creamy mushroom soup. If you like mushrooms you'll definitely enjoy this soup! And how could I resist dipping some bread into it? I couldn't. But I will say that the soup was so delicious, I preferred the soup solo without the added heaviness of the bread. I ordered the hangar steak with frites, med rare. My friend (she ordered a different cut) also ordered steak and frites but her steak was unevenly cooked. She still enjoyed and at it all! But did want to share that. My steak on the other hand was perfectly cooked. She wasn't crazy about the frites (too crunchy) but I loved them! I couldn't stop munching away on them even after feeling FULL! Our waiter was extremely attentive without being obnoxious, the third person in our group sneakily told the waiter it was my friend's birthday and they brought her out a dessert. I'm not sure what it was exactly but we all ate from it and really enjoyed it! It was delicious! Ok looked up the menu. It must have been profiteroles. Yummy!Good food, great service, excellent experience, and enough variety on the menu that if you're on a budget you can eat well without breaking the bank. If I ever return to Las Vegas, I will absolutely look to return to Mon Ami Gabi.
5	Their food here is to DIE FOR!!! Warning...make reservations!!! My bestie, boyfriend, and I spontaneously decided to come here since we wanted to have a nice fine dining. The wait can be almost an hour (we waited for 45 min). BUT!!! If you know how to utilize your time while waiting, it will most certainly be worth it. Since the casino machines are within distance from Mon Ami Gabi, might as well gamble, right? :) Once seated, we were promptly served with bread and some cherry tomato and something else toppings. It was really good. Afterwards, we all decided to have steak dinner...hey why not? It's Vegas! :D Under the steak frites category, I ordered the "Hanger Steak", well done. As my order came, I was also served with some hand cut fries. OMG!!! IT WAS DELISH!!! I was surely satisfied with their food. Once finished with our dinner, I walked out of the restaurant as a happy person. :) Overall, if you ever have the chance, try eating outside in the patio area where you have a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. It is actually better at night. :D
4	Even though we made reservations through Opentable and asked for outside seating, they said that it would be a 90 min. wait for patio seating. The place was packed so it was understandable, we chose to sat inside.  I was pleasantly surprised with the menu prices though, I'd heard so many good things about the food and that it's fine dining, so assumed it would be much more expensive. I ordered the Hanger Steak with merlot butter for $19.95 (!) and it was really really good.  Reminded me of the dish at this restaurant Cowgirls in NYC near the meatpacking district I used to frequent (they appear to be closed now).  My friends got the arctic char special and the filet mignon, which were both really good. We also ordered the chicken liver mousse and the baked brie appetizers, both were delicious and worth coming for.  They also bring fresh baked bread for every table and you can ask for more.  This was helpful for the appetizers when we ran out of crostinis.   Service was really good and our waitress checked on us frequently.  We were too full for dessert but it looked awesome.
5	Hands down this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  (And that's saying something)  Managed to even convert my picky boyfriend who doesn't like French food into loving it as well.1. Love the on line reservation system....emails you a confirmation as well.  Will say if you'd like patio seating call or pop in earlier in the day.2. Outdoor patio seating has some of the best views in Vegas.  Love watching the people and the fountains.3. The food is great.  Have tried multiple items and always with great success.  The mussels, salads, soups and the steaks.  Also the fries here are some of the best I've ever had.4. Great service despite how busy the restaurant is.5.  The price point for at this restaurant is very very affordable....especially for Vegas. Might as well go all out and get the good bottle of wine!Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas.....just so I can have another meal here.
4	First time here for a bachelorette party! We made reservations beforehand and got seated right away. We were a party of 16.Ambiance: Dress up!Food: Good. We tried a variety of steaks and sides and everything was delish!Service: They probably could've been a bit more attentive, but it was also a busy night as well. Price: Typical prices for steak.
5	It was the last place we went to eat at on our last day in las vegas and i sooooo wish we had gone there since the first day we arrived. The service is fantastic. Our server was very courteous and attentive. The food was delicious. It was the first time i had a crepe. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that wants to get away from the buffets for a day and have a nice, relaxing, and high quality meal.
4	Absolutely delicious EVERYTHING.  We came here for Saturday morning breakfast... and had no problem being seated with our reservation for 9:30 a.m.  Our service was wonderful, though we wondered if our main waitress really had a french accent or not?  She didn't sound like any french person I know or have known and certainly didn't look french, but c'est la vie, she was perfectly attentive and made suggestions we all could appreciate.I had the corned beef hash with poached eggs and english muffin.  The corned beef is housemade and chopped/shredded... SOOO flavorful and meaty.  There was very little 'hash' but that's fine with me.  I'm more of a protein lover anyway.  The english muffin was homemade and was awesome.  Two of us ordered their thin pancakes/thick crepes- both were extremely happy with their choices.The fourth of us ordered the Nutella waffles and her comment to me just now was, "...and they were VERY yummy."  'nuff said.  The only complaint one of us had was with their hot chocolate.  I have some picky kids when it comes to that drink and when there is too much foam from the steamed milk or they use too much sugar or a powder mix or a syrup that tastes too much like Hershey's, the satisfaction is less than stellar.  The hot chocolate had too much foam and was too sweet (and, personally, $4.50 for the 5 oz?  Yeah, not exactly cost effective for me.)  All in all, we were VERY happy, VERY satisfied and highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi!  (Even though I hate the hotel they reside in...)
5	Another Vegas trip, another visit to Mon Ami Gabi.  It's probably not surprising if you've read my past reviews that a visit to MAG is always on my must-list.  And once again like my last trip, I visited them twice.  Once for a late mid-week lunch, and then for Saturday brunch.This was actually my first time eating at MAG for lunch.  It's actually a different atmosphere compared to Breakfast and Dinner.  In fact, I think it was the most mellowest.  Then again it was a late lunch at around 2pm.  So a good tip would be if you want try MAG for lunch and not have to wait a long time for a table on the patio, go for a late lunch.  I ordered the Seafood Crepe which I've actually have had my sights on for a long time because the pics on yelp looked amazing!Seafood Crepe with Scallops, Shrimp, Peas & Cream(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=r7_bvU2OpBURSOyT8rle9A)This was so delicious!  Huge pieces of Shrimp and Scallops to go with the Crepe.  I'm a big eater, but this surprisingly filled me up.  And that's such a good thing!Once again, my last meal in before leaving Vegas was breakfast at MAG.  And being it National Burger Month and I've yet to try it, I ordered their Cheeseburger with Gruyere, Bacon, and Fried Egg.  It's the breakfast of champions!Cheeseburger with Fried Egg, Bacon, and Frites(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=h4ePDPYrL1bml0z4aMcdqw)Here's a closeup of the Burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=h4ePDPYrL1bml0z4aMcdqw#0i7Mnft4JKYgaZW10jsjVg)The Burger was cooked a perfect medium rare and of course paired with their flat handcut Frites made for a very satisfying breakfast!I love how consistent their food and service has always been for me.  And the surprising part is how I've never had ordered the same thing twice here, yet everything I've had has been spot on!
4	Strangely enough, I have been here twice (once each) of my last two trips to Las Vegas.  The first time I went with three members of Team Vegas and we all got steaks.  The steaks were perfectly cooked and very flavorful.  The sauces were equally satisfying and priced very well for being on the Strip.Brunch was very good, as well.  Had tasty mussels and took a trip or two to the Bloody Mary bar.  There is a large patio and an atrium that is full of light on a sunny day.  For a mid-priced meal that has exceptional quality, Mon Ami Gabi is a great choice.
3	Ehh. Ok. Cool views from outside
2	Ok so I'm pretty sure I got food poisoning here. I used to like it. People watching is great.  But I got grilled chicken and a salad and subsequently lost like 5 lbs over the next 5 days.
4	What a lovely brunch! The view from the restaurant is beautiful and overlooks las vegas blvd. I ordered the salmon benedict and it was delicious. it was light and not over dressed with hollandaise. Everything I expected the dish to be with a great side of hash. Our table also shared an order of the best dish according to the waiter: the french toast. And it was! We had it with blueberries and it was delicious. It was light and fluffy, but too much would make you go into to sugar overload. But def try their french toast. Its the best french toast I've ever had!Will go again when I return. mmm cant stop thinking about the french toast! This is definitely better than the buffet brunch at the Wynn.
3	The outdoor seating is really cute.  I ordered the BLT Benedict which was on special for breakfast.  It was okay.  The hollandaise sauce was so buttery, I guess its good there was a lot of saltiness.  The bacon was also good and crispy, I just wish I had more than one strip on each piece of muffin.  Also, my food was below room temperature.  Bfs food was served to him hot. The service was also okay, not really good like I expected or hoped for.  Oh well, maybe better luck next time!
5	The best Hamburger I have ever had, right here! I go and do take out and bring it to my hotel pool it is so good.Blue cheese, carmelized oninions, the Best!I had dinner there as well and found it really good too, I just crave that hamburger whenever I go to Las Vegas and have to have it. My friend and his wife turned me on to this place and I have been indebted to them since. Go there for lunch and have one you wont be disappointed.
4	I've planned quite a few brunches here for out of town guests. It's always a crowd pleaser - especially if you can get a table on the patio.Best to make a reservation after noon so you can see the Bellagio fountain show!
4	This place is a lovely choice for a lunch al fresco style.  We sat outside, with only a 10 min wait for an outdoor seat, with a view of the bellagio fountains; the tiny tables made it feel just like an actual parisan cafe.  The server made some good recommendations but was only adequate in terms of attentiveness.  Their french bread they bring out is amazing, the perfect texture of flaky without being hard.  For entrees, we got the steak and fites bordelaise which was tender and flavorful - you can choose from a couple different other ways of preparing the steak.  I got a chicken & brie with pesto flavor sandwich, which came out on a soft bread and was small and light, decent for a lunch serving.
1	Terrible service. The food (spinach and greens omelette) was greasy and salty. The only good thing about this place is the homemade English muffins.
5	Great menu and kid friendly. Reasonably priced and a wonderful patio on the strip for people watching while you dine.
4	Grabbed a late breakfast here. Very short wait for the patio on a weekday, sitting outside was nice and relaxing. Had the scrumptious chicken, apple and brie crepes. Mmm!! It's pricey ($13 for the crepes), but it's a restaurant at a fancy hotel in Vegas, what do you expect. Maybe next time I'm out there I'll go back for dinner.
4	They have gluten free french onion soup and it is delicious!This restaurant does actually feel like a nice restaurant in Paris FR just less cramped and with more reasonable pricing. A warning on ordering gluten free- ask obsessively about every last item brought to you. This is a busy place and communication isn't as thorough as you may be used to so keep your guard up. Less importantly, when they say that you get gluten free bread it is infact just a couple of slices of toast. It's good for premade - Udi's quality if not Udi's itself, so enjoy.My reason for giving 4 stars and not 5 is that the serving sizes are inconsistent. You'll have to look at other people's orders to see if the main course is enough or if you need to add an appetizer. Entrees are $18-$35 apiece. Appetizers I recall being around $10
5	Scrumptious-delicious Cinnamon skinny pancakes!!  My first time dining here for breakfast and I'm a fan.  I've passed it many times in the past and never paid any mind to it but after a friend recommended it as a fave spot, I had try it and boy was it worth it!  I started w/ the white egg omelette w/ turkey and Brie and though it was healthy it was like no other concoction I've ever had.  It was topped w/ a tangy avocado relish that was out of this world.  To finish we had the skinny cinnamon pancakes and it was perfection.  Just right sweetness and texture.  Will def be back every time I visit Vegas!!
5	So we were walking down the strip and came across this place inside the paris hotel & casino at first we were a little bit unsure whether to go or not because the wait was 45mins but you know what it's Vegas so thats how it is! Eventually we got into our seat and right away the server put the complimentary bread on our table I thought thats very nice of them after waiting 45 mins. The servers are very nice and professional they were able to explain the food that we wanted to get and even gave me a sample wine to make sure thats the wine that I wanted. We ordered the chicken liver (pate) omg i love pate their pate is oh so good with the bruschetta bread. Also ordered the steak omg one of the best steak I have ever had because I personally didnt even need the steak knife to cut it because it was tender enough also dont need the steak sauce as it comes along with their special sauce. I finished the whole steak not because its a small portion but because it was too delicious and it is too unusual for me. When it comes to dessert we had the friteroles (whatever you call it) gosh its so good!!!! I am definitely coming back here I just love it and the price is very good too just reasonable and suitable! Awesome! Love it!
4	I was soooo excited when I went to Mon Ami Gabi for Mothers Day (finally!).  I have heard nothing but great reviews about it and it sure did live up to the hype.  First of all, their patio seating is literally the best in Las Vegas because you can watch the Bellagio fountain show from across the street! It is an amazing environment to be in. You will feel like you are in another part of the world.  The management was very helpful in accommodating our large party and even when we had more guests join us last minute they were helpful.  Now the breakfast...the turkey and avocado breakfast croissant was sooo yummy. I will definitely be back for more.
4	I'm more of a fish person, and these steaks here were amazing!!!I was starving so I immediately munched down a big part of the French bread they brought out! I ordered French Martini's all night (I must say I'm a huge fan of those), and they were delicious! It took a little bit of a wait to get a patio seat, but the ambiance was great! The food took a little bit longer to come out than anticipated, so after waiting for the patio seat AND my dinner, man I was starving!I ordered my steak medium, it came out perfect. I asked for the bernaise sauce with it, and my oh my it was heavenly! Flavor was coming out everywhere! Definitely go back, even though it's a bit touristy! Ha.
4	Mmmm loved this place for breakfast.Had the egg white omelet perfectly cooked ala Paris with tasty frittes, roasted savory herbed tomatoes and the most delicious bread.  The pain chocolate was just like France, flaky, buttery and oozing chocolatey goodness.  Great service...I  am so happy I happened upon this place for breakfast.  Reasonably priced too for Vegas!
3	Needed to find a place for a weekend lunch with the bachelorette group and we ended up here.  Perhaps it was just my luck...but they sat us at a table where a large amount of spilled ketchup was all over the floor underneath the table.  They reseated us at a different table, but did not offer any apology....for the mess that attacked our feet.Onto the food...I ordered the seafood crepe...the seafood was fresh and delicious and well flavored but I felt the crepe was rather unremarkable.  I've definitely had better crepes.  The fries that come with their sandwiches and burgers are delicious...really they aren't fries...they seem more like kettle chips in the shape of a fry.  And they are very addicting!!The food took over an hour before it arrived at our table....and our waiter when we were trying to pay for the check was no where to be found....for a establishment on the strip...overall the service here is horrible and the food is at best slightly above mediocre.
5	Love it!! We have eaten here around 6 times and it has always been wonderful. Do not miss it on your next trip to Las Vegas.
1	Unfortunately for Mon Ami Gabi, my rating is influenced largely by the way their staff handled a recent incident that occurred while I was eating there. We arrived at Mon Ami Gabi after the 7:00 showing of the Jersey Boys. Our reservation was not until 9:30, but they were able to seat us immediately at 9:15. We ordered the Warm Brie Cheese, which the menu states is served with black pepper honey, hazelnuts, and croutons. While I still enjoyed the dish, there was actually only ONE hazelnut on the plate. For our main courses, I ordered the French Onion Soup and my sister ordered the Grilled Salmon Salad. The soup was fine as far as French Onion Soup goes. My sister said the individual components of the salad were fine, but trying to eat all of the different parts together made for a strange taste in her opinion. When it came time to pay, I reached down next to my chair where my purse had been sitting during the entire meal to retrieve my wallet, only to find my purse was not there. I had gotten my phone out of it just a few minutes prior, so it had definitely been there during the entire dinner up to that point. I alerted the waiter of what happened, and he said he was going to get the manager. About 10 minutes later, a manager arrives at our table asking what happened. He informed us that he had only been working there for a month and did not know what sort of assistance they could offer me. I asked if we could view surveillance footage and he said that they did not have the "authority" (according to the actual senior manager of the restaurant, who neglected to address the situation in person with me at all). Once we had hit a dead end within the restaurant, security guards from Paris showed up. They continued to ask if I "was sure" I hadn't left my purse in the restroom, or at the show I had previously been at. At this point I was sick of people acting as if it was my fault that someone had taken my property. We filed a "lost and found" report with the hotel, and I went back to the restaurant to be sure there was nothing else they could do to help me out (which they claimed there was not). After all, we were leaving in the morning and my purse contained my id. Getting through airport security without an id is not the easiest task... You would think that after the inconvenience of having your purse stolen at the restaurant, they would have offered some sort of condolence, or offered to comp at least our appetizer, but they offered nothing of the sort. No apology, no help. I would not go back to this restaurant for that reason alone. But then, when I finally got back to our hotel, I began to get sick, and I was sick for the rest of the night. Quite the ending to my trip, I must say.
5	This French place has been around since the time I started coming to Vegas and enjoying it! The prices are extremely reasonable and the food is ALWAYS consistently delicious! Service is great too. I am so happy to know they have a special gluten-free menu for those with gluten allergies. They even make gluten-free bread and croutons in house! I had the mussels as my entree and my friend Kim had shrimp cocktail. Love it!
5	I LOVE this restaurant! I ate ate a lot of restaurants when visited Vegas and this was the one that stood out by far. When you come here you MUST get the mussels. They give you freshly baked baguettes that you can use to soak up the delicious buttery white wine broth. YUMMMM! French sangria was amazing too - who knew rosemary works in sangria?
5	One of the best fancy schmancy values on the strip. Any place with a "great view of the Bellagio fountains," whether it be a room, a restaurant, or the ledge in front of the Bellagio fountains, brings 'em out. The first come, first served patio wait list is long and they overtly try to dissuade you from it, but as long as you're okay with plopping yourself in front of some slots or video poker to lose a bit of dough while you wait, it's just fine. And once you are seated...boy, that view! It's a wonder there aren't more Strip restaurants out near the street like Mon Ami because the effect is great - the fountains, Eiffel Tower, and the flanking Cosmopolitan and Caesars make your seat in the middle of it all both intimate and grand.  The service was excellent - we even had an authentic French waiter. The bistro fare menu and prices are completely reasonable given the location, and the food is delicious, from my perfectly cooked hanger steak to the skate wing I tried, the gentle wine selection (not bold enough to rock you but a solid complement to the food), and of course, the pre-dinner baguette. It's places like Mon Ami that really make Las Vegas a well-rounded vacation spot these days, at least for the foodies that want some wine with their sequined cheese. Oh, and as date material, let's just say my panties would have been flying, if I'd worn any.
5	Great food and awesome views
4	Went with a large group for a bachelorette party but was seated right away and had good service throughout the night.  The bread and butter was delicious!  I love when the bread seems fresh and it comes in a loaf where you can rip it off and spread the home-made butter all over that.The steak frites is what they're know for and the meat was VERY TENDER.  Delish.  However, mine was a bit salty.  The pomme frites that come with it are more like potato chips than fries.  Three of us shared the green beans and they were a welcome vegetable amongst the carbs and protein.  It was large enough to share comfortably.Good ambiance.  Overall a nice place for dinner.
2	First let me start off with the good. This restaurant is very pretty. The lighting is perfect and it is right across the street from the Bellagio fountains which you can see from the patio and from inside. Our server was also great. He was very attentive and even make us laugh a few times without being overly goofy.The bad. And it was bad. We ordered an appetizer of assorted seafood which included whole lobster, tuna tar tar, jumbo gulf shrimp and oysters. The oysters were mishandled and had pieces of shell in them. The lobster was lacking flavor. It tasted bland. However the gulf shrimp were good as well as the tuna but for the price of the plate my husband and I were severely underwhelmed. Second course, pork chops and frites. The pork chop was incredibly dry, the seasoning was good but the pork should had been pulled from the fire a good 10 minutes earlier. We ate it but later hit the food court in our hotel for sub sandwiches that we liked so much better. I would not go back to Mon Ami Gabi for food but I would go back for drinks on their patio. The view is fantastic.
5	You know it's good when the chefs around town eat their meals here on their break. Great value, fantastic views, amazing food. It's the real deal for Vegas. We had reservations but waited for the patio (30min more) so we could watch the Bellagio views. Be prepared at peak times to wait over an hour for that if you want.Service was quick and efficient from beginning to end, appetizers fantastic (goat cheese/tomato dip? wow), and entrees were cooked perfectly. Dinner for two was under $80 and honestly felt it was better value than some places I've tried at twice the cost. I'll be back...so much more menu to try!
5	Well My Friend, this is a great place to dine at.  It was our last night in Vegas and wanted to dine someplace where we could people watch on the strip.  So after trying to decide between 2 places we went with Mon Ami Gabi.  Since we didn't have reservation and we wanted to sit out on the patio the wait was over an hour.  We were seated towards the corner and was soon greeted by our waiter Scott.  He was all smiles kinda reminded me of Marc Anthony.  Very friendly and helpful in trying to decide on what to order as he shared the recomendations.Started off with some drinks and got 2 appetizers.  Sea scallops gratinees ~ was broiled to yummygoodness I could have easily eaten 2 plated of these.  Mussels Mariniere ~ Cooked in white wine with slithers of garlic.  They were very good.  Scallop potato and green beans that came with the Prime rib was very addicting.  The scallop potatoes had a pretty good garlic flavor throughout it was really good. Prime Rib ~ This was one huge honker of a prime rib.  Cooked perfectly to a medium rare.  It was juicy and tender.  Mmmm Meat!Skate Wing ~ One thing I always order when its on the menu.  If you have never had one its like the best of crab, lobster and fish.  Its sooo damn good.  I could have eaten 2 of these things.  Its very lightly pan fried and served with pureed cauliflower.  After pigging out we needed to settle out tummy so as all reasonably sound person would do we ordered some cappuccino and dessert.Bananas Foster Crepe ~ It wasn't like the bananas fosters you get in New Orleans but it had the right flavor.  It was very good and with the tasty cup of cappuccino it was the perfect end to a great visit in Vegas.Eyes ~ Great place to people watch and catch the show of the Bellagio fountains.Nose ~ Smelling like its gonna be a great dinner!Ear ~ Its a typical dinner time vibe!Mouth ~ Really tasty good stuff!Tummy ~ Everything was tasty good and was totally satisfied!
4	My friend Gabi!I don't have a friend named Gabi, but My Friend Gabi (Mon Ami Gabi) was so yummy! It's located in the Paris Hotel near the front. For dinner, the ambiance is very French and romantic: dim room with candles at all tables. It's not quiet, but the place looks so romantic. For food:They provide complimentary RADISH SALAD and BAGUETTES with butter. I loved the radish salad. It was refreshing and a bit sweet. The baguette was yummy too. They serve it warm and comes in a paper bag. Every time I think of baguettes, I just wanna get into a sword fight with it. I didn't do that of course, gotta be a lady.For my main course I had the SALMON and LEEK QUINOA. So yummy! The salmon was cooked just right: a bit crispy but tender. My mouth is kinda mouthwatering because of it. The quinoa had a little too much sauce in it but I still liked. For a side dish, I had the RATATOUILLE. Not bad, I just wish it was a bit more creamy.Beth, our server, even hooked it up with a complimentary dessert: vanilla ice cream in a profiterole? Not sure but it was yummy!Merci beau coup Mon Ami Gabi :)
4	I've been wanting to check out Mon Ami Gabi for years but somehow my plans have always been spoiled thanks to a Mr. Vodka Hangover.  This time, I wasn't going to let a night of rage or throbbing headache stop me.Probably would've enjoyed the food and ambiance a lot more if I wasn't so ridiculously tired.  The table was dead silent as everyone attempted to keep their composure and heads up.  Ordered: - Chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe: Delicious!!  If my stomach wasn't at odds with me, I would have finished every bit of it.  - Side of fruit: I was hoping for a small bowl of fresh whole fruit but instead got a fancy diet saucer filled with cut up soggy fruit.  They could have skipped steps "cut" and "drench in fruit slime." The baguette served as a nibbler comes out in a long, warm roll.  Crumbly, soft, chewy, and fresh!No swimwear.  Probably a good idea to make reservations on busy days like Saturday.  Service was casual but my water glass was always filled.  I look forward to coming back...sober!
4	After a long day at the pool a group of us were hungry but did not want to break the bank at the same time. Being in vegas most of the places to eat are expensive. I did a quick search on Yelp to see what was around the area and came across this place which was only 1 hotel over. It had great reviews and it had steak so that was a plus! We get ready and head over to the place and the restaurant looked nice. They had patio seating and inside seating. Surprisingly the patio seating was faster then trying to get a seat inside. The patio seating is right on the strip and right across from the Bellagio. It sets a nice mood for couples because you get to see the water show while eating. The prices are very good for being in vegas and on the strip. When seated they give warm french bread and radish salad that I really liked. We ordered a full order of mussells, escargot and everyone got a steak dish. The mussells and escargot were delicious! All the steaks came with thin cut frech fries there were really crispy. The steak was a good portion for the price. This is a great place to check out for cheap and good food with a nice view.
3	My wife and i went here for our anniversary last night. The food was great but now as good as the people watching:) I woke up this morning to look in the review journal to see mon ami gabi recieved a c rating from the health district........maybe would have thought twice about the oysters and tuna tartar knowing this.We had the brie, seafood sampler, and shared a filet mingon. The service was really great from "20"? They wear nametags with numbers on them? But she was really cool and the service was great.
4	I've eaten at Mon Ami Gabi three times and have always enjoyed the food, the service, and the atmosphere.  The French onion soup is quite good,  steaks are  better than average, desserts are pleasant enough, coffee is terrific, wine list is adequate (for me anyway),  I don't care for the potatoes, but that's just  personal preference.   Reservations are honored beautifully by a staff who looks too busy to remember their own names.  Impressive!  I have yet to eat on the outdoor terrace with it's view of the Bellagio fountains, but this winter for sure!
5	This is a Great French steak-house chain located in the Paris Hotel Casino. I have had everything from a steak to the duck (it was a special one night) and it was fantastic. Ask to be seated on the patio and have a great view of the Las Vegas Strip (as I have said in other reviews Las Vegas has the best people watching on the planet).
3	I and my husband went there to have a lunch.We got a table very quickly  maybe bc it was Monday.service was okay,our waitress was not the friendliest,no smile at all....but it's Vegas.most of all the places have the same service here.the food was okay too.i love French food,and I have tried much better,in LA tho.We got mussels as an appetizer,my husband liked them,for me it was a bit salty,we both like the fries what comes with it.we both got sandwiches for a meal.my husband got lobster roll,we liked it,it was fresh and tasty.i got a salmon one,nothing special...and again we liked the handmade potato chips,it was yummy!So overall just 3 stars,but I would come back it's still better than a lot of other places on strip!it has a nice view
4	I have eaten here a few times. A few of my team liked it after going one night they didn't mind that we were hosting a dinner there again 2 nights later they had enjoyed the food so much. We took 11 people some with dietary restrictions and the staff were very attentive to their needs. The food was excellent from appetizers to desert. I have been with just one or two colleagues as well as 10+ and both times were enjoyable.
5	Exceptional food at reasonable prices.  Reservations are a must.
5	Outstanding dinner last night with husbande and two teenage boys.  The french onion soup was great as were our steaks.  Our boys really enjoyed the baked goat cheese appetizer and I loved the the skate wing.Great service too.  We waited about 20 minutes to sit inside around 9:00 p.m.
5	My wife and I had a great time at this wonderful establishment. Great food, Great staff. What more can I say. My wife who lived in Paris for over decade loves the food here. So if someone from France loves the American version of French food then you are in good hands.Please take the time to enjoy the food, it is well worth it.Cannot wait to go back the next time we are in Vegas.
5	Steak good.Bread good.They were about to close but let us in anyway. We were saved from starvation!!!Service good.Overall: satisfying meal.
5	Amazing. Sat outside for breakfast looking at the bellagio under red umbrellas. All the food is so good and taste made from scratch (whip cream for waffles, jam for toast, whipped butter). Am going back for lunch now.
4	Our second time to Mon Ami Gabi, our first visit was the day after we got married with a bunch of family members. On the patio on a lovely evening in March. It was great. My first time trying Escargot and I'm a fan.A group of friends decided to have dinner at Mon Ami Gabi, knowing how good it was we couldn't resist. We made reservations, for 18 people, unfortunately they couldn't keep us all at the same table but the tables were near each other.Our waitress, Christin, was fantastic, she's been working there for 12 years so she knew exactly what to recommend for your taste.The free loaves of bread are so good, not anything like the tasteless bread you get in real Paris. Flawlessly accompanied by butter and a carrot slaw to spread on your bread. The fish of the day was Barramundi with pole beans over a light tomato sauce. It was cooked perfectly, with a nice crisp skin, seasoning was excellent on my fish as well as my vegetables. My husband ordered the chefs special of the day which was a Prime Rib Roast with long beans and scalloped potatoes. He ate every morsel, the only thing I tasted were the potatoes, which I thought were a bit peppery for my taste. Everyone else in our group seemed to love their food, some of the orders included Trout Almondine, Steak, Seafood Platter, Shrimp cocktail, Sea Scallops, and Onion Soup just to name a few.For dessert we ordered Creme Brulee to share, it was an enjoyable ending to our meal, light creamy vanilla custard with a nicely caramelized top layer. Yum!
5	Due to the enormous amount of reviews on yelp, my boyfriend and I decided to try this restaurant. We were not disappointed! *phew*We ordered escargots for appetizer and i was hesitant to order it because i've never tried it and was worried i wouldn't like it. BUT, i LOVED IT! The only thing about this dish is that its a bit on the oily side. It was still delicious nonetheless, however the escargots were drenched (LITERALLY) in garlic-herb butter which im not sure if thats usually how they're made. It was good though.He ordered steak frites which is apparently what they are famous for and the steak was perfectly seasoned (i usually find steak too underseasoned) and the frites were really cool. They were more like chips than fries because they were so incredibly thin! But i liked how thin they were cuz they didn't taste as oily as normal fries even though they probably are.I ordered peppercorn sauce steak and green beans. It was also delicious. The meat was cooked exactly the way i wanted it and was very tender.
4	I had been wanting to try Mon Ami Gabi for years and it did not disappoint.  Definitely one of the best meals we've ever had in Vegas.  The baguettes are to die for!
4	Loved my bearnaise steak, husband was unimpressed with his filet au poivre....I don't think he'd go back, but I would. Try the mojito maison with st germain, it's delicious and lethal ;)
4	Again, had a table for 8. No problems at all, waitress even split up the check. I had a cheeseburger and it was delicious!!! My wife had steak with the roquefort butter and it was also Amazing. The creamed cauliflower was very good as well. Our table was inside because of the large party. I will eat here again for sure, very good and I'd like to sit on the patio.
3	Restaurant was nicely set up. I love the patio seating and being able to people watch :) I had a much higher expectation for service so I was a bit disappoint. The food was good. We had the country pate and the scallop entree. Both were good. We also had a salad which was just okay, nothing special. The menu read really well but there was something lacking when it arrived.Our server, #71, was the only thing that made our dining experience not so impressive. She was boring and wasn't willing to really give us any suggestions or details. She made us feel like we were such an inconvenient to her. I wished we would have sat in another section. It's shouldn't matter if we were there for lunch or dinner, service is such an important aspect of dining that it shouldn't be neglected.Overall, it was an okay experience. This is definitely a place that I might want to come back to give it another chance. Hopefully, we won't get the same server.Happy eating!
5	Came back to this place with some friends for Breakfast and loved it! My only complaint is Breakfast ends at 10:30am even on the weekends. After 10:30am you have to order from their Brunch Menu which has a couple of Breakfast dishes.  We made reservations since we had a large group but ended up getting tables on the Patio (The Patio is First Come First Serve). The BF ordered the Braised Beef Eggs Benedict and I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict.  I think I preferred the Braised Beef Eggs Benedict it came Braised Beef, caramelized onions, and their yummy yet fatty hollandaise sauce on top of an extra toasty English muffin. The Braised Beef had so much flavor and was really tender loved it! The Smoked Salmon came with hollandaise sauce on top of an extra toasty English muffin. I felt the smoked salmon was a little too salty for my taste. Both plates came with a side of extra crispy hashbrown Yum! Can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
5	A nice spacious restaurant! This hotspot is located at the base of Paris hotel and is alongside the sidewalk of the lively Las Vegas Blvd.  My visit to Mon Ami Gabi evoked flashbacks of my time in Paris mid-summer. To my surprise, the decor and food accurately captures the essence of a French restaurant.My favorite aspect of this exquisite eatery is the affordable pricing and the wide selections on the menu. For less than $20, you can already have a good amount of food. I enjoyed my Prime Steak sandwich, which had tender and succulent meat between two soft freshly-baked bread.  When I took a bite the Warm Chicken and Brie sandwich, my mouth rejoiced after tasting the flavorful yet delicate combination of the ingredients put together.  The marriage of brie cheese and chicken provides a high enjoyable level of savoriness.  Mon Ami Gabi was able to bring sandwiches above and beyond the expectations I normally have. Every sandwich (and many dishes) comes with a small basket of crispy potatoes.  They are similar to french fries as well as potato chips and compliment the entrees wonderfully with their lightly salted crispiness.The service is wonderful as the workers are knowledgeable about everything on the food and wine menu.  One of the IMPORTANT things to anticipate upon arrival to Mon Ami Gabi is the shirt policy.  Male customers must wear a shirt with sleeves (essentially no tank tops).  One of the people in my party unknowingly did not wear a shirt with sleeves to this restaurant.  However, the workers were nice enough to provide him with a complementary Paris hotel t-shirt.  Is the service great or what?
4	I was really pleased with this restaurant. We went for breakfast, and we were admiring the dining rooms. Looks great for a romantic evening out!For breakfast, we sat outside on the patio and it was great! The service was wonderful and food was really good! Prices for the food was decent and well worth the price. My sister had the eggs benedict which was really good and sauce was really light. I had an omelet with their hash browns which was very filling. I will definitely be back for future meals! :)
4	Bonjour! Love eating at this restaurant during breakfast time. ask for Patio seating not to hot not to cold during the autumn season. The thing i love most about this place is the awesome views of the strip and the Bellagio foutains. This restaurant is a great way to wake up to Las Vegas.. I normally have the waffles and coffee while i chat and enjoy the view. A Must do while you are in vegas. The only problem is not that much selctions on the menu. Prices are ok.
4	This restaurant has a great view and patio seating. The filet mignon was excellent.
4	Hi all, Mon Ami Gabi delivered on all counts last night.  First, you can reserve a table through Open Table.  Then they bring your bread in a bag so you can tear off pieces just like we did in France when I visited.  For starters we gobbled down a duck confit and fingerling potatoes appetizer that was prepared so well, even the 7 3/4 year old loved it.  I was in a rare fish mood and ordered the dover sole special which was a bit underseasoned but cooked perfectly otherwise.  My wife ordered the filet and they allowed her to choose the blue cheese sauce (any sauce on any steak our waitress said).   The steak was perfectly cooked (thank god she ordered medium because it came closer to medium rare, the way I like it.  the potato sticks were the best thing we had, the perfect crispness and saltiness.The waitress was very helpful in providing recommendations and they kept the water full.  The drinks, although pricey, were excellent. Try the Paris Romance.  Also the French Cherie was excellent.  I forgot Hendricks was in it due to the flavor.The child had fish sticks that were awesome and came in a french bento box with mashed potatos, green beans and more.For desert, the kids ice cream sundae was good and 1/3 the price of the sundaes across the street at Serendipity.  We had the profitteroles and must have liked them because they were all gone when we left.I want to give this place 5 stars, I really do but the dining area is small and noisy and the fish special just wasn't perfect.  I am sure I would have given it that extra star if we had a spot on the patio but they were full and the wait would have been 1 hour.  I promise to revisit this the next time we go.
3	Food was good for breakfast but service was just terrible.
5	We had dinner here as we watched the Fountains of the Bellagio show.I had the french onion soup which was fabulous, and we also ordered artesan cheese hors d'oeuvres. We have not gotten around to having a full meal there yet. We will soon visit the Chicago location to try their steaks.The ambience was warm and comfortable and the waitress was friendly and talkative (which I love). She actually told us about the Chicago location , which i did not know about and that they are part of the Lettuce Entertain You chain that I love many of their restaurants.This particular location is perfect for travelers who want to eat a great meal and watch the Bellagio show.
5	Awwww oui! Mikey likey. I came here recently for my second or third time and I was more impressed than the previous time, or two times. How much more impressed? Enough to give this sucker five stars, in case you didn't notice and are still reading this review despite the fact that five stars really says it all.Mon Ami Gabi doesn't deserve credit for the fact that I can't give a place that serves me Filet Mignon a bad rating. But, in this case, that is exactly what they are going to get. A not bad rating, that is.And judging by the relative lack of positive reviews of this establishment just kidding I have to say that they will likely see a huge surge of traffic after I click Save Now, followed by Post. Because my positive reviews bring all the boys to the yard, and in this analogy, the yard is this restaurant and the boys really are people of any gender that are willing to eat very tasty french inspired steak while likely sitting on a patio that is directly across the street from the Bellagio water fountain showsRun on sentences are nothing to scoff at. Go here and order some food. Stop reading this review already. I could teach you, but I'd have to charge.
3	Came for breakfast on a weekend with a group of eight.  The selection was great and the price point was very reasonable and accommodated everyone's budget.  The chocolate croissant was flaky, buttery, and the chocolate was semi-sweet; perfect, in my opinion ($~4).  The croque madame was rich, buttery, crispy, cheesy, and the egg was cooked to order (~$12); comes with their version of fries (different from other restaurants - thinly sliced potatoes that are roughly cut into to strips.  The results are crunchy, some tender potato sticks).  Coffee is ~$4.  The steak frites was good and the steak portion was very generous (~$25).  Yummy stuff here, folks.Other important info: reservations recommended, reservations require credit card hold (they don't charge anything, but will ask for # and expiration date), patio seating is first-come-first-serve (no exception), interior is nice with high vaulted ceilings, and utensils were pretty dirty (boo!).
3	A decent inexpensive, moderately tasty off the strip bite with ambiance. The warm goat cheese appetizer is note worthy ;D
4	I've been here a few times in the last 5 years or so, and this place still remains a go to spot when I'm in Vegas.  Located inside/outside of Paris it has a prime location on the strip (pun intended)!  The food is always solid. I've had the escargot which was so flavorful!  (be careful, its hot!).  The prime rib I had here the first time is still one of the best.  Last time I went I had the steak and frites.  Steak was nice and tender, beaten flat! Frites were nice and flat, making them crispy!!!  I've also had the brunch here, which was pretty good as well.The outdoor patio is amazing.  Right across from the Bellagio pool!  Great place for an evening dinner and people watching.  It's a bit dark inside, but that's expected of a steakhouse.   In the past the service has been solid, but when I went a couple of weeks ago, I had a strange experience.  The hosts were awesome, getting us a nice seat on the patio, but our waiter was awkward.  In the middle of telling us our specials, he pauses, looks over at the other table and excuses himself.  He comes back about a minute later and says he had to take care of something.  After telling us our specials, just looks at us and then walks away.  Didn't ask any questions, ask if we had questions, or even concluded it in any normal way...just walked away.  He also seemed to be a little too busy for us. Granted it was my friend and I and we were pretty low maintenance.  At the end of the meal, he just drops off the check.  With that one exception, my experiences here have been awesome, and I highly recommend it!
5	I absolutely love French food done right and Mon Ami Gabi, to me tastes like homemade French food.The oysters, escargot and sea bass were cooked perfectly. The Escargot had a great texture and the sauce went well with the baguette.The interior feels like a home...extremely welcoming; it feels like a place where you can have a nice dinner or lunch watching the Bellagio fountains or just people watching in general. The service was quick and the waiters were friendly and knowledgable. If you're in the mood for classic French food on the strip that isn't extremely pricy I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi.
5	I've always passed by Mon Ami Gabi, thinking it was one of the more tourist-trappy restaurants on the strip.  I assumed they were serving sub-par food for astronomical prices just because you had a front patio view of the strip.Let me say it here and now: I stand corrected.  At Mon Ami Gabi, I had the best Quiche Lorraine of my life.  The worst part?  I hadn't even ordered it.  It was my aunt's order and I had to just hope and pray that her tiny appetite would perform as normal and there would be lots left over for me to devour. Strangely enough, even the red cabbage-frisee-kale salad with the house dressing that came with the Quiche Lorraine was outstanding as well, to the point that I asked the staff if I could have the recipe for the house vinaigrette (and I don't even normally go for kale).I ordered the Eggs Benedict and, truthfully, they weren't the best I've ever had, but they weren't bad by any standard.  What can I say?  I had that quiche on the brain and nothing compared.The atmosphere is as you would expect facing the strip, however if you happen to have your back to the strip, you might--just might--forget you're in Vegas and think you're sitting in a Paris bistro.  Until you see the hungover frat boys plop down at the table next to you and an overweight couple in visors and fanny-packs plop down at the table on the other side of you.The staff is friendly and helpful for the most part, and when I asked for the recipe for the vinaigrette, they came back from the kitchen with a little form asking for my name, email address, and what recipe I wanted (I threw in a request for the quiche while I was at it) and the chef would email me soon.Overall, I can't wait to go back, maybe for something else (the blueberry waffles looked amazing), but probably for the quiche!
5	Do I have a story to tell!Back in April 2010, I had planned for 2 years my European trip to go to my dream city Paris, France. We were to fly there and meet my sister from Berlin, and best friend in Naples. Before we left Honolulu, ready to board our plane to our Las Vegas stop over, my sister in Berlin calls me, and says there's a huge volcano erupting in Iceland. Being from Hawaii, it was no big deal to me.Short story long, we were stuck in Vegas for 5 days, tears rolling down my face, my husband took me to the "Eifel Tower" restaurant on the strip called Mon Ami Gabi.We were so lucky, we got a cute 2 top table right outside facing the Bellagio. It was one of the most romantic, outdoor dinners we had, it was almost like being there in Paris (ALMOST) Our waiter was amazing, as he listened to our sob story, and gave us excellent suggestions. We ordered Fresh Oysters on a half shell,(totally devine) which is flown in daily, French Oniopn Soup (duh!) baked to perfection, Bread and Brie cheese with French Red wine (okay, so I got carried away a little with the French theme),Filet Mignon and sat right underneath the Eifel Tower.Next thing we know, the watershow from the Bellagio started! What timing, it was incredible. It wasn't Europe, but it was the next best thing that made our trip a memorable one.We finally went on our Parisian trip, and Mon Ami Gabi, is still my favorite French restaurant I've been to!Take a loved one there, they will thank you forever :)Checkout my pictures-
4	Finally dined here for breakfast after being to Vegas multiple times, and passing by the restaurant THOUSANDS of times. Actually, I'm mad at myself for not doing it sooner! LOVE THIS PLACE! We dined in what I call "the sun room" (an area between the main dining room, and the outside patio). I loved the ambiance there. I ordered the corned beef hash and a latte, and my sweetie ordered the traditional eggs benedict. The hash was awesome! The corned beef was crispy on the edges, and the poached egg was cooked perfectly. This is a great breakfast joint without being too expensive ($10-$15 per entree), but next time I'll try eating dinner on the outside patio.
5	I went here twice for breakfast last week and Mon Ami Gabi is now my goto place for breakfast in Vegas.  In fact, I think I may have to stay at Paris next time I go just so I can roll out of bed and into that restaurant.I had the french toast the first day and a ham and cheese omelette the next.  My honey had steak & eggs the first day, and french toast the next.  (I stole a bite of his steak so can comment on all three dishes).  Everything was really good.  The french toast was different than your usual american french toast but was delicious, I love the generous dollop of whipped cream and all the blueberries and blueberry syrup.  They use two thick slices of bread, I am not sure what kind of bread but it's not your typical french toast sourdough or texas toast.  It was neither soggy or hard, was perfectly 'egged', and just the right amount of food to be comfortably sated without being stuffed.The steak on my honey's steak and eggs was peppery and flavorful.  Sometime I need to come back for lunch so I can order the steak with roquefort sauce....mmmm!My omelette was perfect as well - not greasy, but fluffy, with ham and gruyere.  The hash browns were perfect, buttery and herbed without being greasy, hard or soggy.  I loved the whipped butter and fresh raspberry jam that came with the crusty bread as well.  And to top it all off, the prices are not bad by Vegas standards.  Most of these dishes were about $11 (except the steak and eggs, which was a bit higher).  Let me tell you I've had FAR crappier breakfast for much more money many times in this town (both on the strip and off).Service was very good, as a tip I'd suggest eating inside rather than outside, it's quieter and easier to get a table and it's not 100+ degrees.  Win-win!For all these benefits, I give them the coveted 5 star rating.  It would be nice if they gave out total reward points, but they are apparently separate from the casino.  Oh well, no biggie!
4	Bread is delicious
4	Wandered into this place after being in the desert for 8 days. It was quite the culture shock: mostly the food wasn't freeze dried and was delicious! We got there around 7:00 and had no problem getting a table. Now, the food was pretty good and I'll get to that in a second. But first we need to address why this place doesn't get 5 stars. It has to do with the fact that we had 3 different servers who were kind of difficult to track down. I know, it's nit-picky, but our first server whispered in a thick french accent, our second server wasn't sure what the first had told us or taken as an order, and the third didn't speak at all. Beyond that, however, the food was tres magnifique! (Apologies to francophiles if I misspelled any of that...) We started with the baked goat cheese which came with a stunning crispy yet soft herb bread. Then, shocker of all evening, my "burger and fries" boyfriend ordered a steak, and ordered it medium rare! (We're talking about a "everything should be well-done thank you very much," kind of guy here, so you should be shocked, too!) He got the steak roquefort  (bleu cheese sauce) and ate pretty much the whole thing. I ordered the Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onions red wine reduction) and ate pretty much all of it. (Ok, you caught me. I ate the whole thing. It was tasty. And I regret nothing.)In addition, there are two other noteworthy items: 1) St. Germain +champagne cocktails = baaaannnnggggiiiinnng; 2) while there were multiple servers working our table, not one of them made an attempt to rush out. We got to linger over every course which, again, was freaking wonderful after rush rush travel travel we had endured for the last 24 hrs. Overall, I highly recommend this little spot in Paris Las Vegas.   And seriously, get the St. Germain-tasty-nectar-of-the-gods-in-a-very-formal-french-way cocktail. You'll love it. I think. Or you should. Whatever, just try the steak ok? I know you won't regret that.
2	Came here for the first time last Thursday for lunch. The waitress told me what the special was, so I ordered it. The special was a BLT crab sandwich. When it arrived, it still had the soft shell on it and it was fried. She told me the soft shell was edible, but I don't like eating fried food. So I tried it. It tasted nasty and was very deeply fried. I ended up getting sick to my stomach. I also saw her mess up another patron's order while I was there. I couldn't believe it. He also had ordered the special and by the looks on his face, he wasn't impressed at all.  I know this place has a lot of great reviews, but my experience wasn't that great. No more for me. The prices were fair, hence the two stars.
5	My review is for breakfast.I came here every single day for breakfast! The view from the patio is fantastic. I got waffles, french toast, and the egg/bacon crepe and none disappointed me. The blueberries were fresh, the milk was served cold, and the staff is attentive and makes you feel like a million bucks. Love love love!!!
5	OMG what an incredible dinner the steaks were amazing an the chefs apple n celery  amuse n carrot amuse were a great start to the dinner thank you.  Dia our waitress was the bomb!!!
5	Last year,I went to Vegas  for a week due to my hubby's conference there; after i checked at Yelp ,(before we left), we tried Mon Ami Gibi for brunch....wow! Their waffle was so....yummy! So last week( June ,2012), I went with my hubby to Vegas again ( the same reason there), we put on our schedule to have a brunch there again....still, we both loved their waffle. So far, I haven't found any better place for waffle in San Francisco than Mon Ami Gibi.went to Mon Ami Gibi for breakfast last
5	This is my "impressor" restaurant. Whenever I have friends or family come in from out of town, this is where I take them. Service is always top-notch and the food is amazing. I highly recommend making a reservation - they will take you very quickly if you do. I've never had to wait more than 5 min. if I made a reservation; going in on a Friday night without a reservation was about an hour wait. That's to be expected. You usually wait longer for a patio table, because of its excellent views, but I say skip it if you've seen the fountains - the inside is usually quiet and calm, so it makes for a much more relaxing meal.You hungry after that wait? No problem. They're going to bring you a fresh baguette with an amuse-bouche that you'll dream about for months. For an appetizer, get the brie and put it on that delicious bread. They only give you four crostinis with the brie, which can seem a little chintzy, but with the bread there, you have plenty of carbs to put your brie on.I've taken vegetarian friends and carnivorous friends here alike and they've all found something delicious on the menu. I highly recommend the filet mignon in merlot butter - it comes with crispy chipped fries which are the perfect combination of fry and potato chip. Honestly, I've never made it to dessert, because I've been so stuffed after savoring every last bite of my filet. I've even taken my culinarily-non-adventurous parents here, and they LOVED it. This restaurant's safe for all tastes and though it's a Strip price (about $60-person) it's worth every penny.
5	Seafood platter is perfect! Good service too
5	one of the BEST MEALS i've had was here! mussels.. steak frites... chocolate pudding... TO DIE FOR!
5	In recent years, we've seen 99-cent shrimp cocktail fall by the wayside as Vegas has evolved into one of the best restaurant cities in the country.  With our mix of celebrity chefs and other vittle visionaries, we've become a dining destination.  Rather than holding tightly to their treasured recipes, some of these chefs are throwing open the doors to their kitchens and teaching us to cook like they do.  The classes are terrifically good time, and I have actually learned a lot each time I've attended.  It's a wonderful way to spend a Saturday morning.You may want to have a designated driver on standby, though, because your wine glass will never be empty!Here are "quelque choses" I learned at a fantastic Mon Ami Gabi French cooking class in January of 2012:* When caramelizing mushrooms, don't wash them because they won't carmelize properly. Instead, brush them off. And, use pomace oil, rather than extra virgin olive oil, because it has a higher heating point. * The fine mesh sieve is a Chinois.  It's used to strain the Four Mushroom Soup after it's been blended. It's so-named because it resembles a Chinaman's hat. :)* Sear the sea scallops only on one side to avoid making them rubbery.* Don't pair a dessert wine with dessert. It's too much sweet, and they will diminish each other.* Preparing the fresh cream to top the Warm Chocolate Pudding Cake, I learned the proper way to whip is with a Figure 8 maneuver.  It's a workout!The next class at Mon Ami Gabi is July 21.  Taking no chances, I registered a month ago.  It's gonna be "magnifique"!
5	French toast is like a dessert, hash browns are delicious, and the view is great!  (Try to get a seat by the patio)
5	Me and cousin were deciding on a place to eat. There are so many fine restaurants in Vegas and in the end we decided last minute to go here on the 2nd night I was in Vegas. It was a great choice!!  I called in earlier that evening around 830pm and made reservations for two. I was very surprised that they still accepted reservations the night of! It was definitely a good idea since there were people waiting when we got there at 10pm. One of the Asian hostesses was a bit rude towards me since she asked me to get in the back of the line when I was obviously there before other guests. But I just let that go. When we walked into the restaurant it was very crowded. Most, if not all of the tables were occupied. I was under the impression that it was casual atire, but people were dressed rather nice. We sat indoors. The ambiance is rather romantic with slightly dim lights. The atmosphere seemed lively yet relaxed at the same time with people conversing and having a merry time. Our waiter was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu. He gave us advice on what to order which worked out wonderfully!!We ordered the ESCARGOTS DE BOURGOGNE(oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter) and FILET MIGNON MERLOT(steak with butter and red wine reduction, served with their signature hand-cut frites). Both were very good. I've had snails before but never cooked this way. We ate it with the fresh warm bread! The steak was soooo TENDER!!! By far the best steak I have eaten! Seasoned perfectly and it is like butter when you cut into it. The Frites were also very good and a different spin on fries. I actually like it better than fries because they are thinner and crispier. I am sad that I decided not to order dessert here because I wanted to try Serendipity(no bueno). The total came out to be only $50. What a great deal for such delicious food! I will be coming back no doubt when I am in Vegas :)
4	Mon Ami Gabi was the place we selected for brunch on Easter Sunday.I absolutely must say thank you to the hostess who held our table for us when we called to say we would be late due to the valet being full. I had no clue that valet could be full but apparently, that's a thing that can happen. Anyway, we were fifteen minutes late and they still held our table for us. That's pretty darned awesome!Our table was at the window line looking out onto the Bellagio fountains. It was a holiday and so there was a large show every thirty minutes and minor shows every fifteen. So we were able to watch eight different water shows during our two hour brunch. Yes, we are the grazers that drink and eat slowly and enjoy our time. I'd say I'm sorry but it would be untrue.Our only issue with Mon Ami Gabi, the food was forgettable. I cannot for the life of me remember what I had. I think I had French Toast but I could be wrong about that. Regardless, at those prices I'd like to at least remember what I had (outside of the coffee and mimosas).Anyway, overall this place was great for a mid morning spent watching people, water shows, and enjoying our friends and their company.
5	Biggest let down of the trip. I read Craig R's review earlier this year and decided the next time I visited Vegas I would eat here for breakfast and have the Slow Braised Beef Eggs Benedict. Thursday morning we all rose early so we could beat any crowds and have a delicious breakfast.Seated on the patio, handed menus, gave our drink orders. Looked over the menu...where is the Slow Braised Beef Eggs Benedict? I asked the waitress...oh, that is a winter item. The menu changes with the seasons. She said the menu is always updated online, so check it out before visiting again to make sure they have what I want.Oh well. I ordered the normal Eggs Benedict. BF ordered the Croissant Sandwich, and BFF ordered Three Eggs with Bacon and Toast. The food was great! My eggs benedict was one of the best ones I have ever had. I loved everything about it. BF's sandwich was awesome! It had eggs, tomato, turkey, avocado and mayo. Delish!Our service was spectacular and I really liked the look of this restaurant. I will definitely eat here again, and now it looks like I have a reason to visit Las Vegas in the winter!
4	Very very pricey for what you get. But it's all about sitting outside and watching the Bellagio water works and the filet mignon merlot butter dish! Excellent service too.
4	It was a sad walk from the Cosmo to here since it was our last day on our trip. It ended up being the best breakfast as well. Came in on Thursday morning around 10AM without a reservation. The hostess greeted us and asked if we wanted to wait for an outside patio table or dine in. We didn't have extra time to spare so we opted to dine inside. The wait was only a few minutes and we were led to a quint table that is inside the restaurant but also can be considered outside since it was next to the huge open area that had a nice breeze and view of the strip. After looking over their large brunch menu I ordered the fruit basket and the turkey and egg white omelette. The fruit basket was half of a cantaloupe cut to look like a flower with mango, pineapple, strawberries, grapes and berries inside. It was almost too pretty to eat. It also came with brown sugar, yogurt and a clear sweet syrup on the side. The fruit was all fresh sweet and ripe. The omelette was a nice size portion with tomatoes and avocado ontop. It was a little bland but the hot sauce I asked for spiced it up. I am not a hash browns fan but theirs are very good with grilled onions through out. Service was okay. Our waitress wasn't the warm and inviting type but got the job done. We did have a couple of times that we had to wait for the coffee and water to be refilled. The decor and layout reminded us of the cafes we had dined at when we were in Europe so Mon Ami Gabi did that correct. Prices is great for the quantity and quality of the food. Too bad we didn't dine here sooner otherwise we wouldnt have wasted our time nor money on the other two restaurants. But I will remember this restaurant for our next trip. For the fruit, two entrees, coffee, tax and tip the total came out around $52.00. Misc. info: reservations can only be made for inside the restaurant. The outside patio seating is first come first served.
5	This year, my boyfriend and I ventured to Las Vegas for the fourth time with the intention of visiting Mon Ami again as it's a favorite for both of us. The hostesses are always warm and friendly as they chat with you on the way to your requested table. I initially visited this restaurant for it's dinner menu which is extensive and very tasty, but it has quickly become my favorite breakfast spot while in Vegas.There's nothing more relaxing than sitting on the patio in the morning enjoying a steak and eggs breakfast with some delicious strong coffee, (and a morning bellini). Both times this year, (May 14 (Nicole R.) and May 21 (Rey R.)) the service was impeccable. Both of the waitress were very friendly and were always available if we needed anything. I would absolutely recommend Mon Ami Gabi to anyone looking for good food and good service.
4	Excellent fine dining restaurant located in the lobby of the Paris hotel. With superb food and great service, I highly recommend it. I tried their beef dip with fries and was not disappointed. i should have tried their famous steak special as I later found out it was to die for. The restaurant is usually busy and conveniently located across from the Bellagio hotel, where you might just catch the water fountain show in front of the hotel. I certainly look forward to returning to this gem of a place.
5	Vegas! A place to play, eat, and spend lot of money. Been to Vegas many times and have done it all, but now in my old age, I look forward to the food options.Visited this French restaurant about 10 years ago, and this time I took my boyfriend.It was HOT!!! but managed to get a table in the shade, under the umbrellas and the mist that sprays from the railing. This is a great spot for people watching!!!We had good service. The gal that sat us was very chatty. Our service, a nice young man, not overly friendly but efficient.I ordered what I ordered when I came many moons ago, full size order of muscles, with came with thin frites. We also ordered the warm brie with honey, and a fruit bowl, which was a carved cantaloupe filled with fruit.The warm brie with honey came with roasted garlic pieces, whole hazelnuts, and 4 crustini. My boyfriend is not a huge fan of brie, but he certainly loved this! He also liked the fries. His fruit was good, and the fresh bread, mini loaf they give you, is freshly baked on the premises and is so good. So if you can't make it to gay paris, this may be the closest you can come. Of course they aren't as snobby as the french can be (so I've heard). If you are a french foodie snob and have been to Paris, or France, maybe not your cup of tea, but for the rest of this, will do.  Pricey yes, but well worth the money.
3	Great outdoor patio on the strip to people watch and just relax!  Went for lunch.  Had the salmon and egg salad tartine and the seafood crepe.
3	I would only really enjoy dining here if I am seated outside in the patio. The food was just alright, nothing great. But I did enjoy the baguette and butter! It was SO good! Mon Ami Gabi is more of a place grab a bite to eat while people watching outside and enjoying the Bellagio water show. But for food alone, I don't care too much for it.
4	Nice french restaurant directly on the strip with views of the Bellagio water show.I ordered the 3 cheese plate and the salmon and leek quinoa.Price was reasonable which is very hard to find in vegas.Would definetly go back.
4	Picturesque little cafe that gives you great views of the Bellagio fountains if you are sitting outside.  I had quite possibly the most elegant corned beef hash I've ever had.  Coming from a childhood of eating the canned, Hormel bits o'beef and potato, this dish was quite remarkable.  There was a nicely seasoned, tender corned beef brisket on the bottom of the dish, with 2 perfectly poached eggs on top.  A crispy plate of hash browns was served on the side, and it also came with some fresh baguette-style toast.  It tasted quite good, however, the menu stated that it should have come with roasted red pepper.  After searching on my plate, I found the tiniest sliver of red pepper on the dish.  They are really cutting corners here (jk)!Coffee was refilled promptly, as was water.  One thing to note is even though they are part of the Paris casino, they aren't actually owned by Harrah's, so you cannot get any Total Rewards discounts, nor pay for your meal in Total Rewards points.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is the kind of French Bistro friend we all wish we knew back in our own hometowns.For me, the number one draw was the View ... not the view of the Paris Hotel & Casino, but the view from the outdoor patio of the Bellagio Fountains across the Las Vegas Strip. There are two dining options at Mon Ami Gabi: Indoor or Patio. Indoors is going to be a "finer dining experience" and much shorter wait. Even though we had reservations, it took about 20 minutes to get seated on the patio. The wait was worth it. We lucked into a table right in the middle directly across from the Bellagio. If you come after 6:00 p.m. the fountain show is every 15 minutes, so, plan accordingly.Our meal was $195 for my wife and me. It was a bit over-priced, but still a rewarding couple steaks, drinks, and sides. And did I mention the view? Olivia had the 22 oz Bone-In Rib Eye Steak with Bearnaise Sauce ($40) while I got the Filet Mignon Merlot with Butter & Wine Reduction Sauce ($35). Both steaks were 4-star cuts of meat with the filet tender and the rib eye juicy. They came with the house Frites and we added sides of Asparagus (3-stars) and Mushrooms (3-stars).I stuck with the house Pinot Noir (Mon Ami Gabi 09 $8 each) before/during dinner while she went with 3 rounds of the Le Fleur cocktail ($13)  which was super sweet thanks to St. Germain and Bacardi Limon. For dessert, we split a Creme Brulee ($8 - 4 stars) and had a Latte. We were in no rush to leave thanks to the Fountains of Bellagio view and relaxed pace of our meal.Our server was especially bland. I'm sure his job must suck serving tourists all day, every day, but a little enthusiasm or acting like you cared about our experience would of been nice. Oh, who cares. Just bring us another round of drinks.Anyhoo, come for the view. Enjoy some steaks. Dream of being in Paris. You're on vacation at Mon Ami Gabi.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, because of it's fantastic patio seating and views of the water show at the Bellagio. I've always got reservations here every time I visit Vegas, twice a year, or so.I had my first escargot experience here and it was pretty tasty. I'd definitely try it again. Their warm breads are pretty yummy, too. While their steak entrees are decently done (not too much of a fan of the potato strings, aka fries, that overload the plate), they have an immaculate French onion soup, with ooey gooey cheese bubbling all over the cup and then, there's this dessert...Thanksgiving of 2011, my family and I ordered off a special Thanksgiving menu they had created for the holiday weekend. They had a pumpkin bread pudding (and I'd never had bread pudding before), which I tried, and literally stood up out of my seat. It was THE SINGLE MOST BEST DESSERT I've ever had in MY LIFE. If that thing was on the regular menu, I'd be in Vegas monthly, or shipping it to my home in LA. So if you're there during Thanksgiving and see that very special menu item--ORDER it!
5	I think this has become my new favourite spot to eat in Vegas. From start to finish, the whole experience was 5 stars!I had made a reservation for 9pm, and we were advised that if we wanted a table outside (which we did) that there may be a wait. So we headed to the Paris about 40 minutes before our reservation time. I spoke to hostess and requested a table on the patio, and asked if we could try to get a table fairly up front and centered, so we'd have a good view of the Bellagio and the fountains. She said she would do her best. Half an hour later, we were being shown to our table by an incredibly friendly hostess who made conversation, and didn't just take us to our table like sheep. Our table was perfect! Right up front and dead center. We were able to people watch, and the fountains at the Bellagio really helped set the scene for a romantic dinner on our last night in Vegas. Our server was attentive, but not overly so. Knew the menu, knew the specials, and was able to make recommendations. Friendly but not in your face. Efficient but not cold. The food was perfect. We started with the onion soup and warm brie, both were gone within minutes. Be forewarned, however... the onion soup is not the onion soup you find at your average American restaurant. A nice big crouton, plenty of melted cheese, and that slight sweetness that you should have in a good onion soup. The brie was ridiculously good. Melted and gooey, drizzled with a peppered honey, and whole cloves of roasted garlic. The baguette they bring you to start is warm, crusty on the outside, soft on the inside, and the butter is soft and spreadable (HUGE brownie points for that!). We both went for the steak frittes: my partner getting the steak au poivre, with the peppered sauce, and I ended up getting the bourdelaise and the bernaise sauce on the side, because I couldn't decide which I wanted. Both were amazing, but I ended up pouring the light, slightly lemony bernaise on to my steak, which was perfectly rare and melt-in-your-mouth tender. The frittes were thin and cooked perfectly. We shared a side of ratatouille, that had incredible flavour and complemented the steaks perfectly. A perfect end to our trip.
3	Mon Ami is a solid value, food was priced right for the entree size and tasted great. I had a steak which was prepared well. Our reservation time was honored which always a good thing. Inside it can be a bit crowded and noisy but nothing out of hand. Beware - there are no reservations for patio seating so if you want a view plan to head over early and wait.
5	Patio for Sunday brunch, if you don't mind ignoring the traffic, very reasonable prices, the food was fine (it's not Joel Robuchon so don't get yer hopes up), the service was fine, the setting was outstanding.
4	First of all, it's in front of the Bellagio where you can watch the water show while dining. (Well if u're seated outside) I love the food. The waiter recommended a drink and it was delicious. Will def go back here next time I'm in Vegas.
4	My boyfriend and I love coming here on our special occasion nights. We love the service and the food, the food especially!Our most favorite starting appetizer is definitely the scallops. I'm really picky on my scallops and Mon Ami Gabi gets it just right. If I would order about five plates of scallops for appetizer, main course and dessert I really would! It comes in three cute little seashell molds and each one has two perfectly plump scallops hiding under a nice layer of cheese (I normally remove to save myself the added calories) and after a nice sprinkling of lemon juice, dive in! It came to the point we have to get our own portions because it's so good. Definitely a must try.I've had the bass (which was a special menu item, I believe) and the salmon (a regular menu item), and of the two the salmon is delicious! It's flaky and moist and it's just the right portion. The apple tarte...   What more can I say about this warm and cold and sweet luscious dessert. Well, we devoured it. Plain and simple. It was a nice ending to our meal. The only thing that kinda bothers me, is the seating. We were seated in the midst of groups and groups of people the last time we were here. On Valentine's day, however, we had a nice intimate two seat table away from every one else. That was nice. I would love it if we could get that kind of seating all the time, but availability gets in the way unfortunately.Other than that, I highly recommend coming here if you like French food, or just food in general. Much, much better than the Eiffel Tower Restaurant-- by a lot!On a side note, they also serve breakfast; which I am DYING to try!
5	Very fancy french restaurant food costly service was very good had waiters checking up constantly view is spectacular u get to see the bellagio water show if u ballon and with a lady check this great spot out
5	Not really French food, (at least for breakfast), but it was probably the tastiest place we ate in Vegas. Attentive service, great atmosphere. delicious food. We will definitely be back. It was Bastille day, so I wanted to eat something French!.  We had the smoked salmon eggs Benedict, yum. They could have put a little more smoked salmon on it. In Europe, they are very  generous with the smoked salmon. It would be nice if they offered a typical French breakfast combo of crisp- on- the outside croissant, fresh crisp baguette, jam, butter and a latte. Then I would really feel like I was back in France!
4	after checking into our hotel we made reservations to grab dinner at monamigabi at paris hotel.  we got there 30minutes early but they had outdoor seating available for us! (make reservations on YELP! or else prepare for a long wait)  lovely view of the bellagio water show and we got there at a perfect time to watch it happen in some sunlight & in the dark...best dining view ever.the good was....gluten free menu available with appetizer choices as well(real rarity i tell ya!) , complimentary gluten free bread with warm delicious olives!!!! (celiacs usually have to just stare at everyone at the table enjoin warm baguettes while drooling but this place is awesome regarding gluten free eaters!) and the scallops i ordered were seared to perfection! my goodness it was delicious and 5 meaty perfect sized scallops were surrounding a pile of ratatouille (I'm not a fan of ratatouille but it was alright)the bad was...our server was horrible...he had the worst attitude and was very unhelpful...he forgot our fries and acted like it wasn't a big deal but made a ginormous deal about bringing out complimentary fries 5minutes later.  we also never got refills on $4 sodas.  & one of the salmon salads we ordered came out with a inch long slightly wavy hair (u guess what that was) ill come back...didnt get glutened and loved the view!
5	This is my favorite steak house in Las Vegas, and although I cant say I have been to a ton of steak houses in Las Vegas, its mainly because I don't want to miss out on this place. Their food is amazing, I usually order the hanger steak with blue cheese. Just thinking about it is making me want to get back there! I definitely recommend the bananas foster for dessert, it is amazing! The warm bananas are folded in a crepe with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream!
4	Bacon grueyer burger.... drips grease till you finish it. My mouth just watered again. I wasn't a fan of their fries. Good price point for food, and ask to sit inside but kind where you can still see the fountains and you're good to go.
4	This place is a solid four stars. Hubs and I flew into Vegas in November 2010 and wanted to find some steak for dinner. He did some Yelp research while I did some primping in our sweet Penthouse bathroom at Mandalay (see that review for how we got a Penthouse), He chose Mon Ami Gabi and made a reservation through Open Table.We journeyed down the strip to Paris and found the restaurant right away (it's right next to the main entrance off the Strip). First impressions: kind of dark but elegant looking. With out late reservation, we weren't able to get patio seating, but we didn't have to wait too long. We got a few quick pulls off the slots before we were seated.Our table was in between two larger tables, with not much room in between. Reminds me of the close proximity of the tables at the Brewpub I worked at for many years. Kind of surprising with the "fanciness" of the place to be shoved into some little two top between two large tables. Not at all romantic. Not long after we sat down, a raucous group sat to the right of us and then an oddly quiet family of four sat to our left (you've seen them: they don't talk unless it's to the server...so weird).Our server was French, and extremely good at his job - although he had absolutely no sense of humor or personality. Maybe that's an American thing? To have a personilty? Not sure. The close proximity of the tables made his dignified shimmy between them borderline hilarious.We ordered a bottle of wine, an appetizer, and steaks. Everything was good. The steak wasn't outstanding, but it was still delicious. Expect Vegas prices!Overall, a great way to start the Vegas trip. I would suggest getting a patio table or request more private seating if you are looking for the romance of France.
5	We had an amazing experience at mon ami gabi.  We were there for dinner celebrating my husbands bday.  Upon arrival, we were seated right away.  Our waiter was very knowledgable about the menu items and was able to guide my husband through the steak choices.  My husband had the filet mignonette with the merlot sauce. I am not much of a steak eater but my husbands dinner was very well executed and tasted amazing.  I ordered the scallops and ratatouille...AWESOME!  I highly recommend this restaurant not only for the food but also for the great service and great price!
4	Very good. Stoked on this place. Great atmosphere and the food was delightful.
5	This was the first trip I took to Vegas in which I was celebrating a birthday for someone who means a whole lot to me (my boyfriend) and "going HAM" wasn't exactly the entire itinerary... since I know very little about Vegas eateries because all I do is party when I go to Vegas, I did the only thing I know to do in such situations...I Yelp'd... and found this lovely place in Paris. It was perhaps one of our top 5 most romantic dinners we have ever had, the place was so intimate and warm. We even got fancy and sipped on wine haha. Started off with the onion soup...it was rich and flavorful, the cheese melted in your mouth and the full flavor of onion in every bite would scare all the vampires away, or is that garlic? Whatever...I got the filet mignon merlot and boyfriend got the hangar steak. First bite of meat and I died...soooo soft and tender, I felt like there was no need for the knife. It was a beautifully crafted piece of meat. That night, Vegas showed me its sensual side, and presented me with this masterpiece at Mon Ami...Yes...I cheated on my boyfriend right in front of him and had no shame...  I love Yelp...
5	By far my best dining experience in Vegas, actually in a while. They definitely deserve all 5 stars for the service, food, appearance and everything.Service:We came here without reservations and were told we had an 1 and 30 minute wait so we figured we would walk around and catch the Fountains at Bellagio show. The hostess then told us to come back after 30 minutes and she would give us a buzzer. We see the show and come back only to have to wait for just 3 minutes. We asked them to sit us on the balcony and with only a side balcony table being opened they let us wait for the center table to to be cleaned without any issue! Our waitress had a very cheery attitude and recommended us dishes to try.Food:We started of with Duck confit and spinach with cranberries on the side and OMGoodness it was to die for! Like seriously the duck melted in my mouth! I ordered the steak with the caramelized onions and hand carved french fries and my bf had the seafood special. The food was well cooked and very filling.I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi for a nice dinner and will be back for more duck confit!
5	I love this restaurant! We went during the week so we didn't have to worry about long waits. We made a reservation anyway and got to sit at an awesome table facing the Bellagio fountains. Service was great--our server had a super thick french accent which could be difficult to understand, but at least he wasn't snobby in the least. Our order:Drink: Frangria 3 STARS. (sangria with rosemary) - rosemary was overwhelming, and the drink was incredibly sweet. It was okay but I wouldn't order it again.Appetizers:Country Pate: 5 STARS. I love pate. country pate, classic, terrines of all sorts. This one had a nice meaty texture to it, and I loved the bread and mustard it was served with. Would definitely order this again. They also have a chicken liver mousse on the menu that I want to try. Next time!Mixed salad with kale: 4 STARS. Can't remember too much about this salad, but it was good, from what I can recall.Mussels Mariniere (boyfriend's order): 5 STARS. The rest of the trip, we were talking about coming back to get more of these mussels!!! We ordered a half-order for $10.95 and they were big, tender, and that broth was AMAZING and perfectly seasoned. Best dish of the meal for sure! ***TIP: The resto gives you a loaf of bread at the beginning of the meal. SAVE IT FOR SOPPING UP THE BROTH. Too good.Bone-in Ribeye: 4 STARS: Perfectly seasoned and very well cooked, but excessively fatty (not marbled--we're talking chunks of fat). I also had a bit of gristle in mine but it wasn't much. The fries that come with the rib eye are SO GOOD. It's like a potato chip made babies with a french fry. crispy and tasty and awesome and they soak up the meat juice and become little crispy meat-juice carriers. My mouth is watering at the thought of it.Scallops with Ratatouille (boyfriend's order): 4 STARS. The scallops (order came with 4 or 5 large scallops) were perfectly cooked--tender and flavorful. The basil pairing was perfect. The ratatouiile was just okay according to him. Plate portion was on the smaller side, but the awesomeness of the scallops made that okay for him.We will definitely be back, especially for the pate and mussels. For the price and ambiance (especially if you can get a table overlooking the Bellagio fountains), it can't be beat!
3	I've been wanting to try out this place for awhile, and finally did during my last trip to Vegas. Maybe we just didn't order the right things, but my bf and I weren't that impressed.We came for brunch and ordered the Quiche Lorraine and the Corned Beef Hash. The quiche was cooked well, but it was too much of one thing and I couldn't finish it. I was expecting several small pieces of crispy bacon, but ended up with some big chunks of fat. I didn't try the corned beef hash, but my bf said it didn't taste the way he expected.Service was okay. Our waiter didn't check on us quite enough, but did his job. I expected a nicer atmosphere, but for some reason it didn't seem that nice. The place seemed too cramped and busy. Maybe it would've been different if we sat outside with a view of the Bellagio fountain.Overall, I wasn't that impressed by this place, but I'm willing to come back again to try out other dishes.
4	Views of the fountains and the people watching out of the patio are some of the best in Las Vegas.  The bread and the french fries were excellent, my steak was kind of on the chewy side.  The man dishing out the water was quick to refill, which was great as it was over 100 degrees the night we were there.  The waitress was trying to speak with a french accent, which got to be a little funny after a while.  Every once in a while she would forget altogether, which made it even funnier when she would go back to it.   We went on a Monday night around 8:30 and maybe only had a 10 min wait to sit on the patio.  Would have liked to try it for breakfast, but never got up that early.  Would go back
4	Been here on three occasions and always have enjoyed the ambiance and food.  The indoor dining can be pleasant and, if you're fortunate, you might even get views of the Bellagio fountains from inside.  The plus side of indoor dining is you can get a reservation. When the weather allows, the patio dining is the best but the wait can be long.The food is quite good and certainly adequate for the venue, but what makes this place is the setting and views.  We have had many items including fish, burgers, and steak.  Service has always been pleasant, attentive, and unassuming.
4	The plan was to have them for breakfast since we were told they were one of the best breakfast spots closest to The Cosmopolitan where we had been staying for the night. But after a night in Vegas, we started off a tad bit late and wound up giving Mon Ami Gabi a go for lunch. So, the drinking never stops in Vegas right? Okay, maybe those are words spoken by a borderline alcohol connoisseur, my group order a cask of Sangria, super yummy I might add and perfect pairing to the lunch that followed.My order consisted of the Warm Chicken & Brie sandwich that comes with hand-cut frites. I absolutely love caramelized onions so that was the first thing about this sandwich entree that caught my eye and my taste buds. I had been leery of the idea of there also being green apple on it as well, but to my surprise it paired well (I am obviously not well versed in pairing of foods, but I sure do love to eat them when they jive and put a smile on my face and a flutter in my belly).The service was excellent, our waiter always paid close attention to our table and was always right on queue when we were just about to pour our own refill of Sangria, quickly rushing over to take care of the small task for us. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here, and hope to come back and visit them for breakfast next time I'm in town.
5	3rd time at Mon Ami and we plan to be back.  Overall a very special place.  Classy, but not stuffy.  Very fair pricing in particular for Vegas.  Outstanding meals.  Very attentive, friendly, and professional staff.  Add to that a priceless view overlooking the Bellagio and fountains.   Main dining room is elegant, however go the distance and wait for seating in the pavilion to get the view that puts your romantic evening over the top.  Understand the place is a buzz with energy, so expect volume and chatter to go hand in hand with that.  It's not a quiet place, but you will be able to hear and hold conversation.    Strongly advise advance reservations.
5	Always loved the Chicago original, and nice to say they do a great job here, too. The food and drink and execution in the pretty bistro made for a couple nice occasions. Pre-show, had the Country Pate along with the Frites with some wine and champagne. Near enough to the theatre, we lounged for a half hour at the bar, had some witty banter with the bartender and enjoyed ourselves. The Pate hit the spot -- served with delicious mustard atop, with toast points, olives, cocktail onions etc. The Frites are, in fact, Flat! But very tasty -- not oily at all, and perfectly crisp. It took maybe 28 seconds for them to appear after ordered. Mmmmm.The next day, we returned for a light breakfast. Intelligentsia Coffee, so nice to see you. And the Market Berry Waffle worked great for me. Fresh berries alongside the crisp on the outside, soft on the inside waffles. I asked for the Whipped Cream on the side so I could monitor my indulgence! The real syrup was a nice component as well. I ordered a side of Poached Eggs, too, which helped fill me up more completely. The Bircher Muesli was outstanding -- and apparently not easy to make. If you're so inclined, go for it. The mimosa was a nice reminder of having a lazy Sunday. Loved also to sit inside but right near the outdoor deck. It's so airy and light out there; really the best of both worlds. And it's a marvel to occasionally see the tactical units circling round to insure the flow of traffic in and out works seamlessly.
5	Mon Ami Gabi was definitely the highlight meal of  Vegas for us.  I have lost count of how many people I recommended this restaurant to.We came here after a failed attempt to see the Eiffel tower due to inclement and we stopped here to grab a bite to eat.  They informed us that the wait was well over an hour long, but since we saw the great regards that were given here, we decided to wait.  She told us to come back after 30 minutes so we can receive a buzzer.  To kill time we caught the next show at the Bellagio Fountains across the street. We came back 30 minutes later, received the buzzer, and after walking 5 steps towards the casino, we were buzzed in.We sat outside, where during our meal which consisted of the most amazing Duck confit to start, steak for my girlfriend, and a seafood special for myself, we were able to witness numerous shows at the Bellagio fountain.A+++Cheers
4	I had this place bookmarked for good ambiance. We walked from the Flamingo our last morning in Vegas for a nice breakfast. We got seats right on the edge of the patio, so we could see the sidewalk and, across the street, the Bellagio. The fountains weren't running in the morning but it was still a nice view. And the people watching was excellent, as it is in Vegas! We had good service by our waiter, who brought things out quickly and was always nearby. I ordered steel cut oats, a bagel with cream cheese, and OJ. My friend got a breakfast crepe. She wasn't that impressed by it as she didn't like the sauce, but it wasn't bad. She said the coffee was amazing. My OJ was good, though small for the price. My oatmeal was great and so was the bagel. The oatmeal came with raisins, brown sugar, and half and half on the side, so I could make it up as I pleased. Price was comparable to other breakfast places we tried in Vegas, and quality was good. The view made it all worth the while. I only wish I could've had lunch here and seen the fountains!
5	I've walk pass this place so many time, and there is always so many people outside. I had always thought this place was $$$ until my boyfriend decided to take me here for brunch. At first, I thought we weren't going to get seats because the majority of the people here are waiting for the patio seats. (advice: come early to sit at the patio, worth the wait to enjoy yourself) Their brunch ranges from $5-$13. You must try their  quiche (oh Frenchy words), they are so fluffy and so darm goood!! The spinach/asparagus quiche I got was good. It woulf have been great if they had taken a bit off salt. Serivce: great! They refill your cup when they see you are out. They come around and asks 'if there's anything else I can get you?' Loved it.Oh!!! so they have a full bar, Mimosas, and a bloody Mary bar for customers to customize their OWN Mary's! I thought that was awesome. They start you off with a tall glass, with a shot of vodka, and you go make your own bloody Marys. Made my trip even betterWill I come back? most definitely!
4	My favorite is duck config with lentils, for breakfast my brioche toast was delicious.
4	Solid food and a great value considering the location and view.We were able to get a patio table dining late on Thursday July 19th (around 10:45) and only had to wait about 30 mins.  I even won about 100$ waiting for our table!!The food was good..not amazing best meal of my life good but still exceeded my expectation especially considering the price.Steak, salmon, whipped cauliflower, and the brie cheese appetizer were all shared at our table and all were consumed with little conversation .It did take a too long to get our check and while I wasn't expecting a genuine french server we had one that would have looked at more at home in a truck stop diner.   Overall though she was friendly and let us enjoy the view. I will definitely return in the future.
4	Monday morning brunch was lovely here on the patio. The fountains across the street weren't running, but we enjoyed the people watching. Service was very good. Food was good, but I appreciated that they allowed half orders at half the price. I wanted to try a few different things, and this feature helped! Bloody Mary was good and extra spicy! I would go here again.
4	It is strange that I don't have a review for them, and yet I have been here every year that I have had my Cosmoprof North America tradeshow for our annual girls night( a total of 7 times and counting) There are usually 7 to 10 of us lovely and we take a seat on the patio to people watch and enjoy a beverage ( or three) of sorts. The food is delicious! DELICIOUS! From the warm brie to the goat cheese to the steaks, to the pomme frittes, to the desserts. Sweet baby jesus you can't go wrong at this place. It seems that the drinks get stronger and stronger as the night progresses so w are usually fat, full, tired, and tipsy But no matter what, we always have a great time! See you next year ( if not sooner)
4	I've actually been to this restaurant a couple times before but it was during my pre-Yelp days so this is my first review.  I was directed to this joint from a local friend who told me that this was probably the best value on the strip.  After eating here for like the third time I would say that she is correct.The hottie and I went on a Sunday night and was surprised at how busy it was.  I started out with my usual french onion soup.  This is what french onion soup is about.  Not too salty but still rich in onion flavor.  I got the special of the day which was Beef Wellington.  The hottie decided to get a bowl of mussels.  First the mussels.  I can say, without a doubt, the BEST mussels I've ever had.  Mussels are usually overcooked so that they mussels shrivel up and are kinda chewy and rubbery.  Or somtimes they are gritty and sandy tasting.  These mussels were plump and juicy, exactly what mussels should be and on top of that the white wine sauce just hightened the flavor of the mussels.  Just awesome!  My beef wellington was also very good although the slice was a bit small considering I paid $36 for it.  Overall, just what I expected.  A quality meal at a very reasonable and affordable price.
5	After seeing the 8:00pm show of Absinthe nearby, Minh, and I were trying to decide what to have for dinner. We did not feel like having any of the usual that we tend to have while we are in town. Looking for something that sounded different and yet filling we came across this gem of a place to eat!The reviews were excellent and their menu selection was vast!Located inside of the Paris hotel, the wait was not too long for the two of us wanting to sit outside on the strip!Our table was perfect for us, we had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains, and it boasted great people watching too!Our server was sweet as pie, after we settled in, our water was poured and we were asked what we would like to drink. We ordered a couple of glasses of their Frangria. Which I highly recommend! Next, our server brought out a piping hot baguette along with some butter and pickled carrots. The server gave us plenty of time to look over their menu and answered any questions that we might have!I decided on getting:Roast Chicken and Frites - half chicken, bacon, mushrooms, pearl onions, and a side of whipped cauliflower.The roasted chicken was great, plenty of meat and it was tender and juicy without feeling greasy. I loved the thick pieces of bacon and mushrooms with garlic. The whipped cauliflower was a little salty but it tasted almost the way that I make it!!!! Plates here are huge; you could share with someone else! I would have loved to finish my plate but just couldn't, half way through the second piece of chicken and I was started to hit my oh no I'm almost full status!!I would love to come back and try their breakfast menu as I was eyeballing their pancakes and bacon!!A+++ for great service, food, and sitting us at an awesome table!
5	Food here is amazing - and for the Las Vegas strip prices are reasonable.   They have a full bar and a good wine list.  We loved their onion soup; mussels; steak; and their crepes for desert.  All in all the service was superb.  Great views of the Belagio Fountains.....and just in general watching the traffic and people walking by....Its a great place for either an enjoyable meal with friends or a romantic dinner out.
4	Came here for lunch with my girlfriends and it was such a great experience! The service is spectacular! Our waiter was such a joy to have! Extremely helpful and friendly.  We ordered the frites, brie & chicken sandwich, french onion soup, burgers, pate, kale salad, lobster roll, mussels... everything was delicious!
5	This was one of my two favorite meals in my 10 day stay in vegas.  The service was awesome, very attentive, but not imposing.  The food was very good.  Right amount of time.  We sat outside so we were able to watch the bellagio fountains.  We had the french toast and the chicken and brie sandwich.  I really like the french toast.  It wasn't too sweet or too bland.  It wasn't too soft or too hard.  It just melted in my mouth.  Just right.
4	07/03/2013: You just lost one star Gabi, my love for you is waning.  Our previous visit was great, my review for that dinner can be read below.  Having said that, this time was not as good because of a really lousy waiter, a short, stocky guy with a shaved head.  I saw other tables being waited on and their servers was outstanding (waiter #60 is amazing), we were just unlucky.  The dinner was very good, my only complaint is with the waiter who gave the impression that he didn't want to be there and was not interested in providing anything but minimal service.07/29/2012: Just outstanding!  Enjoy this restaurant at the entrance to Paris during your next visit to the Las Vegas strip, the prices are very reasonable, the food and service are outstanding.  Our waiter was from Wisconsin, I wish I could remember his name because he was wonderful, his attentiveness was unsurpassed.  We dropped in at about 8 PM on a Saturday evening and were seated inside promptly, there was a wait for outside seating where there is more activity/entertainment right on the strip, but inside was fine for my lovely wife and myself.  I believe the fillet Mignon I enjoyed that evening is the best I've ever had, and the Merlot sauce was to die for, unbelievably delicious.  The French do know how to cook there's just no doubt about it.
5	This place is amazing!!! My boyfriend and I went here for our ann. The service was excellent and the food was prepared to perfection! We made reservations asking for a window table and we were pleased when our request was given considering this establishment is quite busy! I highly suggest the baked scallops!!! Yum! This is by far one of my favorite locations for dining on the strip and it was not too bad in price! under $100 for an appetizer 2 entrees and a dessert!
5	Hands down the best Quiche I have ever had .. and I've eaten alot of quiche. it melts in  your mouth. Quiche Lorraine mmm. The restaurant is beautiful. Although certain spots were a little cramped.
5	Good food, great service, outstanding views! I've come here every time I've been to Vegas and have tried every possible meal from breakfast to a late dinner. The best time to enjoy Gabi's is at nighttime: the Bellagio fountains will be going off every 20 or so minutes, the Strip will be packed, and the patio cool and pleasant even in the summer months. However it can get crowded in the evening so if you want to sit outside be prepared to wait for 20 or so minutes and get a reservation in advance. I've come here with a friend once without reservations and was told there would be more than an hour wait to get a seat anywhere on a Saturday night. Since the restaurant is so versatile it's hard to recommend 1 or 2 dishes in particular so it's probably best to list the highlights by meal:Breakfast: Croque Madame or the Quiche Lorraine. Help yourself to some champagne too, it's VegasLunch: Chilled zapacho, Seafood Crepe, and the Trout Amandine are all great. On Friday they serve an Australian cod which is brilliantBrunch: Do yourself a favor and order a French 75. It's no longer on the menu but they make the best in town. Add in the Eggs Benedict and it'll rival Bouchon for the best French-themed brunch in Vegas.Dinner: The Seafood Platter is the best deal for an appetizer. 50 dollars for a whole lobster, oysters, tuna tartare, shrimp and even more. Follow that up with the Steak Bearnaise or Roquefort and finish up with profiteroles accompanied by cognac. Be careful: the calories will add up but it will have been well worth it.
4	Gave it a shot because of all the yelpers! Wasn't too busy in the morning, the outdoor seating was great. I had the egg benedict which was good, not astonishing. Overall it's a nice restaurant with very good service. Wish there was more food with the entree's though, but it had such a great view.
5	On this beautiful sunny day, we made our stop at this famed restaurant again.  I love everything about this restaurant!We had steak sandwich, great!We had smoked salmon open face sandwich, delish!We are home now, my kid still talk about their smoked salmon.  When I think about this restaurant, I think about white gossamer, elegant tea set, pink  petti-tutu, purple haze lavender... Such a romantic place!Mon Ami Gabi, I am forever ur fan!
5	We had a marvelous dinner last night. so before leaving Las Vegas, we made a stop for breakfast.  Words I have to describe Mon Ami Gabi are:  Attention to detail; excellent service; delectable food; and most of all, the atmosphere was spectacular!  I would highly recommend this gem!
5	What a great spot to have lunch! Right on the strip. Right across the Bellagio. Right at noon on a Saturday. = Water show for lunch.Service is just excellent!!! Food is excellent!!!I had the BLT with avocado and it was yummO! Hubby had the waffle and it was good! Crunchy, not too much batter. Fruits were fresh. They were great with kids too. They offered crayons and kept saying hi to my kid.So coming back here next time I come to Sin City.
3	Everyone from the hostess to the waiter were very friendly and chatty.  I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict.  The eggs were runny and the salmon was salty (just the way I like it).  I did not love the coffee though, but perhaps I am a pickier coffee drinker than others.Nothing special, but a good place to have brunch on the strip.
3	We went there because of the gluten free menu. It was good and I didn't get sick. However, it wasn't anything to ride home about. It was SUPER loud and the service was slow.
4	The french toast alone is worth the trip to the strip. The steak frites is not too shabby either!
5	Came here during the early afternoon on a whim to randomly just pick a place to eat while walking the strip. This place is always packed and I heard it was good. My bf and I took a dive in hopes it wouldn't been too long of a wait. Either we were lucky or we came at the right time, the waiting time wasn't long at all.Food is amazing and good. Service is good. Tight walking spaces though. Miss this place and definitely coming back when in town.
5	This review is a, "Can I get an AMEN and a THANK YOU BABY JESUS!"  type of review. First off, I was in Vegas for the weekend with a family of NINE! Nine people who all love each other, have fun and wanted to eat nearly every meal together. With that, Vegas can be a challenge! We spotted Mon Ami from the cab, did a quick yelp search - saw great reviews from James S, Alan K, and Randy B and knew they wouldn't lead me astray! After that I said a small prayer and called for reservations. Nine at 8:30, yes ma'am. The cabs on the strip parted and Celine Dion herself started singing!!Alas, my group tried every way possible to throw off Mon Ami, we called to tell them we were late, we all arrived separately, we had a baby in the group, 4 of us had to be out in time for a 10 pm showing of Jubilee...we laid it on!! Mon Ami responded with grace and a smile. Everyone had great food, heard wonderful things about the french onion soup, the trout, the salmon, the mussels and the salads. I personally had the roasted chicken with green beans and it was a plate of perfection. The beans had a nice snap, my chicken was moist (Lord I hate that word) and the skin was flavorful and crispy! I love this place and will be back! And yes, we made it just in time to catch the awesomeness that is Jubilee! Thank you Mon Ami Gabi!
5	Always fantastic! I just have to order the hash everytime I come because it's so damn good! The sangria is great too...and their service has always been excellent for me. Plus watching the people go by on LV Blvd is always fun too, and Lake Bellagio is right accross the street!
5	I am a big food snob and I know it. This restaurant delivers in both service, although a bit slow, and food. I highly suggest you give it a try. Ask for Isabelle, sit outside and enjoy. The chicken liver mousse is just divine! I also tried the gazpacho a friend had and found it perfect. For an entree I had the frisee salad with warm bacon and a poached egg on top. The entire dish was simply amazing, the egg perfectly poached and delish! My partner had the prime burger with brie, it was Cooked to perfection and tasty too. I hardly ever give 5 stars but this delightful restaurant surely deserves it!
4	went here for brunch a couple weekends ago. initially, they had sat our group on the patio at a table that had no umbrella. REALLY? the only table outside with no umbrella in 110+ heat? we immediately asked to be moved inside. luckily, they were very nice and accommodating, they moved us right away to a table inside. if you're eating here you have to have their steak frites! yumm. a nice long thin cut of steak served with herb butter and crispy pomme frites. They also have other topping such as a red wine reduction with carmelized onion... or bleu cheese... droolll. Since it was brunch I figured I should do something... brunchy. So i also ordered the blueberry french toast. This was also amazing.. fresh blueberry on top with blueberry syrup and a generous dollup of fresh whipped cream. I didn't think it was overly sweet, but then again I was pairing it with a steak so I guess it balances out. The service was great. Our waiter was very attentive and extra accommodating. Everyone is very friendly. Quick tip: there is a dress code.. men no tanks! they do give you a plain tee to wear though if you do forget!
4	We came here during my anniversary weekend. We made last minute dinner reservations and were pleasantly surprised by the dark, Parisian bistro type atmosphere. Coming with the breadbasket, they have a small dish of shaved carrot salad. I loved how different it was from the normal fare and enjoyed it immensely. As an entree, I had the cold seafood platter. It was plentifully packed with 2 types of shrimp, oysters, and a whole lobster. The lobster was plump and did not lose its flavor. The server introduced me to a great white wine. She didn't make me feel dumb for being a wine neophyte, which I liked. We enjoyed our time at Mon Ami Gabi. As is in Paris, we sat relatively close to other patrons, but that added to the ambience(and aided in people watching)
4	Went to Mon Ami Gabi for the first time for a friend's birthday.  Food is a little overpriced for taste, but proportion size is good (not too small).  If you are feeling bold, I recommend trying the chicken liver spread.  Their bread pudding and chocolate puffs are amazing!!  The restaurant manager, Michael, was gracious enough to comp our appetizers and desserts.  For a group of 9 women, each of us paid on average $35, which included tip.  Our group sat inside and it was busy and packed with people.  Atmosphere was relaxed, but service was great.
5	Melt in your mouth steak and mash potatoes worth every penny.
5	I love this place! I will definitely come here again if I ever return to Vegas. I cam here on a Wednesday morning with my mom. I heard about this place through Yelp. At first my mom did not want to come here, but we were so hungry we settled for this place. I had the strawberry waffle with a side of bacon while my mom had a market berry waffle with a side of bacon. I love every single thing about my order. The presentation of the waffles was so nice. Rather than serving a whole waffle, the chefs cut it up and arrange it in a beautiful way. The whipped cream came on the side. The waffle was so light and crispy. The bacon was amazing! It was thick, yet crispy. And there was a sweetness to it. My mom loved the bacon as well saying "I'd go there again just for the bacon!" This place is a bit pricey, but it was well worth it. I wouldn't have gotten full off of the waffle alone, so that side of bacon was necessary. The staff is very attentive as well.
4	Very pleasantly surprised by this place! Burnt out on buffets, we stopped here for breakfast before catching our flight home from Vegas. I found the menu to be extensive and unique, and also very reasonably priced. Our food was very delicious, the ambiance was great, the location in the Strip can't be beat, and the service was excellent. I look forward to coming back to this restaurant next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Mon Ami is all about location. We had an outside table looking directly at the Bellagio Fountains. That was nice and service was good.But, as for the prices you pay for the food... I've had better and definitely prefer the lower scale places. My $35 strip steak was no better than the $7 strip steak I make myself at home. The portions could be bigger but you are paying more for presentation than quantity.
2	I went to Mon Ami Gabi for my one yr anniversary. I was extremely disappointed. I specifically wrote on open table that it was my anniversary. There was no anniversary dessert at the end. When checking in, there was a sign that said "No T-shirt or no casual clothes" but EVERYONE there was wearing casual clothes! My husband and I were wearing proper dinner attire. The food was good, but not worth the price for it. You better just go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant if you want a classy dinner especially for special occasions.
5	I look forward to coming here each time I'm in Vegas.  Great food, good service and overall a great place to go for breakfast.  The real highlight would be the Bloody Mary Bar....not to be missed if you are here on a weekend!
3	Just a quick review.  The service was excellent, the wait was short (no reservations for a party of 8). The atmosphere was a bit dark (had it been dark outside the dimness of our table would have been ok).  I had the skate fish my brother in law had the seafood combo, my sister had the pate plate, and my nieces had mussels and salad. I also had the french onion soup. My skate fish was ok (thin and firmer than I had expected) but my brother in-laws dish was superb. The mussels were also really good.  It was nicer than expected considering it was in a tourist area.
2	This place is really cute and all, but I did not leave dinner feeling impressed. The steak was talked up before we came here and reviews said it wasn't bad either. I've had my share of amazing steaks and this was SO disappointing. It was $35 for the filet mignon au poivre and I would much rather have spent my money elsewhere. I could have paid ten more dollars and gotten myself a fantastic steak elsewhere.I ordered my steak medium rare and it was cooked okay. My biggest gripe: it was COVERED in sauce. All it said on the menu was that it came with creme fraiche (which it did) but it was swimming in sauce. It was so overpowering that it ruined the meal. Another girl at the table got the same thing and had the same feelings. Sauce was so overpowering. Good steaks don't really need anything other than a decent rub on the outside. I felt the meat was a bit low on flavor otherwise. You can sub the fries for mashed potatoes or another side for $1.95 more. The sangria was good. They say it can serve 4, but really, it can serve 5. We also tried the chicken liver mousse. It was okay, but nothing to write home about. Overall, it was a cute place, but that's pretty much it for me. It is on the cheaper side for Vegas considering the atmosphere, but if you are in the mood for steak, look elsewhere. That extra $10 will really get you something 100  times better. We also initially had reservations for 6, but had a last minute cancellation, and they still automatically added in the 18% gratuity that is for parties of 6 or more? Not cool.Note: Patio seating is on a first come, first serve basis. Reservations are only good for inside seating and your whole party must be present to be seated.
3	my boyfriend and i went to lunch on a weekday at around noon and it was pretty empty inside, which was surprising because every time i walked by it at dinner there was a wait.  i guess their dinner menu is better than their lunch menu, which proved to be true when we got our food.we got the escargot appetizer, steak sandwich and tuna melt with fries and homemade chips. it was not impressive at all. i mean, it was fine. but i don't like paying for food which i can only best describe as "fine." everything was bland. the portion size was pretty large but it's not that important when the food itself is so mediocre and you don't want to finish most of it anyway. i liked the atmosphere and the waitress was nice. and the restaurant is right next to my favorite ghost buster slot machine. but most likely i won't be back, at least not for lunch.
5	This is a wonderful restaurant... part of the "Lettuce Entertain You" group. The "cafe" on the strip is directly across form the Bellagio Fountains so the view is amazing... there is both inside and patio dining and a small bar. The bread is warm in a paper sleeve... Yum.... and the food is fantastic. The entree salads are really nice too. Love it...
4	Good place to go if you want reasonable food on the strip but don't want to spend too much. Notice it's on the upper range of the $$ range, so expect to spend ~$30/person.
5	When I went on vacation in Las Vegas, I had French toast for brunch in this restaurant. This is the best French toast I have ever had in my life. Thick bread with very delicious blueberry sauce (if I remember correctly). Wow, if I have a chance to go back, I will definitely not miss this restaurant. The service was very good. The patio is awesome!!! You can see Bellagio fountain dancing in every half an hour.
2	Not horrible, but you could have the same food in the coffee shop. Nothing special, not worth any wait.
5	Had breakfast here with the wife and kids at the end of a quick overnight stay.  Very fun, bistro type cafe.  You can sit inside or out.  The service was super.  Food delightful.  Wife had fresh berry pancake.  They are the thin large pancakes, not the traditional type.  They were lovely with a slight lemon taste to them with fresh berries and whipped cream.  Oldest daughter had the nutella waffle which was a disappointment, according to her.  She found them to be too hard and lacking enough nutella to actually classify them as nutella waffles.  Youngest daughter had what she called "the most amazing french toast of her life."  I took a bite or three and would have to agree.  I had a ham, cheese and egg crepe and found it to be a delightful change of pace.   I've had breakfast here four or five times and have never been disappointed.
4	Great outdoor patio to eat lunch or dinner.  I had the Duck confit....pretty well prepared with Cherries & Potatoes.  Tuna Melt is to die for...served with roasted veggies like artichokes, olives, red onions!   They also serve a great Fangria (French version of Sangria)  The only downfall is the bread they serve is sooooooo hard.  :-(
5	We dined here on Father's Day as a recommendation by the concierge, and I must say, it was good advice.  Situated directly across from the Bellagio Fountains, this restaurant offered a pleasant experience on a beautiful day, and we sat comfortably on the semi-outdoor patio despite the summer heat.The Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine was excellent.  The buttery taste of the salmon and egg contrasted very nicely with the capers.  Never before have I actually enjoyed eating the capers, so I would say that this was a good sign.The most notable dish ordered was the Seafood Crepe.  The seafood was amazingly fresh, a great feat for an inland barren desert, and it was all served in a rich, savory cream sauce which brought it all together.To top it off, we had a Strawberry and Lemon Sorbet, made from scratch.  The sweet berry naturally went well with the citrus, and it was a wonderful way to finish our lunch.Moreover, our waitress was attending culinary school to become a chef, so she really knew her stuff, not to mention the service was great.
3	--GeneralGreat place! The location is awesome, you get a perfect head-on view of the Bellagio which is a gorgeous view. Reservations may be hard to find, but if you manage to snag one for dinner then you can have water shows goin the whole time you eat.Classy, friendly, comfortable atmosphere. Definitely ask for patio seats, or at least in the back. Especially with weather in Vegas always being so sunny and warm.Price was manageable, especially if you consider the fact that you're on the strip.--FoodThe food is good. We went for brunch and I got the Eggs Benedict. I've definitely had better, but it was still a great meal. Their steak frites seem to be the most popular dish, so if I came back I would definitely try those.
4	My husband and I were looking for a hearty breakfast that would help us recover from the night before. Mon Ami Gabi was within walking distance of the Aria, which is where we were staying. We got there around 7:45am and they were just starting to set up the tables on the patio. Considering we were going to be at the pool all day, I didn't mind sitting inside.Everything on the menu looked so delicious. I decided to get the French Toast with a side of crispy bacon. The French Toast was topped with blueberries, blueberry syrup, and fresh whipped cream. It was sooo delicious! The portions were pretty big, so I gave the other piece to my husband. He agreed that I ordered the better dish. He was trying to be all healthy and what not by getting the Turkey & Egg White Omelette. Lesson learned. The bacon was good, but could have been a little crispier in IMO.The service was great. We were in and out within an hour. I just found out there is a Mon Ami Gabi in the DC area, so I will definitely be checking it out!
5	So good!!! I'm in love eith the mussels and the steak frites!  Gonna keep coming back every time I go to Vegas for sure...make sure you make a reservation though because it gets pretty busy
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas because the quality and type of food they serve is comparable to what I ate when I went to Paris. I like their escargot - garlicky and simple, cooked the correct way as the French would.  Great steak frites - I like mine cooked medium rare.  It is a thin piece of steak and it's buttery and comes with frites which are very crispy (please don't ask for steak sauce!!!).  Warm Brie cheese - creamy and is perfect with their warm baguette. Croque Monsieur - the presentation is a bit different.  Instead of egg or melted cheese on top, theirs is cheese on top but it's not melted and the whole sandwich itself is lacking creaminess and it comes with frites as well but it's quite alright. You can't go to a French restaurant without having chocolate mousse and profiteroles.  The chocolate mousse is semi-sweet so it's bitter and a bit sweet - the perfect chocolate!  It's smooth as silk and melts in your mouth.  You have to trust this chocoholic!  The profiteroles are cream puffs with vanilla ice cream drizzled in chocolate fudge sauce.  That's a pretty graphic description so I don't think an explanation is necessary.They're always and I mean ALWAYS busy.  Be smart and reserve a table at least 24 hours ahead.  Their patio has an excellent view of Bellagio's fountain show.  Think date night.Service has been consistently good no matter how busy they are.  I always leave Mon Ami happy.
4	Stopped by for brunch. Beautiful view of the strip. Perfect place to people watch. There's always a long wait, so try to grab a reservation before you arrive. I'm not a huge fan of Bloody Marys, but they have a cute Bloody Mary bar. I enjoyed their Mimosa though! :)I'm not the usual to adventure out and too many exotic foods at once, but we had some escargot and liver. They were delicious but not exactly my cup of tea. The quiche was good. The sauce they used to pair with their chicken crepe is creamy and very soothing.
3	I'll put 3 1/2....Definite fan of the seafood and ambiance. The roasted chicken was amazing, very moist and generous amount. The steak Bearnaise was less than I expected, way too much pepper and not enough steak.  Escargot was perfect, scallops gratin was good, but the scallops were too small (cut in half for those who can tell) Service was great, very nice and generous. We were also served a complimentary dish from the chef. All in all, come here if you are looking for an intimate meal, great seafood, and wonderful service...but not for steak.
5	Went here for breakfast one early morning and had a great mimosa along with a wonderful breakfast and great views of the strip!  The 5 Star rating speaks more the to wonderful time (including the food and service) and over-all experience rather than just the food.
2	$$$ Expensive!  I ordered the steak on my first visit.  The steak is small and the french fries taste fries from a can.  Besides, they put the steak on the top of the fries which soaked all the grease from the steak.  It made the taste bad.  I ordered a chicken on my second visit but the chicken was too dry.  The only dish that I liked was the French onion soup.
4	This is an ideal place to eat dinner at a fancy place without feeling the need to be in a suit and tie. Reservations only apply for indoor seating, if you want an outdoor seat you'll have to wait.Mon Ami Gabi was a very enjoyable dining experience. From the moment we were seated, our server with the most welcoming smile, made sure we were tended to throughout the evening.To start, we had a complimentary rice/pea salad along with their bread and butter. For apps, we tried their escargot which was utterly garlicky and delicious. Don't forget to use the little bread you have left to dip it into the left over sauce after eating the escargot. I think this came with six pieces.I got their steak bernaise. The cut of this steak is thin but it is surprisingly filling. This steak came with a bernaise sauce that you can't stop dipping it in. Each of their steaks come with frites. They were unlike any frites I have ever had... very thinly cut... a cross between hash browns and the end pieces of McDonald's fries. I can't say I was wild for them, but if you like crunch, these will certainly hit the spot. I also got an order of their mac and cheese which was a decent portion for a side. It was a little TOO cheesy for my taste but then again, I was starting to come down with a sore throat so that could be it.I will definitely plan a visit here again next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Outstanding restaurant!! Great views of the Bellagio fountains and climate control was flawless. FOOD- Filet Mignon was perfect. Just absolutely enjoyed our dishes and wine. Tried some great soup. Overall, I will come back to this restaurant and dine with my wife. Kudos to Mon Ami Gabi!
5	Every time we go Vegas, this is probably the one restaurant that automatically makes our list of restaurants to go.  It's never a matter of IF we come but WHEN!  So we always like to come for breakfast and sit out under the covered patio.  And we've never been disappointed coming here therefore I believe they deserve 5 stars.  Amazing food, great service, and beautiful ambiance.  The only thing is there's usually a wait, which isn't so great but they can't help that for being so good.  Everyone is generally friendly, except for some of the hostesses but I guess they're just grouchy from being so busy.  Anyways, let's get to the best part...the food!  I've been here so many times but here's what I remember from my most recent trip:French Toast = AWSOME! They have some of the best french toast around.  They used to have more flavors like bananas foster but now it's just blueberry but still great!Chicken Brie and Apple crepe = Awesome! Yep this was also a winner. Their cream sauce is delicious and the crepe is so soft and flavorful. Great combination of flavors!Corned Beef Hash = Mmmm! Yep this was also delicious!  They had big flakes of corned beef and flavored it to perfection.Salmon and Quinoa = Yumm!  Again, delicious.  However, my mom doesn't like farm raised salmon but they said they get more consistent quality with farm raised over wild.  I was surprised she orded it anyways.  Chicken Sausage:  This was a side order but boy was it tasty!  They were kind of small but very very flavorful.  So basically...I can't wait to come back!
4	Mon Ami Gabi perhaps won't win an award for some of the best food you'll ever have and half the menu items can be a bit pricey.  However, it is an overall solid restaurant on the Vegas strip that will get you good food for a relatively good price with a great view.  We made a reservation beforehand easily on OpenTable and seated pretty quickly.  Service was relatively friendly (note you're going to need a shirt and shoes I believe) although it took a while for the food to come out interestingly enough.  Make sure to try to either get a patio seat or if it's too hot, the room right by the patio that will still give you an open view of the Bellagio across the street.  This room not only will keep you very cool but you'll get a great sight of the awesome Bellagio fountains while you're eating without having to stand and watch.  Food-wise, they have a brunch menu that is relatively cheap along with a regular menu filled with a lot of different items from crepes to steaks (it can get pricey depending on what you get).  I had the seafood crepe for about $16 and although it wasn't the best crepe I've ever had, the sauce and the fresh-tasting shrimps/scallops were solid along with a cranberry juice (they had a full drink bar/menu of a lot of items).  So again, if you're in Vegas and want a solid, consistent place with a great view, you can't really go too wrong with Mon Ami Gabi.
3	Pretty good food at this restaurant, but was disappointed by the service.I ordered the corned beef & hash and thought it was quite delicious.  Lot of places I know will have the corned beef that's dried out like crazy; however, this place was pretty solid and it tasted goooooood, especially after a nice long weekend of Vegas golf, gambling, and girls.  Okay, let's face it, not so much on the girls part.  Oh yeah, friends ordered other stuff and the frites (fancy name for fries!) was surprising tasty.  Not like McDonald's tasty, but the shapes (flat and thin!) made them enjoyable.Service was a little poor.  What do you expect in Vegas, right?  Friend who missed a 2-foot putt for the win on Sunday's event pulled his chair in a little closer while we all were sitting on the patio and he got stabbed by a protruding nail.  Stuff happens and blood is shed.  The GM was quick to provide band-aids, ointment, etc... BUT the server thought it was a good idea to hammer the nail back so that no one else gets hurt...BUT MY FRIEND WAS STILL SITTING IN THE CHAIR.  I mean, weird situation, but weird fix to it.  Why wouldn't you just remove the chair and get him a new chair?Loved the patio facing the strip and cold air circulating around despite the scorching day.I'll probably come here again bc patio is great, but will be wearing gloves ;)dmo out.
1	It was awful. We had reserved a table, inside according to the confirmation, but when we arrived at the restaurant they said that the table will be 30 mins late. It was raining outside so they had to use inside tables for all guests. We waited for an 1 hour with no kind of response from the restaurant. We talked to them again then they said that the reservation was for an outside table and they will not be able to accomodate us if the rain doesnt not stop. They could have told us that from the beginning, then we could have decided by ourselves if it wasvworth waiting for the rain to stop or not...
5	Steak Frites was incredible as usual. Scallops were just perfectly cooked and deliciously sauced. Desserts...were off the hook! Creme brulee, berries, ice creams and chocolate cake...YUM!
5	Everything was delicious for the breakfast we ate here and they were very accommodating for our ten month old baby.  He even got to enjoy their delicious yogurt parfait on their relaxing patio :)
3	The food was decent but overall seemed a bit heavy. The ham and cheese crepe was heavy on the mustard and it sort of overpowered the dish. Same goes for the mussels which had a very heavy creamy butter sauce. The chicken and brie sandwich was very rich as well. Service and ambiance were fine for us. The staff were attentive and the food came out fast.Ham and Cheese Crepe with Cornichons and Dijon Mustard Mussels Mariniere White Wine and herbs served with fries Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich, Caramelized Onions and Green AppleCheeseburger with Egg Maine Lobster Roll on Toasted Brioche Roll Frisee, Kale, and Warm Bacon Salad  with Soft Poached Egg
3	The food was decent but overall seemed a bit heavy. The ham and cheese crepe was heavy on the mustard and it sort of overpowered the dish. Same goes for the mussels which had a very heavy creamy butter sauce. The chicken and brie sandwich was very rich as well. Service and ambiance were fine for us. The staff were attentive and the food came out fast.Ham and Cheese Crepe with Cornichons and Dijon Mustard Mussels Mariniere White Wine and herbs served with fries Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich, Caramelized Onions and Green AppleCheeseburger with Egg Maine Lobster Roll on Toasted Brioche Roll Frisee, Kale, and Warm Bacon Salad with Soft Poached Egg
4	I've heard so many good things about this place that I had to come see what all the jazz was about. I'm so happy to say that everyone was absolutely right! This place IS amazing! I don't have many comments on the restaurant itself other than it's nice to sit outside with the light water spray (?) to keep you cool. I ordered the Seafood Crepe. If you like seafood, you can't go wrong with this dish!! SO DELICIOUS. Probably the best crepe I've ever had. The crepe is filled with a white seafood wine cream (i made that up, but that's what it tasted like to me!) with green peas and topped with jumbo shrimp and scallop. You might find it a little salty, but I like salty so no problems there! It's so filling! But I finished it because my mouth just couldn't stop..I also ordered the frites since everyone kept raving about them. If you know me, then you know I have this unhealthy (really unhealthy) relationship with fries. I LOVE FRIES. And I didn't like theres. I'm usually the one to say I always like the crappy ends of the fries, like the fries you find at the bottom of the basket, but this was a literally a basket full of it. It was like thin potato skins really. Meh, I like thin but I still need some potato! Still, I cannot wait to go back to try the rest of the menu!!
3	I planned dinner here with a group of 10 girls for my bachelorette party based on AMAZING experience and great quality food over the last years I've been going here. Unfortunately, this time was not as great and this rating is solely on this weekend's experience. Service was horrendous and that was probably b/c we got a crappy waitress. She was not around when we needed her to fill waters, ask for extra plates, and check up on us.  She was very pushy for us to order dessert and throughout the whole time did not really smile and was not friendly. While some people enjoyed their meals, one of my friends ordered salmon and though cooked correctly, the quality was not great.  In addition, I ordered my filet medium and it came out medium well and dried.  I found myself chewing on the steak when really it should melt in my mouth. I may come here again because this was the first time of 20 times that things did not fare well.  But, my next visit to Vegas, I will also consider seeking other steakhouse first.
3	A French inspired "steakhouse" right in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. We celebrated a birthday meal here looking for something a little different than your typical Vegas restaurant/buffet. It was an enjoyable meal, although not all that memorable.We sat down after a long day of traveling and adjusting to the desert heat of Vegas in August and were all pretty famished. Only problem is, after sitting and staring at the menu for probably a good half hour, nobody could decide what sounded good. We couldn't even figure out what we wanted to drink! It's not that the menu didn't have enough variety or options to meet our needs, it was just sort of...uninspiring.After finally placing our order, I ended up with a bowl of the French Onion Soup and the special of the day, braised short ribs served over mashed potatoes with a spicy sauce. The soup was pretty good, served the traditional way in a crock with baguette slices and an overdose of delicious cheese. It was a little sweet for my taste and serve sort of lukewarm (which I think may have been intentional since it was 115 degrees outside...but I still think I would have preferred it hot). The short ribs were good, very tender and the portion size was just right. I could have used some more spice in the dish, although I realize spice to the level that I like spice isn't all that common in French cooking.All in all this is a pretty good choice if you're looking for dinner around the Paris hotel. The atmosphere is pleasant (especially if you can get one of the patio tables with a view of the Bellagio fountains) and the food is pretty good and relatively reasonable for its type and location.
3	The food was pretty good; service unfortunately was not as satisfactory.  We arrived at 8:28 pm for an 8:30 reservation.  The hostess snottily told us that she would seat us closer to our reservation time and handed us a beeper.  Two minutes later it went off, and we were seated.  We were a bit taken aback by this, and there were several other similar incidents.  I'm not sure where the haughty attitude comes from.The restaurant has an extensive gluten-free menu, which was a real plus for my friend.  The entire table shared the gluten free smoked salmon appetizer, and it was quite good, including the bread.I had the filet mignon merlot with a side of mashed potatoes.  The steak was cooked perfectly, and the sauce is really exceptional.  I kept eating the potatoes even after feeling full just to finish the sauce.Overall, a decent experience due to the food.
4	it's Vegas, it's on The Strip, so obviously it's going to be super super SUPER crowded. If you're coming here, you better make reservations!!Came for dinner on a Saturday night (made reservations at 6pm) and they seated us right away. Service was fantastic, never had to ask for a refill.Ordered:Butter Lettuce & Arugula SaladSteak ClassiqueSalmon and Quinoa (OMGOMG, LOVE AT 1ST TASTE)OH MY BLOODY HELL, the salmon and quinoa dish was so so so good. I was so full, but I didn't want the party in my mouth to stop. I'm a BIG seafood person, so I know what good fish tastes like, and let me tell you, this piece of salmon was delicious and cooked to perfection!The steak was a bit on the bland side; could have used more salt, but it was a good and large-sized piece of meat and it came with a mountain of fries! The taste was nothing special, just your typical meat and fries.
5	This place was absolutely fantastic! The waiters are attentive but not in your face and the food was delicious. I would highly recommend the baked goat cheese and the Spinach and Asparagus Quiche
4	I went for breakfast and I loved the food. I had eggs florentine with a side of bacon, everything was delicious. My friend ordered the mac and cheese which I got to sample, which was not a breakfast item but they made it for her anyway - cool. Good food, the service was not the best.... I asked for ketchup and tabasco and my food got cold that's how long I waited - bummer. but I would go back.
4	Food was good, service was good, the only thing that pissed me off was that apparently they have their own definition of the word reservation so I still had to wait in line and then wait another 20 mins to get there. My fillet mignon was very good and bread pudding for dessert was totally amazing!  Server was very nice and attentive!
5	Delicious breakfast! Very filling, I was full all day! I haven't had the opportunity to eat lunch/dinner there but I will next time. Breakfast was so spectacular that dinner must be just as wonderful. Besides, if you drive by it's always packed which is another obvious indicator that the food is great.On a side note, my father is VERY picky and wasn't too thrilled that I made reservations at a French restaurant (he has issues with trying new foods), but he LOVED it, so if you have picky eaters in your family don't worry!
4	Great food and atmosphere at a great price.  Right on the strip.  This is a great place to eat in Vegas.  I almost wanted to spluge on one of those ultra nice restaurants, but decided to be modest, and glad I did.The steak au poivre, medium rare, was excellent.  We got the duck confit appetizer, and that was very good.  The frites are a nice side.The waiter was one of the nicest, informative, and mindful I've ever had.I wish I had a bigger stomach, but I couldn't even down the steak and frites.  That meant no dessert unfortunately.  But why complain that the portions are too big?
4	Best Brie Burger I have ever had!Came here in December for a quick lunch before our drive back to LA. We sat outside even though it was freezing but didn't notice it because of the heat lamps! I ordered the the brie burger and had verrrry high expectations because I was told this would be the best burger I had ever tried! Well, I was impressed! It was awesome, the meat was cooked perfectly and the brie was delish on the burger with the toasty bread! The fries were a little weird. They were the thin cut kind-- i'm not really a fan. Can't wait to head back to Sin City just for this treasure!
5	yummy steak & fries!!!
5	Oh my gosh! It's not often that I can find a restaurant that passes for an authentic French restaurant, but this place does! Everything from the cuisine and waiter to the ambiance. The demi baguette served with our drinks was hot and fresh, and our entrees were cooked to perfection (I had salmon; my husband had lamb chops w/ratatouille). We were so impressed. We didn't secure the patio view of the Bellagio fountains, but the inside by the windows was lovely. And the waiter spoke French with me! I'm so thrilled we came here.
5	Went there for my birthday. Service was Amazing, Food was phenomenal, champagne was delightful. Overall, my favorite French restaurant.
4	What a great little French bistro at the Paris hotel. The Frangria, French sangria, is amazing on a hot day down on the strip. Gotta try the French onion soup and steak-frites , they are totally unique and delicious! Check it out today.
5	My god, I hate breakfast but my brunch here let me see why Mon Ami Gabi is always packed with people!Reservations are recommended, but patio seating is first-come, first-served. After all, with views of the Bellagio water show underneath a shaded area (much needed for the 100+ degree summer heat), who wouldn't enjoy a delicious brunch while people watching? Mon Ami Gabi makes you feel like you're sitting in a Paris street-side cafe, enjoying a nice cappucchino and the breakfast dish you most fancy: smoked salmon eggs benedict, omelets, savory crepes, waffles. French toast... You can taste the freshness in all their egg plates. Everything is just light and delicious - Brunch the RIGHT way... the way it's supposed to be!The only downside is the service. Other than the greeters at the door, the waitstaff was horrible. No smiles and requests for items took forever. Our server was the most stone-faced, monotonous woman out of them all so I didn't feel bad reducing her tip. Hey, you earn what you put out, and no one should pay for someone to treat them poorly during a nice meal!
3	The service was amazing, the decor was great as well as the view on the patio but the food did not meet my expectations. I was in a party of 7, and we came here for a late lunch. We did not have any reservations, but they were able to seat us within 5 minutes. Our server offered us bread and whipped butter. The bread was really hard, but hot and the butter made everything taste better! My friend and I split a caesar salad along with steak bordelaise and I was pretty much in disbelief when the salad came out. It's a very, very, very small serving for $10. It tasted fine, you can't go wrong with caesar salad. When I got the steak bordelaise I was also disappointed. There was barely any color on the plate besides brown, and branch of some leaf they put on the plate. It did not look appetizing, nor was the steak good. It was hard and the only thing good about the dish was the caramelized onions. The fries weren't that amazing either. I really wish they would pair their steak frites up with veggies instead of just an enormous serving of fries. Other people in our party ordered the natural chicken paillard, chicken broccoli and cheese crepe, grilled salmon and spinach salad, a cheeseburger and chicken and brie sandwich. The best dishes out of those would be the chicken, broccoli and cheese crepe along with the grilled salmon salad. Not sure if I would be back, I expected it the food to be a little better considering that it is a french restaurant with prices on the higher end, but it was a good experience.
2	I was recommended this place by a friend knowing I was going to Las Vegas. The view was nice since it was across the street from the Bellagio and you can see the water show as a lot of reivewers were saying, this place was always packed every time I passed it on the strip. We were seated right away because of reservations, you def want to get a reservation if you don' t wait more than an hour. We sat inside only because I feel it's not very clean being outside, don't want random bugs in my food, or rain. We ordered the Bone-In Ribeye. Medium. Both of us, it comes with these flat crispy fries. I was in a a hoodie and jean shorts, and my husband was in a tshirt and khakis, we felt a little under dressed but no one said anything, there were others who had casual clothes on too, but it would be a nice place to dress up to also. My Ribeye tasted like a sirloin. I wanted medium but it tasted like medium well done. It was hard and grimy. I didn't like it. The fries were ok,  I was too embarrassed to ask for ketchup. hahah. First time here, I'm not sure what else I'd order next time if I ever came back, Maybe try breakfast, I just thought this was an ok place to go. I'm a meat eater so everything else on the menu I didn't care for. I had an overpriced steak for sure. Even texas road house steak tasted better. So much for $40 steak.
3	All three of us had the chicken and brie sandwhich- I'd give it 3.5 stars. Onion soup was very good but overly salty, so 3.5 for that as well. Very nice ambiance. Service was super slow, however, and cocktails were a bit weak. So three stars instead of four, but still worth visiting.
5	Second time here - this time with the Wife and Son. The wait for an awesome outside table (actually on the border of the inside dining room and outside patio) was terrific - great people watching spot and view of the Bellagio fountain. Great service, company and food was on target - the waiter let the wife order off the lunch menu, I had steak and frites and son had the scallops - all fantastic.
3	Mon Ami Gabi in LV came highly recommended, so I waited - hungry - for over an hour just to try it.  The line just to put your name on the waiting list was 20 min.  Once we put our name down, we were told to come back in an hour.My sister and I were seated at a table that was half inside, half on the patio (if that makes sense?).  This caused the AC from the inside to constantly blow in my face, as if I were standing infront of a fan my entire dining experience.  Considering how long we had to wait for the table, I endured the mild unpleasantness.  Also, there is no bathroom in the restaurant.  If you need to use the facilities, you must walk through the packed restaurant, enter the casino and wait in line (only 4 stalls servicing the restaurant and part of the casino).  I ordered the steak bourdelais, which came highly recommended.  My sister ordered the steak roquefort.  We were starving at that point and scarfed down the baguette and butter and even the overly lemony orzo that tasted like that time I accidentally got lysol in my mouth (don't ask...)I guess the steak was too hyped up, I found it too sweet.  My sister's was fantastic (we shared, as twins often do).  I didn't like the frites and have had better ones at chain restaurants.  I guess I expected better for such a long wait, but it was pretty good.
4	BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOASTBLUEBERRY FRENCH TOASTBLUEBERRY FRENCH TOASTBLUEBERRY FRENCH TOASTBLUEBERRY FRENCH TOASTCome here for this and only this!! I've been here twice and have found that everything else pales in comparison to the BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST. I asked the waiter how they make it taste so good and he said "I'll have our chef send you the recipe!" I thought he was kidding but he wasn't! Filled out a form and I just got the chef's email yesterday with this recipe.  I thought that was pretty awesome! Oh and the view is great too...But remember, order the BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST
5	I just really really really like this restaurant. you can't beat the ambiance, the service and the food - the prices are a steal, compared to the rest of vegas! It's just such a great place to go with your girlfriends, your boyfriend or your mom :) haha highly recommended for dinner!
5	Came here with group of my gfs during one weekend for a bachelorette party. I ordered the "Hanger Steak", it was the butcher's cut with merlot butter. So good. It also came with some signature hand cut frites. Nice and crunchy just how i like it. The Garlic Spinach and the Sauteed Mushrooms were great compliments to the steak.Service was excellent. There was always someone around ready to fill up our glass. My friend had her french onion soup taken away prematurely during the first course plate clean up and the waiters were so nice about replacing it. The quick service made the experience quite nice.
3	Came here because of all the great reviews.  Ordered the fresh oysters and French onion soup which was good. The steaks however (filet mignon and beef Wellington) wasn't that good. The steak was chewy and the sauce for the Wellington was too sour.  The sauce also made the pastry really soggy.  Service was ok. Not sure if I'd be back.
5	Best Eggs Benedict EVERRRRRRRR, house made fresh english muffins and talk about atmosphere, sitting outside in of the Bellagio fountain, PERFECTION.
4	A very nice dining experience.  Mon Ami Gabi is a restaurant I have visited a handful of times over the years, and actually a place I would visit even if staying at a different hotel not adjacent to Paris.  It has a very 'authentic' bistro feel to it, and a nice menu overall.  The menu is steak-hevay, but there are a few other assorted items- this past visit I had a very nice sole special.  Appetizers are nice- in particular the baked goat cheese in tomato sauce, the escargot, and the onion soup.  I'll be back for sure.
4	This place was delicious! Definitely one of my new favorite spots in Vegas! It's located in Paris and there's a patio on the strip.We ordered Escargot, the Salmon appetizer, Salmon Spinach Salad, some egg pie thing, Muscles, and a Bacon Cheeseburger with fries. Escargot was on point! Great sauce they used for that. The Salmon appetizer was to die for! The Salmon Spinach Salad was amazing! They definitely were not greedy with the size of the salmon either. The Muscles were awesome, and the sauce on it went perfect for the free bread they give you in the beginning. The Bacon Cheeseburger was huge! And the french fries with it were different but delicious!The only downer was that the Bloody Mary Bar is only on Sundays and they didn't have Oysters because they were doing construction on their Oyster Bar.
4	delicious!!
4	Directly across from the Bellagio.It was a perfect spot for our anniversary dinner.This was definitely a highlight of our Las Vegas trip. So relaxing to have a nice dinner. Fancy yet casual ambiance.Indoor/ outdoor feel on the patio was a perfect mix of AC with a view of the bellagio fountains.The steak frites was a huge portion. Steak was cooked perfectly. Juicy and tender. The peppercorn steak was very good. The blue cheese onion was good too, but almost masked the wonderful  flavor of the steak. I'd choose a lighter sauce next time. Fries are skinny crispy yummy.Fun location to people watch too!
3	Food is good but a little pricey for the quality.  The best part of the restaurant is enjoying your meal on the patio watching the fountains and people go by.
5	Absolutely wonderful!  Service was brilliant and kept our glasses full on this hot day!  I had the chicken and Brie sandwich with carmelized onions!  Very wonderful along with their fries!  Hubby thought the fries were a little too salty (but ate every one!) for me they were perfect.  He had a bacon burger cooked medium!  Again perfect!  I would totally recommend Gabis!
5	The rib eye steak was delicious! Love the crispy frites as well. Also like the fact that they have kids meals at very reasonable prices. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves a good steak!
4	45 minute wait for patio seating was worth it. Went during lunch and the food was fantastic. The patio has a view of the fountains at tha bellagio.
5	This is a beautiful restaurant in a wonderful location on the Strip. I would come back to this place every single time I visit Las Vegas.This place is perfect for dates, but also for business meetings. There are 3 reasons to visit this restaurant:- Amazing views of the Bellagio fountain- Romantic outdoor/slightly indoor open seating. Mix of A/C and hot air is refreshing. Just a perfect, romantic ambiance. They really try to mimic eating in Paris- Escargo (snail) dish. Every single restaurant that serves snail, I will order. (There's not many). I love the large amount of pesto and butter/oil they put on the snails, but just IMO add a little bit more salt, ask for some lemon, then it's perfect. Don't be scared to ask for more bread too. The food is definitely pricy but worth it ! I came during lunch hours, so it wasn't crowded and they were very efficient in serving and accommodating your preferences, whatever it is. All the dishes were served with positive attitude and a wonderful aesthetic. Thankfully the taste is just as great, if not better, than it looks. Just order anything, because there is no sub-par or bad food here. Not many times you remember for the rest of your life what a great lunch you had. But eating here was definitely one of the times in my life when I really remember having a great lunch. Maybe it depends who you bring with you to lunch, I guess. But I think either way, you wouldn't forget eating here even if you were by yourself.
4	This place doesn't have over 2000 reviews and 4 stars for no reason.  Service is great.  Food is great and location is wonderful.  Very romantic and enjoyable dinner was had here!
3	Expensive. They told us that if one person of our party of six didn't come by ten minutes after our reservation, we would lose our reservation. It was stupid because he told us what he wanted to order too! I don't really understand why we couldn't be seated? Anyways, he made it so we got seated outside.I would definitely recommend getting seated outside. It was super nice and relaxing rather than the really fancy place inside... My friend and I split the sea bass, which was a special and it was okay. I wouldn't recommend it and it was over $30.I DEFINITELY would recommend the french onion soup. That is why I am giving this place a 3 star WITH the view from outdoors and the ability to people watch (I mean it is Vegas after all....)
5	We had a great meal here. 7 o'clock reservations prior to a Cirque show. We were seated right next to the outside seating area-- so we had a good view of the Bellagio fountains even though we were indoors.I thought the prices were very reasonable for the strip. I had the Frangria (their take on Sangria) which was a deal at only $5 per glass. My husband and I split the butter lettuce and arugula salad which was very good. The waiter also brought us a delicious baguette and butter, and an amuse bouche of carrot salad which was excellent.I had the steak frites roquefort and my husband had the chicken. Both dishes were really really good. Portions are very generous as well. My friend and her husband ordered the duck confit prior to dinner and were very impressed.We had an amazing waiter-- super charming and very attentive. I have only positive things to say about Mon Ami Gabi, and we will definitely be back if we ever make it back to Vegas.
3	Despite having a reservation for 8 on my birthday, we waited in line to be told that our table was ready but we could not be seated until everyone was present. We explained that the 6 of us present wanted to order drinks and appetizers but were again told it was " against restaurant policy." The absolute ignorance of the daft management paired with the nuisance of the obnoxiously rude hostesses was a perfect foreshadowing of lousy service.  When we requested an ice bucket for our bottle of white, the server scoffed and stated that "it is cold enough." The food was great, but to btrio mistreated, be sure to take your services elsewhere as Mon Ami Gabi is obviously not in need or desire of patronage.
2	Come on yelpers. Dinner here tonight continues a maddening recent trend of flavorless, ill-prepared food from restaurants that had received great reviews in yelp.  If you have no palate, please stop reviewing restaurants. This pseudo French restaurant served dry roast duck passed off as confit, scallops that have been sliced in half and were likewise devoid of flavor and sides that served no purpose other than to confirm the kitchen's poor conception of flavor.
4	YUMMM !So the last 2 times I've been to Vegas, I've eaten at this place. The first time I was brought by a Cold Tofu classmate that recently moved to the area. Its a nice French style steakhouse that serves steaks, sandwiches, seafood and the like. Walking in here really reminded me of my wonderful time in France and of all my amazing journeys. It seriously took me home :*)The first time I was here, I tried the French Onion Soup, Moules-Frites and the Escargot.Now, I must say that since walking into this place brought back so many intense memories of happier times, I was really setting the bar high for the food. Maybe a little too high? If I were to compare my dishes to those I tried in France, then I must say that the food was just mediocre at best. The French Onion Soup was definitely WAYY TOO SALTY to be consumed without the amazingly fresh bread that they brought out to our table. We asked for bread about 6 times throughout our meal, and every time, it came fresh outta the oven and PIPING HOT. THAT'S how bread should be (: On the plus side, if you're a poor college student coming to Vegas to party and want a slice of the good life, you could always come and order a bowl of French Onion Soup and dip it with the bottomless Bread they have here. That would DEFINITELY get you full while letting you basque in the French ambience for a while. Just saying (;My mussels were also a tad on the fishy side, the sauce a bit too salty for my liking but my fries were outta this world deeelicious ! Although, I must say that they are definitely NOT French style frites. These fries are sliced thinner than usual and so they are crispy all around, and stay that way throughout your whole meal ! (Even 3 hours later back in our room at Planet Hollywood !) My Escargot was also on the saltier side (Seriously, I used to smoke, so I definitely don't eat my food BLAND. If EVERYTHING I ordered was too salty for my taste than something's gotta give), but I think it had to be like that to help cover the "unfresh" aroma of the actual snail. Once again, that's where the bread came in handy ! The herb butter sauce that the escargot was prepared in was SUPER flavorful, it just had a handful too many pinches of salt and so it needed the super carb of the bread to help soak it up.That night, the friend that brought me had ordered a Steak Bearnaise on my recommendation. (It was one of my favorites in France, along with the Steak Roquefort. NOMMM) The Bearnaise was a bit thin, but the flavor was SPOT ON. And it came with a side of their AMAZING frites that just complete the meal.Just a month later I decided to take the fam here for lunch during Labor Day weekend. There wasn't a wait, which was amazing for a Saturday at 12 ! They seated us in the BRIGHT dining area with open windows, and AC blasted on HIGH ! It felt so great to be able to be seated "Outdoors" without the 100 degree plus weather.The menu is different for lunch, as it should be I suppose ! The entrees are a lot lighter, and there are more salads and sandwiches to choose from. We ordered the Tuna Melt, Steak Sandwich, Bacon Cheeseburger, and a Caesar Salad. Every sandwich/burger came an order of delicious fries ! I believe the only sandwich that stood out among all of our choices would have to be the steak sandwich. It was flavorful, the steak was tender and the side of au jus to dip had just the right amount of kick to it ! I believe it was a grainy mustard that made the difference ! The Caesar Salad was a total disappointment, I believe there were literally 8 bites of overdressed salad for $10 and we could have added another 2 and just got another burger or sandwich. WIll definitely NEVER order a salad form here again. I would have been MUCH happier with Wendy's Caesar side salad for $1 ! That's how bad it was :/Anyway, I know that I will definitely be back to visit this wonderful place again sometime in the future to try their Seafood Platter ! I saw a couple eating it together and it looked so SCRUMP-DIDDLY-UMPTIOUS ! Hahahaha, definitely needa find a bf to take me here for that one day (;Happy eating !
3	We came here for breakfast before the long drive back home. I ordered the Eggs Benedict. I was pretty disappointed: tiny portion on a huge plate, a small piece of canadian bacon, and barely any hollandaise sauce. I can get better in San Marcos, CA. I will never order that again.My friend upgraded his cappucino to the larger size (cup? bowl? I can't remember the name, sorry!). Essentially, this meant that for just a dollar more he received an entire soup bowl filled with cappucino. Crazy.
5	One of my favorite restaurants on the strip.First and foremost, sitting on the patio gives you an AMAZING view of the Bellagio fountains. I've seen those fountains at least a couple hundred times but I can't help but get excited whenever I hear the music go off - and it's that much better when you're sitting on a cute patio sipping a glass of wine.The food at Mon Ami Gabi is good, the service is spectacular. Favorite dishes:Chicken liver mousse - Oh my god. DELICIOUS. As gross as this may sound, it's actually really delicious. Served with cocktail pickles, onions, and slices of bread. Heavy and creamy, but the prefect way to start a meal.Mussels and frites - I didn't order this, but my friend ordered the large which comes with a huge serving of fries. The mussels looked plump and juicy, and the sauce was to die for. FYI the 20 oz comes with about 8 mussels... so you definitely want to order a full order if you're looking for an entree.Duck confit - appetizer, but definitely entree sized. Kind of dry. Would pass.Anyways, make reservations, request to sit on the patio, and enjoy a nice French dinner on the strip. Do it!
5	This is my go-to staple breakfast place anytime I'm in Vegas (which happens to be about 4-5 times a year!) I haven't stayed at Paris in a long time, but find this restaurant to be worth the cab ride for a big breakfast. I'll wake up early for it ( which isn't always easy in Vegas), and I'll even eat alone if no one wants to get up with me. It's that good! I love pretty much everything on their menu, including their fresh baguettes, that are served with Nutella, and their other pastry, French toast, and waffle items. But, the breakfast I usually stick to is the Croque Monseiur. Two crispy pieces of bread with melted gruyere cheese in between, served with an egg over easy on top. Heaven on a plate! Also must have is their coffee, which is served in a cup, or if you love it like I do, can be served in a bowl. Yeah, it's a bit weird to sip coffee out of a bowl, but I'll do it. Because it's that good! Sitting on their patio, overlooking the strip with this meal, just can't be beat!Can't wait to head back...yum, yum!
4	Step 1: make a reservation on Open Table.Step 2: show up, sit back and enjoy.  (If you don't have a reservation, you may have to wait a while.)Mon Ami Gabi was one of my favorites from my last trip to Vegas.  My mother, sister, boyfriend and I came here for breakfast Monday morning.  There is plenty of indoor seating, but I would really recommend the patio because you get to sit right above the strip and you have a nice view of the Bellagio across the street.  Now, enough intro information, onto the food:-Coffee ($3.95): average.  free refills, as with any other place.  -Berry Pancake ($11.95): now, this isn't actually like the usual fluffy pancake, it's a "big skinny pancake" as their menu puts it.  I would just say it's very much like a crepe.  It was light and really tasty with the fresh fruits.  My boyfriend really enjoyed this.  The few bites I snuck were really tasty.-Chicken, brie and apple crepe ($12.95): Very savory and a little bit sweet; this crepe was everything that I was hoping for.  There was a lot of chicken in the crepe and the sauce on top was very good.-Ham and cheese omelet ($11.95): my sister always orders an omelet and she seemed to enjoy this quite a bit.  it came with a generous side of breakfast potatoes and some toast too.-French toast ($11.95): my mom ordered the french toast and it was really excellent.  if you like french toast, you should try this.  the toast itself is great, but the sauce, the blueberry syrup is what makes it.  The fresh blueberries go perfectly and the fluffy whipped cream- it's a divine match indeed.-Cream puff (free): we were celebrating my birthday.  I didn't t think I'd get a dessert for breakfast; but when it came to the table, I didn't decline.  Very tasty!The service itself was just okay.  I think it's just because everyone is busy and rushing around.  The service was pretty helpful, but not all that friendly.  It's a good thing they won me over with the food.  Each of us thought that this was one of the tastiest breakfasts we had ever had and at these prices, it's very fair (especially for Vegas).    The portions were plenty to fill us, but not to the point of feeling stuffed.Notes:-If you're a guy, make sure you have sleeves.  I saw them give a guy a tee shirt because he was wearing a tank top.
5	best view and best atmosphere on the strip from paris hotel.  very friendly staff and waiters.  i was in vegas with a friend and we dined at many places but this was our favorite for the location and price.  i love theie french onion soup with melting thick  cheese.  their steaks are delicious.  you must try this place when you visit vegas
5	Everything we ate was SO GOOD!! We had the chicken, the duck confit, and the salmon.  The duck confit was so soft, the salmon had a great texture and seasoning, and the chicken was amazing as well.  I came here for my bachelorette dinner, and they even sent over a big cream puff to help me celebrate, with a candle!  The ambiance is romantic, but the prices are very reasonable.  The portions are big.  I would definitely eat here again!
4	I came here for dinner last night. Their patio is such a great place to sit, watching people, street entertainers and the water show at the Bellagio across the street. I ended up waiting for half an hour for a server, but when I asked someone, the manager came right over and apologized, and later removed both the starter and the dessert from my bill. The food is good, the staff is friendly and the prices are ok given the location..
5	Love Mon Ami Gabi!Great for brunch and a mimosa or a nice dinner out.  I would highly recommend sitting in the patio area along the strip.  Great for people watching and the Bellagio fountain water show.  Last few Vegas trips I've made it a point to come here instead of trying new places.Breakfast is really good. Also very happy with dinner as well.  They have a fully stocked bar.  It's a busy place but the service doesn't suffer.  I would rate the food 4.5 stars but the location and ambience and how it's in the middle of everything bumps it up to 5 stars.
5	I've got to say that I am a big fan! I have eaten here on numerous visits to Vegas and never been disappointed. The mussels in a garlic, white wine and cream sauce are excellent. Dipping the warm fresh French bread into left over sauce......yum! The house made frites are also great comfort food. My servers have always been excellent and attentive. Food and drinks are reasonably priced for their quality. One of the greatest attributes to this place is location, location, location! If you request outdoor patio seating (which is first come, first serve) you will be seated on The Strip across the street from the Bellagio fountains. You can enjoy the Bellagio fountain shows while having some great food and drink. Some street entertainers will occasionally take up position on the sidewalk which can also be entertaining. The people watching opportunity is exceptional. I try to get here every time I'm in Vegas!
5	Recently I went through a few old boxes in preparation for my upcoming move towards the northern region. I stumbled upon an old 2002 Sprint PDA I had, that was way ahead of it's time. It took video. On this phone and a few other phones, I found amazing footage of this special restaurant, and the very special night it holds dear to my heart. Mon Ami Gabbi was the restaurant my fiance and I celebrated our recent engagement in on 11.22.2002. The food was amazing, and as usual, Bear planned the entire thing ahead of time, so that the evening was perfect. Sitting on the patio you gain the complete view advantage of the Bellagio Water Fountain show. It's Romance...pure romance... and I'd love to share the video of the restaurant and the view from the patio, right here:http://youtu.be/cSOe7XZzoicOn this special evening in 2002, the night was cooler and the food we ordered was geared toward warming us up a little bit.  He ordered the french onion soup as well as a few main entree's - and let me tell you...I've yet seen a french onion soup so mastered.  Oozing and bubbling with cheese and a rich broth, he was one happy Bear. One of the best weeks and memories of my life, was during this time and I wanted to share it with those who might be looking for a romantic place to bring your girl. It's as if you are having a dinner and a show all in one, but without the cost of a show.
5	Came here for breakfast on a Tuesday,  at about 1030, seated right away on the patio. Had the salmon eggs Benedict and the crepe. Also got a side of frites, everything tasted good, service was excellent, affordable. Recommended
5	Delicious food, excellent service, great value. Can't wait to come back to try more food!My fav was their skirt steak n Frits, the reduced steak sauce was wooh lick my plate clean kinda sauce. my hubby got the other steak--I forgot which kind which was also good but we both love mine better.Their escargo dish was delicious too. A little different from how i usually have it but I like this version too! Kept on dipping the bread to soak up more garlicky goodness.Scallop dish was pretty decent too.Me and hubby loved their St Germaine drink n finished the whole pitcher :)Afterwards or prior to dinner it's nice to lounge n grab a cocktal in the restaurant upstairs as you get excellent view of Bellagio
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas hands down!  Unlike some of the other gaudy and overly decorated restaurants on the Strip, Mon Ami Gabi is a no fuss, decently priced restaurant with a wonderful view and great food.Usually during the busy weekends, it's almost impossible to get a seat on the patio, but if you're there during the week day, I highly recommend it, as you get an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.  Here is the break down:Food- 5 stars:  the french onion soup here is amazing, as is all the steaks.  Their fries are made in house and sooo good, it kind of tastes like potato chips!  I highly recommend their avocado, salmon and blueberry salad if you want a lighter fare.  Their creme brulee is yummy tooPrice: 5 stars: for Vegas, these prices are really reasonable, especially given that the food is so good.  Entrees for dinner vary about $12-$30, lunch is even cheaper.  Ambiance: 4 stars for interior, 5 stars for patio seatsService: 5 stars: they are very busy there any time of the week, but the servers handle it like a pro!  We've never had to flag anyone down, and our server was more then happy to recommend dishesLocation: it's located inside the Paris Hotel :)Tip: DO make reservations, the walk in line is crazy
5	Great food, great service and great view!  RESERVATIONS: The bf and I had a reservation at 6:30p on the Sunday of Labor Day Weekend.  You can't make reservations for the patio but can request it upon arrival and they'll let you know how long the wait would be.  We arrived at 6pm and was told it would be about a 25 minute wait for patio seating.  With the casino right there, waiting really is not a big deal.  VIEW: The patio is great because you can watch the Bellagio water show across the street and people watch as you wait for your food.  And that's exactly what we did with a couple glasses of wine!FOOD & SERVICE: I ordered the Steak Bernaise while my bf ordered the Steak Roquefort.  Both were delicious.  The steaks were the perfect size, the sauces were delicious and the frites were a great side and even better when dipped in the steak sauce.  Our great server, Francois, even brought us extra blue cheese sauce (came with the Roquefort) so that we had plenty for our frites.  We were pretty stuffed after our steaks but Francois convinced us to try his favorite dessert on the menu, Profiteroles.  Imagine 3 decently sized cream puffs split to sandwich vanilla ice cream and drizzled with fudge.  That is what this delicious concoction is!  *drool*  Needless to say, we happily devoured this dessert.So if you're looking for nice place to have dinner on the strip, come check this one out!
4	I have dined at Mon Ami Gabi a couple of times without disappointment. Their Strip steak is fabulous, the goat cheese appetizer served with toasted garlic bread is amazing.  the only disappointing entree are their $17 salads.  The chopped salad with grilled chicken is way too small for the price they charge, it's more like a side salad, this is where I really just don't understand restaurants.....why be cheap with the least expensive ingriedient!!...Really? .  Convenient place to dine at the Paris Hotel, however you are paying for the view...
2	Steak was tasty. Service was bad-ok: they didn't clear plates between courses (I had a pile...and they kept walking by) and the service wasn't as friendly as elsewhere.BIG gripe: they've tried to be 'cool' with their fries - they've fucked it up royally - they're so thin and crispy you can't actually eat them with a fork. A total joke - hence two stars.
5	Reasonable prices for outstanding French food! Stopped by here for lunch before we headed out for the drive home. Everything on the menu sounds so good and you will not be disappointed with whatever you decide to order. We were seated outside and even though it was over 90 degrees outside we didn't mind because they gave us such a good view. Our table was right across from the Bellagio fountains so we were able to enjoy the show while we ate lunch. I couldn't decide between a quiche and a burger. Since the restaurant is a French steakhouse I wanted to try something French, but at the same time I imagined that their burgers would be delicious as well, being a steakhouse and all. After a lot of pondering, my friend and I decided to share a cheeseburger and their classic quiche lorraine. The food was SO AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS I would drive to Vegas right now to eat there if I could. First of all, they provide you with fresh French baguettes as you wait for your food. They are still soft and warm when they bring it out to you and it's so yummy with their whipped butter. The cheeseburger was very juicy and flavorful, not greasy at all! Their hand-cut frites were pretty interesting too. It was like a cross between a fry and a potato chip but it was good. The quiche was a lot bigger than I expected it to be and I don't think I would've been able to finish the whole thing by myself. It's the size of a small plate but the quiche is so light and fluffy that you'll finish half of it before you know it. I really liked the bacon that the used in it too since the bacon chunks were big enough where you can taste the smokiness and have some of the texture too. Our waitress was super nice and gave my friend a free cocktail on the house along with an ice cream puff dessert for us to share. The cocktail was so yummy that I decided to get one for myself! It was their special cocktail for season? day? not sure, but it was very fruity and light. It was a mix of some type of champagne and St. Germain which tasted amazing together!!
4	Came here for dinner and brunch at two separate occasions.  I love their service, they are attentive and helpful when you don't know what to get. For dinner we had the steak, which was delicious, but it's REALLY heavy. I couldn't finish the whole thing, and if I were to order it again, I would split it. Their french onion soup is one of the best I've had. For brunch I had the chicken sandwich with brie and apples. It was very good, and again heavily buttered.  A couple of people in our group got the lobster roll and that looked really good. It is french food, so expect a lot of butter. I have to say, my favorite part of the meal, by far, was the fresh bread they bring out in the beginning.
5	This is a must! Every time we visit Vegas this is always our  first dinner in town. The ambiance on the patio is fabulous watching the water show, and the service is pretty good. The food is always consistently delicious so make sure you save room because the fresh warm baguette and butter they give you before dinner can become very addicting.  Make sure you order a steak, it's their specialty!
5	Best people watching place on the strip. Consistently good to VERY good food. Service is always unpretentiousbut more than adequate. Good food good service nice atmosphere equals great place... enjoy.
3	Picture it:Perched outside sipping european coffee, dining on juicy steak, smiling at the waiter who had suggested amazing dishes to try and keeps your water glass filled, all while watching the amazing Bellagio fountain show at night, on February 13th, the day before Valentine's Day.Perfect romantic scenario but without crazy Strip restaurant prices or crowds. We waited an extra 20 minutes to be able to sit at an outdoor table, but the wait was quick and it gave me just enough time to take in the interior of the Paris' casino area. My husband and I had a double date with my sister and her fiance. It was a bit chilly, it being February, but there are heat lamps scattered throughout the patio. The mix of the pretty fountains, superb food, and busy Strip traffic can easily make you feel like you're somewhere in another country.I've heard and read rave reviews on the brunch offerings and definitely plan to be back.
4	We had reservations for dinner at Mon Ami Gabi this past Saturday, Sept 15th. We got there, were seated promptly and we got started from there. We ordered some wine...yadda yadda yadda - ON TO THE STEAK! I ordered the sirloin and it was simply delicious. It was very tender and juicy. I wasn't much of a fan of the fries (con frites?). They tasted like potato chips in the shape of french fries. I was expecting steak fries but that's my mistake and I won't ding Mon Ami Gabi for it. The mac n cheese was also fantastic. The only knock against the place was that our waiter, while attentive, seemed pushy at times. We decided to order a round of shots for the guys - we wanted to just get the cheap stuff and he kept trying to upsell us to Patron shots for about $4 more per shot. We eventually gave in and did the Patron shots but would've preferred that he not try to be a salesman. All is well though because he hooked us up with another shot. All in all, this place is great if you're looking for an affordable, fancy dinner spot in Vegas. If you're lucky enough, you can get a table outside that comes with a view of the Bellagio fountains. For 7 people, including 2 bottles of wine, a round of shots, appetizers, entrees and dessert, it came out to $580 or $82/person. Not bad for Vegas!
5	Great food with a great view! Time it right with the bellagio fountains!
4	Love this place. It is in the center of the strip and if you are lucky to sit outside, the people watching is fantastic. You are right in front of the Bellagio fountains which is also a great site to see when in town. My fiance and I were in town for birthday celebrations and was pleasantly surprised to be able to get a seat at 11am on a Sunday morning. We booked reservations maybe an hour ahead. This place is usually crowded, so always try and call ahead. We got front row seats and enjoyed mimosas and cappucinos. The food is not authentic French, but close enough. Pretty tasty, but if you are counting calories, these butter rich meals are not for you. All in all a great sunday brunch. Highly recommed when you are in town.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. I love the filet minion there. The service is very good. You can see the fountains at the Bellagio from the outside dining area and by the Window. I highly recommend sitting outside. Sometimes there's a wait to get seated outside but it's worth it if you're not in a hurry. Even with reservations and you request to sit outside there's still sometimes a wait.
3	Well, it is a change of scenery for Vegas.  A decent brunch place amongst all the buffets.  The crepe like pancake is very good whereas other breakfast items are just ok.  It is a little pricey for this dated establishment.
4	Mon Ami Gabi? Oui Oui!!!This place is a solid 4 stars in my book.  I'd definitely recommend and come back for the location, reasonable price, savory food, and excellent service.  If you are not in a rush, waiting for the outside seating, or near outside seating next to the bar, is well worth the experience.  The bellagio water show is nothing new to me but if you're new to vegas, definitely sit outside.  You'll get a host of envyous onlookers as they walk by and also see the water show across the street.Attached are some pictures of:1. Seafood Crepe - The scallops and prawns were AMAZINGLY delicious and generous in size.  I personally think the crepe robbed the seafood of the flavor, ha.2. Eggs Benedict - The english mufffin was a bit tough to cut through, but overall, the excellently poached egg (and I do mean excellent), ham, muffin and sauce were a symphony in my mouth.  The hash browns were well seasoned and delish...I only wish they had served the dish with more!!!  Potato is cheap, come on Gabi!  I noticed MANY people dining on the French Soup.  I didn't get to try it, but that is on my list for my next visit back to this restaurant.  Just Say Oui Oui to My Friend Gabi!!
4	I was just here it was very good. The service was great with the exception of being served too fast. I would have liked to have enjoyed the great ambiance a little more before getting the meal so quickly. Tip to everyone, keep your menu's a while before ordering because as soon as you do the food is right there. The place is great, the food is great and the wait staff is great. I do highly recommend this place and will go back myself. Call for a reservation too, enjoy
5	blueberry french toast.. dayum. ! good food, good price too. Can eat outisde and people watch.
4	We came here for a bachelorette party dinner. Started off with bad service. Our reservation was at 8pm. We were not seated till about 9pm. Left 15 girls hungry and annoyed. However, food was delicious. No one had any complaints! I had the hanger steak accompanied with sauteed mushrooms and garlic spinach. Fritts on the steak I didn't really care for but the garlic spinach was fabulous. There was a guy... not sure exactly what his title would be but he was always around with fresh bread and filling up our water glass. Huge thanks and compliments to him. He made me forget that we started the dinner with poor service.
5	Came across this restaurant while searching a Gluten Free app trying to decide where to go for dinner. After seeing all the rave reviews about this place, my husband suggested we go so I could truly enjoy a meal. I have to say this place really does accommodate the gluten free community. They have a full pre printed menu available, complimentary appetizers and take special care to make sure your food is prepared safely to avoid potential allergic reaction. I had the Onion Soup, Salmon and for desert the chocolate cake. I have not enjoyed a meal this much since finding out I am gluten intolerant. My husband and daughters thoroughly enjoyed their meal as well which made it that much more of an amazing experience!!
4	The view was wonderful. Dinner in front of the Bellagio water show. The outdoor heaters kept me comfortably warm from the below 40F temperature (I went here during winter). The crab cake was delicious. Seafood platter was not as large as I expected, but it was enough to satisfy me. Seafood platter was nothing special, though. Small lobster, small but fresh oysters, a few pieces of shrimp cocktail, raw tuna pieces with avocado.  Pricey, but the ambiance and service was good.
5	Got here before the lunchtime rush. No need to wait for a table. There is a note on the front that said "no swimsuits" so incase you're coming from a pool party .. dress appropriately before heading into this restaurant.Since my whole table decided on the Eggs Benedict I decided to change it up [=I got the Chicken, broccoli & cheese crepe. Soooo yummy & very filling. Could've had more chicken in it but I was going to a pool party after so I guess they did me a favor. My GF ordered some frites for the table. It's like all the crunchy french fries put together. I usually don't like it but it wasn't too bad [=The service was FAB! Went here because a friend came here on her Vegas trip before ours so she knew that we would love it & we did! I'll give their eggs benedict a try next time & maybe I'll get to eat outside & see what the other yelpers are saying about this view  ;]
3	I usually steer clear of the strip when it comes to dinner out around town. The main reason being that everything is overpriced just because of the location.This place is no exception, but not to such extremes as other locations. And being that there is such a limited amount of outdoor dining there on the strip, I'm willing to shell out a little more for the experience of dining ON Las Vegas Blvd. Unfortunately we didn't get that experience when we were here, and were tucked away at a tiny table right next to the door. No big deal except we seemed to be a little to hidden from our server as well.The table was tiny and felt like a table in a coffee shop.Again this would have been fine if we were stopping in for a small bite at a cafe, but we were starving, and came for a serious dinner.We ordered the Seafood Platter ($49.95) which is an entree meant to be split by 2 people, and in addition ordered the largest steak on the Steak Frites menu, the 22 0z. bone in Ribeye ($39.95).The Frites were crispy and a real surprise, but the steak was a bit disappointing. It was a high quality cut, but the flavor of the steak just wasn't there for some reason, and it came at the same time as the seafood platter, which we specifically asked to have brought out as an appetizer and the steak later. So after we finally finished the seafood platter the steak had continued cooking for another 10 minutes on the plate to a little past medium, and had gotten cold.We were a little disappointed but at the time we couldn't flag down a server to let him know we had a few issues.The seafood platter was exactly as it should have been. Very fresh, and very filling. Although I'm not an aficianado on French food, and maybe I'm just a redneck who's eaten at Red Lobster one too many times...but I can't help but feel like I need some drawn butter with Lobster and Shrimp.Oh well, Ces't la vie.Service: 2 StarsFood: 3 starsPrice: 3.5 StarsAmbiance: Inside 2 Stars/ Outside 5 Stars.
5	They didn't have breakfast (served until 11) the last time I came here.  How very French of them, but they caved in to fatty American dreams, and, I've got to say it was probably the best decision they've ever made.You've GOT to try it!  I ordered the Eggs Florentine and it was aaammmaaaazzziiinnnggggg.  They make their own English muffins and the Hollandaise was not overpowering like it usually is in other places.  Eggs were perfectly poached, and it came with a side of hash browns, which were crisped to perfection and seasoned well (had some caramelized onions tucked away in there too).  If you don't have a reservation, you'll probably have to wait in line, but we had a party of three and the line moved pretty quickly.  They get fairly busy, and the service is so-so.  But the benedicts are superb :)
4	Delicious french breakfast, large portions, tasty meals and amazing coffee, all with a view of the Las Vegas strip and Eiffel tower. I loved my turkey, egg white, avacado omelette. My friend had the croque mouser, all so delicious. Also very reasonably priced and efficient service.
4	After reading the reviews and checking out the menu, we decided to add this place to our most recent Vegas agenda. We stopped in for lunch on Sunday, no reservation and we didn't want to wait, so we didn't get to enjoy the patio experience, maybe next time.The food was fantastic, we ordered several things to share. We had the french onion soup which was perfect. The mussels were great and we had to keep stopping the wait staff from trying to take the bowl away as we sopped up every last bit of the yummy sauce with the frites. The frites are definitely a little different, not the average french fry like you would think. They are small, super thin and crispy. Good, but it would have been easier to soak up the sauce from the mussles with something a little more substantial. The fish and frites was really good, again not what you would expect as its not "fish and chips" - this comes out just a large piece of breaded fish on the plate, but the fish was perfectly cooked and seasoned. And we also had the croque monsieur, the yummy combination of gruyere and ham on thick bread was sooo good. I've been craving one of these for days!Although our waitress wasn't terribly friendly she got the job done. There are so many workers running around, taking plates and bringing bread and filling water that I can't complain about the service.Overall, a great meal on the Strip - we'll definitely be back!
5	Had the Filet Mignon Merlot. Was so good it tasted like candy. Only downside was the fancy fries they put with the steak, keep it classy Mon Ami Gabi and get rid of that.
5	Wow!!! Duck Confit to die for! Save room for the butterscotch pot de Creme. Best dessert ever!  Amanda from Cali is best server in Vegas. Finally! After 3 days of crummy service, we are rewarded with a great server. Trust her recommendations!
5	I'm a little sad to say this, but Mon Ami Gabi was better than anything I had in the real Paris. Sigh.Actually, I shouldn't be sighing. I should be cheering, because Mon Ami Gabi made for a wildly successful birthday brunch. Mr. Birthday had eggs Benedict ($14.95). I had a stunning seafood crepe, which featured two perfect shrimp and two perfect scallops for $13.95. And perhaps best of all was a $20.00 pitcher of that day's special cocktail, a delicious combination of red wine and a little fruit and something sparkling and a few sprigs of rosemary. Yuuuuumm.The service was impeccable, the decor charming and decently authentic, and even though we were seated in 100 degree weather in an indoor/outdoor space, we were plenty cool. Tre awesome!
4	Love, love the ambiance. Great service. Yummy food. Can get very crowded and a bit loud.
5	Don't miss out on some of the best French onion soup you've tried. If the fresh bread isn't pipin hot send it back & ask for more... It's worth the request. Also if you sit on the patio expect to be rushed as they new to turn over those best seats.. But I'd rather take my time and sit in the inside patio
4	We love Mon Ami Gabi.  It's on the short list for lunch on our visits to Vegas for several reasons.Raison 1:  French Onion Soup.  The classic French preparation.  Nothing fancy.  Just cheesy, oniony goodness iin a wonderful beef stock with just the right amount of saltiness. Oooh la la...Raison 2:  The Croque Monsieur is a terrific semi-open face ham and cheese sandwich.  With gruyere and creme fraiche accompanying the ham, this is one marvelously decadent sandwich.  Fork and knife required.  The fries that come with the dish are frite-style:  thin cut and delicious. Magnifique!Raison 3:  The grilled salmon and spinach salad is nice piece of fish, perfectly prepared, on a bed of fresh spinach with advocado, blueberry and a walnut vinaigrette.  Perfect.  Healthy.  Tasty.BTW, for dinner Mon Ami's steaks are darn good, too.A few years ago we experienced an issue with our dining experience, and I wrote to the parent company.  I received a beautiful note in return offering personal assistance on my next visit.  i never took Mon Ami up on that offer, but I happily return, knowing that someone is watching the store at Mon Ami, and doing a pretty good job keeping customers happy.Bon appetit!
5	My wife and I wandered in here the other day because why wouldn't we? It's right there on the strip and they have steak frites. 'Nuff said.I was pleasantly surprised that I had one of the best meals of my life there that night. It was probably a combination of the table we were given for no good reason (just at the precipice of the outdoor patio, with a direct view of the Bellagio fountains across the street), the time of day (evening), the service (exemplary) and the food (perfect.)I had the aforementioned steak frites (fillet) and it was done perfectly. The frites were unique in that they were really thin, sort of like shaved potato. Which means every last one of them was like the crunchy bonus fries you find at the bottom of a fast food bag. Except these were frites of the highest order.The evening was just so right that I ordered a girl drink, which was also delicious.Shout out to Krisha (number 133 that night, I believe, and what's with the numbers?), you're tops, babe. Thanks for being part of a wonderful evening.
3	wasn't that impressed with the food - maybe we got the wrong stuff. burger was meh, and the salad i had was meh (forget which one). service was very accomodating (we had to get to a 7:30 show and had made early reservations, but it was nice that they made sure we got our food in time to actually enjoy it). and you can't beat the view of the Bellagio fountains - we finally got to see the whole show!
5	Dined solo here a couple times during a recent business trip... and loved it! FRENCH TOAST - absolutely delicious. Moist  & fluffy and not too sweet. The blueberry syrup is divine along with the warm blueberry compote on top. Wow! I miss it.. EGG WHITE OMELET - just a regular egg white omelet BUT! The avocado relish/salsa thing on top made it so clutch. Gave it that refreshing, clean taste! Attentive service and the waiters were on point with my coffee refills. Always a plus :) Make sure you ask to sit out on the balcony area. Perfect for people-watching or Bellagio fountain-watching. If I'm ever in Vegas again, I'll be sure to go!
4	It was a great location for people watching in Vegas! The food was outstanding and the service was impeccable!Our waitress was so sweet and very accomodating!Love this place, order Salmon, Burger, any of the sandwiches it is all yummy!
5	A gluten free menu, servers who obviously know & care about gluten allergies, quality yet affordable food, and a view of the Bellagio fountains; what more can a girl ask for?!? My boyfriend and I came here & both absolutely loved it!! Our server was super friendly and very knowledgeable about the gluten free menu (I wish I could remember his name!). He was very accomodating & was even able to confirm that the one of the specials of the day was gluten free (it was a grilled porkchop with a mustard butter sauce with their frites & was fantastically delicious). My bf got the steak bearnaise, which also happens to be gluten free, so I was able to enjoy his as well. Both of our meals were fantastic! I also got to enjoy warm slices of gluten free bread & butter before my meal. And we shared the flourless chocolate cake for dessert & it was to die for. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, especially those needing a gluten free menu. FYI, you cannot make a reservation for the patio, but we skipped lunch and went to an early dinner at 5pm and were seated on the patio right away. I cannot wait to come back!
2	Had a 6:30 reservation yesterday but were told it was first come first served for the patio, waited 1:15 before we were seated, the bar area was so small and jamb packed it was impossible even to have a drink. Table was good but very close together so you share the next tables conversation, appetizers great, main course came out cold and the pepper steak had a sauce that tasted like tomato paste. Our waitress was terrific but the front desk staff are totally disinterested. As a local why fight the crowds when there are so many other places to eat
4	This was a very cute restaurant and was perfect for Sunday brunch for our party of 10.  We had a private room with a view of the Bellagio fountains, which was really great.  We could actually have a conversation and hear each other without feeling like we are screaming over loud music.  The service was pretty good and our waiter took really good care of us.Although I did not have it, several folks in our group had the onion soup and raved about it.  I had the seafood crepe and it was really good and loaded with seafood.  Hubby enjoyed his bacon cheeseburger and another friend really liked his steak.  Overall, I would recommend this place as a relatively quiet restaurant on the Strip.  The only criticism is that the brunch menu had very limited breakfast options and mostly served lunch.  A couple of folks in our group wanted to try some of the breakfast options, but they stopped serving it at noon.
5	Sit on the patio if you can! We sat half in and half out on the patio where it was nicely air conditioned. The food was great and our server was wonderful. We ordered everything he suggested and he was very spot on! We only came for brunch so I cant vouch for dinner.
5	The strawberry waffle was buttery.  The eggs benedict was also great.  I had the quiche lorraine which was light and delicious.  Great view of the Fountains at Bellagio.
5	The Nutella waffles were amazing!! And so was everything else! I can't wait to go back!
5	Great food, great view!
3	Ate dinner this time. Didn't mind sitting inside, so no wait YAY! Ordered a glass of Riesling, side of Brussels sprouts with bacon, spinach, and half order of mussels. As always, love the fresh baguette. For dinner they also give a nice little apple, radish, vinegar salad that was really good. The mussels were just ok. Also, one of them was still closed, which you're not supposed to eat. Honestly, from such a nice restaurant, they're supposed to check in the kitchen and throw it out. This makes me wonder what else they may have missed... The Brussels sprouts with bacon were really good. When they say bacon, they mean chunks of pork belly. It was AWESOME. The spinach was overcooked and boring. Again, I expect more from this place. I guess I should stick to the main dishes, but I don't eat very much and avoid large slabs of meat. I heard the waiter say they are known for their steak that is just cooked in butter. Maybe next time. Oh yes, and dessert was the baked apple tartine. It would have been one the most awesome deserts ever had it not been sitting in a pool of syrup sauce. It soaked into everything, and it was like injecting my veins with pure sugar. I would try to order the sauce on the side, then it would be perfect.  Otherwise I think I'll stick to brunch. My last review from brunch:Brunch on Saturday. Ordered a mimosa and french toast. The french toast was served with house made blueberry syrup, with fresh blueberries on the side. Wasn't too sweet, until I got too full. Brought it back to my room to snack on later. Heated it up in the microwave, and it was still ok. Not as good, but still a good snack. All meals come with a fresh baguette. Yum!
5	Great salad; great onion soup; steaks are pretty good because of the great sauce.  French fries are very unique great.  Will be back.
5	Met here for a business dinner last week while in town for a convention. The food is phenomenal! And the service was outstanding! We had a party of 9 people and we were never waiting too long for anything. Their steak selection is delicious. Plus the desserts are amazing too! Great place to have a nice sit down dinner.
5	This restaurant was an incredible experience.  We had wonderful customer service and the food was equally as impressive.  I could have had three servings of the warm goat cheese and tomato sauce appetizer.  While telling our server how much I enjoyed it, she mentioned that I could leave my name and contact info and the chef would email me the recipe directly.  I have NEVER been in a restaurant where that option is provided and sure enough, two days after dinner, an email from their chef arrived to my inbox.  The prices are extremely reasonable for the high quality of the food.  I will certainly dine there again on future trips to Vegas!
4	Solid restaurant. Let me preface this by saying that I don't love Las Vegas like some people do. This place is a somewhat welcome respite from the usual craziness which is Las Vegas. The food is delicious and the prices are reasonable. That being said, it's not the most authentic French restaurant I've ever been to, but it's Vegas. Definitely worth a meal.
5	One of the best meals of my life! My hubby and I were seated with a view of the Bellagio fountains across the way. Our server, Krisha, was super friendly and professional. The bread came piping hot out of the oven with sweet creamy butter. The shrimp appetizer - delish. The drinks excellent; I had their version of a Moscow Mule. The steaks to die for, so tender and cooked to perfection. I had mine topped with gorgonzola, you must try! The profiteroles for dessert were yum and the cappuccino delightful. Seriously what else could you ask for?
5	The food was great. Perfectly French. The patio seating is the best in the house so make sure you come early w/ an hour to spare for the wait. The food is very French. Even the baguette that was given was delicious.I would recommend this place as a date place, especially at night if you want to watch the Bellagio fountains.
4	This is a Sunday brunch review:Croque monsieur is good.Lobster roll is also good.   The service is fantastic. With a reservation, we were seated promptly waiting less than 2 mins even though it was a busy Sunday brunch.  Reservations recommended but it will be for indoor seating.  The patio is first come first serve.
5	This was one of my favorite dinners of all time. OF all time! It wasn't lavish (spent a little over $150 for quality entrees, sides, and wine for 2), but I don't remember the last time I enjoyed dinner this much. First of all, we were seated on the edge of the outside patio, right on - but elevated - above the sidewalk of the strip. We had a view of the Bellagio when the water show was happening, and we people watched to our hearts' content (I am so glad we weren't seated inside, which was by contrast extremely dim - I Despise eating in dim rooms). The temperature outside was comfortable. We had a long, mellow dinner and it was perfect.The Filet Mignon Merlot with butter and red wine reduction and hand cut frites was outstanding. If someone knows of frites in SF like the ones here, can you let a homie know? The frites were beyond delicious...they were FLAT (!) (I don't know how they made them so flat and perfect). Crispy and browned on the outside and soft on the inside...they soaked up the red wine reduction from the filet mignon...words cannot describe how good I thought they were. The red wine reduction was intense and tangy. The Filet Mignon was super tender. Did I mention dinner was perfect?I have since then been waiting for the day I find steak frites like I had at Mon Ami Gabi. I have made a few futile efforts but overall I'm not trying very hard...I want it to just happen one day like Mon Ami Gabi happened.I love when places unexpectedly sweep me off my feet with amazing food and wine, and an excellent environment!
4	Went here for breakfast to sit outside on their patio. Overall service was attentive and excellent. I tried an egg benedict special recommended by the server, it was very good.Cant really say anything bad about the place. There was some woman yelling at the host staff demanding to be seated when we first approached the host stand. Seemed to be a bit much.
4	I'm not drinking the kool-aid on this place just yet.  It was easy to get a reservation on a Sunday. The prices are reasonable.  The service was good.  Attentive servers.  I had the steak bernaise.  I never hand a bernaise sauce, so the lemony buttery flavor really surprised me and I enjoyed it.  The sirloin meat was a bit chewy, but it's thin and if you cut small pieces, you don't need to work it too hard.  They serve a boat load of fries.  I guess for the price, we got a good meal.  I'm just not sold that it's a 4 star times 2000 yelpers.  Dessert was meh.  The apple tartin was nothing we expected.  We've seen many that have the apple slices fanned out making a lot of texture. This one was just one big slice of apple baked with the puff pastry on top.  I will say the food was 3 stars and the good service gives it another star.
5	I made 1230 reservations on a Saturday morning at 11:30 and managed to get great seats.  We were seated in the atrium looking out toward the Bellagio Fountains after finding out the wait for outside seating would be 40+ minutes... but I think it's better in the atrium than outdoors.  Indoors, you won't be surrounded by people walking by chain-smoking and there's not too much wind, especially when it's a cool day.  The Eggs Benedict and Strawberry waffle were delicious!!!  Prices are very reasonable and the service is excellent.  Oh, dress code is enforced in that men need to have their shoulders covered (so no tanks), but if you walk in with a tank, they give out shirts that the guys can wear :)
3	Had lunch here with friends before my flight.. It is definitely a tourist attraction/trap.. Whatever you wanna call it.. The food was not spectacular and as other reviewers have said, you're paying for the view of the Bellagio fountains.. You can also people watch from the patio.. (Hey, what a concept huh? Just like a street cafe  you see in France!)One glass of mimosa was $10! And the glass was tiny.The prime steak sandwich wasn't too bad after you get through the end pieces, which were burnt. The fries were actually good.. It's thinly sliced. They reminds me of fresh potato chips. I would not come back just for the fries. Over priced and mediocre food at best. But hey, you have to try it once.
5	Excllent!  We made a reservation but decided to wait the extra 1/2 hour and sit outside on the patio.  A good choice. The weather was nice and the view of the Bellagio's fountains was pretty, plus it was kind of dark inside.  The French Onion soup and the Triple onion soup were both excellent. My wife had the steak and I had the 1/2 chicken. Both were done to perfection.  The wait staff was very attentive and well organized.  It was a nice leisurely dinner topped off by an amazing apple tart tartin.  The cost was not too bad considering the location and the quality of the meal(about $100 for two w/o wine). Don't miss this.
5	Incredible breakfast all the way around. Elegant location, scrumptious food, and superb service. Perfect location as well.
3	We had brunch here  Saturday morning.  The selection was not so great, but my ham & cheese omelette was pretty good.  I'd like to give it another try, next time for dinner.  Hopefully, it will will up to all the rave reviews it has received on here.
4	Drop dead view of the Bellagio fountains if you can secure outdoor seating. Expect a crowded French bistro atmosphere.Service was attentive. Food was moderately expensive ,but fair for Las Vegas. Mussels  were in  a very flavourful broth ,but 3 mussels failed to open... But those that did were big and juicy.The steaks are reputed to real winners.This is only second hand information, however.The trout was fresh and flakey.The skate was a good choice if you're tired of sea bass. The mixologists at the bar were friendly and helpful. Mon Ami may not provide the best cuisine in Vegas, but it always beckons me to return.
4	Came here on a Saturday night, after learning that balcony seating was first come first serve, I was totally fine with taking the next available table. We were seated 5 minutes after my reservation time (not a problem), at an incredibly small, slightly uncomfortable table right next to the kitchen. I don't have a particularly big butt, and I'm on the slim side, and this table was so closed to the one next to it that I couldn't even help but bump into it - and there were guests seated at it. A table that small shouldn't even exist in a restaurant like this.Our server was great, not outstanding and not what I expected given the prices and atmosphere. What is really making me give this place 4 stars is that our food was amazing. Their "house" chardonnay was actually quite good and we didn't wait that long to receive our orders. I ordered a steak with peppercorn sauce, I believe, and my boyfriend ordered a 16 oz porter. If I ever visit again, I'll probably choose to wait a bit longer for a better seat. But overall an interesting dining experience, not perfect, but just okay.
4	We were in Vegas on a cool October Saturday morning trying to find a spot for breakfast that wasn't Denny's or McDonald's.  We stumbled upon folks enjoying breakfast at a french-looking cafe at ... you guessed it, Paris Hotel.  We went in and were promptly seated just inside the bar area (not in the outside air, but close enough to feel the breeze and still enjoy a view of the strip).  We had great service from an extremely attentive waiter and an even better meal.  This is the kind of place where you order two eggs and they give you four, so be careful.  It was some of the best bacon I've ever tasted ... and enjoying a screwdriver made it even better.  There seemed to be no shortage of folks drinking alcoholic drinks at 10:00 in the morning (screwdrivers, mimosas, belinis, and bloody marys).  My wife had the belini and said it was the best one she'd ever had ... she's not with me while I write this review, but I believe it's pear juice and champagne.Quick and Dirty review:Atmosphere - Very relaxing and clean ... I'm willing to bet it's even better on a cool evening for dinner (especially with the lights of the strip and Bellagio fountain show going on)Food - Excellent (good portions)Service - Satisfactory (visible and attentive, but not so much where it gets annoying)Summary - I could eat breakfast and/or dinner here every day of the week (I'm guessing lunch might get a little hot in Vegas).  I went there with my wife of 7 years, but for some reason it seems like a good first date spot ... probably because it's got a Paris cafe theme to it.
2	3rd time was not a charm . . . . .Finished a conference in LAS, was nearby and needed lunch. Have eaten midday in the past with good results.Table for 1? - greeted with dysfunction, a 40 minutes wait  and poor attitudes,, bypassed the greeters and I  went to sit in the bar and it was full, though surrounded by  lots of open tables?Round 2 - seated when pressed with the situation, was that so hard?waited, waited, waited, waited, waited,Ordered the skate wing, 20 minutes later oops, apologies that it was taken off the menu yesterday, when the chef didn't like the looks of the delivery. Ordered the London Broil Sandwich of the day.Round 3 - Cold, poorly presented and clearly sat under the lights for too long. Should I complain or suck it up?  The ladies next to me were knee deep in arguing about their check and service . . . . Conclusion - Ate, paid, and left - probably won't return.
5	What can I say...always fabulous, every time we get off the plane, whether I'm with my Mom, my boyfriend, my friends, doesn't matter...this is where we come first! The hash is AMAZING, the service is always with a smile and efficient. The venue itself is fantastic and just all around one of my favorite Vegas restaurants.
5	This is a very, very tardy review of one server only.  She is Server No. 44 (that's the tag she wears), and her name is Tammy.  If you read my review from September 2011, you already know I'm as huge Tammy fan for her awesome service.  Fast forward to May 2012 and we're having brunch at Mon Ami Gabi.  A nice fellow is waiting on us....and I have to pause to say that every server we've been in contact with here has been super professional and on top of it...just first class.  Anywhoozle, we start in on this guy about ordering our London broil benedicts.  He goes back to the kitchen and asks if they can make this, and as the story goes, Tammy over hears him.  She says to him, "Is it a couple...did they order bellinis?"  Next thing we know, here come Tammy to our table with a super nice little surprise for my wife!  She remembered us from before and just came to say hello.....are you kidding me!!!!  She remembered what we ordered, where we sat, and that the other customers ordered the same brunch after seeing ours.  Ha!  Fantastic!!Tammy, you are awesome......and we will ask for you when we're there for brunch in February.  Don't bother bring menus, you know what we're having!  :)
4	Had a great birthday dinner!  Steak frites, yum!  Great cut of steak, killer frites ( hint: order them crispy!). Really lovely server.Returned Sat. for breakfast, they lost our order and we waited a long time for food.  Very good when it finally came out! Manager was great and comped us on part of the meal, very apologetic,  server was mealy and obviously ready or his shift to end.Will go back there again.  ( mon Ami's keep some milk at the wait stations, I had to ask numerous times to get some for my coffee both iits, why does staff has to go to the bar for it?)
2	Still not one of my favorites. And I definitely wouldn't eat here for dinner unless the weather is warmer b/c now it's getting almost too chilly at night to sit outside.  Lunch is still a great option while the sun is out.The escargot was very good!  But I ordered the Dover Sole dinner special {$35.95} and it was super bland. There was a good amount of fish like 4 pieces [one had a bone in it which was kinda gross but happens]. It was served with barely cooked spinach and potatoes. Thank God it came with a 1/2 of lemon b/c that was the only flavor on the dish. I salted and peppered it as well.  It just was a very unimpressive meal I didn't even clean my plate...Everyone else ordered the steak and frites which seemed to go down pretty well. Service was very good so 1 star was for service.
5	Great service, wonderful food.  Expect to pay about $80 per person for two courses and wine.  I had the waitress recommended filet mignon with an incredible merlot reduction.  We were lucky enough to have a table just inside of the patio, and the patio doors were rolled back, giving us the incredible backdrop of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our waitress accidentally dripped some red wine on my shirt and she immediately ran to get some soda water and she cleaned it out for me.
4	I've eaten there many times, great food and knowedgable staff
2	The complimentary bread and pickled beets were really yummy to start with.  But it would have been nice if we were offered seconds.  For dinner I had the barramundi fish special and my husband had the blue cheese steak.  The fish was nothing special, steak was pretty tasty.  Both meals really needed to have another side - I ordered the market veggies which came with a yummy broth. My DH had a salad.  We sat inside.  It was super crowded so not much of an atmosphere.  Our waiter was GREAT, especially considering how crazy busy it was tonight.  Even with no drinks the bill ended up being nearly $100.  Sorry, not worth it.  Should have gone to Outback for better food and half the price.
4	Dined here for the first time. The food was excellent, the waiter was fantastic and the prices reasonable for Vegas. Only issue was the lack of  restrooms. You have to go out of the restaurant back into the casino.I would definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Wonderful! Love this place!!!!
3	Got seated here for a family dinner and some friends and our server was very friendly and helpful. Ordered the steak with the delicious fries (so thin and tasty) kinda reminds me of in and out...couldnt stop eating the fries. The steak was good as well. I do not remember anything else but they do have a nice seating outside of the strip to eat and watch people. Would recommend this place!
4	Packed frequently, and somewhat reasonably priced for the strip.  Not bad steaks and delicious sides.
4	While I was back in Vegas for a conference a small group of us decided to drop by and grab a meal.  It was about 8 pm and it was packed and a long line of people waiting to get in.  The hostess told us it would be 1.5 to 2 hrs....wow!  We could get seated right away if we sat outside....but it was raining off/on, so we'd have to take a chance.  I walked outside and they have umbrellas, so we took a chance and chose to get seated immediately.Luckily for us it didn't rain while we dined...ha!  I ordered:Filet Mignon Merlot - (w/Butter, Red Wine Reduction) $34.95Macaroni Gratin - $6.95....to wash it down, we ordered a bottle of Malbec for $58.While we waited for our food, it rained a little bit.  However, with the umbrellas and patio space heaters, we were comfortable and dry.  It was actually kind of cool to sit outside on the Las Vegas Strip and watch the clouds pass overhead and rain on the city.  In the 20+ yrs I lived in Vegas, I never had an experience like that.  Having Wine during the rainfall was even better.The food came out after a while and my Filet was cooked perfectly.  I ordered it Medium-Well with just a little "pink".  The Red Wine Reduction was heavenly and smooth on the palate.  The Mac Gratin was rich and complimented the Filet very well.Overall, it was an awesome dining experience.  Don't know if I can replicate the ambiance and scenario.  The waiter was super cool and handled the weather/packed restaurant situation very well.Return Factor - 100%
5	I've eaten at their Chicago area location and I loved it.  So when I cam to Vegas and saw the awesome location of this one...had to go there and see it for myself.It is deceptively large inside the restaurant; several dining areas along with the famous Veranda with a view of the strip.  Sit there in the late Spring and early fall for a nice comfortable outside dining experience and watch all the jealous folk walk by and stare at your meal.Possible the best part about the restaurant is it's French theme and decor... when I walked in I swear I had seen the view from my eyes in some scene from some movie... good feeling.Though the prices are more expensive than their other locations I suppose it is comparable and priced accordingly to the caliber of cuisine they offer coupled with their location.  Nonetheless, their breakfast menu is reasonable and they have some good coffee options that remind me of sitting in a French Cafe.  Most people forget about breakfast but theirs is one of my favorites in Vegas.As for the rest of the food, meats, salads and desserts are finely cooked, beautifully served and, of course, expectantly delicious.
4	Tasty, and not too expensive French fare located at the Paris.  If you sit outside, you get a great view of the Bellagio fountains.Wasn't sure which steak I wanted, but general Yelp consensus seems to be the Steak Bordelaise is the way to go and I concur.  The frites are super thin and crispy unlike traditional fries, but I think they complement the steak well.The warm brie and garic is an excellent appetizer if you aren't worried about your breath.  They also give you a complimentary baguette with butter, but it was way too hard despite being freshly baked.  The carrot spread they give you is weird too.
4	Every time I've been in Vegas, I've always eyed this cute little cafe that's right outside of the Paris Hotel & Casino. This time, I had the time to stop by and made reservations on Open Table in advance! :)FYI, if you want to sit outside in the patio area, there's a separate waiting list (even if you've already made reservations) and that can take about 10-15 more min.Ambiance:-Very intimate, cozyService:-Waiters/waitresses very great, very friendly and polite.. but it did take a while for me to get my coffee refillsFood:-Quiche lorraine: Really good! It's not just a slice of quiche, like most restaurants, but you get your whole mini-pie! Definitely filled me up.. and I loved the cheese and the bacon pieces. Very cute place to grab some yummy brunch with some friends! :)
5	Went here for lunch and ordered the seafood crepe and sea scallops. Tasted perfectly with a glass of white wine. Will definitely come back on my next Vegas trips.5 stars for the food and the price5 stars for the service.5 stars for the ambiance.Came back again for breakfast and once again happy with my meal. We ordered the egg benedicts and corn egg and hash. Both were very delicious. The pouched egg was firm just the right, but not too soft.
4	Eat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**Las Vegas... Sin City... the gambling and promiscuous capital in the world... oh WAIT, it's also the city where the best restaurants in the world come together! Located just outside of the Paris hotel, Mon Ami Gabi has some of the best spectator views on the strip with abundant outdoor seating and cozy indoor seating. Enjoy an entree of steak and frites (steak and fries) or indulge yourself in their wonderful french onion soup. As you walk pass the giant Eiffel tower, it's difficult to miss this restaurant. It's usually crowded throughout the day, but it's certainly worth the wait especially if you aren't looking to dine in the $$$$ range until later into your trip. CONCLUSION:Prices are very reasonable (15-25) for Vegas standards, great people watching, spacious restaurant layout, and 3.5 food, 4 ambiance, 5 star prices... making it 4 stars in my book! So I say, EAT IT!!!
3	the baked brie! the sangria was great as well
3	Overhyped. Expensive. Rude staff. But the food is amazing. Went here with reservations. Asked for inside but the staff felt it necessary to tell me (smugly) that an outside table wouldn't be available for 20 min. I had asked for a quiet table. They say me at a tight, small two top near the noisy bar. The greeters, etc. were very rude. Perhaps they were trained in France. The food - now there was nothing wrong there. Service was a bit slow but the food was amazing and worth the wait. Everything was delicious. I might go back here again, but even with great food when the staff is dismissive of my requests I tend to eat elsewhere. There are lots of places to eat in Vegas.
5	Our favorite restaurant in Vegas! The food is phenomenal, the service is excellent! There is often an hour wait for a table but it is definitely worth it.
4	I went here for my birthday lunch, and I was very delighted. We had reservations, and we were taken to our seats immediately. The ambiance outside was perfect. We were sitting on that edge between outside and indoors, and it was quite an excellent way to sit outside without feeling that Vegas heat. I told the waiter right away I needed gluten-free options, and she immediately put in a request for special gluten-free bread and a menu. I had to wait a little longer, like a few minutes after my party was served their bread, but I didn't care. Because I was so excited to have the bread option, I ordered a sandwich. It was one of the best gluten free sandwiches I had. The fries were plentiful and good as well. I wish I would have looked at the dessert menu first, because I would have then scaled back on my fries consumption. I was served a complimentary ice cream sundae, and I could only eat half. I want to try the gluten-free chocolate cake the next time I go.
4	Very popular restaurant, we had to wait about 1/2 hour to get seated for lunch. The most popular place to sit is outside on the patio, because you can watch the people walking by and feel like you're in a French cafe. I had the French Onion soup, my friends had the Lobster Roll sandwich and Chicken-brie sandwich. All were very good. The service was also good, we didn't have to wait very long for our drinks and food. Las Vegas has so many fantastic restaurants and I will definitely return to Mon Ami Gabi.
5	Steak & Frits are the best! Pair them with a good Bourdeux, enjoy the Bellagio fountains and your set!
4	Great place for Brunch!
3	Andy and I went to eat here with my parents in Oct. and the service was ok, food was ok, nothing special here
5	Order the French Toast! Fabulous service. Yelp-recommended breakfast in Las Vegas comes through once again!
5	I'm always scared to try new places because the food often disappoints me but this place have great food from the appetizer to desert and the staff were great from the manager to the host!Great place, great people, great food!The place is a hot spot so get there early or make a reservation!
4	Location, location, location. That's the best thing about this place. Don't get me wrong, the food is pretty good, but what you're paying for is the privilege of dining on the Strip with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Sunday brunch was crowded but we were smart enough to make reservations on our way down there.The outdoor patio is the best spot to dine and if you can't get a seat out there, the space just inside isn't bad. It's like a green house -- light and airy with plenty of windows. Further inside the restaurant the atmosphere changes as the space is darker and more intimate. That might be ideal for dinner, but during the day your best bet is the patio.The cream of mussel and saffron soup was decent but the prominent "seafood" flavor made it obvious that it wasn't made with the freshest ingredients. The brie and butternut squash quiche ($12.95) was a whole, round, individual-sized quiche. The flaky, crispy crust was the highlight of dish. Not wanting a dish that was too heavy, the lobster tartine ($17.95) was the way to go. Unfortunately, the creamy, citrus flavors dominated the taste of the dish.The restaurant is family-friendly. Yes, they've got a kid's menu. The chicken fingers and fries ($6.95) come in a TV-dinner-style tray with three large, thickly coated pieces of chicken, apple slices, green beans, and ketchup. So, if you're looking for a somewhat upscale place with good food to bring the family, Mon Ami Gabi is a good bet. And, of course, if you're on a date, you can't beat the outdoor dining.3.5 Stars
2	I was impressed that they had a gluten free menu but there was not one gluten free vegan option so I just asked them to make me quinoa with vegetables.  Somehow what I got was a bowl of broth so I had to try to fish out my meal which now was soaked and had no flavor.  I can't imagine what the chef was thinking when he poured broth over my meal and turned it into soup.
4	*Solid place, steak frites variety is great (many different ways to get it done) and the oysters were BC (which is awesome as we all know)*Spot on service and they make a MEAN martini*reasonable prices
5	What makes Mon Ami Gabi a growing institution in Vegas? It has a pedigree....the Chicago location..and now in Vegas( they have been there since Paris opened)  They have a very professional and committed wait staff.The view at night on the patio is one of the best anywhere in Vegas, and no better place to watch the fountain show at Belagio. The food, especially the steaks with Pomm frites are magnifique!It's got a great vibe even when busy, which is pretty much all the time. They make a great martini. They have an organized and honest system of checking people in when they are slammed. Love the crunchy french baguette with carrots.  They serve a full menu at the bar.Nice french onion soup :)  Mon Ami Gabi Jet' amie
5	The best thing I ate whilst in Vegas over the past 4 days I was there.  I wish we could have sat out on the patio, but it was so cold and windy that night!  The ambiance is dark and romantic, yet warm and welcoming.  It has an old French decor and charm with a great waitstaff.  I was able to grab a reservation for a party of 4 in the cab on my way to the restaurant!  I ordered a salmon which came on a bed of quinoa.  It was cooked perfectly and the citron butter flavor really complimented the fish.  It was light but still filling, and best of all, healthy.  I also had a good chunk of the beef short ribs and the hanger steak, which were both amazing as well.  For $20 a steak that good is a great deal.  The only complaint I have is the frites, which are more like potato chips instead of fries.  I think actual fries would have given the dish more substance, but it IS their signature hand-cut frites...  The menu was simple enough but not underwhelming, food, ambiance, and service was great, and for the quality of the food, these prices seriously cannot be beat.
4	We ate here once before but I'm a slacker that didn't review until visit number two. But, I am happy to say visit two was just as wonderful as number one.I came here for one main reason: the first time I came I saw a group of three European dudes enjoying their lunch like it was their last and I covent my neighbors steak frites. So, yesterday I made reservations at 1:30 for a late lunch. When you order they bring you a baguette for crusty French bread. Thank you, thank you, thank you. It was chilly outside and this was a real treat. We started with some wine. I had the house Merlot which was surprisingly nice for a $8 a glass house wine. Hubby wanted a sauv blanc and the waitress brought two bottles out and had him try each to see which one he liked better. THAT, my friends, is service. Hubby claimed not to be that hungry and ordered one of the specials: French grilled cheese with frites. Now, this seems simple but it had double cream Brie, arugula, avocado and bacon. It was stupid. Crunchy, ooey, gooey, and rich as hell. I got the Steak Roquefort. I felt more than gluttonous when I saw the couple next to me share my lunch. Yeah, I can eat. The only reason I didn't give this five stars is that my steak was a little colder than I would like. Granted I ordered it medium rare but it seemed a little room temp like it sat there waiting for my husband's lunch. The frites were totally different. Think wonton chip like potato strips. I really really wanted a side of blue cheese sauce to dip them in. I was too afraid to ask for it as I thought that may move me from glutton to heathen. All in all, a loaf of bread, three glasses of wine and two entrees,one of which involved steak came to $73 and the service was impeccable. Not kidding, I loved this girl. We have no idea what her name was but she was Asian and had cute glasses. She was charming. I cannot wait to go back. I want to try everything on the menu. Twice. And not in one sitting, though I thought about it.
1	Had omelette for breakfast . Everything was fine. Come lunch time , service was terrible. They took one hour to bring our lunch. Besides, my friend ordered what was supposed to be a vegeteriann dishh, and they had bacon in it. This my friend realized halfway through his lunch.
4	I come here every time I go to Vegas. Love the ambiance, love the view, and LOVE the food! Great quality of food and that fancy restaurant feel without an exorbitant price.
4	Fantastic food inside Paris Las Vegas.  Had the Filet which was spectacular.  Wonderful service that you'd expect for the price range.  Highly recommended!
4	I was having such a hard time finding the perfect place for me, myself and I the other night while my husband was attending a conference in Vegas.  I finally decided that I'd treat myself to a little romantic view of Bellagio fountains and came upon Mon Ami Gabi.  The wait time was pretty long for a single gal, but I put my name in for the outside area with the promise of 45 minutes.  Inside seating was about the same, however after I checked in I realized they seat via open table.  I then made a reservation for 15 minutes later and when I went to the hostess, she said she could seat me at that time (which was about 30 minutes earlier than what I was previously quoted so...internet res's have priority?)Anyway, I opted to wait the extra time just to have the view and dang it was really worth it!!  I had basically front and center to the beautiful fountain show.  I ordered a burger (I know, right?) - French cuisine isn't really my thing.  I did enjoy the carrot salad and bread and splurged on a glass of rose that was the perfect complement to my solo dining adventure.
5	Delicious. Great selection, and everything was very fresh. Solid cocktail menu with dinner, and the Chicken Grandmere / Sea Scallops we ordered were plenty and very flavorful. Warm chocolate tart for dinner, and we had a delicious dinner/dessert/drinks for under $100. Not a bad deal if you ask me.Side note- Sean was a great waiter. Very friendly, and he was extremely knowledgeable with the menu. Always refreshing to have that experience, seems to be a dying art form in restaurants today.
1	(edited on 11/17/12)I have been there about 7 times. I like to sit outside - to watch Bellagio fountain show. Food quality wise, you can't compare to Robuchon or Bouchon - Mon Ami Gabi is a French version of Denny's. That's for sure. Or maybe worse... I've had Ground Ahi Tuna Burger and Bacon Cheese Burger - nothing special, nothing better than burgers at Hard Rock Cafe.I've had seafood crepe - it is OK. Seafood is not fresh. Could be using frozen seafood.Gratin - greasy - heavy - rich - if you like to gain fat, this should be fine. I am worried if someone get heart attack. Trout - i remembered it was no good. Fish and Chips - very thin sliced fish make it pretty greasy. Kinda same as one at Todd English at Aria. (it was my fault to get fish&chips at French bistro, yo know)(newly edited) I USED to like all their mousse and pate - along with oysters to pair with wine - with a great fountain view. However, I went back and it was a huge disappointment.Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail - when the server put the dish on our table, something was wrong - shrimps looked kinda brown - we thought it was some sort of spices,,, then as soon as we ate it, we realized that it was an unfresh, oxidized shrimp! It tasted like dirt. Horrible! I'm sure they use the same old shrimps for other dishes. Gross!Liver Mousse and Pate - I guess no one orders these items here - I could tell because all the edges were all dried out - pretty disgusting. Endive salad - It is not a great experience to have green leaves turn brown and wilt. Mussels - bad,,,,, They didn't break my expectation. NOT FRESH! At this point, I was concerned about food poisoning. So, I asked to get a check. It was enough...When the food, especially seafood, gets old, they should throw them away - because you know, there is a risk of spreading food poisoning! Don't give me these stained shrimps, dude.Btw, frites are better than Lay's potato chips. Complimentary Baguette is pretty terrible. You can get better baguettes cheaper at Albertson's.My suggestion - never get seafood here if you know what decent seafood tastes like. Just get burgers - cheap and simple. I guess those people who are giving 5 stars just eat burgers and steaks, not seafood. Service - not that great - too busy all the time - my server wasn't nice at all - she didn't stop at our table. No refills. I saw she was chatting for a while at another table, tho. You will see all the men in black here - they indeed look professional in a funny way - but imagine if they change it to Denny's uniforms - surly enough, they would fit really well.Also, when I made a reservation today (Sat. Nov 10 2012 around lunch time), the hostess was really rude over the phone.  This is Karma on Yelp, haha.I have been going there to see Bellagio, not to enjoy food and service, but it was way too terrible.... I will never go back again.1 star is for Bellagio's fountain show.
3	Nice street side seating. Enjoyed the brunch (Eggs Benedict) and bloody mary bar. Overall a good experience and would return.
4	All I can say is "Wow!"Of course, $74 plus tip plus valet for breakfast for 2 should create a lot of Wow. And it did.Seems even for breakfast, reservations a must.Would have given it 5 stars but the walk from valet to the restaurant was a bit tiresome. Still, that's what one ought to expect in Las Vegas. At least we didn't have to walk through the casino to get to the restaurant.We went to Bouchon for dinner, and I have a feeling Mon Ami Gabi would compare favorably.
5	Love this place! We normally fly into Las Vegas on a red-eye from HI and have started making it a tradition to eat our first meal of the day at Mon Ami Gabi.  This past trip we got to eat outside on the patio which was very nice.  The food was great! I ordered the poached Eggs with corned beef hash and shared the fruit bowl with my family.  The Eggs were perfectly poached and the corned beef was very tasty.  I also had a few bites of my son's Skinny Cinnamon pancakes, they were fantastic!  Our server was good, it did not take very long for her to take our orders or for our food to arrive.  Overall a great experience and will continue to visit them everytime we visit.
2	I might be biased, considering my last trip was to paris- the real paris not vegas paris.. Oh gosh- a pounded piece of meat with a "bernaise sauce" made with cheap wine, cooking oil and dried tarragon. Not my cup of tea! a warm brie slice the width of a cracker- microwaved with 3 pieces of brioche- wth?! A bunch of people either wearing tennishoes with cameras around their necks or dressed like hookers. I dined at appoximately 9 pm- a bit early for prostitution, don't you think?The best part of my meal was the wine- priced at a very reasonable 9/glass. The service was good, but I dont think I will ever, ever, ever visit again.
5	This was the single best restaurant I visited while in Vegas. It is located at the front of the Paris Hotel & Casino on Las Vegas Blvd. While waiting at bar to be seated (about 15 min) the bar tender (Tyson N) was excellent and attentive even though he was swamped with drink orders. Once seated on the patio (across the strip from the Bilagio fountains) I watched as the fountains kept in sync with great songs by Frank Senatra, the Beattles and Michchael Jackson to name a few. The atmosphere was great and the waitress (Shelia H) perfect. The food was incredible: I ordered oysters on the half shell: a bit on the small side, but very tasty, escargot with a wonderful garlic and butter flavor, a Cesar salad and a glass of Kronenbourg. I could not have asked for a better dining experience and was not expecting such high quality at such a fair price in Vegas. Topped the night off with several hours at the roulette table and left a happy man. :-) Next time I am in Vegas I will likely stay at paris for easy access to this restaurant. Loved it!
5	Cute and cozy restaurant located across the Bellagio.  If you can sit outside, you can watch the fountains while eating!Free delicious bread! yay carbs!First time trying escargo (appetizer.  approx $10) and lobster (came in the seafood platter for approx $50 which feeds two: two lobster, four jumbo shrimps, four oysters, seaweed salad, and two cracker baguettes with avocado, salmon sashimi, and tomatoes dip).  Try to get reservations.  This place gets packed and I could definitely see why.
4	Great ambiance...great food and an excellent server. The braised lamb was delicious and the brie, honey and garlic appetizer was a great starter. Our server was absolutely awesome- extremely attentive and very knowledgeable. We asked his opinion between two wines and even though one was only available by the glass he gave us the bottle and even offered multiple tastings of like selections. Classy, lively and filling. Definitely recommend it!
4	Totally unexpected  -  had a great breakfast here outside, overlooking the strip.Service very good; interior decor unexpectedly large and awesome; food was *great* - they really nailed it, in fact.  One of the best renditions of French Onion Soup I've ever tasted anywhere, and the coffee was Intelligentsia (also Chicago - just like Lettuce Entertain You that owns Mon Ami Gabi) - which is unexpectedly great coffee in the center of The Strip.Prices are *extremely* reasonable given the location.Re: the other reviews - Yes, I love the fancy steakhouses too - this doesn't try to be them - but the food is well-executed and head and shoulders above Denny's or IHOP. :)  No, nobody is going to confuse this with actually being in Paris...Really looking forward to going back for Dinner on my next trip.
5	This could be one of the top restaurants I have ever been to.The staff are just excellent, and know many different cocktails and preparations of the food on and off the menu.  One can tell the staff is trained.Try the Croque Madam (that's with an egg, cooked to your liking), and sit on the patio and people watch in Vegas.A reservation is highly recommended, as wait times can be long....
4	Wednesday November 21, 2012UPDATE : As you read the review below, please take the following into account. I was personally contacted by phone, by the manager of Mon Abi Gami, Constantin Alexander, who was sincerely apologetic and made a nice offer to make it right which we will accept.He was able to find my number through my online reservation.Hats off to Constantin at Mon Ami Gabi for caring about customer service ! I'll adjust the rating accordingly.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------My original review ....Visited 7PM Monday November 19, 2012Like everyone these days, we are short on funds and time. So, when we went to Vegas for a short 2 day vacation (our first in five years) we spent a lot of time researching where we were going to dine.Reviews looked good for Mon Ami Gabi - so we decided to treat ourselves.We made a reservation, arrived early and asked to be placed on the patio waiting list. We did have a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains. For appetizer, I had the French Onion soup. It was good, but nothing special. We make better at home. I was surprised at how fast it came out. I thought that would be great. but....Our salads came out almost immediately too, it was average too, and our entree only a few short minutes after the salads arrived. Way too fast, like they were trying to turn tables which is strange because there was no wait for walk ins when we left.Part of the way into the steak, which was also OK but not worth the price - think Outback grade steak - they turned on the overhead heaters built into the building. We were very comfortable outside before but these were so hot, my forehead felt like it was burning and my wife became ill.When I called them manager over, I told him we'd like to stay , have desert and relax but it was so hot we were going to have to leave. He just said "We turn those on to suit the needs of the entire patio, and someone always complains about them being hot."What he didn't do was invite us to come back inside and have desert, maybe at a slight discount even, at one of the many empty tables, or apologize in the least. Hmmm... he obviously didn't know or care how long I'd waited and saved to have a nice dinner and getaway with my wife.The good parts - the frittes (french fries) - were really good as was the free bread... all else very average. The responsiveness to the customer, way below average. It was also quite pricy. For that price we were expecting exceptional, not everage.Just FYI - the night before we dined off the strip at  the Brio Tuscan Grill just south of the Strip in Town Square. It far exceeded expectations. Each item we had was wonderful, perfectly timed. We spent $40 less there and had TWICE as good an experience.We did decide we'll get to Vegas more, maybe a couple of times a year, guess where we will be having dinner....? We'll go to Brio and then watch the Bellagio fountains from the sidewalk. I am sure it will be a much better experience all the way around.Besides my repeat business, they also lost the business of a $100 gift card we were going to buy for our Son for when he and his girlfriend come to Vegas in February.My guess would be, like so many businesses these days, they don't really care. I'll send them a copy of this and bet that I never hear back....Just FYI.. I TRIED to email them, but their contact system does not work properly.. oh well, I guess snail mail will have to do
2	French onion soup -- um, looked horribly, tasted watery.Sandwich not so good.  Burger eh.Waitress was nice.
5	I had dinner at this restaurant years ago when it first opened and had a splendid steak with a Merlot butter.  I returned this past weekend for breakfast as I had been doing some research and this was highly recommended for breakfast.  We did not wait at all, but were there relatively early @ 9-10am for breakfast.  I am a foodie who studied to be a pastry chef years ago and love nothing more than a great meal where every bite brings simple and complex flavors to perfection... not to mention that french food is my utmost favorite ! The decor is very much a french bistro/cafe style which is somewhat elegant, yet comfortable and not stuffy.  You could dine here and get a good feel for what dining in France would be.  If you wish to people-watch then ask to sit on the patio, but I found it very loud with the traffic & music playing and opted the next day to sit on the inside patio, which was much quieter and more intimate.  Everything on the menu looked delicious.  I had the eggs benedict special, which included mushrooms and watercress, along with a delicate croissant (served warm) & french coffee.  My friend had the ham & gouda omelet with hash browns that were like no other I've ever had and I'd swear they were cooked in duck fat b/c they were so rich and flavorful.  The next day I returned to have the ham & cheese crepe and it was every bit as good as the prior day, if not better.  The croissant melts in your mouth and smothered with the raspberry preserves it was perfection. I was almost embarrassed to enjoy the meal as much as I did.  If you love french food, or simply delicious food, every bite will leave you waning more and you'll go home looking forward to the day you can go back again.  Next stop:  FLEUR
3	So I finally had the chance to dine at Mon Ami Gabi, which I've been wanting to do for quite some time now. The service was excellent but I am sad to report that I was not impressed with their food. I ordered the Escargot for my starter and Steak Classique for my entree'. The escargot was not bad but I've had better (in Nice :-) and at Orange Hill Restaurant in SoCal). The steak sounded really good based on the description on the menu and I think I read a review here on Yelp from someone who said it was the best he's ever had but unfortunately, it was just alright for me.
4	Their signature dish, steak frites, is excellent and I get it everytime I eat here. The skate was great also (I have never had skate anywhere outside of France and this was better than what we had on the seashore in France!).  Their service is outstanding and their fresh bagettes are worthy of a Parisian bistro!!!  Keep up the good work.
2	We went here for Thanksgiving dinner and had a terrible dining experience.  The bus boy spilled an entire glass of our wine over the table and it got all over the front of my father's shirt.  They were quick to get a bunch of napkins to soak up the mess on the table and then eventually changed out the table cloth, but I had to request that they bring us soda water immediately to try to get the red wine out of his shirt!  The manager came over and didn't do a good job dealing with the situation.  He lamely offered to pay for my father's dry cleaning if the stain didn't come out.  No offer to replace the glass of wine or take anything off of the bill for the inconvenience.  So my dad had to sit there with a wet shirt for the remainder of the meal and wasn't compensated in any way.  Nor did the manager return to our table (as he promised) to provide his business card so that we could take him up on the offer to pay for the dry cleaning.  Very unprofessional.To top it off, as we were eating our extremely mediocre turkey dinner, the waitstaff was panicked -- running around saying "86 the holiday desserts!  86 the holiday desserts!!!  Are we even HAVING Thanksgiving dinner anymore??!?!"  The kitchen had clearly underplanned and run out of the pecan tart and pumpkin bread pudding by 8:15 pm.  It was very distracting and unpleasant to have the staff yelling right near our table as we tried to eat our meal.  Somehow, our waiter managed to put two tarts and a bread pudding on hold so we still got ours even after this whole debacle about the kitchen being out of them, albeit they were cold and didn't hold a candle to the bread pudding at Gordon Ramsey Steak.Not recommended.
5	This is one of best restaurants I have been to.  We went here for my friend's 50th birthday dinner.  I made reservation for 6 people.  We were seated right away at a table inside with a view for Bellagio fountains.  LOved the view.  The staff were so friendly and helpful and patient.   We briefly mentioned that it was my friend's birthday and they brought out a little dessert for her.  Each of us ordered a different type of steak.  We actually tried all of the steaks.  each steak entree was about mid 20s price range.  We certainly come back.  Next time, we want to come back for breakfast.
4	Went twice for breakfast - much easier to get in early.  The patio seating in nice - especially for people watching, but a good meal can be had anywhere inside.The eggs benedict and steak and eggs were huge, and the muffins are pretty tasty and filling too.  The make-your-own Bloody Mary's is a fun diversion - you're your own best or worst enemy there.Friendly hostesses and servers, lots of life and activity.  Great laid back restaurant.
4	I felt just like I was back in Paris.Mon Ami Gabi is just across the street from the Bellagio fountains, in (you guessed it!) the Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino.  As you walk in, you get the sense that there are multiple layers of this bistro.  First, wooden booths and a truly "inside" feel, and then you step into the atrium, which has lots of light and round cafe tables.  Or, you could continue outside to the patio with a great view of the Strip and the fountain show (or in my case, protestors).  Depends on your mood and the weather!We started with a mini carafe of the St. Germaine cocktail - so refreshing and it filled both of our glasses, twice.  Then we ordered the duck confit, which was tasty but maybe a little under-seasoned.  I did enjoy my open-faced tuna melt with artichokes and olives, and my man's seafood crepes were excellent.  The presentation was also worthy of an Instagram photo posted to Facebook.  Nothing like a little food porn to liven up the scene!And the service:  our waiter Jose was good enough to warrant a compliment to his boss.   He had this way of just making everything perfect, and we had the sense that he genuinely wanted to meet all of our needs.  When he told us he'd see us at breakfast (slick ploy for repeat business) I truly wanted to be there the next day - I just couldn't wake up in time!
4	We've been here a few times in the past for lunch and keep coming back.  This place is really good and we always leave happy.  We ordered the Croque Monsieur (sandwich), Steak Bordelaise, and a Caesar salad.  All were great and the servers were very attentive as well.  They have outside seating too, which is perfect at lunch time in November.  The sun was out and temperature at lunch was in the low 70's.  If you go on a Sunday, the fountains at the Bellagio just across the way provide added entertainment too.  We love this place.
5	I came back again for brunch and this time was smart enough to order the quiche right off.  It was just as heavenly as I remembered--- even more so, because I had tried to make it at home according to the recipe the chef emailed me (see last review), and I now knew that it was pretty tricky to get exactly right.The boyfriend ordered the corned beef hash, upon recommendation from the waiter and he was beyond impressed.  Who'd've thunk that simple old corned beef with an egg on top would be so satisfyingly delicious?The waitstaff was a little irked that we asked to move to a table with more sunlight, and I don't blame them, as we were in the middle of brunch rush, messing up their seating arrangement, but they were nice enough to still accommodate our request (it was a bit chilly that morning).My most important tip for you:  if you so choose to order a latte (they can make it vanilla), go ahead and order the "bowl" for an extra few dollars.  A $6 latte comes in a cup not much bigger than an espresso cup, much to my dismay.  It wasn't the price so much as it was that I just wanted more coffee than that.  It was delicious, regardless.As always, the atmosphere was charming, and the Bellagio fountains were playing at full force for us.Remains my favorite spot on the strip to eat!
4	One of my favorite places on the Strip. The food is nice and I love the potato Frite's, they are like the super skinny, thin and crispy-crunchy fries you look for. The service staff is extremely gracious and lovely. Wherever you are seated within the restaurant its got charm and great atmosphere! I will be back here every single time I come to Las Vegas, I am planning on it!!!
4	Very good, you should seat outdoor.
5	Great service, perfect ambiance, food was amazing, AND prices were the most fair of any other place I've seen on the strip! Will DEFINITELY be coming back every time I go to Vegas!
4	This place was absolutely amazing! From the ambiance of a cafe in Paris, to every bite of food, everything was top notch. Dining here was the best culinary experience in Vegas.  There was a reason why the bill came to nearly $55 just for lunch. The french onion soup was the best I've ever had, too bad I can't eat that everyday. The corned beef and poached eggs was to die for, freshly cut corned beef that is. I love that they give you bread right of the oven! The frangia was delicious, french wine mixed with grand mariner and fruit. My bf ordered the quise and a banana muffin, also out of this world. Again, he could eat their banana muffins everyday.  I was thoroughly impressed with this restaurant and I will be returning the next time I'm in Vegas.Lastly, the prices were actually reasonable for Vegas. Your not always going to find the best restaurants solely in the hotel your staying at, venture out onto the strip and see what Vegas has to offer.
4	This place is pretty god, and the price is not bad as well. If you come here get seating on the patio if the wait is not too long. It is nice in the fact you are across the way from the Bellagio and you can see the fountain show while you eat. Also if it is a cold night they do keep it nice and warm with all of their heat lamps. I had a steak with a blue cheese butter which was very good, and we shared a duck appetizer that was very good, and just fell off the bone without a knife. If your looking for a good meal at a not too bad price try giving this place a shot.
4	I went to Mon Ami Gabi for dinner with my boyfriend. We didn't have a reservation and the hostess told us it would be a 45-60 minute wait, but we got in after only 20 minutes. We had a great seat outdoors with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.Service: Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.Food: The bread we got at the beginning of the meal was not warm and was so hard that we couldn't eat it. We received a small plate "compliments of the chef" with two small quail eggs topped with caviar. SO DELICIOUS! Not sure if it was on the menu, but I would've loved to have more.We shared the filet mignon. It was perfectly cooked and extremely tender! The pommes frites were seasoned nicely and complemented the dish. We also ordered a side of garlic spinach. It had just the right amount of garlic flavor without overpowering the spinach. My Shirley Temple was one of the best I've ever had at ANY restaurant!Overall, we had an exceptional dining experience filled with delicious food and great service!
5	Hands down my favorite french cafe/bistro i have ever been. I never walk out of this restaurant not satisfied. First of all, best location to watch the Bellagio fountains. Second of all, i recommend coming here at lunch time, the open/indoor area is really bright and pretty. Whenever, I order the burger here and it comes out super juicy and delicious. I have had the open faced crab sandwich and that was delicious as well. I have seen many people order the soup and it looks really cool on how it is presented in, a big tea pot poured at table side.
4	I was really excited to eat here last weekend while I was in Vegas with my girlfriends. I had come here back in June with my boyfriend but I happened to get super sick that day, so I couldn't eat anything. I wasn't about to let anything stand in my way this time! It was my best friends birthday celebration so we made a reservation and headed over to Paris. There was a wait as they said they were running behind, so we grabbed a buzzer and waited about 5 minutes. We were shown to our table which was right next to a window (and a vent)...us being girls and ready for a night on the town, our party dresses weren't exactly adequate for the temperature in there. We were frozen but determined to enjoy ourselves. We actually ended up asking if we could be moved because the inner part of the restaurant was a lot warmer, and there were some empty tables. Our server told us that the restaurant was full but she could bring us napkins/tablecloths to wrap ourselves in. WTF??? We ended up moving to the table right beside ours which offered some mild relief. We ordered drinks and started with the warm brie as an appie. and it was amazing. The bread brought to our table was rock hard and difficult to eat/cut...after we had a few pieces, our server took our plates before we got the Brie so we had nothing to eat on. For our mains I ordered the beef medallions wrapped in bacon, they were awesome. All of the food tasted heavenly, but our server never once returned to our table to ask how things were. We actually had to flag her down at one point because we were finished and one of us wanted to order something else. They did bring out a little dessert with a candle for my besties birthday, which I thought was sweet. The food was truly exceptional but the service was pretty brutal. However, I'll likely come back to sit on the patio for that gorgeous view. Perhaps we just had an off night with a bad server.
4	A breathtaking view at the top of the Eiffel + dinner at Mon Ami Gabi after = romantic date! And that is exactly what my hubby and I did one weekend in Vegas! He took me up to the top of the tower and saw the whole city of Las Vegas! The view was aaaaamazing! We dined in for dinner late Sunday night and there was numerous of vacant seats indoor. It was freezing outside and there were more patrons seated outdoor than indoor! Well, thank goodness for those warm heat lamps! We chose to sit outdoors on the patio next to one of those heat lamps! The location of this restaurant is great because it sits right in front of Bellagio's water show. It was nice to see what water dance every 15 minutes. :)Okay, so the dinner. We ordered smoked salmon with cream cheese as an appetizer and for our entrees I ordered their giant scallops and my hubby ordered a steak. The smoked salmon was super delish and very fresh. I can honestly say this is probably one of my favorite appetizers. My scallops were just as good. Very soft and flavorful.  My entree also came with mashed potatoes topped with brussel sprouts. Who would have known that the combination of the two would be very tasty?! My hubby enjoyed his steak though he thinks it tasted mediocre. Our server was very generous. I asked for hot water (since it was so cold!) and he made sure my water was warm throughout the night. He even replaced my pot of hot water with a new one! He was very attentive and took good care of us! :) This is a place I would recommend for others to try. I would love to come back for brunch one day considering it's high reviews!
5	Great lunch spot with reasonable pricing! The food and drinks were delicous.
5	Mon Ami Gabi had exceeded my expectations. Originally, I had thought it would be like it's brothers on the strip- expensive and not too tasty. However, I was pleasantly surprised. What really got me was the prices. My party and I had ordered a streak (I don't remember the name, only that it was "classic") and a filet mignon with a merlot reduction, french onion soup, and pate. Our tap came out to be $87, which I thought was pretty good in comparison to other restaurants on the strip, as well as how good everything tasted! I dare say that my filet mignon might have been the best one that I've ever had! The sauce was spot-on! I am the type that likes their meat more flavorful, so the filet was all that I've dreamed of and more. Everything else we had was delicious, though I was far too stuffed for dessert! I had no problems with the service as everything came out at a very consistent speed, and the waitress was oh so attentive.
4	Mon Ami gabi does a consistently good job serving bistro fare in a bistro atmosphere. This is Vegas Strip; how many 1000s of plates do they serve a day? I think it would be unfair to compare to your favorite petite Paris boite, no?That said, we've always had great cocktails, sparkling wine and sandwiches. The creamless celery root soup is delicious. Also like the presentation of the fries. Atmopsphere in the inner patio is actually more pleasant than the outside patio, unless you want to gawk at tube tops and frozen drinks. However, I must say, this restaurant is the *only* reason to come to Paris -- the casino and hotel itself seems very downmarket and dowdy (and yes, I have been to Eiffel Tower restaurant).
5	Get the steak frites! It was the best thing I ate along with the quiche lorraine and macaroni gratin which I thought was very bland. The steak frites was the perfect hearty meal for breakfast. Go early and get a table outside so you can watch the people walking down the strip being drunk or take the walk of shame!
3	Good service and friendly staff.It was good food, but not great. I had the short rib.  the rib was tender and flavorful.  The sides were ok.  I just don't know, it wasn't spectacular and I don't think I would come back for dinner. My wife said this was a great lunch place I would probably agree based on the lackluster dinner I had.
5	Went for breakfast because a few websites recommended their gluten-free toast.Well the toast didn't blow me away, but the egg/bacon combo and the fruit side was quite well made and I'd go back.So skip the ridiculous lines around the corner for the breakfast buffet - go here instead.And if you order the fruit bouquet, be aware that is is about 75% cantaloupe.It had a good mint syrup for you to dip your fruit into but to be frank, the dish seemed a little lazy.
5	so our dinner could have been a disaster except that the staff turned it around! The manager Nancy was amazing - our meal was delayed significantly but the delicious drinks and apps kept us busy. the food was great, the service was spectacular, and over all experience one that makes me want to go back!
4	I came here for breakfast twice now and Its D E L I C I O U S and sitting outside on the balcony to see the bellagio fountains show adds a awesome touch the the atmosphere.
5	Probably the most authentic Parisian bistro experience on the strip right now (maybe a tie with Bouchon).Always busy.  Great service.  Steak Frites are the default dish here though my most recent Salmon & Leek Quinoa was near perfect.  Ate here four times - never been in the room off the bar - try and snag a "Lake" Bellagio table view if possible.All in all, a great dining experience.
5	Three of us had the steak frite - fantastic!  Reasonable prices and a great meal.
4	Fantastic Brunch with great views and good service. We stopped in around 12 on Saturday and there was a line for the patio seating. We were hungry so we opted to sit anywhere, but we ended up with a seat against the window, facing the Bellagio fountains. Much better than outside!We both had the Eggs Benedict with hash browns and I thought it was really good. Good size meal, decently priced, mimosas and a view! what else could you want?
4	had the chicken grandmere and a side of sauteed mushrooms.  mushrooms were awesomeeeeee.  the chicken was ok.  it was a little dry but some parts were so juicy.  my friends had the filet mignon and one of the steaks and they loved it
5	This was back in August '12, and yes, I'm late, but I wanted to brag how amazing this restaurant was!My buddy from college decided that the guys should get a good dinner in before hitting the strip and starting up all the fun.  He had made prior reservations for Mon Ami Gabi, and had read all the great reviews on chowhound and yelp, and decided that this would be the spot to dine in.  Man, he was definitely right!  I must admit though, I was quite tipsy walking into the restaurant, despite taking 5 or so shots of Gentlemen's Jack, w/2 beers--yeah, pretty drunk by that time :/  The servers at the entrance were super friendly, and had the table waiting for us already. The ambiance of the restaurant is very classic-like; interestingly enough, it doesn't have much of a french look, but rather a good ol' American steak house.  We asked the waitress what would be best recommend, and I simply went with their good recs.  Man, they were so right on the money.  The steak was amazingly delicious, and the crispy fries were just well cooked.  I felt the food portions were just perfect for the price.   The wine with the dinner worked out very well.I honestly wished I was able to remember what went on during our dining....again, being pretty drunk doesn't help in this sort of event :/   So the question is, would i return here again?!  YES!!Overall grade:  A to A+
4	My friends and I came here for brunch/lunch and didn't have to wait long for a table.  It gets packed on the weekends so make reservation if you have a large group!It has a nice ambience to the place.  Seat indoor or outdoor.  You get a great view if seated outdoor in the shades.  Service is great...our waitress is attentive to our needs and if we want something extra or water, she gets it to us right away.  Excellent service!The price is pretty reasonable.We ordered and tried the following:*Onion Soup Au Gratin - It's like you're class French onion soup but even yummier.  The grueyere cheese just melts in your mouth (5/5)*Chicken, Broccoli & Cheese Crepe - It's your classic crepe..delicious and with just the right flavor.  (4/5)*Steak Frites - Apparently it's what some were raving about so overall, it was pretty delicious!  Well marinated and savory.  (5/5)*Sea Scallops Gratinees - It's mixed with caramelized fennel, onion marmalade, and mussel cream.  Sounds yummy?  Yes indeed!  Well-seasoned flavors to go with the sea scallops. (5/5)*Endive & Roquefort Cheese Salad - fresh ingredients..you can definitely taste the freshness!  The roasted barlette pears they added into the salad makes it even yummier! (bonus point) (5/5)So stop by Mon Ami Gabi if you're ever in Vegas to enjoy some yummy food! =)
3	Steak was meh.
5	The food and service were excellent.  Try to eat outside on the patio, not only will you get to enjoy a lovely meal amidst the bustle of the Strip, but you will also get a great show from the Bellagio across the street.  If we ever come back, this restaurant will also be on the list.  Not that this is any big surprise, but a bottle of wine there is 250% more than the equivalent at Walgreens; for the romantically thrifty, stick with water for a bevy.
1	Terrible service.My friends and I came in for lunch on a Saturday morning.  It was crowded, but we had a reservation and were seated right away.  Unfortunately, after we ordered, it took over an hour for our food to arrive.  When it did arrive, it was obvious that the food had been sitting out for quite some time, as it was completely cold.  Most egregiously, my friend's crepe had been sitting out for so long that the sauce had congealed.  We asked to see the manager.  When we explained the problem to him, he was completely unapologetic.  While we understood that the rest of our food might have looked fine to the staff, we showed him my friend's crepe, which was obviously congealed, and explained that it never should have been brought to us like that.  His response was to tell us that maybe we should work at the restaurant.  After this incredibly rude comment failed to convince us to drop the issue, he eventually took her crepe off the bill, and took 50% off the remainder of our entrees.  While this eventual response was appropriate, it would have been nice if his first instinct had been to apologize and try to make up for the restaurant's errors instead of to ridicule our concerns.  The sad thing is the food seemed like it probably would have been delicious if it had been brought to us hot.
3	The French onion soup that the other reviewers suggested was our appetizer. In my opinion, it is not as unique, but rather filled with sodium that makes me scream, "WATER!" The food we ordered was mediocre and we even took the server's suggestion. I believe that individuals come here for the view and not the quality and/or uniqueness of their food.
4	First off, food was great.  I ordered the Steak Bordelaise and it was solidly cooked and seasoned.  Had a little bit of everyone else's food and that was good too.  I only had one gripe about this place.  I don't know if it was me or because I had one too many glasses of scotch but is it too dark in there?!?
4	Great burger and REALLY good fries,,, they're flat strips, kind of a mix between chips and fries...nice outdoor seating area along the strip and our server was wonderful!
4	We arrived around 11 am for a leisurely Saturday brunch on a sunny morning.  We were secretly hoping we could sit out on the beautiful open patio to soak up some Vitamin D, but the 45-minute wait almost put the ravenous D and E over the edge.  Thankfully, the patio waiting list is separate from the rest of the restaurant, and we walked right in and were seated immediately.The front part of the restaurant near the host stand is quite dim, which could be intimate and romantic in the evening but was a bit of a downer for the morning.  Which is why we were thrilled when were seated close to the glass window-ed atrium, adjacent to the patio.  Our server was courteous and kind, bringing us extra brunch menus and then rounding up breakfast menus when we admitted we were hoping to get a late breakfast.  By the time we ordered, he had no qualms about all of us getting breakfast at 11:30, even though the kitchen technically stopped serving breakfast at 11.Our table enjoyed beef hash (with poached eggs!), quiche lorraine, smoked salmon eggs benedict and a mushroom omelette.  The hash brown potatoes served with the egg dishes were crispy, light and simply one of the best we've had.  I was surprised by the light custard texture of my quiche lorraine and enjoyed the chewy chunks of bacon.  However, 3/4 of the way through, I found the rich flavors a bit overwhelming.  The fresh and lightly dressed frisee was an excellent side to my quiche.  Maybe the quiche was just too big of a portion for me?D and E would not stop talking about their beef hash.  They were clearly in love with their dishes.  The coffee was tasty, and the warm crusty baguette they served us while we waited for our dishes was such a relief for our growling bellies.  They amply refilled our bread supply and included a great jam to spread on top.  I tucked the rest of the baguette in my purse as a snack, since they bring the baguette to your table in a paper sleeve, as if it came straight from the farmers market! Though the interior is quite upscale and nice, there were a good number of families with kids and casual diners to keep the atmosphere from feeling too stuffy. :P
4	We were lucky enough to get a table on the patio. The rest of the restaurant is quite dark, but the sunroom is also really nice if there's no space on the patio.We were here for brunch/lunch, so I ordered the quiche lorraine. My friends shared the escargot, and had the chicken crepe, croque monsieur, and chicken and brie sandwich.Everything tasted great, but didn't wow us. Like most French food, everything was quite rich, so it was a pretty heavy lunch. I loved the fries; they were thin and crunchy.We also shared a pitcher of frangria, which was quite strong (we're not huge red wine drinkers), but with some added lime juice it tasted much better.Would love to come back to try their steak.
4	So I'm on the plane to Vegas, and the d-bag in the row ahead of me is plastered and hitting on two girls. He keeps coyly suggesting they hang out when we arrive in Sin City. One of the girls coos, "Where would we go?" (bats lashes)He tells her, "Whenever I meet a beautiful girl in this city, I like to take her to Mon Ami Gabi. The food is amazing, it's not that expensive, and it's very romantic...""Sounds nice," purrs the other. Both girls giggle. Once upon a time I would have rolled my eyes and rifled through the seat compartment for a vomit bag, but more mature these days, my vexation was overpowered by the prospect of a killer restaurant recommendation. Amazing food? Not expensive? Romantic? Sold! Three days after I landed, I managed to convince some pals to join me for a late lunch at this Mon Ami. We all ordered the steak frites, which arrived rare and in slices. It was very tasty, fries and all. I also ordered a cocktail that had gin in it, but the name escapes me. I loved it. We were seated in a hexagonal greenhouse gazebo type thing, white, with all windows. It was quite lovely, actually. I can see why it works for whatshisface. And to think- I never would have found this place if not for the seedy drunk guy on my flight.Moral of the story: Eavesdrop more, to your advantage.
3	We had reservations for our group of 4, in which I specifically requested a table outside.  When we arrived (after walking past the patio that was maybe half full) we were rather rudely told that it would be a 45 minute wait.  Why did I make reservations?!  Given that it was a Friday night, and we had other plans, we elected to sit inside rather than wait.The service for that point on was decent, nothing very impressive.  We waited quite awhile to see our server, and then another long wait before finally placing our dinner order.The food was fantastic. We had escargot, oysters, salads, the roasted chicken, and the scallops.  All were fantastic.  I'll be back, but I certainly hope they find a way to include the patio in their reservation process, especially when it's half full!
5	I love this place!!!! Hands down the best steak sandwich ever!!! I come here every time I go to Vegas!!! I love love love the frites? I think that's what they call the french fries that come with the sandwich? They are so thin and crunchy!!!! It's like a nice crisp taste not like the extremely hard and crunchy taste where you feel like your teeth are at a disadvantage.... I also had the open faced crab salad sandwich!! Loved it as well!! I went on a limb with this one because this place is a steak house... everything with steak should be delicious!... I came here for dinner once with the bf and he ordered the filet mignon.... Omg!!!! It was freakin butter!!! I love this place!!!!
3	I would probably give this restaurant a higher rating, if it weren't for the service.We came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We came early enough that there wasn't a long wait, so we were seated rather promptly. I had the Croque Madame, which honestly, was fantastic. It was just what I wanted and had great flavor. It came with homemade potato "chips" which were more like potato straws, but they were delicious. My companion got a breakfast sandwich, which he thought was alright (too much mayo for a breakfast sandwich), but did enjoy the side of breakfast potatoes.The problem with the service was that we hardly saw our waitress. I don't know if she was overstretched with tables or what, but we were constantly out of drinks and I had to wait 10 minutes to find her just to get another OJ. When we finished our meals, we sat there for 15 minutes with empty plates in front of us before we could get our table cleared, and then find her for our check. I felt very overlooked while she waited on other tables (mostly larger groups).Anyway, maybe I was there on a bad day or just got a server on her off day, but with all the choices in Vegas, not sure that I will be back.
5	I have dined at Mon Ami many many times,. I have to say that the BEST filet I enjoyed  on Sunday Dec. 9th! Mussels delicious.. Enjoyed the chocolate tart w carmel I cream.. BUT where is the bread pudding..?
2	Because I'm new to the area I've had a lot of opportunity to experience things in Vegas that I didn't really have much time for when coming for vaca. I have to say 90% of the great places I've eaten at were not on the strip. I was really disappointed with the food quality here. Service was great though.  I've made better steak myself and the burger I tried was not even medium rare like it was ordered. I've had better escargot from the freezer section of the grocery store. The only way this place could have been better was if I were wasted from the drinks I DIDN't consume playing slots.
4	This was a lovely place to kill an hour before my flight. I snagged a coveted patio table and basked in the November sun. It was too early to see the fountains of Bellagio but if they were on, this is a nice way to view them.Service was very attentive and the one item I tried -- an egg and smoked salmone tartine, was delightfully delicious and light. Open faced egg salad, smoked salmon deliciousness on crusty bread. Their baguette is superb, too and the prices are reasonable.Cons: They close early in the evening weekdays.
4	4.5 stars.seated almost right away as a walk-in during brunch. got a nice privately located corner booth spot. service was very good and attentive, and menu offered lots to choose from. corned beef and hash was delicious, one of the best I've had, though I wouldn't preferred my egg slightly more runny. butter lettuce and arugula salad was perfect, light and refreshing, the pate with toast provided a very large portion, but the pate itself was a little bland and dry which was the reason for the -.5. other than that our waiter was very helpful and made some good recommendations on non-alcoholic drinks.
4	Wonderful service, great atmosphere.  We had a great time.
4	My daughter recommended and brought me here. I really enjoyed both brunch and Bellagio fountain show. Reserved on the Open table, we arrived 30minutes earlier. But, we seated promptly at the patio. It was about at noon and there were very crowded. They have many kinds of seating area. Every table was a nice setting.They gave us baguette and butter. very tasty. We ordered croche madame, cheese gratin, two mimosas. I really liked gratin in particular because it was very flavorful and crunch. Mimosa was very fresh. One thing i was really difficult was that i was really hot because the heater was really hot and my hair was almost burnt. I knew the weather was really cold but, the heating was too much.
5	Ummmm why did I not come here YEARS ago?!!! I've probably been to Vegas nearly 10 times since Mon Ami Gabi opened and always figured this was a tourist trap and therefore the food would be meh. WHOA was I wrong! Okay, well it still is a tourist trap --- BUT a DELICIOUS trap if I may say so! My gays and girls went to Sunday brunch here on a whim. They immediately sat us at a fantastic table facing the Bellagio fountain in the atrium. The dining room is so dark, but that atrium is where all the light is held hostage! Our friendly server explained the menu and we got to ordering (because we were STARVING after a night and *ahem* morning of drinking)... My friend and I split the french onion soup since it looked massive and decadent (and it was!). It was just right! Cheesy, ooey and gooey, and just salty enough. Mhmm! Oh and since they give every fresh bread to start off with, the soup accompanied that just beautifully. Yay for dipping it in the soup! My girlfriends took advantage of the Bloody Mary bar. OMG the fact you can make your own Bloody Mary is reason enough to come! They have hickory sticks!! I don't know why that got me so excited, but it did. It made me want to run to the Hickory Farms store and get reaaaall with buying some! (I know. Sounds kinda sad. Guilty food pleasure...) I ordered the steak sandwich which sounded "ordinary." Well, hell to the no it wasn't! WOW. That cheesy bun, the mayo sauce, the steak, the jus... and fries?!?! SUNDAY FUNDAY FOR SURE!! I also ordered a Republic of Tea for an iced non-alcoholic beverage. YUM. While I know this is not necessarily the most authentic French bistro food, it was still dang amazing! Perhaps that is still the post-partying foodie talking in me, but hey, if you want something satisfying and reasonably priced (especially for Vegas!), this is the place to go.... oh, and the Strip view from the atrium (or patio) during the meal? That's half of the experience right there! I have to return!
5	Just always awesome!!!! I love it!!! It's now become a tradition for me when I come to Vegas, its a must go! Enjoy people! I do every time!!!!! Oh and the hash for breakfast...AMAZING!! :)
3	Solid restaurant, good service, good ambiance, but the food was nothing memorable unfortunately.  Not bad, but not amazing either.
5	I've been wanting to try this place for years now ever since the cute name (and exterior) caught my attention. And I was able to this year after my mom finally agreed that we could have breakfast/brunch there before we left Vegas and headed back home to LA. I am so glad we were able to squeeze it in! I called the night before at 11:59 pm (a minute before closing time) to make reservations for 11:30, and the lady was friendly.We arrived early, but were quickly seated with no hassle. I asked for a seat outside and to my surprise, that was easy enough although the place was very crowded already. We were seated at the edge of the outside patio by the sidewalk. But after about 15 minutes or so, the direct sunlight became unbearable for some of our party of four. So when another outside table by us that had more shade opened up, we asked if we could move and the service was prompt. We noticed that a few minutes afterward, several tables also wanted to move because the sunlight started shining directly on many of the seats. We each got different dishes, and they were all so delicious and tasty. My dad, who was paying for the bill, thought that the prices were reasonable for the portions. I was delightfully surprised by his comment because he typically doesn't feel portions are big enough for him to be satisfied. Haha. He had an omelette and pointed out that the pieces of turkey were uniform throughout his omelette (as in there were pieces in every bite) -- even the thinner parts, which he said is a detail that is typically not the case at diner omelettes. Hah. The omelette was as long as the plate and came with hash browns and slices of bread. My mom (and I as well) loved the complimentary baguette that was provided a bit after we sat down. So fresh and just perfect texture! It came with jam and butter too. I tried a few bites of my sister's quiche Lorraine and it was so light and fluffy as quiche should be! It came with a small side of salad, which she said as simple as it was, tasted really good. I got the holiday special of eggs benedict with braised beef instead of ham after the waiter recommended it. Delicious! Quite possibly the best eggs benedict I've had. The homemade muffin was perfect -- crispy edges and softer center, and melt-in-your-mouth eggs. I could have had more beef, but it wasn't so little that I would complain out loud about the amount. Still very fulfilling, especially with the side of hash browns that the egg dishes come with.The juice and tea was quite pricey to me at ~$4 each for a pretty small glass. But they're freshly squeezed and thus, refreshing as well. I was satisfied with my grapefruit juice while my dad ordered orange juice and my mom got hot tea (it was organic and came with lemon). I would love to come back for another visit. Their scallops and steak seem amazing. Yum.
5	Made reservations here on a busy friday night and was seated right away at arrival. The service was good, the view of the bellagio fountains even better, and the food fantastic. The hanger streak was moist and tender and the scallops juicy and plump! We were so suprised to get such excellent quality for such a decent price. The creme brulee was really nice and creamy too but wasn't too sweet. Bf and I both agreed that Mon Ami Gabi was the best meal we had at vegas during our most recent trip and we'd gladly go back !
1	Our group somehow hit this place at their worst.  Our order was lapped by neighbouring tables that came, ordered, ate, paid, and left before our food showed up. When my french toasted arrived it was raw batter on one side and the blueberries where still frozen.
4	Make *sure* you have breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi while in Vegas -- A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. I think the best breakfast I have ever had. I mean ever. A bright, sunny, cool Christmas morning and we sat outside under the heatlamps. Perfect. The seating indoors was very French, but too dark for my liking. Especially for breakfast.The service came with a smile, but was a little slow. Fine with me, though, as we weren't in a rush. I had french toast, eggs, and bacon. Toast was topped with almost frozen blueberries and once dipped in the warm maple syrup, just melted in my mouth. Divine. The bacon was sinfully good. Oy. You must go!P.S. My mother had a bloody mary and she said it was the best she had ever had!
4	My family and I had dinner here and the wait was ridiculous! But that just goes to show you how many people want to eat here. So TIP#1: make a reservation! Unfortunately, reservations are only for the inside dining, so if you wish to sit outside and have a view of the Bellagio watershow, you have to patiently wait for that. They served us with fresh bread in a paper bag with chilled butter and this carrot concoction. I tried to figure out what the carrot spread was, but to no avail. It was delicious though! I ordered the Steak Frites Classique and other people in my party ordered the salmon and their special fish. The steak was cooked just as I had asked, and the frites were thinly sliced and very crispy. The salmon was flaky and flavorful. Lastly, the special fish (I forget what kind) was amazing. I wish I asked what kind it was. They left the skin on, which usually does not satisfy my tastes, but this time I fully appreciated itFor dessert, we ordered the chocolate tart with salted caramel ice cream and creme brulee. Though both were flavorful and delicious, they were smaller than I expected. Overall, it was both good service and food. I will definitely come here again!
5	My hubs and I took my in-laws here for dinner as their Christmas present. We made a reservation for Sunday night at 6:30 PM and were expecting a bit of a wait. We were pleasantly surprised to find that when we arrived at 6:15 PM, we were seated immediately at a coveted patio table with a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. The service was consistently good throughout the meal (although they kind of disappeared towards the end of dinner) and everything we ate was tasty!The order:Soup of the day (creamy cauliflower)French onion soupSalmon saladFilet Mignon with wine sauceSteak with bleu cheeseClassic SteakSteak with peppercornProfiteroles for dessert3 coffeesTotal cost: approx. $180Every single dish was awesome. I have no regrets for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed the entire experience!Tip: even when it's chilly, SIT OUTSIDE. They have a ton of heat lamps and you'll be fine. This one big group gave up an awesome patio table because they were scared of the cold. We sat outside and were totally fine... we were actually a little bit hot when ALL the heat lamps were blasting.
4	I love the european cafe scene and what better place to embrace that than vegas on the strip. enjoy a drink and tasty food while seeing he town and the cleintel it brings in. Awesome view of the Belagio show with a coctail and a fun do it yourself bloody mary bar!
4	Delicious and great service!  Solid wine list.  The French onion soup is some of the best I've ever had. Salads are delicious.  Great atmosphere, too.They have a long line of heaters for outdoor seating (thank god, because it FREEZES in the winter!!).
3	This place is so underwhelming. Just so incredibly underwhelming.I made reservation for 12:30, not sure how busy it would be on a Saturday in early December. Turns out it's pretty damn crowded, but they're seating every party with no problems. They tell us to stand by the side until they flag down a waitress to seat us. We can a little earlier around 12:15, so I expected to wait a few minutes but I waited much longer. Fast forward 20 minutes and we're still standing there while they seat parties of 10. Apparently they forgot about us. -1 Star.We finally sit down and our waitress comes to us and she was lovely. We ordered the duck confit to start. I ordered a warm chicken and brie sandwich while my friend ordered a medium rare steak. It takes a while for our appetizer to come out, in which time the staff breaks about 3 wine glasses throughout the restaurant and the shattered glass is everywhere. Okay, promising.Duck confit is dry. So dry. Has OK flavor, but just so damn dry. My warm chicken and brie sandwich was clearly sitting under a heat lamp for a while because all the brie had melted off the sandwich and the chicken was dry.Steak was cooked very medium instead of medium rare.Everything but our waitress was so underwhelming. I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends.
2	My husband and I made reservations at Mon Ami Gabi for Monday (12/24/12). There was a line of people without reservations in front of us and when I approached the first host desk, the two girls there told me to go inside to the next hostess stand and tell them that I had arrived and we would be taken to our table. -WRONG- I waited patiently for the hostess to finish speaking with another guest (without a reservation) and when I told her our party was here she glared at me and said "Ma'am, did you wait in that line?" "I was told by those two over there to come in here." "Go to the back of the line." I almost walked away from the restaurant, but went to the back of line and waited...for about ten minutes beyond my reservation time for a party of 10 people -without- reservations to be seated in front of us. When we were finally shown to our table, we were shoved against a wall. It took about ten minutes for the waiter to welcome us to the restaurant and take our drink order. He seemed really pissed when we didn't order any alcoholic beverages and went over the specials so fast that we didn't really hear him. It took forever to get refills on our drinks.We ordered the brie, which was fairly good. My husband ordered the special (veal) and he said his food tasted good. I ordered scallops and mine were chewy in a bad way. Our waiter only checked on us one time in passing throughout dinner. We were obviously an afterthought.This restaurant doesn't have its own restrooms. You have to venture out onto the casino floor in order to use the bathroom. I would not return to this restaurant. The food wasn't up to Vegas standards for the price we paid and we were treated badly by the hosts and the servers.
5	We come here every time we come to Las Vegas, and have never been disappointed. Lovely classic service by people who are actually interested in food and proud of their jobs; a well-run bar; classic cooking with a nice edge to it; reasonable prices for the level of dining.I had the French Onion Soup and Beef Bourguinon, husband had the Lobster Tartine and Scallops. The soup is a real win - rich onion and beef broth, a hint of sherry sweet and a generous coating of cheese over that secret broth-soaked bread. Bourguinon is made with beef cheeks, and is crazy luscious. The portion is substantial.This is the place if you appreciate good food, and know how a restaurant should operate.
5	This is great for the price in Vegas. I've only been here twice but it is romantic and has good mussels and great frites, nice burger and steak. Not too expensive but not extremely cheap... I definitely like going here when I'm in town!
5	This was my favorite meal during our recent trip to Vegas in November. We went to higher priced establishments for dinner (Bobby Flay's and a Wolfgang Puck place, but they didn't compare to the casual ambiance and street views from this perfect place for lunch. We enjoyed the food, the service, and the views of the Bellagio fountains. A tip for tourists, be sure to plan for a late lunch when eat here. Early afternoon (anytime after 1:30) is the perfect time of day to eat and sip sangria at a slow pace without the restaurant being overly busy. Yes, you will still wait for a table at 2:30 in the afternoon, but it will be much better than 12:30! Peak times should be avoided to get the full bistro experience. Also, it is well worth the additional 30-35 minute wait for a table outside.The fries are salty, crisp and highly addictive. You have been warned!When it comes to restaurants in Vegas, I feel like the prices just keep going up and up and I love that Mon Ami Gabi offers delicious food at a reasonable price point. I can't wait to go to Vegas again so we can enjoy another late lunch on the patio.** It will always be busy, and during breakfast, lunch and dinner hours, it will be crowded. There are two lines and usually hostesses that make up their own rules about reservations and no reservations on the spot. Don't be in a hurry and don't be rude and eventually you'll sit down and eat. There is a good reason this place is always so busy - it's good!**
5	This restaurant is very beautiful and very popular!  I mean, look at how many reviews they got on Yelp and out of all these reviews from fellow Yelpers, to get 4 out of 5 should tell you something!  My hubby and I went to dinner here with his aunt and uncle, who they are frequent customers of Mon Ami Gabi.  It was our first time to eat there, and we both enjoyed it.  The service was excellent, the decor was very nice, and the food was delicious!
4	We had the Onion soup, goat cheese, sea scallops, Trout Almondine and Fillet Mignon with Bearnaise sauce.  The Onion Soup is is definitely a must.  I always get the OS when I go here.  The Goat Cheese with Garlic Bread was a welcome treat.  It was unique and very flavorful.  The Fillet was very good and enhanced with the Bearnaise sauce.  The Sea Scallops were very tasty and cooked just right.  The Trout Almondine was surprising very good.  Not a bog trout fan but I tried it and really enjoyed it.  The service was perfect as we were well taken care of.  Had a couple of drinks which were very good.  The patio area is really nice and perfect for couples.  A great place to share with someone special...
5	This place should get even more stars for location and strip atmosphere.  One of the only places where I have found that you can sit almost right on the strip and people watch everyone walk by.  The salmon is to die for, just outstanding, I don't know what the sauce is they use but it is sweet and matches the salmon nicely.  I alway like to sit on the patio when I go. and while you pay a location price it is one of the best in the entire city.
4	My friends and I were starving so we trekked to Mon Ami Gabi for Sunday brunch. There was a 30-40 minute wait for the patio but no line to dine inside. We didn't mind sitting inside. It's elegant and not as dark once your eyes adjust to the lighting. Our waitress was attentive and was able to help us choose our dishes. We all thoroughly enjoyed our food but I think my grilled salmon salad was the best pick. I think we were in and out in less than an hour. Perfect!
4	I enjoy going to this French Bistro everytime I am visiting Las Vegas. I just enjoy the location, the menu, and the food. Sometimes, it is a miss, but I still really enjoy coming back to Mon Ami Gabi. It is super quaint as one can sit inside or outside. I usually prefer outside seating, but then it gets too sunny. But I still love it.* Onion Soup Au Gratin Baked with Gruyere Cheese $8.95 (5 of 5) Yummy. So much cheese. I love it. It is one of my favorite places to order French Onion Soup. * Sea Scallops Gratinees with Caramelized Fennel & Onion Marmalade, Mussel Cream $12.95 (3.5 of 5) So cute. I didn't realize they made stainless steel scallop plates so they can put the scallop into the oven. Fresh and tasty. But more pieces would make me happier.* Steak Au Poivre-brandy peppercorn sauce with Signature Hand Cut Fries $25.95 (4 of 5) This steak is flattened, so don't expect it to be a thick cut. Looks like a piece of liver, but tastes like a piece of juicy steak. Very unique to this restaurant and pretty tasty. But I don't favor their choice of cut fries. It is like flattened cuts of potatoe. Not to my liking. * Maine Lobster Roll toasted brioche roll with Gaufrette Potato Chips $17.95 (4 of 5) Fresh and tasty. The roll was soft and lightly buttered toasted. Very delicate but held the lobster meat quite well. No complaints here and I enjoyed their Gaufrette Potato Chips on this dish more than the Signature Hand Cut Fries. This is one of my preferred restaurants on the Las Vegas strip. I really enjoy this bistro and always down to bring others to try this place.
3	The was nothing spectacular. It was good,  but not great. The steak frites are very good.
4	A little bit of Paris, smack dab in the middle of the Strip.  It's a perfect lunch spot with a grand view of the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately, the fountains don't start running until 3 p.m., so I guess if you're here in the summer, come for an early dinner (and avoid the lunch time heat if you're on the patio), if you're here in the winter, just come for lunch, minus the active fountains.  Don't be scared, they have heat lamps everywhere.  For seating, try to request either the open air patio or the enclosed glass ceiling bistro area (does remind me of bistro floors in Paris, only cleaner and brighter).  The formal seating area inside is dark and gives off that reddish brown light of a stuffy steakhouse.  If the restaurant isn't packed full, then you're safe, because they default to seating people outside or in the bright covered area.  I started with a Frangria, which I'm sure is not French.  It's red sangria that had good fruity/sweet balance and was inexpensive.  Heavily recommended by my server was the French Onion Soup (which I normally love), but I didn't order it because I would've been too stuffed.  Next time.  Our server was very attentive.  I had the Steak Frites/Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce, $25.95) medium rare.  The steak is big flat piece, smothered with peppercorn sauce.  It was tender, juicy, and flavorful.  The steak frites are definitely worth getting, just pick your preferred sauce (butter, caramelized onion with red wine reduction, peppercorn, blue cheese).  The frites/fries that accompany the steak are thinnish potato shavings that curl a bit after frying.  Have you ever tried Pik-Nik Ketchup Fries from your grocery store?  Their cut reminded me of that, except they have more give on the inside from fresh frying.  Unique, yes.  I can see how some people would love these fries while others might hate them.  She had the Grilled Salmon and Spinach Salad with avocados, blueberries, walnuts and citrus dressing ($17.95).  The salad was a solid choice, the citrus salmon played well with the avocados and blueberries.  We were here for lunch.  If you come for dinner, you get more choices on the steak cuts.  Added choices include filet mignon, hanger, New York strip and bone-in rib eye.  This is a very relaxing place to have a meal with one of the grandest views in all of Vegas, I can't wait to come back!
5	Came here because of yelp! The ambiance was amazing and there was a humongous line just to get in. We were lucky and got seated right next to the windows facing the Bellagio fountains. It was awesome to see the bellagio fountain show while eating dinner at the same time!I've heard the steaks here are amazing and decided to get the peppercorn steak. I thought the steak was extremely tender and I could tell it was definitely very fresh. One word of caution is that the steak served there is thin (unless you get the filet mignon). They gave tons of chips as well and it was nice to eat the chips along with the steak!  My sister got the french onion soup. It was the best french onion soup that I've ever had. It was very tasty and went perfect with the bread that is given to you at the beginning. Overall, I was satisfied by the food and ambiance. I would definitely come here again!
4	The only comfort food on the strip as far as I'm concerned. Very good wine list at reasonable prices, too. Can be a long wait if you hit it at the wrong time, though. And service, like everywhere in Las Vegas, is hit or miss, but never terrible.
5	I'm gonna have to make my first yelp review on this place...What can I say?!  I'm really impressed by the food and portions Mon Ami Gabi offers considering that it's a French restaurant with very reasonable prices.  I've been to Vegas 7 times since the time I've turned 21, and have only tried out this place out earlier this month, but thank goodness I've finally taken the time to try it out.  I'm gonna have to make it a point that from every Vegas trip on, I'm going to make every effort to come back here!We had made a reservation via OpenTable for 8:15 and was slightly late, but they were accommodating and almost seated us immediately anyways.  Server was attentive, and had recommended us the Filet Mignon Merlot since it's the most popular so that was my dinner choice.  The other girls in our party had the Filet Mignon Au Poivre, Steak Bordelaise, and Chicken Grandmere, and we all shared the Whipped Cauliflower and Macaroni Gratin sides.Filet Mignon Merlot and Filet Mignon Au Poivre were both on point!  Medium rare for the two of us and I could not get over how tender the meat was and how effortless it was to cut into it.  Both were served with Frites, which I obviously could not stop myself from also devouring considering how much I love potatoes/fries.  Haha.Steak Bordelaise on the other hand wasn't as impressive... comparatively to the Filet Mignons, but not bad for it's meat cut.Chicken Grandmere was also to die for.  I haven't had a chicken this good since Beatrice Inn in NY!!!  Seriously so tender and juicy, was not dry AT ALL.  Would be my second choice if I wasn't much of a steak eater.Whipped Cauliflower was the first I've had of it's kind, and was super nomsy!  Was pretty much like mashed potatoes ... but more like super creamy mashed cauliflower.Macaroni Gratin was also a meh... nothing spectacular to rave about.But overall, I had a very pleasant time.  The decor and ambiance is quite romantic and perfect if you're looking to have a nice, classy dinner away from the rest of the crazy Vegas life.  I'd love to eat here again and try eating outdoors with the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains!
2	Came in on a Sunday around 12:30 and there wasn't really a wait.Free baguette and butter.  Warm and crusty bread for free?  what's not to love about that?Took a while for our food to come out for some reason. Went thru 2 baguettes, while waiting. Steak classique with frites. We ordered medium rare but it came out kinda grey with grill marks so definitely more rare than medium. Steak frites were pretty much potato chip strips.corned beef hash was served with 2 poached eggs and toast with blackened crust(unintentionally i'm sure) and hash browns on the side I might consider coming back to maybe find something redeeming on the menu.
5	The first time I was here was last summer and I literally could not stop thinking about their french onion soup afterwards. It was the most memorable soup I've ever tasted and told everyone about it. This time I came back to vegas, I made sure that we would go again. Sadly, the soup was not the same. I don't know if the recipe or chef changed but it was definitely different. It was still a good  bowl of soup, but nothing out of the ordinary. This time, I ordered the sea scallops for my entree. I received four large scallops cooked to perfection. It came with brussel sprouts and an amazing cauliflour puree. Would highly recommend this dish. I have to also applaud the restaurant for being extremely accommodating to my friend who has a severe gluten allergy. They did the most amazing job taking all precautions necessary. Thank you!
3	Steak was very good but not on a par with the best steak houses.Service was polite and efficient. Prices good for Las Vegas.We would go back again.
3	This place is all about the view outside, overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and the Bellagio.They were out of pate and chicken liver mousse! Seafood tower was pretty skimpy, really limited selection. The broth with the mussels was too buttery, and the frites were too thin. Escargot needed salt.Service was a little slow.
2	Our waitress was super slow and spacy.  Food was ok but soaked in lots of butter.  Also while the patio is nice you are in close proximity to smokers which can turn you off a bit.  I'll try other places before returning.
4	Mon Ami Gabi, located in Paris Casino, is a little expensive but oh so worth it. It's just lovely. The patio is the only place I recommend sitting, with its awesome view of Bellagio and a palm tree lined street. Service was friendly and quick. Recommended!
4	Loved the ambience. Hot bread to start with a fantastic carrot spread. I ordered the merlot filet mignon medium. It came out medium rare, which was a little too much for my tastes, but was still delicious. It came with a side of their house made fries which were amazing. They almost tasted like a hybrid between a French fry and a potato chip. The hostesses were very nice, but our waitress was pretty silent after we ordered. Would love to come back and try other things.
4	A nice average/above average French restaurant in the Paris hotel, with reasonable prices. However it ranks high because of the genuine cultural ambiance and the lack of attitude and pretentiousness along with reasonable prices, all rare in Vegas. The onion soup was good - not great but very good. The escargots were very nicely spiced and arrived sizzling hot. The "sushi grade" ahi tuna was fairly fresh although not extremely fresh and the spicing with pepper was a tiny bit off. Scallops were good although very slightly undercooked in the center. It's important to say, that all of the food was very edible and enjoyable and these are just quibbles. Espresso drinks were actually good, not the watery swill you get elsewhere in Vegas. For 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, alcohol for one, and 2 espresso drinks, the tab was $93, which I thought was very reasonable. Appetizers are around $10-12 and main entrees are around $18-22. The service was excellent and professional and quick. We got to sit on the patio and watch the fountains and the people walking by. Very fun and a break from being in a dark cavern inside somewhere. By the way we have eaten here three times and keep coming back because there doesn't seem to be another outdoor bistro quite like this on the Strip.
5	very good steak frites, onion soup, cocktails, and desserts. the view from the patio is definitely worth the wait. standard french bistro food, catered to an american audience.
4	I may have given this place 5 stars if we didn't choose to sit outside in 50-degree weather, under their not-that-hot hot lamps. Being cold makes me grouchy.In any case, the food was good. I got the spinach and green veggie omelet (with jarlsberg cheese). It was really, really good--very buttery, to warn you. It comes with a great hunk of fresh bread and AWESOME hash browns. I asked for a side of fruit too.The service was really good, the kind of good where the waitress was bringing me a new iced tea before I even finished the current glass. Prices are pretty good for Vegas. It's hard to find a place to eat that isn't smack in the middle of a casino. This felt like an actual standalone restaurant.
4	So, just visiting las Vegas and ended up having lunch at this place. My family was very pleased with their food (mussels, macaronni gratin and quiche). Im vegetarian and my options were more restricted, their onion soup was awesome (with a lot of cheese) and salad (kind of simple).
5	Lady had the lemon chicken paillard and I had the seared sea scallops. One of the most memorable and delicious meals we have had together. This was 3 years ago.
1	Should have gone to Binions!With 2000+ reviews how could a girl go wrong, right? I'm a visual learner so I'm going to break this down into Pros and Cons, just a warning there is going to be more in the cons column!Pros- Beautiful decor and lighting in the bar at least.-Gluten free menu-reasonable prices-large portions (almost too much, like your own personal flank steak on a small serving platter)-good bread-fun little cream puff with a candle for your birthdayCons-Noise level, tile floors are nobody's friend-extremely small waiting area (it's compromised of the hostess table, the bar and table seating)-Service, pretty poor and lackluster, came back to the table twice, I noticed the table on the other side of us, had the same problem, trying to track down their fries before their meal was over-No outside alcohol, (which I understand, but when rudely asked to drink it or it will be tossed, doesn't bode well for the rest of the evening)-Reservations (this is what really burned my baguette; I made a reservation a week and half+ before the big day. I said it was my birthday and that we would have two people that are hard of hearing in our party and anywhere that was quieter would be great, maybe that was a ridiculous request but I don't think any of my requests were actually acknowledged that night. So with our two week advance reservation we arrived 30 minutes early and were told to wait, I had gleaned from other reviews that the seating times were a little delayed but we waited an extra 15 minutes on top of ours, so after shuffling through the crowd at the front, we are shown to our table and didn't have to walk far! It was 20 steps from the doorway and two steps from the bar and ordering system, so for my 27th birthday instead of a view of the Bellagio fountains I stared at a black floor mat and paper table covers! I was flabbergasted when we sat down and once I came to my senses I  asked the hostess if there were any other tables available not in the bar, she checked and said if we wanted to wait another 30mins there would be something then. Before you think I'm some disgruntled birthday girl, the table next to us, a husband and wife celebrating a birthday as well, were also dismayed to learn that their reservation meant a romantic view of the bartenders legs, they however had a better server and managed to get a better table, I guess we should have gone donner party on half of our group to get a worthy seating assignment.Steak- the frites weren't anything special, the steak was tender but almost like it had been tenderized (Mom and Grandma both commented); the top layer had that mealy texture. This is coming from someone who eats steak like twice a year and was really looking forward to a good one. So to put insult to injury the steak I had consisted of a four inch section of sinew down the middle, you couldn't cut it! I told the waitress, which I never do, I am not a picky eater and never want to step on someone's toes ( bad haircut, no prob it'll grow out!) but tonight I had enough, she understood, took it away, brought out a new one, and comped it, which made up for the misery a little.So on a whole this night was just so bad I had to write a review, I think I would have been happier with In-N-Out!
1	Mon Ami No More!  I loved this restaurant.  Seriously.  With all my heart and soul...I loved the view, the ambiance, the waiters, the food and the je ne se quoi (sp), and I had had a long-standing relationship with this restaurant, visiting at least 2-3 times a year for the past 4-5 years.  It was love at first bite and I never made a trip to Vegas without visiting at least once.  Now, I'm afraid to say, I'm not likely to go back.  On a recent visit near the end of December, I was excited to bring 3 friends to Mon Ami.  Now, while the restaurant is known as a steakhouse, they offer many fish dishes on their menu.  On the night we came in, with an 8 pm reservation, we were informed that they were out of ALL of them.  The waitress quickly let us know, very unapologetically, that they were out of lobster, mussels, skate, trout, salmon, scallops and any other fish on the menu that evening.  We were hell-bent on getting the mussels, one of our favorite appetizer dishes at Mon Ami, and one of our visitors had his heart set on lobster.  When we asked why there was no fish available, when clearly it was largely offered on the menu, the waitress simply answered "our fish truck didn't come today."  Now, mistakes happen.  The world is an imperfect place.  Fish trucks miss their deliveries.  I am not a restaurateur (though I know one in the Henderson area), but I would imagine that a restaurant of this size with the volume of business that Mon Ami does  would have a back up plan should a truck not arrive.  If not, might I suggest that there is a Whole Foods store less than 3 miles away where perhaps they might have gone to pick up some fish?  After expressing our disappointment, the waitress shared that she heard a rumor that some mussels had come in, and she would bring them to us right away.  She did, we ate them, they tasted gummy and fishy and we complained about them for the rest of our trip.  After eating steaks con frites (umm, what else were we supposed to eat at that point), we left, disappointed with the restaurant's lack of selection and poor planning, but mostly, with how their staff chose to handle the situation...without any true apologies or sense of ownership.    Unacceptable, for a long-time AMI.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is practically a landmark. In fact, this place is so deeply-engrained in my childhood memories that I can hardly imagine thinking about Vegas without being reminded about this restaurant. Yes... I spent a lot of time in Vegas as a child, don't ask me why.Despite the fact that Mon Ami Gabi is probably one of the most tourist-populated restaurants on the Strip, the food here is actually quite food and affordable. I have very fond memories of their croque monsieur, mussels and frites, crepes and benedicts. What I was actually very pleasantly surprised by on my recent return with the bf however, was the level of service at this constantly bustling place. Our server (who lived in Chicago for a while, as we learned) was cordial, attentive, and absolutely accommodating. Not only was it a breath of fresh air from the typical customer service in Manhattan, but it was even impressive for Vegas standards. Well, the olive tapenade with ricotta and toast, seafood crepe, and my frisee and kale salad with warm bacon and poached egg weren't too shabby either. Add to that the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains either from the patio seating or brightly-lit pavilion section, and Mon Ami Gabi really is one of the best places to relax after a crazy night.Hmm, I guess I had pretty decent taste even as a small child. Ha.
5	I first came to this restaurant at the same time last year after reading reviews on Yelp. This year, we make it a point to come here again. We also invited some friends. This place is my favorite restaurant in all of Vegas. It has a very romantic ambiance whether you sit inside or outside where you can watch the Bellagio fountain show. The prices are reasonable and not ridiculously high. The service is top notch and the food is just absolutely delicious. They serve you with warm tasty bread the moment you are seated. We always order sparkling water and their fruity sangria which has a hint of rosemary. The onion soup is always a must. It is just divine. My boyfriend always orders the filet mignon. The flavor is sumptuous and cooked to perfection. I ordered their mussels which came with french fries. It was cooked well and the juice is adequately flavored and salted. It was a bit creamy. Our friends ordered the salmon and roast beef. They also loved their dishes and thanked us for taking them to Mon Ami Gabi. For dessert, we ordered the pudding and it was delicious. This restaurant will always be in our itinerary when we visit Vegas, that's for sure. FYI: Be sure to make a reservation to avoid waiting a long time. If you want to sit outside so you can watch the Bellagio Fountain while eating dinner, you way have to sign in anew and wait. The wait depends on how busy they are. Last year we waited a long time to be weated outside, this year we did not so it just depends. But having a reservation is better not having one and be ready to walk around Paris for a few minutes if there is a longer wait time to get seated outside. Don't be afraid to sit outside either because they have plenty of powerful heating lamps.
3	What a cute lil bistro! Came for lunch, and it was pretty busy, but we were able to snag a table for 3 inside (but it was close to the window so it was still bright and had a view of the Strip) with no wait! And the service was very friendly and attentive. And they give you a cute little baguette for the table!However, the food left something to be desired. The onion soup was tasty but not that memorable, and the chopped salad was a lot smaller than we expected. I ordered the sandwich special, which was pastrami and gruyere. I assumed it would be on a French roll, but turns out it was served between toasted slices of bread that were extremely tough to bite into... And the sandwich itself lacked flavor (other than the mustard spread). On the plus side, the hand-cut fries that came with my sandwich were great!Overall, I liked the atmosphere, and some of the more unique menu items might be more worthwhile, but I wasn't very pleased with the ones we ordered.
2	No foie gras on the menu...disappointed me coming from San Francisco.Chicken liver mousse and pate was sold out.  Really, what else am I going to eat at a French restaurant??? A Cheeseburger???Seafood tower was okay, had more extravagant ones before.Escargot was bland...Mussels were too buttery and needed a bit more acid.Moet was perfect.Service was friendly.
5	This place never disappoints. Ask for a table on the strip patio. Worth the wait! Oh now I love to watch the crazy drive by while shipping a French martini. Goat cheese appie is delish! Have had several items here, all good. Very good burgers. Strong pours in drinks and wonderful service. Great spot for lunch or a quick appetizer and drink while walking the strip!
5	If you sit outside for dinner the view is awesome. Food is good with limited choices but the qualitative. Tried there mussels mariniere and chicken grandmere both were quite a deliscious.
1	hated this place because of the snobby waiter we got... the steak was so so too.. it did have good salad, breat and butter, but it's unfortunate that we had such horrible service that made me not want to eat or order more food from this place. this waiter we got made me sick....
4	Thought the food was tasty. Unlike everything else in Vegas, the portions aren't huge, but they are tasty. And the location can't be beat.
3	We felt the atmosphere and service were great but the food was very average. We won't go back. There are much better restaurants in Vegas for the same price.
4	we have eaten here a few times. Dinner, Lunch, and Brunch. Eating here is all about the view. You can reserve a table across from Bellagio's Water fountains and it is heaven. The food is good too.
5	We try to stop by here whenever we are in Vegas.  The restaurant is located in the Paris Paris, just off the main casino floor.  If the weather is nice, try to get a table on the patio, or the windows near the patio, as they overlook the beautiful Bellagio fountains.  The patio is raised above the busy Las Vegas Boulevard sidewalk, so all those inebriated tourist don't get in the way of the view.In my opinion, the food at most of the restaurants on the strip is overhyped and overpriced; this is NOT the case at Mon Ami Gabi.  The food here is excellent for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and appropriately priced.  My personal favorites are the Escargots De Bourgogne, the Warm Chicken & Brie Sandwich, and the Filet Mignon Merlot Steak Frites.
3	Lobster Roll was great. Try their French Onion Soup. I need to go back and experience more of the food. The seating was pretty good. Service was great.
5	You can never go wrong at this place. I've been there several times and always delicious! Great wine list (prices all right), my fave is the filet mignon au poivre which is to die for. The service is great. Just make sure you make a reservation and enjoy the best French restaurant in the Strip!
5	One of the best meals I've ever had in Sin City, if not THE best.
4	Located inside the Paris Hotel and Casino, this is a very nicely-apportioned restaurant with a truly French theme. And I'm a "fair" judge of this, having dined in several parts of France, including Paris (pssst wanna know a secret? They're not rude to you in Paris!). Food and service were good. I had a steak sandwich, my wife had a steak salad. Guess we like steak. The only thing I now don't like is the location. I say "now" because it's changed over the years, it's changed just outside on the sidewalk. It used be be just full of tourists (like me) walking to and fro. Now it is overrun - TRULY - overrun with all kinds pushy sales people. And I don't even mean the ones with kiosks. I mean shady characters holding clipboards, selling jewelry, etc. If they were legit, why wouldn't they be set up in an office somewhere? I got hit up no fewer than 10 times on my way into the restaurant, and my way out. It ruined the experience for my wife and she kindly asked that we not go back. But can't ding the restaurant for what they can't control, so four stars it is.
4	Excellent food! Had the steak frites with the burgundy wine and onion sauce and was absolutely delicious. Everyone in the party was thrilled with their food and the service we received. My only complaint is that we made a reservation well in advance and they wanted a deposit. We also specifically requested an outdoor table for a party of 7 and we were seated at a table that was clearly designed for 5 max right by the door. They would not move us to a bigger table that was open during the majority of our meal. Would definitely come back despite this issue!
5	My gfs and I had brunch here and it was perfection. It was freezing outside, but the heaters on the patio were placed in a way that allowed us to eat comfortably and warmly outside. I ordered the carrot soup and shared a sandwich plate. Everything was seriously so delicious and generous in portions. Even the prices were extremely reasonable which was the biggest surprise of all. Our waiter was so nice and attentive. Since I've shied away from buffets when I go to Vegas, it's been difficult to find places that have decent food and doesn't cost a fortune. This place will be one of my new go-to spots when I'm in Vegas.
3	Went here for lunch, the food was mediocre but the atmosphere was amazing. We sat outside and it reminded me exactly of a local cafe in down town Paris with the exception of more table space! The lighting and the ambience truly made me nostalgic. I just wish the food was better. I had a burger and my friend had the crepes. Both just fair.
5	Latte bowl here was a life saver.
5	Always, always, always a good experience, no matter what the circumstances. I've been here with large groups and parties of two. I've sat inside and outside. It's always the best service and dining experience. The staff are very attentive and upbeat. The food is consistently outstanding, and the prices are reasonable, particularly for Las Vegas. If you are a fan of French Onion Soup, you must go here. They have the best I've ever had...hands down. And finally, I have to mention this. On my last visit, we had a party of 10, which automatically triggers an automatic gratuity of 18%. At most places (actually, ALL places I've ever been to), they never mention this, add the gratuity on the bill, and hope you are one of those people that just don't look at the details on your check. The waiter made a point to inform us of this when he brought the bill. For that, I made a point to stop and make a compliment to the manager about our waiter, and my consistently good experiences here. It is a restaurant I NEVER skip when in Las Vegas. Just go!
4	Food was great and service was very good. One of our guest ordered brussels sprouts with his meal and never got it. That is why they did not get 5 stars.
5	This place has always been a favorite spot every time I visit Las Vegas. We had the privilege to stay at the Paris hotel for the weekend so i recommended this place for my friend's wedding reception. Dinner time is always the perfect time to go and celebrate because of their mouthwatering and enticing selection of food. From the great salads, chicken, steaks and their classic specialties. I ordered a Buttered Lettuce and Arugula salad for myself and my.. it was de-li-cious! They served complimentary baguettes with butter and beets on the side. The rest of my family, being their first time, enjoyed every bite of their meal. 'The service was great! All the waiters were friendly and they treat you royally.I would recommend: Their Steaks (any is good) The prime cheeseburger with brie (this was soooo good!), and the chicken with mashed potatoes.And i forgot one more thing, their prices are very reasonable! You'll also get the whole Parisian experience. From the food, to the vibe and the ambiance of the place! This place is off the charts!
4	Wanted a brunch place that wasn't a buffet.  This place hit the spot.  I started with some coffee, which I desperately needed to keep warm.  We were seated outside under heat lamps but with the winter wind, it was still quite chilly.  I got the turkey and egg white omelet and added Jarlsberg.  It wouldn't have been as awesome without the cheese.  Glad I remembered to add it.  Didn't even miss the yolks, but probably negated any of the health benefits of getting an egg white omelet by adding cheese...oh well.  It was yummy.  And, I had to indulge in the build your own Bloody Mary bar.  That was delish!
4	even the seafood was delicious... I had the frangria. very good as well
5	Just as good and the real Paris, France.  The crepes are amazing.  If you go to LV and do not stop here you have wasted a trip.  Champagne is great, view of Bellagio fountains is amazing and the food and service is choice!!
4	Went here for an early 5 PM dinner before a 7 PM show. Got seated right away and got to sit on the patio...on a Friday night. That was exciting. The service was great. We both ordered dirty martinis with blue cheese olives which were delicious. We ordered the escargot and warm brie for appetizers. The escargot is buttery, cheesy delicious! I recommend it! The warm brie was good, but the escargot was the highlight. My husband ordered the filet with merlot sauce. It was delicious and cooked perfectly. I had the endive salad which was actually a quite beautiful presentation and tasted delicious as well. For desert we had the creme brulee which was as good as I've had in a while. Overall we were very happy with this place, we had a delicious dinner, made it to our show in plenty of time, sat outside and watched the 'interesting' people on the strip...all for about $130.00. With the way that most restaurants over charge in Vegas, especially on the strip, this was a great place for a great price. We will be back!
5	Ahhhh a little it of heaven during our trip to Vegas!Food was delicious, service was amazing, and ambiance was soooo relaxing. Sat outdoors during a cool day and wanted a great meal. Mon Ami Gabi delivered for sure. Our server was one of those ladies that looked like she spread sunshine when she walked. She was a little older and her smile was infectious. I wish I remembered her name because she really made the dining experience as fantastic as it was.We began our meal with a fresh warm baguette and soft butter. Fresh warm bread really is the way to start out a meal.Ordered the Classic Quiche Lorraine and the Classic Burger. The quiche was huge! I was expecting a tiny sized quiche but it was delicious and satisfying. The Classic burger was cooked just to my liking. They even put some of their handcut fries in the burger. Yum. Ambiance - Sit outdoors if you can. The music from the Bellagio Fountain show can be heard across the street and even though it was a bit chilly outside - the heat lamps kept us warm.I will definitely come eat here again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	3.5 starsMy two sisters and I arrived way before our reservation time but still managed to be seated early. After asking our server to explain the steaks and the different sauces, he proceeded to only explain how the steaks were made and not how they differed in taste. My sisters ordered the Steak Au Poivre and the Steak Bordelaise. They were delicious, juicy, and seasoned perfectly, especially the Steak Au Poivre. I ordered the Steak Bearnaise, which was good. A little dry and overcooked, but still pretty good. We all werent too keen on the frites, but it didn't take away from the dinner itself. The profiteroles were amazing for dessert!! The chocolate mousse was good, just a regular old chocolate mousse. Needless to say, we were stuffed at the end of the meal. As for service, I didn't catch our servers name, but I feel like he was new and didn't really know how to present himself. He kept coming by and asking "Can I ask you a question? Are you ready to order?" Or "Can I ask you a question? Do you need anything else?" It was a little awkward. Our busser, however, made the whole experience better. His name was Augustin, and he always made sure our drinks were refilled and even made convo with us since our server wasnt doing so. All in all, we had a good experience. I might be back to try the other options.
4	Came here for dinner because it was convenient, and not too busy on a Sun night. It's not overly expensive for what you get, which is a huge plus in Vegas when there's a surplus of overpriced restaurants everywhere. At night, it's quite dimly lit. They first serve a perfectly cooked loaf of bread that's crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Entrees are served with a protein with a side. I got the flattened chicken and fries on the side. Chicken was slightly on the salty side but tasty. On the side was a huge mound of fresh cut fries that were nicely fried.
4	This is the perfect place for a dinner date! My boyfriend took me here on our anniversary so that we could eat at a classy restaurant and watch the Bellagio water show across the street. Our server was very friendly, the steak was amazing, and the price is pretty good (by Vegas standards). I've seen from other reviews that brunch is also apparently great here so I'll definitely be coming back someday to give it a try.
4	My cousin and I went here for dinner. Very last min reservation but still managed to get outdoor seating so we could take advantage of the view of the bellagio water fountain show. It was cold outside but they had heating lamps which helped a lot. The bread was fresh and warm... We asked for seconds. This is what we ordered:Chicken liver - it was good w mustard and our extra breadEscargots- nothing really specialFilet mignon w wine reduction - juicy and tender. Very goodSea scallops (entree)- very good. Made just rightThe wine selection was good. Service was great. My only complaint would be the fact that there's a lot of noise from traffic and crowd. Trade-off for the water fountain show.
1	I am taking the time to inform you of my unacceptable dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas on January 20, 2013, from 11am-1pm. We came with a group of 10 and were seated promptly, with our drink orders taken and fresh bread served. There were a few incidents where I found my dining experience unacceptable:1. My friend ordered the corned beef hash, and shortly after ordering, the waiter returns and says they are out of corned beef hash. This is disappointing but acceptably okay, but given this is Las Vegas, and a huge restaurant, how do you run out of such a popular dish, especially at a time like Sunday Brunch? I wanted to order this but changed last minute after hearing the special.2. The second incident was when our waiter told us the specials of the day, so I ordered the "Portobello" eggs Benedict. Except, when our food came, the waiter tells me it's "pork loin" eggs Benedict instead of "Portobello". The thing is, the waiter should've known what the specials were, and second, he should have came back and told me earlier, the same time he told my friend they had ran out of corned beef hash, that the special was not "Portobello" but "pork loin". I would've have elected to switch to something else. I do not want "pork loin" eggs Benedict, and my second choice would've been the corned beef hash, which the restaurant ran out of. The worst thing was that he told me when our food came, so it wasn't like I had any choice to change my order. I was starving and didn't want others to wait for my food to arrive so they could start eating while they already had their food served, and there wasn't really anything else I really wanted on the menu. Had the waiter informed me earlier, at least I could have ordered something else. The waiter, did however, said he would check back to see if I wanted to change my order, and when he did return to check back a long while after, I was more than three-quarters done with my food because I was way too hungry, and I wasn't enjoying the food, but merely eating just to fill up my stomach. I was rather upset by that. 3. The last incident was my other friend's hot water. She ordered a tea, and needed a refill in the hot water. The waiter took the pot, and never returned. When we asked the waiter about the hot water, he replied, "oh, we gave it to the other end of the table." Obviously, the waiter forgot about it and made it up. We ordered 3 hot teas, and now there were only 2 hot water pots. I mean, normally it wouldn't have been a huge issue, but I was already upset from my meal. 4. Given, we had a large party, but the wait was unbearably long. I was starving!The service was nonetheless friendly, I wouldn't fault the waiter. The fressi, kale, warm bacon salad was good and light, however the bacon was cold. Both the chicken liver and pate were on par.In conclusion, I was quite disappointed with my dining experience. The view was great, they had nice fresh bread (although the butter was cold and hard), and that's where it ends. Given, we had a large party, but the wait was unbearably long. I was starving!
5	Love this place when we are vegas.
4	Pretty cool little joint. My first time at a French restaurant (in the past, I've avoided them like the plague). My partner ordered soup and salad, and he enjoyed it. I had the night's fish special and a goat cheese dish. All of the food was very good. They provided us with an endless supply of bread, which was nice.The real reason to come here is the view. You can't beat the fountains at night time (just make sure you're close to a heater, if it's cold).
2	I really wanted to love this place.  It has great ambiance and a wonderful location.  They also have a good wine list filled with french wines.  We ordered the warmed brie for an app and it was good, but came with 3 toasted slices of baguette.  3 slices for two people?  Is it really going to break the bank to add one more piece so a party of 2 could share the brie with 2 pieces of bread?I ordered the Steak Roquefort and my friend ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot.  We both ordered our meat medium.  We also ordered a side of green beans to share.  We were halfway through our bottle of wine (and we aren't fast drinkers) before our meals arrived. The "Roquefort" was actually a blob of butter with some Roquefort mixed in.  There was so little Roquefort in it that I asked the waitress what was on my steak.  In addition, my steak came barely warm and totally raw on the inside.  Fortunately, my friend enjoyed the filet Mignon.  By the time the waitress came back, returning the steak was no longer an option since I figured we would have to wait another 30 minutes for a replacement.Since I was still hungry, I decided to order the Bananas Foster Crepe thinking that there was no way they could do a dessert wrong.  I am not a Bananas Foster pro, but I believe it is supposed to be served warm (as the description states warm bananas).  It was served cold with the sauce being more crystallized sugar rather than a warmed flambe.  Basically they pre make these, barely warm them and pass them off as "gourmet."  I came to the restaurant looking forward to a wonderful meal and evening, instead I was disappointed at every turn and the $150 bill was very hard to swallow.
5	If you know me very well then you should already know that Mon Ami Gabi is one of my default food spots whenever I'm in Vegas.  Once again, another Vegas trip, another visit to Mon Ami Gabi, another new dish to try out on their outdoor patio.So I stopped over for Breakfast and this time around I tried their Classic Quiche Lorraine with bacon, Jarlsburg cheese, and caramelized onions.http://bit.ly/Ul3awtWhat surprised me most about this quiche was the size.  It was almost like a pizza!!  This was my first quiche so I basically had zero expectations for it which all the while made this dish special.  It was pretty much like giant egg custard tart, but savory with bacon, onions, and cheese.  I really enjoyed every bite and would order this again!Service was once again spot on.  Had the same awesome waitress I had from an earlier meal so no problems there.  And coffee service was always around to top off my cup as usual.  I swear if you want to experience awesome service, definitely come by here for breakfast.Mon Ami Gabi never fails me!  The food is always consistently good!  I'll be back again soon!!
5	The bread is warm and awesome, it's reasonably priced and my meal was the best I had on this trip to Vegas. Mmmmmmmmm
4	Nice french restaurant located on the strip. They accomodate groups but I'd suggest you make reservations ahead of time because this place is quite popular and is crowded on a weekend evening. Just keep in mind they won't seat you until your entire group is present...yep, we had to wait a while since people from our large group kept wandering off every time they were ready to seat us haha. The food was great, and I had a steak that was tender and cooked to perfection. Their wine selection is pretty great as well and we ordered a few bottles of reds for our table to share. The staff is friendly and attentive, and kept coming by to check on us. I'm not an expert on French cuisine but this place was pretty good. As for the ambiance...I have no idea because we had a large group and were more focused on discussing football and parlays before, during and after our meal...
5	My friend celebrated dinner here for her bachelorette party. This was my first time here. I have to say this restaurant has impressed me. The ambiance was cozy and romantic. The energy was great. We sat inside but  they also have patio seating. Servers were exceptionally nice and prices are reasonable.They served complimentary bread with butter and beets. It was so fresh and delicious. For my entree, I ordered the  hanger steak and it was by far the BEST STEAK I ever had. It was so mouth watering. The steak was juicy and tender with lots of flavor. The frittes was so crispy and delicious.I am marking this place as a go to spot every time I'm in Vegas. I am definitely taking the BF here. I know he would love it too.Can't wait to try other items from their menu.
5	This IS one of my favorite spots in Vegas! I cannot say one bad thing about this French bistro. I will go back time and time again for their Quiche Lorraine! Great location as it overlooks the Bellagio fountains and just a good place for people watching. I love the hustle and bustle of the diners, servers and runners. It makes for a great combination of lively and noisy, if that makes any sense.I recommend going for brunch or lunch. Their simple yet delicious omelettes and salads are just that...simple and delicious. My motto is: serve food that is tasty and provide service that is memorable and the restaurant will be a success. That is what Mon Ami Gabi has strived to do and I commend them for that.Some other dishes I recommend:-Seafood Crepe-Cream Puffs-Ham & Cheese Omelette-Everything!
5	Steak was delicious!
4	Another great dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi. There were 2 of us and we decided to share everything.  We started with the baked goat cheese, always a favorite.  We shared a full order of mussels and macaroni gratin (mac n cheese) and Brussel sprouts.  The mussels were big and juicy, macaroni gratin is made with gruyere and was very yummy, Brussel sprouts were made with bacon making them very flavorful.  I have been here many times and am never disappointed.
3	I came here for the steak frites because I was in the mood for some steak frites and I got my steak frites. And sure they have outdoor dining where you can look at everyone walking down the strip, but that didn't matter since I was on the hunt for some steak frites.But at the end...it was just ok.I have had some steak frites before and had some really good ones including the Paris version in Relais: http://www.yelp.com/biz/relais-de-l-entrec%C3%B4te-paris-3#hrid:1iL8osb1Dx8fjln2JegOBA/src:selfAlthough this place does have the steak frites...it wasn't the same or better than the Relais version. It was good, but nothing worth getting all excited about. But if you're in Vegas and you want some "steak and frites" then this place is probably you're best bet. I did like their Bananas Foster Crepes which I had for dessert. They have other desserts too like profiteroles au chocolat, and creme brulee. And besides the steak frites, they also serve brunch here too.I managed to get a table because I made reservations in advance, otherwise you would probably have to wait awhile as I noticed a lot of people loitering out in the hotel lobby area. So again, make reservations here.
4	j'adore mon ami gabi. i've eaten here a few times and whether it's been sitting on the patio, or inside near the windows it's been excellent. awesome location on the strip with a front row seat of the bellagio fountains. the french onion soup is very well done and the steak frites are magic! my favorites are the filet mignon merlot with butter and a red wine reduction, and the hanger steak with merlot butter. the restaurant is huge, but the service is always great. a consistent favorite over the years (and through the hangovers!)
5	I had not been back to Mon Ami since Dec. 2004, but it was as great as I remembered it to be. The steak sandwich is a deal at $16, and my friend got a chicken and brie sandwich for $14, I believe - both were delicious. We sat on the patio and you have a great view of the Bellagio fountains (minus the palm trees on the Strip in between) and it's a great way to people-watch as well. They also gave us warm, freshly baked bread (at least it tasted like that) and it was delicious. I will definitely be back to Mon Ami next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I'm not really a fan of French food, but majority of my group wanted to eat here.  The food was pretty good, though it is kind of a scramble to find something more free of French influence.  I had the Chicken Paillard which was pretty good. If you sit on the patio, you have a perfect view of the Bellagio's fountain display as well.  Besides that I'm not a fan of French food, my only real issue was that I paid in cash and my waitress automatically assumed I did not want any change.  I asked her three times for change back over 30 minutes and she kept trying to tell me that she could only give me a certain amount back.
5	As others say, this is really at the top tier of breakfasts in Vegas.  On every weekend trip, it is my Saturday morning treat (as Sundays are now reserved for the Bottomless Mimosa Brunch at Border Grill in Mandalay).  This French Bistro packs a combo falcon punch of awesome!  Between the outdoor deck (with heat lamps, so it can be enjoyed year round) that allows for fountain and people watching, the impeccable service, and... did I mention the food?  This place will slow you down and MAKE you feel like you're ON Vacation, which is so important in this fast paced world, right?Whenever I go here, I opt for decadence, so my usual breakfast rundown is:MochaKir RoyaleSmoked Salmon Eggs Benedict (Isn't it weird that you can get better smoked salmon in Vegas than most places where I live in the Pacific Northwest?)and I finish it off with their Orange Chocolate Chip muffin... one of the most decadent desserts (but they call it a breakfast pastry), I think I've ever tried.  HUGE hunks of chocolate, with an orange glaze, on a soft cakey dough.  It's amazing.There aren't really any cons I'd give this place other than: Be aware that their breakfast ends at 11, which is earlier than some Vegas spots.  Lunch is still great, but sometimes after a hard party night in Vegas, you just need some Breakfast.Additionally, note that there are also locations in the following cities: -Chicago IL-Oak Brook IL-Reston, VA-Bethesda, MDIf you are local to one of those areas, you may want to try something else when Vegas bound (but then again the deckside view may just be worth it even if you already eat a Mon Ami Gabi Brunch regularly).It's really an excellent experience.
4	Go for the French Onion Soup and stay for the people watching. The soup is hearty, nice sweet onions and a thick crust of cheese. Bread for the table is complementary and with a salad makes a great lunch. Steak frites are tasty and the mussels in broth are excellent. Service was prompt and friendly.The best people watching is on the outdoor patio overlooking Las Vegas Blvd. Heaters are available during the winter. Try for a table along the railing next to the sidewalk. Also great view of the Bellagio Fountains. The restaurant does not take reservations for the outdoor patio. However, you can make reservations for indoors. The best seating indoors is along the windows facing the outdoor patio next to the door way entering. This spot offers good people watching of those coming and going.
4	If you want a nice restaurant that won't leave your wallet crying and your stomach still starving, this is not a bad place to go. Just be sure to make reservations or the wait can be quite long. Reservations only guarantee the indoor dining area, which is dim, romantic, and not conducive to Instagram pictures. If you can, though, I'd recommend the patio area so you can people-watch from a heated and equally romantic vantage point.The boyfriend and I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, which was served with 4 large pieces of the creamiest salmon I've ever had and (maybe just a tad too much) red onions and capers atop brioche. The filet mignon merlot was definitely on the small side and probably could have done with a little less cooking, but the merlot reduction tasted amazing. What I should have gotten was the boyfriend's ribeye, which was bigger, fattier, juicier, and overall just more tasty. I was not, however, impressed with the steak frites that came with our entrees--they were paper-thin (like eating a deep fried potato peel) while I like more substance to my fries. Though the food was a little hit or miss, the ambiance and the attentive server who kept up with my water-guzzling boyfriend's refill needs upped my rating for this place to a 4.
5	We had delicious breakfast and blood mary's here. Then came back at night for a great dinner, bottle of wine all for under $140 in Vegas! Everything was great, with awesome service
4	At a bill for two topping out at $70 with at least 20% tip.The appetizer we went with was the baked brie with a crispy pita like bread. You can't go wrong with brie.I had the scallops. 5 plump scallops arranged. Was delectable.My duo had the french version of the fish and chips. Which was a big piece of baked breaded chicken with a side of part thin slivered potatoes. It was ok.
5	My review for Mon Ami Gabi is based on a mish mash of happy hour visits and raves from friends and family about their experiences here. When I use the term happy hour, I mean that I went during happy hour times.  There don't seem to be too many happy hour deals.  But that doesn't matter because the wines by the glass are superb, the mixed drinks are well done and the french beer is great.  I sat at the outer bar both times I visited.  Its directly across the street from the Bellagio, so you get the fountain show every 15-ish minutes, whether you want to or not!  I ordered the frites to snack on and they were great.  The people watching factor is unbeatable.  The patio is right on the strip so you can watch the people flood by, but the patrons inside are just as interesting.  People from all over the world.  The bartender was great, a super friendly fellow midwestern transplant.  He got us hooked up with the frequent diners card which is valid at a couple of other restaurants in vegas that fall into the Mon Ami Gabi family of restaurants.  Well worth the investment if you are a regular.Now for the "not my experience but worth writing about" piece of the review.  My husband visited here when he was in town solo.  He has pretty specific dietary do's and don'ts.  He requested a seafood crepe minus the dairy and Mo Ami Gabi was happy to work with him.  The server said that they get special requests all the time and almost all of their dishes can be made to accomodate.  In a world of "no substitutions" and "no changes" menus this is a super selling point for us.  I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi to anyone looking for a great place to eat, drink and people watch on the strip.
4	With over 2,000 reviews and a 4 Star Rating, Mon Ami Gabi is doing things right and deserves a visit from you!They have quickly become a Vegas Standard.  You can check out all the reviews to get an Idea on what to eat, but I'll share a few insights if you have not been.Come here for the patio seating!  When the weather is nice the patio seating at Mon Ami Gabi...on the Strip...is an easy 5 Stars!  Directly across from the fountains at the Bellagio, the patio is superb for people watching and taking in the sites.  I would not eat inside.  The food is all above-average, but for me it's the patio that sets it off!We come here for brunch on special birthdays and other special occasions.  They do all their meals well here, and just being here elevates the mood, and meaning of the special day!  You will pay more to eat on the Strip, but the food is spot on and the venue is outstanding.  In addition to the food the service has always been excellent here!Come here for patio!Come here for French wine!Come here for Steak Frites!
5	Simply put- Amazing.There are so many restaurants in Vegas, so it's really hard to know and find which place to go to.  If you just want a great breakfast/brunch place to go to...check out this place. It's across from Bellagio (Paris Resort area).  My wife and I went there for brunch one morning. I got the steak and eggs, and my wife got the Nutella waffles. We just split our plates so we could try each other's.  The steak was tender and juicy. It's a small streak and actually goes well with the scrambled eggs.  With that, you also get some toast. This meal was great! My wife's Nutella waffles were awesome too. I think the mix of salty (my food)..and sweetness (her food)...just made everything taste good. It's not crazy expensive and it's totally worth it.  The service was great too. Our waitress was really nice and from observing the other waiters...I could see some actually playing with babies...and interacting with families. It's something that is rare to see nowadays.  Definitely check it out. Sure there are the buffets, fancy restaurants, and other restaurants...but if you want to go to a nice place with family or your significant other....and eat some good food....go here :)Keep in mind- we went for brunch....so I don't know how lunch/dinner is.Have fun!Jonas
4	Came here for a dinner date with my favorite person in the world, my best friend Christina. While we found the tables a bit too close for comfort, the lovely atmosphere made up for it. It's romantic and lovely, a perfect place to take your lady for an anniversary or a special date.Our very pretty and very nice waitress gave us ample time to study the menu, and after placing our orders, started us off with a baguette.Then our orders arrived. My biffle and I shared a half order of the mussels, as well as the steak bordelaise.The mussels were my favorite part of the meal. They were perfectly cooked, and bathed in a perfectly seasoned, rich (but not too rich) sauce. There were thin strands of onions in the sauce as well, which I though went along beautifully with the mussels.The frites, or the fries that come along with the steaks are quite unique. They are a hybrid, a cross breed of a fry and a potato chip. I prefer soft fries, but for those who like crunchy, yum!I'm not really a steak person, so I didn't love the steak... but the sauce was good :) Eventually got waaay too buttery and rich, but I couldn't stop eating it!Super happy with my dinner date here, but it might have been because of my lovely company. Will definitely return :)
5	This restaurant is fantastic. We went as a large group for my cousins birthday and everything was top notch, including the fountain view we were lucky enough to score. Food was great and the service was excellent...would definitely return.
4	The Filet Mignon was absolutely delicious and I couldn't get enough of the sauce. I did not even need steak sauce to enhance the taste. The service was wonderful, my boyfriend and I had a nice conversation with the waiter. Our waters were constantly refilled, which is always a plus for me because I drink my water like a whale. The price wasn't to shabby either, especially for a good steak. The only complaint  that I have are the frites (i think that is what they are called). It is way too salty. All in all, its a great place to have lunch on a beautiful day.
4	we have eaten here a few times. Dinner, Lunch, and Brunch. Eating here is all about the view. You can reserve a table across from Bellagio's Water fountains and it is heaven. The food is good too.
2	Except the bread was fresh from the oven, the special fish of the day red snapper was over cooked. The portion of the side dish garlic spinach was tiny portion. For drink, I only ordered an oj, plus the tips, the bill came close to 50 bucks, not worth it. Although the service is nice and open till late.
5	One of the best restaurant on the strip in terms of affordability, view and taste. I really like their patio seating as you can see the bellagio fountain, but there usually is a small wait. Food is generous and their steaks are great. I also really like their salmon salad as well. You can spend big or small at Mon Ami Gabi and walk away feeling awesome.PS, love their bread as well! Everything is delicious.
5	My wife and were in Las Vegas for a convention at the Tropicana but spent the later part of the trip at The Bellagio. We found this restaurant across the street and decided to give it a try. Best meal all week. We ordered three items off the appetizer menu, the duck confit, the chicken liver mousse and the scallops. All three dishes were delicious and nicely presented. We each had a French Martini which is now my favorite drink. If possible try to get a seat on the patio since The views of the Bellagio fountain show are incredible and add  to the wonderful experience.  For dessert, if available, I highly recommend the white chocolate bread pudding. Service was top notch.
4	Visited feb 1 2013 during a work convention. Reservations are a must and they won't seat you unless your entire party is there. (There were 7 of us). Street seating is much more interesting.. Lots of good people watching. Service was excellent food was so so and French Martinis were excellent. I would definitely return and try another dish., the scallops were cooked ok but not much flavor.
5	The waitress was so friendly! Me and my friends ordered NY steak and fillet mignon.Both were delicious!!! Our table was by the street so little bit noisy but great view from Bellagio fountain show! It was a nice restaurant but they accept our casual attire. We just came back from Grand Canyon so our outfit was like athletic style but it was no problem. We had a great time at here!!
5	Absolutely fantastic!  Be sure and make a reservation though, the wait will be long on the weekends.  We split the pitcher of red sangria, which was really good, springs of rosemary and huge pieces of fruit.  They bring out a bagutte and butter to start.  I ordered a classic quiche with bacon, jarlsberg cheese, caramelized onions.  it came with a small side salad and the quiche was so rich!  The flavors just blended well together.  He got the brunch special that day which was an open faced sandwich with cheese, bacon and dates, another winner.  The dates didn't overpower the dish. The waitress were great, so helpful and friendly.  This is one of my favorite brunches in Vegas and will definitively go again!
5	LOVE this place!  We've eaten here a few times- breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our most recent experience was for lunch. FANTASTIC seating outside on the strip, beautiful view and weather.  A great place to take a break from gambling. Our waiter was charming and attentive, great service. Started with the classic caesar salad....yum.  We had the fish and chips- simply amazing.  The fish is served as one thin filet with a wonderful crust and pan seared - not your traditional heavy battered deep fried fish. Also had the ham and cheese - delicious. Top it off with a nice Sauvignon Blanc and its a wonderful lunch!You have to eat here!
4	I LOVE the oysters here! I celebrated my friend's birthday here with her family... her dad & I got oyster cray here and on that night a few years back I became dubbed "The Oyster Master".P.S. Service was mah-velous dah-ling!
4	Sat outside under heat lamps.  Good service and good food.  Wonderful place
3	Yes it is a French Style eatery, but does the hostess have to be so rude. Most places would call the hostess, "The Director of First Impressions". My first impression was not a good experience. We did have a good meal, Not anything to highlight. It seem that our order was rushed and put together.
5	LOVE this place!!! The food was amazing, their butternut quiche was amazing...the service was also very good!  We also sat near Carrot Top so that was a cool experience. This place gets 2 thumbs up for me!
4	A cozy french eatery facing the strip, across from Bellagio, was the reason to come. Great service and excellent, fresh food is the reason to come back. Fresh bread, cheese, and an excellent bread pudding (off-menu). If you combine all this with a pre-dinner rush & patio seating to catch the fountain show....you will be very happy with the experience.
2	Probably the worst meal in my recent trip to Vegas... actually, perhaps one of my worst meals in Vegas - ever!Came here for Sunday brunch and waited about 15 minutes before getting seated.  We had a large party of 10 and came at 11 am, so we had the option of ordering from the brunch or lunch menus.It seemed like everything that could go wrong did go wrong.-  Our waiter just didn't seem like he knew what he was doing.  He told us the wrong brunch specials, so my friend who ordered the portabello mushroom eggs benedict was sorely disappointed when his food came out and it was some sort of pork eggs benedict.  The waiter should've told him in ADVANCE that they didn't have his original order, not when the food already came out.  Instead he just said, "why don't you give it a try and see if you like it".  ?!?!?-  Our food took FOREVER to come.-  My other friend ordered the corned beef hash, but it wasn't until we had waited for who knows how long before the waiter came back and said they were all out of corned beef hash.  How do you run out of something sooo common?!I was totally turned off by our waiter.  And most of the food is not really worth writing about.-  Eggs Benedict.. meh-  Tri-tip sandwich... meh-  Salmon salad... yuckThe two highlights were the blueberry french toast and chicken liver pate.  Definitely recommend those.
4	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas to eat brunch of lunch because you can sit outside and people watch the strip while eating great food.  They have heaters on the patio and usually it doesn't take long to get one of the patio tables even when they are busy.
4	I have to say that I was pretty hesitant about booking this for my cousin's bachelorette party. It got pretty good reviews on Yelp!, but I was tricked by Yelp! earlier that day into going to a horrid nail salon (review to follow) in the area. I was pleasantly surprised. The food was good and I STILL can't believe how reasonable the menu was. Our party asked for a window seat and although the restaurant was packed, they saved us a nice lil' table with a gorgeous view right next to the window.We got the chicken liver pate, the country pate and escargot to start. Chicken liver pate was by far our fav. They serve it with this horseradish sauce that just kills it. The country pate was kind of a disappointment, but the escargot came to the rescue ;P.The mussels were super super yummy. Not grainy at all and surprisingly fresh. Everyone at our table raved about their entrees and had a great time.We ordered the creme brulee and apple tartin for dessert. Both were super yummy, and they even threw in a free birthday dessert.All-in-all, a good dining experience. Mon ami gabi has earned a permanent place on my Vegas To-Eat list...
5	This place is pretty impersonal because it has so many tables and seemed really hectic. Our waitress was friendly, but it sometimes took her a really long time to get to our table.The bathrooms were far away (you have to walk through the casino) and had a cheap feeling, already being a bit outdated.So why did I give them 5 stars? The food made up for everything else. I had the steak with caramelized onions and red wine sauce and it was amazing! One of the best steaks I've had. The frites were also really, really good and so was the banana crepes for desert.I also really enjoyed the interior which was based on French cafes of the 1920s.We sat inside, but the seating outside has a really good view of the Bellagio fountains. However, you only get a table on a first come, first serve base, which meant we would have had to wait 40 minutes...
5	Went here based on other Yelp! reviews relating to their gluten free options.  We were not disappointed.  I couldn't resist the gluten free eggs benedict and oh my, it was SO worth it!  Hubby went with their special of the morning.  Beef Bourguignon eggs benedict.  He couldn't believe how good it was.  It was a little pricey, but not overly so considering it's right on the Strip.  The service was great and we both loved our meals.
5	Amazing restaurant right on the strip overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  Must eat here every time.  The bread and steak is great.
5	Best meal I had in Vegas.  It was a chilly but sunny day when we were there, so was so happy to discover they have heated lamps by the tables outside so we could still sit there and enjoy the view of the Bellagio fountains!  As soon as we were seated they brought two loaves of warm, delicious fresh bread. I started with a house salad which had a delicious olive vinaigrette dressing, followed by the steak bordelaise which was one of the best steaks I've ever had for sure. My friend and I also split a carafe of their  frangia which I'd highly recommend (though careful with ordering a carafe, it's strong!).
5	If you can get on the patio on a beautiful spring-like day, do it. It's worth waiting for a table if you have to. Just bring your sunglasses because the umbrellas don't shade everything out there. Great bar and a good selection of wines by the glass. French brasserie food at lunch/brunch with excellent saiads, soups, and quiches in addition to sandwiches. It's expensive but high quality. The steaks are pricey but good. If I had a choice between paying for the Gordon Ramsay name at the steakhouse on the other side of the casino and getting a steak here, I'd probably eat my steak here because it seems less pretentious. Highly recommended.
4	Nice view of the Bellagio fountain.  Had the escargot appetizer which was ok.  The french onion soup is very good though.  I had the filet au povoire with frites for the main course which was tasty.  I'll say the filet was not amazing, but worth trying and the frites are unique.  Overall, the experience was positive and I would dine here again.
5	I had liver moose with French bread. It was amAzing. The patio dinning area has a nice strip view. Servers are very good.
4	I do not frequent strip hot spots but one of my BFFs is a huge frequenter of this spot so on my birthday she insisted and I readily agreed.  Luckily because she is a frequenter of this establishment, we had reservations but was able to avoid a part of if by going into the bar and having a few cocktails beforehand.  To wait for our table instead of wanting out front. :/  When our name was called we had the coolest waiter with so much knowledge of wine and food.  I was so impressed he took time for me a wine lover but newby to explain...  Our food was a no brainer because my Bff had it all planned out.Appetizer was the Escargots De Bourgogne- oven roasted snails in garlic herbs and butter.The entrees were Salmon Leek Quinoa in a citron butter, a blend of the softly cooked Salmon with a mild onion flavor from the leeks and a mild citron butter to pull it all together.  We also enjoyed the Beef Bourguignon made it is made with beef cheeks a part of beef usually thrown away but so soft and tender and the flavor is amazing.They do take pride in the food served here and the servers have tons of knowledge to share in wine pairing.  I would go back anytime and even deal with the strip for the food and service here.
1	Seriously?  This place was HORRIBLE!  Had a reservation for dinner and the wife and I both ordered bone-in ribeyes medium-rare plus (cooked a little past medium rare).The steaks arrived and her's was cooked right on the mark.  Mine was RED and STONE COLD in the middle (RAW).  I told the server about it and she commented 'so you want it cooked medium'.  NO, I want it cooked as I ordered it - and just like my wife's steak.  She pointed the finger like I did not know how to order my steak (and I eat steak all over the country).I cut the steak in half.  When I got my replacement it was the same steak RE-HEATED.  Seriously?  Now I've got a $40 twice cooked ribeye?I don't mind paying $40 for a steak but get a clue.  You never cook a steak twice.  Left completely disappointed and will never return!
4	The ambience was exactly what I wanted to experience from Mon Ami Gabi.  Oh so very french!  Ooh La La... (not the Vegas kind of ooh la la...)!  I recommend making reservations.  There was quite a line when we arrived and I was very glad we had made reservations in advance. Keep in mind that they do not accept reservations for the outside patio though.  That is strictly first come, first serve.  When you do arrive, make sure you're with your complete party.  They won't seat you unless everyone is there.  The coffee was good... the Bellini was better.  ;)  They have a Bloody Mary Bar that I will probably try next time.  The quiche was just okay... I've had much better elsewhere.  My husband got the Blueberry French Toast, and that was absolutely MAGNIFICENT!!!!!  Another in our party got the ham and cheese crepes and apparently they were very good, because he wouldn't even let me have a bite.  All in all a great Brunch experience that I'd totally do again.
4	Went here a few months ago for a last-minute fancy Friday. We had a reservation but still had to wait at least half an hour before being seated, which got everyone in my party a little grumpy. However, once we got inside, the atmosphere made it a little better. The waiter was attentive and helpful without being overbearing, which is a plus.Our table of four had an order of escargot since half of us had never tried it before. They were iffy about it and could not get used to the taste but the two of us who had escargot before loved it. It was well-seasoned and not too chewy. My friend's steak frites classique was a bit dry but not too bad, just not our favorite I suppose. I had the vegetable pot au feu, which was pretty much amazing and well-worth the price. I would definitely order it again, but will probably try something new next time I go.
4	absolutely adored this place!Breakfast:had the eggs benedict: pretty tasty the only thing I would say was it was a little bit too buttery for my taste but that didn't stop me from devouring the whole plate.they serve you a fresh baguette at your table which I thought was a nice touch. I had their mimosa that was good but it was pretty over priced for how big it was. $10 for a champagne sized glass but then again its vegas right so what isn't over priced on the strip.dinner:-Baked brie appetizer: DELICIOUS!-filet medallions wrapped in bacon: steak was cooked perfectly I have no complains here our waiter helped us pick out the perfect bottle of wine to go with our dinner. he was very helpfulI would highly recommend this place to anyone trying to find a nice romantic dinner but without paying a fortune.  Everything on the menu is actually pretty reasonably priced which is why we went there for breakfast and dinner while we were there.
5	HIGHLY recommended!Atmosphere- Gorgeous inside yet crowded and noisy.  I recommend al fresco dining over looking the Bellagio fountains.  Dinner- Escargot was serviced ready to eat.  No messing around with shells.  Seasoned to perfection and nice and hot.  Known for their steaks my husband and I both had delicious cuts.  Mine had a wonderful peppercorn sauce and was pounded thin. Just the way I like it!  Service- Very pleasant and attentive. Professional.  Price-Very reasonable
4	Best breakfast in Vegas with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains.
4	I stopped by on a Sunday evening by myself.  After being told my wait would be an hour, I opted to sit at the small bar at the front of the restaurant. (There is another bar in the back, closer to the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains.)I opted for the hanger steak frites ($20.95) and a glass of bartender recommended Cotes du Rhone ($10).  I couldn't finish my meal, despite how delicious it was, although I did have a few pieces of the tasty warm bread.In a city where a steak can easily cost $40 a la carte, Mon Ami Gabi is a great find and value if you have the patience to wait for a table.
4	We went here for a fantastic breakfast on our way out of town and I must say, I wouldn't have expected the kind of service we got at a 5 star dinner restaurant. The staff was on top of it all of the way through the meal. I never once had to ask for a refill, cal for a waitress or push my plate out of the way when I was done. The ambiance was great with white starched linen cloths and a French flair. I can't wait to go here for dinner.
4	Went here for the first time on Valentine's Day and had a great time.The Food: I would give the food 4 1/2 stars.  The warm baguette they give you to start was delicious.  We ordered the Warm Brie for our appetizer and really enjoyed the whole dish.  The Brie comes with three large croutons and you can use your baguette to finish it up.  This was my first time getting French Onion Soup and I'm hooked.  It was perfectly cheesy and didn't taste watered down like some yelpers have commented.  For our entrees, my girlfriend and I both ordered the flat steaks with frites.  She got the classique which has a seasoned butter topping while I got the bordelaise - carmelized onion/red wine topping.  My steak was perfectly cooked and a lot thicker than some have commented.  They did go a little overboard with the onion topping.  I wouldn't order that one again.  My girlfriend's on the other hand had just a tiny scoop of butter.  Her steak was chewier than mine as she got unlucky with a piece that had a fatty/cartilage line that ran through her whole steak.  The frites were good and the dishes overall were good.  We ordered a side of brussel sprouts and bacon which were good.  For dessert, we got the pineapple bread pudding.  It was flavorful but would not order it again.  Too heavy.  And it was more like pineapple french toast than bread pudding.The Service:The service overall was average.  I would give it a 3.  It was better in the first half of our meal and got worse through the night.  Water refills came quick, but the person refilling waters did not refill anything else.  So it was always a long wait for the server to bring by a new soda, etc.  The table was bussed quickly until we were done with our entrees.  We probably waited 15 min after we were done before our waiter came by to see if we wanted dessert.  The server was just ok.  Not too friendly.  I know that waiters hate holidays like Valentine's Day because people linger.  But we are actually quick eaters and could have shaved off 20-30 minutes with more attentive service.  The Atmosphere:Check-in was pretty easy and there was just a short wait for our table.  We decided not to request a patio table, as we didn't want to endure the 1 1/2 hour wait.  We figured we could try for a patio at brunch some time.  The restaurant manages to be crowded and loud while still being romantic.  I prefer this over a quiet restaurant where you can hear everything the people next to you are talking about.  Overall, this place was good.  We enjoyed this far more than the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  We will definitely return to try the brunch.  We'd probably only come back for dinner on a special occasion.
2	We went on Friday, 2/15/13.  Unfortunately, the highlight of the evening was the bar.  We had a short wait until our table was ready, so we had a drink.  The bartender was very friendly.Once seated, I opted to start with the escargots and my wife went with the onion soup.  We were both pleased with our selections, good but not awe inspiring.For the main course, I selected steak roquefort and my wife opted for beef short ribs.  The short ribs we very good, but the steak was mediocre at best.  It was stringy and tough.  I mentioned this to the server, and she told me, "that is the type of steak it is".  I wasn't expecting dry aged prime beef for my $25, but I wasn't expecting it to be on par with Applebees either.  However, the real reason for the two star rating was dessert.  I abstained, but my wife choose the bananas foster.  The server smiled and went on her way, (important point later).  Shortly thereafter a plate was delivered to our table was somewhat resembled  a banana foster, but just somewhat.  My wife remained positive, only stating, "I guess its not flambe".  On her first bite she gave me a disgusted look and said it was cold, all of it was cold, including the sauce.  I tried the sauce and it was shocked.  It was a cold, thin caramel sauce.  No liqueur or rum and it wasn't even room temperature, but COLD.  UGH.I stopped a manager and told him about the dessert.  He responded that that is how they prepare the dish and that it couldn't be 'warm', since it contained ice cream.  Really, even Dairy Queen can pull off a hot fudge sundae!?  I said that we've had the dish several times, but have never had it cold and most often is it prepared flambe.  He then went on to say that it was ILLEGAL to do tableside flambe in Las Vegas.  He asked if we remembered the MGM, (now Ballys) fire and said that the fire was caused by a tableside flambe and since then no Las Vegas restaurant can do it.  WTF!?  This is a flat LIE.  The fire was caused by an electrical problem and exacerbated by construction that allowed the fire to travel rapidly through the ceiling before even being noticed.  My wife and I have have (and seen) tableside flambe at Las Vegas restaurants, so this too is a lie.Needless to say, I didn't waste my time arguing with such a dishonest person.  I told him to take the dessert back, remove it from our tab and have the check delivered so we could settle up and leave. When she brought the bill, our server apologized that we weren't happy with our dessert and said, "this happens, people are used to it being prepared differently".  WHAT?!  Why didn't she advise us of this when we ordered the dish?  Very disappointing.
5	Divine! I really enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi! WONDERFUL for breakfast!
4	Great atmosphere! Great food! What an awesome way to spend a late Sunday afternoon in the sun.  Outside patio is worth the wait.
5	Always a guaranteed great meal in Vegas. Ambience, location, and such tasty food. I've only been here a few times, but I am never disappointed. To keep from the monotony of everyone else's reviews, here are my top three:1) warm brie.2) escargot.3) mussels.If you decide nothing else, decide on those three.
5	In case the massive crowds didn't tip you off, this is one of the best places in Vegas to eat...highly recommended.
3	I so wanted to love this place, but it was bad. Maybe an off night. I heard from many people that this place is excellent, but it wasn't. We had to send our food back.The onion soup was actually really good.Cheese plate-Nothing specialBeef Wellington was okScallops were cooked perfectly, but can use more seasoning.The halibut was super dry.Got the seafood platter. The clams, oysters, shrimps, seaweed salad, salmon tartar were all delish, but then the lobster was horrible. It was so rubbery. It was way over cooked. We ordered 2 of these and we only got 50% off for one. Seriously? Both of ours were super bad and the fact that they precooked it then chilled it tells me your food is not fresh. How disappointing. We couldn't even swallow it. It was that bad. Side dishes: Garlic spinich-yummy, Cauliflower-too heavy
5	Very Good!
5	I was a bit hesitant to try this place at first because of my awful experiences over at Sugar Factory (also in the Paris), however I'm glad I decided to come here!  My first visit I got:-Escargots de Bourgogne: snails seasoned with a tasty green garlic sauce, served on a sizzling plate-Filet Mignon Merlot : steak was about 8-10 oz. and had a delicious sauce with it-Frites: side that comes with the steak, they are basically thinly sliced french fries which complimented my steak quite well!-Frangria: their take of sangria and each glass only costs about $5.50...just get itMy second visit I got:-Escargots de Bourgogne again-Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin (Special): comes with mashed potatoes and an apple and fennel salad, the entire plate was delicious -Steak Au Poivre:  (boyfriend's dish) very generous serving of a flattened steak seasoned with peppercorn, also very good-Frangria againThe service was excellent and everyone was friendly.  If you decide to come here just make sure you book a reservation because the wait here can be long (patio seating is first come first serve).
4	Ambience good.  very large, noisy inside. Entrance via Paris casino. Try the patio.  At night you get to see the Bellagio's water dance show while you eat.  They have outdoor heaters for the chilly nights.Escargot - ok  have had better.Lamb - good. Would not call it extraordinary but, good.  Split the dish.Garlic spinach - very good. Not garlicky. Spinach was cooked just right.Banana Crepe desert - very good.Good value.  Looong wait, not much different from any other restaurant in casinos. Put our name at 8:30pm, got seated at 9:40 on a Monday.
5	Time to mainline some lovin' - yes, it was Valentine's Day. Rather than wait for the patio as we had previously, we played it safe and secured an inside reservation. Now, I know this won't happen every time, but I really think we got the best seats in the house, right up against the window at a perfect angle to take in the Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and Eiffel Tower, basically as close to the outside as you could get, but keeping warm, too. I wish I could impart a trick but that's just what they gave us, and it really made our night.  Oh, the food. Filet mignon was insane, and the skate wing was pretty great too. Saved room for their fantastic White Chocolate Bread Pudding, another indelible memory (photo attached).
5	This restaurant was highly recommended by two of my friends.  Outside patio seating is nice if you like to people watch.   But did have a small of sulfur in the morning occasionally.  Not sure where it came from, but didn't ruin our breaksfast.  I ordered the corn beef hash, which was delicious.  The poached eggs on top were a little over cooked, but it was still good.  I don't like hash browns, but these were very good.  Good service.  I would highly recommend.
4	I was in Vegas on a work trip and stopped in for dinner with a co-worker.  Great menu selection, we enjoyed everything we ordered and a really diverse wine list.  It was freezing when I was there so we sat in the interior patio with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.
4	Been here for dinner a few times on my monthly trips to vegas. The food is just a little above average to me but the view is 5 stars. Outdoor dining is a must. I've never had to wait long to be seated. The price is decent for the location and the ambiance.I usually go here to take Las Vegas "first timers." That way the can eat and enjoy the Bellagio fountains. "Killing two birds with one stone"
5	This place was phenomenal. Coming from me, for a French place, that's like receiving validation from Jerry Lewis.  The service was fantastic, the food was stupendous, and the views? Fugeddaboutit. If its a nice visit like when we visited the restaurant, call ahead, make a reservation, and ask for patio seating. The view of the Bellagio Fountain Shows and the entertainment that you get from the religious preacher calling you a sinner through a bullhorn was one of the highlights of the evening. Overall, great service, great food, reasonable prices and amazing views.
5	Went here for Breakfast not once, but three times over our vacation.  Was always easy to get a great table as they take reservations.  Food is awesome, service was great.  Will definitely go back!
5	My all time favorite place to take any and all guests when they visit Vegas. Opt for a table outside. Wait the wait if you have to. This is the quintessential streetside cafe in Vegas. The people watching is spectacular, plus the view of Bellagio fountains ain't too shabby either...Regarding the food. It is good standard French fare. Not a whole bunch of veggie items, but enough to keep you interested. I always frind things to eat off of the sides menu. And the chefs are very accommodating.
4	I'm certain that every single person that has been to Vegas have at one point or another noticed this restaurant. It's really hard to miss with their gorgeous sidewalk cafe with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. My family and I ate here for our little brother's birthday. I have to give them a lot of credit for service because we gave them an almost impossible feat. Due to poor time management on our part, we had a little over an hour before we had to get to our show. Our server somehow managed to expedite our food and we were able to get to our show on time. We started with the classic Caesar Salad and their house bread which came with some carrot slaw. I actually didn't care for it much. It was really ordinary and I've definitely had better at a much lower caliber restaurant. The bread was good though and so was the carrot slaw that came with it. For our entrees, we ordered the Fish and Chips, the Cheeseburger with frites, and Roasted Chicken. Sounds like ordinary dishes but they were executed perfectly. Everything was seasoned nicely, and cooked right. The fish was really good. Probably the best piece of fish I've had at a restaurant. My little brother enjoyed his chicken dish and pretty much inhaled it. I think the frites here are pretty special. I haven't had fries quite like these before. Thin and perfectly crispy. Loved them. I want to come back and have a longer meal next time. Come check it out because it's well worth the money. Next time,  brunch it is! 4/5
4	Five star food, but slight problems with the service and a greater problem with the ambiance.The most important point here is where you sit.  They have outside seating right on the Strip - great for people watching and a view of the Bellagio fountains show.  HOWEVER:1.  You can't reserve a table outside - you can get put on a list and it may be a long one.2.  Despite heaters and misters, it gets hot or cold and you may want to reconsider if the outside air temperature is under 60 or over 100 (during the day, over 90).If you sit insider, where most of the tables are located, it is crowded and fairly noisy.  Some of the cushion style seats are uncomfortable, particularly if you have to sit on a seam between cushions.The service is friendly and knowledgeable, but they are always in a rushs.  This is not the place for a leisurely dinner.One word about the food, which is uniformly good:  the steaks frites are superior.
4	Yes, it's part of the Lettuce Entertain You empire. Yes, it's sort of a mini-chain, with outposts in DC and Chicago. But yes, I loved it here, very much. It's cheaper than Bouchon down the street but seems no less authentic; if you can sit outside, great, but inside the mirrored walls and tiled floors are pure bistro.  It's great for a date, a small group, or a girls lunch/dinner out... I would go back again, if only to sip a glass of rose and have a nice salad without breaking the bank. Pictures and more detail here: http://www.eattalk.net/2013/02/postcard-from-las-vegas.html#.USfVZOgRQtU
5	I love this restaurant it is great french cuisine with a breath taking view of the Bellagio water fountains show. Also great for people watching since it is right on the Las Vegas Strip. I have had breakfast, lunch and dinner here everything is great. Wonderful wine selection nice staff. Their filet mignon with their house merlot butter is delicious and amazing and only $35 (cheap for the strip), so is their house Cabernet I also LOVE their french onion soup best french onion soup in town. Best reasonably priced steak house on the strip in my opinion. Sit out on the patio if the weather's nice !
4	this restaurant was recommended by my cousin, however he said it was a buffet, i was so glad he was wrong, the restaurant sits right across the Bellagio, you have  a great view of the Bellagio fountain.  the food was great, try the escargot, mouth watering.  not to expensive for a nice romantic dinner.
5	Everything is incredibly good, but their sides are the best.  I got a plate of three sides (garlic spinach, Mac & Cheese, whipped cauliflower), and had to fight off my friends from abandoning their entrees and eating all mine.  The Gratin Soup is also good, and the baked goat cheese is excellent.
4	Great place for a meal after running the Rock n' Roll Half Marathon.  It was clos tto the finish line and we wee able to get a reservation without any trouble.
4	If a french fry and a potato chip had a baby, the frites at Mon Ami Gabi would be it! My steak came with a heaping mountain of them that took up half the plate. And it was a big plate. ...and the steak. Ahh so delicious! Perfectly cooked, flavorful, medium-rare perfection. I opted for the peppercorn sauce, which had a slight kick and complemented (not overpowered) the meat. Pretty generous portions, but I still finished the whole thing!We dined on the patio that sits right next to the Strip, overlooking the beautiful Bellagio waterfront. We basked in the warm glow of the heat lamps that still kept us comfortable in the 48 degree weather. My friend subbed out her frites for a side of green beans and they forgot, but they let us keep the frites they brought out anyway, which was nice. Service started out strong and then tapered off to borderline neglect towards the end of the meal, but it was super busy so all is forgiven.  Loved my dining experience here and the prices are reasonable. I will definitely be back!
3	Stopping in for a quick lunch on their patio is a great experience, and being so close to the bellagio fountains (across the street) it's easily one of the best dinner spots on the strip. Unfortunately the dish I had wasn't worth the value. 3 thinly sliced U10 scallops cut, paired with sauce and onions ended up being a nice light snack, but the price didn't really make sense for the portion size. Plating was nice, over top of rock salt, in 3 shell like stainless steal plates it made a nice appearance.  Besides the food I wasn't too impressed with the beer section, though the wine selection was pretty extensive I opted for a DMV local brewery DFH  overpriced priced at $8 and served in a water class.... Outside of that the people watching, and experience is worth spending some time at this restaurants outdoor patio... 3 stars.
4	We decided not to go to ANY buffets while we were in town. It's so much more of a relief. We decided to go to Mon Ami for the great outdoor seating and variety of brunch options while avoiding the stuffiness of eating indoors and avoiding the crowds (get there early!). It was nice to people watch while we ate. Everything was delicious. The only thing i had to complain about was the bread they gave. It was pretty hard and I wish I could've finished my bread but I didn't want anyone to see me trying to chip into the bread with my teeth without breaking a tooth. Otherwise, the service was great, plenty of heat lamps to combat the winds and the food was delicious. They also serve Intelligentsia coffee! yay!
5	By far my new FAVORITE restaraunt!!Heard tons about it so finally my gf and I tried it about a month ago and we have been back 2 more times since then.  We get a bottle of champagne, 2 orders of the Steak Frites and 2 sides dishes (Macaroni and spinach) and for about $100 bucks.  Not bad at all for the quality of what you get!HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
5	Who would have thought you could have a wonderful French dinner right on the Strip at a reasonable price in a casino?We waited about 20min. for a table outside overlooking the Bellagio fountains. They had plenty of heaters so it was comfortable even in February.The waitress was wonderful, the food was delicious, the prices were reasonable. Two entrees, bottle of wine, and dessert (white chocolate bread pudding) for ~$100.I wanted to go back the next night, but there are so many places to try...
5	Wonderful find!   Thanks yelpers!!!Had the French onion soup, and steak with blue cheese.  Awesome.  And sitting outside watching people and the Bellagio fountains -the best.The heaters made it toasty, even though the wind was blowing - the food was great, staff always there... wonderful experience, you almost feel like you're on the streets of Paris!
3	Of all the bajillion trips I have gone on I never really stopped to see if I should dine here and finally did. Really nice view of the Bellagio fountains if you sit outside or luck out in the room that we had inside.Wait was not too bad if you wanted to sit inside but prepare to wait if you want to sit outside. What kinda sucked was the service. I don't mind paying paying the standard 18% service fee but can it at least be decent? Numerous times I had to ask for water and it was annoying that the waiter filled up my cup with ice and made me wait the whole time.Anyways, off to the food. I ordered the French Onion Soup to start off and it was good and I suggest that you share it with a friend or two since I couldn't finish it. Main course for me was the steak bordelaise. It was decent, I had better expectations for this place and it wasn't really up there at the end.Had a bite of the scallops and it was pretty good if not the best thing I had there. One last thing I forgot about this meal is if you do not like super salty food don't come here! Overall it was an a-okay meal and if you really want a dank steak on the strip head over to Bouchon. I'm not sure if I'll come back here unless it's dinner.
4	I've been wanting to go to Mon Ami Gabi for a long time now, especially since my last visit to Vegas was a stay at Paris. I know all my friends always stop here, so I just HAD to check it out.Anyway, we came here for breakfast on a Friday morning around 10:30. The patio looked full when we got there, however, we got seated right away! It was low 60s, maybe mid 60s, but the heated patio made it an absolutely amazing experience! Our table was directly across the Bellagio fountains, so not only were we enjoying the delicious food and great weather, but we also had a fantastic view! At that moment, life could not get any better ;-)I ordered a mimosa and the smoked salmon eggs Benedict. I don't know if it was the mimosa, or just my mood, but it was THE BEST Benedict I have ever eaten ANYWHERE! mmm... My boyfriend had the ham & cheese crepes which he also said were amazing. Our server was very attentive and was super pleasant, so no complaints there! The prices were absolutely reasonable considering the fact that it is Vegas after all.I know there is a M A G in Chicago which I will def check out soon, but nothing beats this Mon Ami Gabi's location on the strip... I will be back here next time and try their dinner menu. I want to give it 5 stars, but I will just have to wait and write an update :)
5	Food, service and atmosphere are amazing here. My boyfriend and I ate breakfast here on a whim one morning and have eaten there every trip ever since. The wait wasn't very long. I had the Bananas Foster Skinny pancakes and he had the Nutella Waffle. It's at a great location on the strip. Across the street from the Bellagio Fountains... Sitting on the patio is really the way to go if you want to get the full experience. Def rec. Oh! And they have a full Bloody Mary bar!... that is all.
5	If you have read my other reviews of the two other resturaunts at this scale, this by far was our favorite!!  We didn't have reservation, but it was later in the night, so no problem getting in.  We were seated outside and though it was cold, the gas heaters make it nice and toasty and off cam the jacket!!We started with the Smoked Salmon.  We stacked the salmon on the brioche topped with creme fraiche and capers and we were in heaven.We then ordered the Ribeye with Sauteed Mushrooms and the special, Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin.  Both were out of the world!!   No gristle to be found on the ribeye, bacon was thick and smokey, and the mushrooms melted in our mouths.If only their music could coordinate with the Bellagio fountain or at least they could turn it down.
5	You won't find another place in Vegas that matches up to the ambiance, setting, and quality of food here at such an affordable price.  Located across from the Bellagio fountains, you get a great view if you sit on the patio. You have to wait list it at the front for the patio, you can't reserve ahead of time like for inside the restaurant.  On a Saturday night in January, we waited for around 30 minutes for a table for two.  Not too bad, as there's a lot of things to see and do in the casino while you're waiting.I've had the steak frites here, the seared scallops, the prime rib (was on their special menu) and their fish of the day.  Everything I tried was always delicious.  The mini baguette comes out fresh and it's so good we got an extra order!  A severely underrated dish here is the Duck Confit! Omg, this was hands down my favorite thing on the menu.  It's just one duck leg and thigh, but could definitely serve as a main course and was amazing with it's crisp skin, juicy meat, and was so flavorful. I've come here three times, and will probably keep coming back, because despite all the offerings that Vegas has, this is hands down one of the best deals around.
3	I have been here two times, and for me this time around fell a little flat.. Which could be due to numerous things.. The patio was open and had some heat lamps..but it was getting a little too windy by the end of the night to really enjoy the meal. It might be nice to have a covering over the patio during the winter if you decide to serve food out there.. However, the view from the patio of the Bellagio fountain was spectacular and worth the chill.The food for me felt a little underwhelming and so did the service. I felt our table seemed like an afterthought for the waitress who was clearly busy, but when she was present she was very nice. The busser who was wating on us did so excellently, I kinda wished he had been our waiter.. She forgot the salad on one order but did bring out two desserts for the birthday boys.. so that made up for it.I ordered the escargots.. typically delicious, but this version for me, while full of garlic and butter lacked some acid (white wine or lemon or both) to enhance the flavors.. the dish was simply too bland. I had the filet au poivre with the rouqefort sauce along with root veggies subbed for the frites, for my main.. The flilet was done properly, but the roquefort was barely visible and there was no sauce at all in the "roquefort sauce" it was a small pat of the cheese broiled to death on top of the filet.. The root veggies were really good..The frites seemed too much like potato chips and not at all like the frites classically served..so luckily for me I was able to substitute another side which was really good.The desserts, while not bad were not good either..the white chocolate bread pudding sounded yummy in theory but sadly it was not sweet and very bready in flavor.. no white chocolate flavors were found in this dish. The chocolate mousse was a matter of taste I suppose.. the small crunchy chocolate balls that covered the top took over the dish and the taste of the chocolate in the mousse were again lacking and too sweet. I should stress, it is really all a matter of taste for me..but I just can't sugarcoat this one.I will be back again this summer and give it another whirl, it could have just been an off night..
3	I don't know much about french cuisine, but I didn't really like what I had.  My best friend was visiting me and we came here to eat.  We shared a seafood platter, and everything was cold.  Literally, came on ice.  Presentation was nice, but I don't like cold seafood.  If I did research, I would of known that French seafood was served like this.  I wasn't a fan though.  Cute date night place though.
4	I thought the food was great! My wife had the amazing filet mignon which was divine and my steak was excellent. They give you an outrageous portion of French fries, good thing they are delicious. I thought it was a pretty classy place with good service. Way too long of a wait to sit outside. The window was just as nice to sit by plus no cigarette smoke from people outside.
2	Ate here in Jan 2013.  This was always on our "must do" list for Las Vegas.  We used to go a couple times a year but skipped 2010 and 2011 altogether so were very much looking forward to eating here again in 2013.  It is definitely not as good as we remembered.  The Frangria is still GREAT but the food was not.  The warm brie tasted like it had freezer burn or that refrigerator taste?   I know you know what I'm talking about.  The mussels were not good at all and were cold (should have been warm) and the frites were soggy.  Service was good.  I'll go back and just have the Frangria next time we go, and just eat somewhere else.
5	The line to get a table, was a bit confusing.  After I realized I didn't need to sit outside, we got a romantic corner booth in the bar.  Fantastic attentive service, the waiter and busser worked as a team.  Hot bread out of the oven.  Nice bucket of champange, that the waiter kept refilling.French Onion soup, warm chicken and brie sandwich, smoked salmon, croque madame, each dish fantastic.
5	On my recent trip to Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi stood out as not only the most delicious and memorable restaurant, but probably the most bang for your buck.While it was a Sunday night, we decided to err on the side of caution and make a reservation. Good call, it was pretty busy! We were quickly seated by a friendly hostess and our server brought us a great, crusty baguette and an amuse bouche, which was a pickled carrot. While I enjoyed the pickled carrot, the bread was what really stood out. It was everything I wanted and more. It was so perfect to sop up all of the sauce for the appetizer we ordered (escargot). So, I don't have snail very often, but I always order it when I see it on a menu and I have to say the escargot at Mon Ami was exceptional. It was cooked very nicely and wasn't chewy (sometimes it feels like I'm eating a rubber band when I order escargot). The sauce was buttery and garlicky, and as I mentioned, every drop of sauce went to good use when sopped up with the perfect bread.For an entree, I had the braised lamb shank which was not only a huge portion, but was ridiculously moist and tender. The meat was completely falling off the bone and was flawlessly seasoned. Best of all, the sides were also solid. Couscous, almonds, raisins, and root vegetables. The sweet chewiness of the raisins paired well with the crunch of the almonds and the earthy caramelization on the vegetables. My dinning companion had the poisson frites, which were also exceptional. The frites consisted of a huge filet of white fish that was delicately coated and fried. Don't order this if you are expecting fish and chips, because this is far superior. The coating was crunchy but understated and the frites were practically paper thin and were airy. Throughout the visit service was friendly and attentive, and I rather enjoyed the ambiance. The best part? The bill. An appetizer, two entrees, a few cocktails and beer.... less than $100. In a city where Starbucks charges over $5 for an americano, I was expecting more damage considering the high quality and huge portion. It was one of the cheapest meals of the trip and it was by far the most delicious. I cannot recommend it enough!
4	my mexican and I went here for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. we sat inside next to the patio with a view of the bellagio fountains which was gorgeous. What we ordered:-first they serve you a fresh french baguette with butter- delicious. -bowl of non-fat latte which was delish... a little cold though. -shared  the french onion soup... ho-ly YUM. seriously soooo good, very rich though. -I ordered the croque monsieur which was pretty good. it came with frites... a little to thin/ fried for me. reminded me more of a garnish.-my mexican ordered their steak sandwich which he devoured.-finished off with a butter & cinnamon crepe served with whipped cream on the side. this isn't on the menu, just something my cousin had recommended and OH.EM. GEE. seriously, so simple but SO SO SOOO good. the thing was HUGE (at least 10" in diam) and im pretty sure I ate 2/3 of it myself lol.Service was ok... kind of slow but that was expected. we were happy to just be  hanging out with good food and a beautiful view. prob not the best place to go if you're wanting something quick.
5	Fancy shmancy!After a crazy night in Vegas, my girls and I were looking for a quaint place to eat. I had a wonderful lunch with my girls especially with the impeccable view outdoors. We didn't wait much to be seated and the hostess were very nice and polite. We requested to be seated outdoors and overlooking the Bellagio water show. It was a sunny day in Vegas and not too hot either. The waitress was very attentive to our needs. We started with the house bread, which I was thankful for because of all the drinking the night before, I needed to get something in my stomach ASAP.I had the lobster roll ($17) paired with a Sauvignon Blanc wine. Delicious!! It comes in toasted brioche roll packed with lobster and slaw. The slaw had a nice mixture of dressing. The only thing I would change is to add more lobster and less crispier on the bread. Overall, great experience! I don't think you would go wrong with any of their dishes.
5	To be a 5 star restaurant you need to have great food, great customer service, and feel like the experience was worth it. My wife and I both had the Merlot Filet . . . uh . . . AMAZING!!!! As a man who likes to grill steak at home I am forever ruined and will never live up to the mark. Herve our server was AWESOME!! His recommendations were spot on. He was attentive without being dominating. He would chat when we wanted to, answer questions, and really took care of us. Finally, after the meal I had a macchiato. The espresso in it was so good I ordered a second shot of espresso. :) We'll definitely be returning!
5	My wife and I recently enjoyed this fabulous yet very busy restaurant on the strip.  The food was excellent, the prices fair (especially for a french menu) but what truly made it a 5 star experience was where we were seated:  On the patio overlooking the Las Vegas Strip!  The wine was a perfect fit for our meals and came recommended from our waiter, who was engaging and funny without being overbearing.  The people watching was fantastic and the fountains across the street at Bellagio were another feast for the senses.  What an experience!  I don't know if it would have been as good without the outdoor spot but I will return to Mon Ami Gabi.  Oh, did I mention it was a romantic place for my wife and I?  That too!
5	Saw great reviews on Yelp, so we thought we'd give it a try for dinner.  We had such a great experience we went back the next day for breakfast and then had dinner later that day as well.  We were seated on the patio in each case with a very short wait (we were early for dinner).  The atmosphere and service was excellent and pricing was very reasonable in each case.We started our first dinner by sharing the Frisee and Kale salad.  Flavors were outstanding with a poached egg highlight.  I rarely order steak, but my steak bordelaise was excellent (thin cut, but tender) and my wife's hanger steak with merlot butter was tender and very flavorful.  The potato chip/fries on both entrees were salty and crispy.For breakfast I had the turkey & egg white omelette and my wife had eggs benedict and both were excellent.We started our second dinner by sharing the duck confit.  It was a generous helping with dark, tender meat accented with balsamic cherries.  This paired with the baguette bread could have been a meal itself.  For my entree, I have the lamb shank (large and again awesome) and my wife had the sea scallops.  The scallops were melt in your mouth and the brussel sprouts were the best she's ever had.All great experiences. We know where we'll be going again the next time we're in Vegas.
4	Wanted to try this place because I liked the name. I'm glad I did. Steak frite = delicious! Our server was very attentive.
5	This place was wonderful!! The coffee was amazing, the waitresses were so great.  We were trying to eat healthy most of our meals, so we ordered oatmeal and egg white omelets our first breakfast there, so they were good, but they didn't season the omelet, so it wasn't amazing.  The green sauce on it was amazing though.  They substituted the potatoes with fruit for me.  The next day was the day we were just gonna order what we wanted.  The Hubby wanted waffles and I had the big skinny cinnamon pancakes.  They were both amazing. The potatoes were great, eggs cooked perfectly (but not salted again?), bacon was great and the waffle I stole a taste of was freakin amazing!! Prices aren't bad, food is great, beautiful place, I LOVED it!
3	Came here with a reservation for brunch:Fruit boquet: I was expecting something rather large, since the waiter said it'd be bigger than the fruit plate. Out came half a cantaloupe, all diced up like a flower (pretty!) with a couple chunks of pineapple stuffed in between. I felt kinda ripped off since I was expecting a bigger variety of fruit. It was really hard to cut into the cantaloupe flower as well and it was an overload on cantaloupe. Definitely don't get this...huge rip off. The yogurt side was very creamy and the mint syrup was very light and refreshing though.Gluten free toast: Tasted like real toast! The jam was very delicious (homemade?) and I actually enjoyed the toast very much...even if it was slightly over toasted.Mushroom omelette: Full of flavor, but it was much too simplistic. Boyfriend said he could've made it at home for half the price with even more eggs!Egg white omelette: It was pure egg white, nothing else. No veggies or extra ingredients...my friend was very disappointed in it. Overall, Mon Ami Gabi's food is executed well and visually appealing, but it's really lacking in the little twists and "Oh!"s that make food EXCITING! In other words, although delicious, the restaurant is a bit too safe in terms of food options, and it'd be nice to see them add an interesting flavor twist or flair into their items (ex: Putting ingredients into their egg white omelette).PS: My friend got the french toast and LOVED IT. Apparently you should stick with sweet items if you come here.
4	Finally! A place in LV that lives up to the hype.We sat inside the pavilion but not outside - but it was perfect.  No sun in the eyes but all the sunlight could still be enjoyed.Great service by #46 :)  Don't remember his name but he had a tag that indicated his #....despite that he was very personable, from Cali and was accurate on his reco's (french onion soup and creme brulee).So the plan was to go to a buffet for dinner....so lunch at MAG was 'light'.  I had french onion soup which was divine.  Dad had the Caesar salad which was solid.Then I had the creme brulee.  Excellent!  Mom and Dad split the profiteroles - huge portion of ice cream, fudge and pastry.Would love to go back and check out more of the menu - but for service and french favs - they did really really well!
4	Being a new resident of Las Vegas (Previously residing in Los Angeles) & a major Brunch foodie I was really excited to try Mon Ami Gabi!! It offered great view of the strip (Patio seating offers view of the Bellagio Water fountain and its glory) Unfortunately we sat inside the restaurant, which was still really nice. My friend had the Salmon, Leek & Quinoa which was delicious, perfectly seasoned and the Quinoa was also on point. (a friend suggested that ordering salmon is a waste of an entree being extremely easy to cook) good tip? what do you think?I had the Gabi Fish(breaded) & Frites which was OKAY, everything i order seems to be breaded these days (accidental) i will definitely ask for details next time, the frites were delicious!Service was phenomenal, our waitress was extremely friendly (i hate not remembering names but thank you!) Being a major coffee addict, I was really excited seeing intelligentsia beans and that they sell them by the pound (20$) but my iced coffee was watered down (boo) if anyone knows of a good coffee place off the strip please let me know!Overall a good brunch place and very inexpensive by LA standards, will come again for dinner
5	This place was amazing. Patio seating allows you a really good view of the Bellagio Fountain shows. GREAT gluten free selections- they have a separate gluten free menu that included French Onion Soup WITH GLUTEN FREE CROUTONS! Also came with gluten free bread (which was just store-bought sliced GF bread, but it was still great to have with dinner). Service was exceptional. They did not allow us to bring in our own bottle of wine, which we were willing to pay corkage fee, but I guess that's just Vegas. Would definitely go here again
5	One of my favorite lunch/brunch places when coming to Las Vegas.I ALWAYS order the Filet Mignon! It's so delicious and definitely affordable here. Literally heaven in my mouth. The filet mignon is always so flavorful, and always comes out in a very large peice too. Normally when I go to steak houses the filet mignon is extremely tiny. Service is absolutely fantastic, I also reccomend sitting in the patio.Definitely one of my favorite stops in Las Vegas, definitely returning during my next trip.
4	Good news for anybody looking for yummy, reasonably priced French food, with good ambiance and service on the strip! This place has all of these things and is also super accommodating to people with allergies and dietary restrictions. I've never been to a French restaurant with a gluten-free menu, yet they had it! The chef also wrote somewhere on one of the menus that they are happy to accommodate people with any allergy, so just say the word. We started with the out of this world duck confit and fingerling potato appetizer, along with the butter lettuce and arugula salad. For dinner the server recommended the filet mignon, which was mouth watering, as promised. I also got the frangria and a nicely paired glass of red wine. My partner got the chicken paillard, which was good initially but got cold and dry fast. We took the chicken leftovers and made some pretty delicious sandwiches with it the next day.Speaking of bread, they brought me out some slices of some yummy gluten-free bread at the beginning of the meal, which made me a lot less resentful of my partner's warm baguette.
4	I think overall food is Salty but still good! Kid friendly, not at night (too tight spacing) but if your child is behaved well and doesn't run or scream, this is a great go to family restaurant. Not like Buca Peppo most certainly in ambiance nor cheesecake, just a mix of both and a touch of upscale with the wine glasses.the little girl had  her $4.95 kids meal served in cafeteria style glass plate. She enjoyed it like a grown lady with her wine glass of water instead of the offered plastic cup and straw. She got the grilled cheese which i devoured instead while she eyed on butter fresh baby green beans, apple slices, and frites (fries). The cheese is not cheddar so if you want that you have to request. I should have done that and thus the swiss ended up in my hips.We started with shrimp cocktail ($12.95) and 1/2 order mussels (10.95).  The shrimp was huge and served on ice, about 5 or 6 pieces. Too little for price! It was good and the only thing i was happy about was that it was smaller portion so we didn't have to box anything home. But if looking at value, it was overpriced.  The mussels was good, sauce not as good as Brunos in Brea, Ca, and mussels were too meaty for my liking.  Then again we are comparing Bruno Italian with Mon Ami French! How dare I !!Entrees was new york strip steak (39.95) which was good but he got it medium, not typically his taste and so really the review won't be accurate.  He liked it, i did too, we definitely got full from it but I cannot say much about it since i love seafood more.Got the Sea Scallops ($19.95) which came in 5 pieces with brussel sprouts and cauliflower puree. I ordered side of mushroom ($3.95) which was good but too salty.  The dish didn't need any sides.  The scallops surprisingly made me full! Could be the dressing and buttered thing sin it that fills you up.  It was soft inside and perfeclty seared outside.  I was blown away!!Will be our go to restaurant again. The bill for all and our carafe of sangria (about 5 wine glasses or maybe 6 depending on how much you pour) was $135.00 or so.  We came in at 5.45 pm and by 7:00 pm it was packed and butts were bumping into my face since we sat on table and not booth. It was too tight of spacing and dark!! I don't recommend high heels for older ladies. Hold on to your man or make him hold you when you navigate here. Do It Do It, Mon Ami Gabi....let's go again!Note: There is dress code, not strict...but don't come in all torn up! Your wallet may be torn up here but don't look that way!
5	Unreal food at a great value.  We went here for breakfast twice and everything, especially the view and food was fantastic.  Would highly recommend it to anyone looking for good food at affordable prices on the strip.  Great place to eat outside too.
2	we came here for breakfast.  I was expecting to be blown away by the food based on the reviews but that wasn't the case.  Although the sitting area was beautiful overlooking the bellagio and passersby, my husband and I were not impressed with our selections.  He got the chicken, Brie, and apple crepe which he said was flavorless.  The crepe itself was nearly empty.  Hecalao asked for fries on the side and ended up getting potato sticks/chips so dont order fries if you're expecting regular fries. I got the three eggs breakfast and my eggs were overcooked and the hashbrowns  were nothing to rave about.  One thing that turned me off immediately and the reason for my 2 star rather than 3 star rating was the distinct eggy/dirty smell that was surrounding us even before we received our meal.  I would pass on this place on my next trip to LV.
4	I liked this place, we had lunch here on the terrasse, which is fabulous on a sunny afternoon! I thought the quality/ food ratio was excellent, and the portions werent huge! Perfect place to enjoy a nice sunny afternoon!
5	We were walking along the street and it was a beautiful Spring day in Vegas. Passed by this place and reminded me of summertime in Paris. We stopped here for lunch and wow, I felt transported back to Europe! The menu contained very authentic french cafe-type of food. We ordered the escargot to share and each got a crepe. I like my seafood crepe although it was a bit on the heavier side and it was a bit too creamy...and my friend's ham and cheese crepe was a bit too salty in my opinion. Nevertheless, the atmosphere was really relaxing and nice. I would definitely return here!
3	This review is for multiple visits over the past 6 years.  This visit I ordered the steak w/ frites (fries).  The steak was good, however they overload the plate with frites.    The Service is usually as good as the food.  Past service mishap from waiter was to hand out the dessert menu and give us 3 seconds before asking us if we knew what we wanted. Then he asked us again 5 seconds after that.  (Major turn off). We went to serendipity 3 for dessert.  I give it 3 stars because of the view of Bellagio fountains.
5	The BEST BREAKFAST IN LAS VEGAS. Reasonably priced and good coffee. Service was great, really friendly, we sat outside which looks over the strip and got to watch everything going on. Defintiley recommend it, I had the short ribs with poached eggs & fruit salad. Lots of range on the men too.
4	Get a seat on the patio. The food is good but made better by the view of the Bellagio fountains. Worth a visit!
4	Delicious steaks. The frites were good, too. Went here based on good reviews and only $$ on the strip, which is really hard to find. We were able to make a same day reservation for 8 during a large conference, so that was nice. Good service, our waitress kindly split the bill 8 ways. She's smart, knowing that most people will tip extra just because she did that. Sat inside, so we didn't get a fountain view, but that was okay. Overall everyone was very impressed with the place!
4	Absolutely loved the seared sea scallops with carmelized brussels sprouts and bacon and cauliflower puree. Great view of the Bellagio fountains. Oh, and can't forget about the decadent bread pudding...amazing!
2	Sat outside to people watch. It's right in front of the Paris Hotel. Heaters outside are welcome. Had the French Onion Soup with gruyere. It was pretty good. Ordered the fish and frites. First off, the frites are outstanding. Some redneck behind me was asking whether frites was SPANISH for french fries. Err.. Anyways, the fish was pretty bland and was not very pretty either (I could pan fry a fish way better than that). I'll upload a picture later.The waiter was a bit uninterested (Abraham). Says the same shtick to everyone.. "Where are you from?" "Oh, I used to live there a long time ago", and hurriedly rushes away as not to follow up.If you must come here, I would say the Frites are yummy. But, this was my first and final time I'll eat here. I mean, out of a bazillion eateries in Vegas, why bother. Meh.
5	A trip to Vegas would not be complete without a stop to my favorite restaurant on the strip! Be it breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner, you're sure to have an exquisite experience! Located directly across from The Bellagio, you have a lovely view of the fountains from the patio. Inside the restaurant, the sexy dim lighting provides an ultra intimate environment!The cuisine: I love love LOVE their escargot!! An acquired taste, of course, they are cooked to perfection in a heavenly garlic, pesto oil. I can never help but mop up the remaining garlic oil w/left over bread fragments (Sorry Sebastian Maniscalco!) I'm literally salivating as writing this review! The French Onion Soup is to die for! Their steaks are all superb! Fine cuts; so tender and juicy!! And the creme brulee is one of the best I've ever had! Ive been here numerous times over the past 5 years and they have consistently blown me away!!
3	This place is great if you're looking for something low key and casual. Had a 745 rezi about a week in advance. Waitress was very patient with us and helped us pick out the Franco only list of wines. Chateau Cadillac was a reasonable bordeaux bottle.I wanted a slab of steak! So as much as I wanted to try the steak au poivre, I decided on the rib eye after finding out that the steak dishes are just top sirloin pounded flat. Boy! 22oz rib eye was delicious!!! I cleaned the meat off the bone! It came with bearnadaise sauce made with egg (like hollandaise), but it did not need it at all. The dinner menu is French style, but would not call it French by no means. After all, we are in Vegas, not France, so not complainin', just sayin'!The chairs were a bit broken. Rocking back and forth all night. Not sure how the average American can actually feel comfortable in these chairs since I felt like it was just my size.We had front row center inside of the restaurant but clear view of the Bellagio's watershow. It was fanTAStic!
3	The atmosphere was nice as many have said.  Had  Large shrimp and french onion soup. I  felt that for $15  I could have more than 4 jump shrimp. Soup was good-great.  My wife though ordered  the special (halbut or roughy I don't remember) but the fish was as bland as could be. No flavor , no seasoning, I was disappointed. bread was good. I guess I would try it again but with so many options in Las Vegas probably not.
4	Delicious steak frites (skirt with merlot demi). Definitely worth the wait to sit outside. Lots of people watching and the Bellagio fountains across the way.
4	My wife had been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally on this trip we went...three times for breakfast. Each time our service was solid and the food great. Sometimes things were slow, but the staff was always in communication and never was too behind.Corned beef and poached eggs...outstanding. Not your diner corned beef hash...shredded deliciousness here. Eggs were perfect. And served with home-made bread to soak up all the goodness.Sit outside if you can, to enjoy the people watching and the view of the Bellagio...even if it's chilly, they've got great outdoor heaters that keep the atmosphere comfortable.
4	My husband and I always eat here when in Vegas. Love the food and the staff are very helpful. Love to eat outside to see the wonderful water show. A must when in Vegas!
3	Service is always sub-par.  Recently went for Sunday Brunch to sit on the patio, where the first impression of the experience was waiting over 5 minutes for the hostess to figure out what to do with the guest in front of us.  As she "shoo'd" the guest away, there wasn't a "good morning, welcome to Mon Ami Gabi", in fact there wasn't any greeting coming out of the her mouth, just a blank stare waiting for me to say "2 people please".  Is there a point when management just doesn't care or forget to train the host or hostess to be hospitable?  Last time I checked, restaurants are in the hospitality business...  If anyone has ever been to Mon Ami Gabi, its a busy restaurant, our hostess that sat us never made any eye contact or cared to start up a conversation, as the walk to the patio is a good minute.  It was a crowded day and hostess pushed through guests charging her way through the dining room, literally loosing us by the time she got out to the patio.I figured our experience was about to turn around, or at least hoped.  Anyway, sitting on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi, people watching on a nice Sunday morning, your experience will be good even if the food and service can't compliment the location.Our busser was friendly and prompt, he came by and made sure our waters and coffees where filled at all times, with a smile.  Our Server on the other hand must have been trained by the same person lacking a hospitable drop of service that trained the hostesses.  My friend had been to Mon Ami Gabi only a few weeks earlier for brunch and she remembered an omelette she had that consisted of ham, mushrooms and blue cheese.  She mentioned this to the server and his response was "huh".  After hearing my friend rave about this omelette all morning, I kind of assumed that the server would say, "please allow me check if we have any blue cheese, I'm sure the chef would be more than happy to make that for you." but rather a "huh" response.  So we start to order our meals, in the middle of writing down our order, he tells us he'll be right back and goes and talks with his busser and another table for a few minutes.  What a way to make the guest feel important...  He certainly must have needed our table, as he sat the check down before our breakfast plates were cleared - I would have had no problem ordering some baguette and nutella or a pastry with the rest of my coffee, but I guess increasing our check wasn't part of his thought process.  Funny thing is, I had my credit card on top of the check presenter for over 15 minutes before he came by to pick it up - So I guess, he wasn't trying to rush us out - he just wanted to take a break, as we didn't see him for a long time...Whatever the case - there just isn't too many restaurants in Vegas with such a prime location, where you can eat outside and people watch.  If there was, I would never come back and the restaurant would have been rated 1 star, but due to great ambiance, with no help from the staff,  I gave it 3 star
3	Went here with my husband and some co-workers on a work trip. We were lucky to get a table right in the middle of the patio facing the fountains at sundown.  Perfect! The food was great (he had the steak Bearnaise and I had ahi tuna) and the company even better.  Our server was strange.  He had a weird attitude from the moment we sat down.  :(While the food was good, I ordered a cosmo along with the ladies I work with and it was made with a lemon vodka for sure.  It also had lemon pieces in it from being squeezed, which made it lemony and not a cosmo.  He tried to argue with me about it but whatever, I just got a plain vodka and cranberry up.  Much better.I'd definitely go back for the view, but not for the service.
5	Absolutely fantastic breakfast. Had a lot of good food during our week in Las Vegas (as I extensively research every detail before a trip!) and this meal was one of my favorites. My boyfriend who accompanied me on the trip agreed. We love dining out and are self-proclaimed foodies who will try most things but also enjoy classics just as much as the next person. We also will order different things and share in order to enjoy variety during meals. The entire experience of dining is something we are both fairly passionate about.I ordered the bananas foster skinny pancakes, a half order of the blueberry french toast, and bf ordered the corned beef hash and poached eggs. Definitely too much food for the two of us but we couldn't decide and had absolutely no regrets. I also ordered the cappuccino in a bowl - couldn't resist, but probably overkill for one person (bf doesn't like coffee). All the food was out of this world good. We went on February 23rd and now that I am writing this review I am salivating thinking about those darn skinny pancakes. How I wish this restaurant was closer to where I live!The service was exceptional - we had three or four people waiting on our every need. The ambiance is excellent as well. We sat on the patio even though it was in the mid 50s or so, but the heaters they have outside made it perfectly comfortable. Next time we are in Vegas we will DEFINITELY return. It is a bit pricey which is about the only reason we didn't go back every morning (that and wanting to try other things). Normally we would not be too thrilled about spending $40 for two for breakfast, but for the amount and quality of food, it was more than worth the price. As far as breakfast goes, nothing else we had in Vegas (or possibly anywhere) compares to Mon Ami Gabi.Highly recommend making a reservation, even for breakfast.
4	Let's keep this simple...Steak Frites. Enough said. Well...almost...Great steak, thin cut crispy fries...$26...ok...is that enough?Really...I dug it.Let's keep this simple...Steak Frites. Enough said. Well...almost...Great steak, thin cut crispy fries...$26...ok...is that enough?Really...I dug it.
5	Best seat in the house with view of water fountain, good wine, good food n good service.
4	All in all ... Not too shabby!  French...... Maybe "Vancouver French" but definitely not "Avenue des Champs-Elysees French".  Stick with the steaks and or vegetable pot and you should be fine.  The pomme frites are the star of this show!  Delicate and almost wafer thin they combine a touch of chewy with a crispy crunch of salty goodness... Leave the spicy ketchup behind ... They do fine all by their lonesome!Prices aren't too god awful like the rest of the strip... My suggestion is keep it simple.Service is pretty good though its a tad slow on weekends with the Bellagio Fountain show attracting a huge crowd who hope to dine and watch the show.
5	OMG what an amazing restaurant. The food is fabulous!!!! And the servers are so kind.We went there for our best friends anniversary and....we all order steak :).Before u getting ur meal they bring to the table A..... baguette :) OMG!!!
2	The crusty baguette and butter were the high point of the meal. The steak bordelaise was a super-cheap cut of beef smothered in caramelized onions and a cloyingly sweet red wine sauce. Not good at all. The frites were ribbon-cut, which I've never seen before, and were a mixed bag of soggy, limp fries and crisp, tasty ones. This dining experience would have been disappointing if I'd spent $10. The fact that my entree set me back $25 was just painful.The only real reason to dine at Mon Ami Gabi is if you snag an outdoor table in order to people watch and take in the Bellagio fountain across the street. Perhaps stick with a cup of onion soup and bread to avoid the inevitable case of the crankies when you feel like you've been culinarily flipped the bird and price gouged.
5	Still my favorite meal since I moved to Las Vegas 7 years ago - and I've had many wonderful meals here. The French Onion soup is out of this world and comes in a huge crock. The filet mignon was melt in your mouth delicious. Highly recommend.
4	Considering the location on the strip, and the fact it has a patio facing the Bellagio fountains, I am very impressed with Mon Ami Gabi mainly due to the value of what you get for what you pay. I have eaten here a few times for brunch and once for a casual dinner and it was all very reasonably priced, yet the food choices and ambiance/service could have easily made this a "nice/fancy/special" meal.I highly recommend it whether you just want a casual brunch, or are looking to impress someone over a meal. It offers both.I don't remember the name of our server when we ate here last Sun, but she was tall and blonde, and considering we were seated in the bar she was extremely professional (kitchen took a while to get our entrees out and she made sure we were updated, when bf disappeared to the bathroom she asked me if I wanted his salad held for him until he came back rather than it sitting out...). I appreciated this!
4	Ate here for breakfast back in December 2012. Had the salmon eggs benedict which were out of this world. Others in my party had the lemon Big Skinny Pancakes and apple crepes. We also ordered two bowls of French onion soup which I would whole heartedly recommend. Nice seating in the atrium area, didn't want to be out on the outdoor patio as it was too cold for us Hawaii folks!!
4	This is a great french-style restaurant, with many gluten-free options. They even serve pre-meal gfree bread to gluten-free patrons! Lunch sandwiches/burgers can be served on gfree bread as well. Dinner entrees include beef, chicken and fish options. Located in the Paris hotel, across from the Bellagio. So if you sit outside, you can watch the amazing water show while you eat. I was very impressed with the gfree options this restaurant provided and have featured it on my blog: gfreenikibee.blogspot.com
4	Food was good. Pomme frites are yummy. I got the black peppered filet mignon and my company got T bone steak. IMHO if you are opting for steak the T bone was much more yummy. Make reservation early for dinner since they are always busy.
5	I took my girlfriend on a first date here and it was the perfect restaurant choice to do so.I requested to be seated with a view of the Bellagio fountains and that's exactly what I got. There is no better back drop when in Vegas then the towering fountains. I highly suggest making this request to better your chances on getting lucky. The odds would be better than any other casino game you would be playing anyway. The prices are very reasonable for Vegas. Everything we got was standard tasty french food. As an appetizer I recommend the warm brie cheese. Just marvelous with the black pepper honey, hazelnuts and croutons. I ordered the steak classique that came with thin fries which paired well and both were very satisfactory. The onion soup au gratin is standard. My date got the daily fresh fish which she seemed to enjoy.This time around what happened in vegas, didn't stay there. I still got the girl. She's an absolute beauty. Peace out!
2	High expectations meet reality.And please someone change that $$ to $$$.Service was so-so, with weak recommendations from the waitress.  Here's what we ordered:- Escargots de Bourgogne (oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter) - pretty good- Housemade Country Pate (cornichons, whole grain mustard, warm country bread) - a LOT of pate, too little bread, I liked this dish, but talk about disparity b/t the two.- Chicken Liver Mousse (burgundy red wine mustard, toasted brioche) - same as above, with respect to mousse to bread ratio - too much mousse, too little bread.  I was looking forward to this dish, but that burgundy red wine mustard is just nasty and overpowering), pass!- Sea Scallops Gratinees (caramelized fennel & onion marmalade, mussel cream) - thin scallops that were tasty, but surrounded by too much cheese.  Should have gone with the entree version instead, sigh...- Rack of Lamb Special - overpowering mustard sauce on the lamb that was just unpleasant.  The lamb was tender and the au jus was tasty.  Excise the sauce and it is  tasty, but $36 worth of tasty?  No.- Creme Brulee - this was the best dish of the night, nice and creamy with the right thickness to the sugary top.
2	I love this place. i really do. the food is pretty good, but this time just sucked....... Checked in, was told it was 15-30 minutes for an outside patio table. Weather was perfect, so we decided to wait. 45 minutes later (with my buzzer in hand) i was told my reservation was lost and i'd have the next available table.Strolling through the restaurant, passing a table for 2 at the outside rail, we were seated at a table for 4 right next to the goddamn server station. For an hour i was continuously bumped and kicked by servers sitting here and the ONLY reason i didn't blow up, is because this was my wifes birthday weekend and she specifically wanted to go here. $150 for lunch, including cocktails......
4	One of our favorite breakfast places on the strip.  There is a 35 minute wait if you want outside (highly recommended, mostly in the shade, right on the street for people watching, Bellagio fountains go off across the street) but they do pagers so that is way better than someone yelling your name in a loud lobby area.  Inside the glass area is also nice as it is bright but loud.  The restaurant itself is dark since this is a steakhouse so not the best for breakfast.Champagne Framboise is a great sparkling cocktail and mixed perfectly to not have too much raspberry flavor overpowering the sparkling wine.The week we went they had an eggs benedict special with brisket.  Great dish, hollandaise sauce is light and not overpowering.  Sometimes one of the two poached eggs comes medium or almost hard so if that bothers you send it back.  Muffin is good, not heavy and grilled nicely.Also had the corned beef hash and poached eggs.  The corned beef is not so much a hash as it is corned beef cabbage minus the cabbage.  To me this is a good thing as when it comes cubed or the normal mushy hash it is dry as the potatoes are mixed in.  Here, the potatoes are separate from the meat so it stays moist and juicy.  And poached eggs (you can order the eggs any style) only make it better.The brisket that came with the benedict looked almost the same as the corned beef but the taste was very different between the two so don't think they are just using the same meat for everything.  We could have both dishes over and over and enjoy them every time.Table service was always excellent, food came fast (which is preferred for breakfast).
5	It's hard to find a Vegas restaurant on the strip that offers such high quality food at an affordable price which makes Mon Ami Gabi an absolute treasure. Hidden inside Paris's casinos is this fine venue. Lines can be long, so one should make reservations. Inside seating is very intimate. Patio seating is a very scenic atmosphere. You can't go wrong with either.Whenever I'm at a French restaurant, ordering escargot for hor'dourves is a must. Be sure to try their Shellfish platter. At $44 for a whole lobster, four oysters, and four shrimp with amazing sauces, this platter is too good to be true. The specials are also amazing. Two words: Duck meringe. A glass of wine from the cart goes well with your meal.
4	At conference in Vegas and had breakfast here..Absolutely delicious egg whites and the bread to die for! Telling all my friends about it.
5	Using Yelp, we chose Mon Ami based on the ratings/price. I cannot even put into words what an amazing meal and experience we had. They knew that we had just been married in Vegas 48 hours before and treated us like VIPs. Definitely not required but was so nice.We had champagne and dessert on the house but ordered the onion soup, steak with bleu cheese and the seafood platter to share. Nothing short of amazing. The ambiance makes you truly feel like you're in France- staring at the Bellagio fountains was the icing on the cake. Definitely make a reservation as it is QUITE popular.Worth every penny.
5	Stopped off in Las Vegas on our road trip to TX.  My fiance made a dinner reservation for our anniversary.  It would've been nice to sit outside in the patio which has a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately, the wait for outside was like an hour or more.  I wonder if you can request an outside table while making a reservation.  Maybe we'll try that next time.Ok, let's get to the food.  They serve a delicious crusty french baguette with butter at your table once you are seated.  We didn't order any appetizers because we wanted to fill up on the main course - STEAK!  I ordered the Steak Bearnaise and my fiance ordered the Steak Bourdelaise.  The bearnaise sauce was nice, smooth, and creamy and tasted soooo good together with the steak.  The bourdelaise was a delicious red wine sauce with caramelized onions.  Both steaks were served with their hand-cut fries.  Their fries are unique in the way they're cut.  They're flat and wide and fried nice and crispy.  This is one of our favorite restaurants and will definitely make this a place to come to every time we're in Vegas.
5	One of the best places for dinner on the strip! My friends and I ate dinner on the Patio. The view of the strip as well as the Bellagio's Fountains in the background was great. As for price, it ran us about $350.00 for 5 people to have a full 3 course dinner with wine. We had not seen each other so we spent well over two hours talking and socializing during our dinner. This was one of the best evenings we all spent together in Las Vegas. It is a lot of food, but take your time and have the soup, main course, and desert. Desert is hard to order when your full, but it is absolutely amazing here!The wait staff did a great job taking care of us. We were never once interrupted and even with a busy place they took their time with us explaining everything as well as giving us the felling there was no hurry take your time. The most amazing thing, was that we thought our waitress did such a good job we tipped her very well. She came running after us to make sure that we understood that we had given a large trip. After we explained that yes we did that intentionally she thanked us and wished us a good night.
4	Still one of my favorite more casual dining spots in Vegas. While not quite "casual" no suit and tie is needed. Reservations definitely are however. Luckily we had them on a Saturday night as the line was long for hours. The host's were great and very accommodating. The food was as good as I remember-I had scallops to start and roquefort steak for my entree. Others at the table enjoyed french onion soup, mac and cheese, salmon, and steak classique. All were delicious. I wish I had room for dessert. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars i because of service. The service wasn't bad, just not what I'm used to here. Go for a nice meal that won't break the bank, you won't be disappointed.
5	I love love love this fancy little French bistro. I've sat inside before which has a nice, dimly-lit, and intimate atmosphere when you don't mind a little bit of surrounding noise from other tables. The best seating though is on the patio where you get a nice view of the Bellagio fountains and just a splendid ambiance overall. The bread basket is delicious. I think the bread they serve is one of the most important determining factors as to whether or not you will get a great meal. I have tried the Escargots de bourgogne. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about it, but it was actually really good! It was seasoned with garlic-herb butter. For dinner I had the Steak au poivre. It was nothing less than amazing. To pair with dinner I ordered their french sangria, known as "Frangria" which is absolutely divine. I wasn't able to try out their dessert so that is something I'll have to look into on my next visit. I am also really looking forward to trying out their breakfast meals after hearing great things about it. It is a good spot to take friends and also have a nice romantic dinner out with your significant other.
5	I liked this place so much we ate here twice! We went for lunch one day, and had to come back for breakfast the next! We ordered the croque monsieur for lunch. It was very good, and for only $12 it was well worth it! The frites were thin and crispy and highly addictive. For breakfast my boyfriend and I shared the blueberry french toast, and the pineapple waffles. Both were amazing! sweet, and very filling. They also have a make your own bloody mary bar wich was well worth the $11! I would highly recommend eating here, I know I will be back next time I go to vegas.
5	We went here twice for breakfast. Had the Bananas foster waffles with fresh whipped cream, they were amazing!! Perfect seat out side on the terrace.
5	I've been here so many times I can't remember. You honestly can't go wrong for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! Yes I've tried them all! The food is fantastic, the service is great, ambiance is very French-like, and the view of the Bellagio fountains is wonderful! Oh and the price is very reasonable!
5	OMG...I was looking for a place to take my son for his 21st birthday. I wanted a very nice dinner that wouldnt break the bank. Mon Ami Gabi exceeded my expectations! Dinner for 5 for $204...tax and tip included! The filet mignon was the best any of us have had. The Sea scallops were huge and perfectly cooked. Even the escargot was prepared well. The service was fantastic and they even included a free birthday dessert for my son! I will be back for more on my next trip!
3	I came here on Sunday with my sisters and well lets just say if I think French, I think really good savory crepes. Well to my surprise it wasn't that great. There wasn't much of a selection to begin with. So I settled with the chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe. First bite I thought it was me thinking it was so salty. Comes to find out it was just the broccoli that is seasoned to salty. We also order the tuna melt sandwich. I don't know about you but when I order a tuna sandwich anything I expect it not to be fishy. I'm sorry I have to say was way too fishy for my liking. It was so bad the waiter notice we were not fond of it and took it off our bill. So she made up for the lack of not being so attentive with refilling our drinking or bring out more bread. But the thing that was good was the hand cut fries. Very thin and crispy just like potato chips  also the one thing that I did love besides the fries was there special! The Shaved Beef and Brie Sandwich with Sun-Dried Tomato Aioli. This was to die for! It was the perfect amount to have so you can last until dinner time. It doesn't sit heavy when you are done either which is a plus on my book. I would come back to mon ami gabi just for that. If we didn't order that I would never step foot back here.Also a little side note, for some reason the hosts are not so friendly. Waiters inside are a little better. When the host took us inside to get seated I had on high boots so I have to walk slow cause of the tile floors they have are a little slippery. One of the waiter push be faster to walk cause she forgot someone order making me almost trip... Just saying don't wear heels here ladies.
4	Good quality filet mignon at a typical price. Service was okay. Steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare. This place is really busy and kind of loud, but that is to be expected.
4	I came here with a reservation for 6 and luckily got seated on the balcony, right in front of the Bellagio fountains, which made the show great.Dinner was good - I got the Steak Bernaise and enjoyed the sauce. It was a really thin slice of steak though, so even though I asked for it "medium," it probably came out well.One of my dinner companions got the Vegetable Pot Au Feu (after a 3-hour meat fest at one of the buffets, he wanted a little vegetables) - it was a good flavored dish and a nice mix of cauliflower, carrots, brussell sprouts, and other veggies. However, the veggies were a little on the limp side. Another dinner companion got the Slow Braised Lamb Shank. A huge piece of lamb on a stick came out - you definitely got what you paid for.. It was delicious - lamb was perfectly cooked and the flavors were intense.
5	This place is AWESOME. Totally, totally awesome.Came here for brunch on a random weekday and there wasn't much of a line for the indoor seating (I had a reservation but I didn't need it) but naturally there was a waitlist for the patio. I opted for the indoor seating, resigning myself to a darkened room on a nice spring day, but their indoor dining area is actually open to the patio - so it's like you're sitting on the patio anyway, just with less of a breeze ruffling your napkins and stuffs.On to the food. VERY fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced (~$11-20 a plate? with a LOT of food on that plate) (go figure, for a Vegas fixture). Brunch is definitely the best meal to have here - they have a whole selection of yummy egg choices, omelettes and Eggs Benedict, but they have equally delicious waffles, savory choices, and even healthier options like oatmeal or egg white omelettes. I got the turkey egg white omelette with avocado (feeling guilty from indulging in M Resort's buffet the day before) and it hit the spot just right. I'm definitely coming back here!
5	I was surprised at how good the food was here. I wasn't expecting it to be so good. Prices really aren't to bad at lunch time either. Try the lobster roll its amazing and light yet filling.
5	We were able to get a seat on the patio right away on winter Sat night. The heat lamp was good, though we got cold from time to time from the breeze. The server was excellent, and so was the food. We got the chicken liver mousse, which was good. The Filet Mignon was good as well, but our favorite was the Skate Wing, which was excellent! It melts in your mouth and has great flavor!
5	The first time I went to Mon Ami Gabi was New Years' Eve and it was fantastic! They were offering a 5-course dinner which included several things (which I cannot even remember now), but I do remember everything that was on my plate was delicious. They constantly bring out a fresh baked French bread with butter and that's more addicting than nicotine or alcohol. I ordered the peppered New York steak and oh man was that beautiful! They bring the frites with it too and the entire meal is just awesome... The next time I went was a few months ago, my friend and I were walking on the strip and wanted lunch and we came across Mon Ami Gabi... I had been there before but didn't know they had a lunch menu. When I looked at it, it was very reasonable and the options were impressive. My friend and iI both ordered burgers, which came with the frites and we both enjoyed it thoroughly. Our waiter messed up my friend's order, but quickly fixed it in a matter of 5 minutes and never charged us for the error he had made. I definitely recommend this to people who are in Vegas and want a fair-priced lunch or a steak dinner with an impeccable view of the Las Vegas Strip.
4	Really great breakfast item selection and I love sitting on the patio watching the Bellagio fountains.  I've also enjoyed a nice steak dinner here, but found the absolute value proposition to be a little questionable. I'm not a big fan of Paris, but I have no problem coming this way to a great breakfast occasionally.  I recommend the Benedict.
2	Nice location, great ambiance. My partner and I ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot, both medium-well. Server suggests to get them "butterflied" so it cooks all the way through. That didn't work out so well. My steak was WELL DONE and my partner's was well done on one side and the other medium-well. My teeth hurt after attempting to chew the steak. So disappointing. Frites were only "okay", however, the side of garlic spinach we ordered were pretty good. Our server only came back once to ask if I wanted more iced tea. Didn't ask how the food was or anything. He also took a LONG TIME to give us our check. We literally just sat there for 10 minutes waiting to pay for our overcooked dinner. This place is overrated in my opinion. Will never come back again. Staff wasn't too friendly either. Should've made a reservation at Gordon Ramsay Steak instead.
5	Wow. Amazing Service. I came for my birthday with a party of 13 and they got one of my friend's orders wrong. Not only did they take his meal off the tab, they gave him a free appetizer to munch on while he waited. So considerate. I wish more restaurants would treat their guests this way. Everyone enjoyed their meals and the group consensus was that this was a great place. I highly recommend it.
5	Great service, great views, and great food.  We had a carafe of the Frangria, which was delicious husband had the chicken brie sandwich that was delicious, and I had the Pate and salad which were both great. Highly recommend it.
5	We ate here for breakfast and we loved it so much, we had to go back!  Everything was amazing and waitstaff was super friendly and helpful.  I don't understand the bad reviews at all!  Baguette with nutella was delicious, special benedict was delicious, and french toast with blueberry compote was amazing.
4	My favorite French restaurant in Vegas (: I think lunch menu is much better than the dinner. If you go, try getting the steak sandwich they have and get it with the fries. Great service, friendly staff up front. Definitely recommending this to everyone
5	Excellent food, great view, and service with a smile.  We always eat there for breakfast every visit to Vegas. This last visit, we ate there three days straight.  The pancakes (crepes) are as good as it gets and the chicken sausage is unbelievable.  Where else can you eat right on the strip, people watch, have a view of the Bellagio, eat excellent food, and be pampered by caring, knowledgeable staff?
5	Had an amazing last meal in Vegas here with 10 people. Had to place a reservation and then wait about 30-40 mins to get a patio seat, but WELL WORTH IT even during the daytime. I mean, just go get a drink at the Eiffel tower bar while you wait. Service was great, food was even better. For drinks I had a glass of their sparkling Rose and then a glass of the Frangria. The frangria as pleasantly NOT watered down or too fruity and also probably the cheapest drink on the menu :) For an appetizer I had a small portion of the mussels - delicious. I also tried someone else's baked goat cheese. AMAZING. Another person in our party got the duck confit and that too looked amazing. For my main dish I went with the lobster roll. Huge chunks of lobster and the most delicious, perfectly baked bun. Came with a little side salad and their fries are something else. I'm typically not a fries person, but their's are great. No ketchup or dipping sauce needed. A little pricey for lunch, but honestly everything in Vegas is pricey that's not fast food.
4	Good thing about this place is that they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. though, im not a French cuisine fan, but I think the food taste great. I ordered the steak with fries, and it was good. Mon ami has an outdoor seating area that is overlooking the majestic Bellagio water fountains.
4	- Great Service- Bread is warm, crisp outside, soft inside, and just amazing like in Paris- Wine is also amazing just like in Europe- Appetizers were really flavorful and deliciousTips:Make reservations! This place gets PACKED!Come around 6PM, and ask for an outside seat! You'll have dinner just in time for the music and water show in front of the Bellagio!Came here for my sister's bday dinner with a party of 5. Put in our reservations ahead of time, and still had to wait about a good 10 minutes (so I decided to play the slot machines outside and won $50! The wild safari animals one with big cats.)We were seated, and the waiters immediately brought water, bread and butter. it was so delicious, and the warm bread tasted just as fresh and as when I was in Paris. After putting in our orders, one of the waiters spilled a flask of water behind us and apologized! We didn't even care nor did the water splash on us. But within a few minutes, he brought an appetizer FREE of charge! :D Our waiter was also french! Or maybe he just pretended to have a french accent, but he was really on top of it, and made nice conversation on our meal, day, and Vegas trip. Appetizers Ordered: Escargot, scallops, and oysters! Oysters were really fresh with the lemon! Escargot also as excellent as when I ate them in Paris! Scallops were a little small, but still thoroughly enjoyable and delicious to eat.Wine: Ordered a merlot and it was excellent! Tasted so well with our dinner.Main Course: I ordered the salmon with rice. I thought it looked a little small to be honest, and the salmon a bit overcooked. But the rice was excellent, and salmon still pretty fresh and enjoyable. Not the most amazing salmon I've ever had, but it did its job.All while eating dinner, the Bellagio had its water show and the night was perfect! We also got a small birthday cake/ice cream for my sister and it was awesome blossom!
5	Amazing!!!!! Fantastic food and great service!! Love it here and will come back next time I'm visiting!
5	We really enjoyed this restaurant.  The location speaks for itself (directly across the street from the Bellagio fountains).  But the real surprise for me was the attentiveness of the service and the quality of the food.  We arrived a little late for our reservation and the hostesses went out of their way to accommodate us even though the restaurant was packed.  We got lucky and were given a prime table on the patio.  This is really the way to go if you plan to dine at the Mon Ami Gabi.  Keep in mind that they take reservations for the inside of the restaurant but not for the patio.  Most evenings you can expect to wait at least an hour and a half to get a table on the patio.  If you have time to kill (or get lucky like we did), this is well worth it.  It's like dining on a street corner in Paris with an incredible water show every 15 minutes.  If you want to stick w/ a reserved time, the interior decor is very refined w/ dark woods and classic French accents.Steak and frittes are the plat du jour and our meal was served hot, perfectly cooked and delicious.  The blue cheese version was mouth wateringly good.  Steak was pounded thin, but even so, our medium rare request was met.Our server was friendly and enthusiastic without being overbearing.  She made the experience even better.  Prices are surprisingly reasonable considering Vegas' notoriously inflated menu costs.Enjoy!
4	We met some folks by the pool at the Mirage who said this was one of their favorite places on the strip.  We've walked by it a million times and it's always crowded so we never stopped.  The people we met said to make reservations and it's a piece of cake to get in so we did and it was.  There was a huge crowd at the door but if you have a reservation there is a separate hostess stand and you just walk right up.  We were seated within a couple of minutes and really lucked out to have a table that was inside but we could see the fountain at the Bellagio.  Within minutes of being seated we were offered water and they brought a bagette of bread in a nice paper wrapping.  When you finish that you just crush up the wrapper and another loaf magically appears.  Then along comes our server who asks if we would like something to drink besides water.  Since I wanted wine, she rolls up this huge cart with probably 15 bottles to choose from, all French of course.  She let me taste several before I made my decision which was pretty cool.Hubby had a steak with frites, which are way different than our fries but really good.  I had scallops that came with a puree of some type of veggie, can't remember what, and roasted brussel sprouts.Would have given this five stars but we each ordered salads which were basically lettuce with nothing else and pricey at that.  Sorry we didn't have room for dessert but plan on going back for breakfast next time.
5	Wow!  That's all I have to say about their steak and frites.  My wife and I ate breakfast there, but it's probably really awesome at night because it has a direct view of the Bellagio water/light show.  Might need a reservation if you want it at night though because they looked packed.
5	If I could give Mon Ami Gabi ten stars here, I would. I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. We chose them as the venue for our wedding reception. We booked the Private Dining Room, which can hold up to 30 people (though I would cap it at 24 as they suggest).  Here are the reasons we rate Mon Ami so highly:- Impeccable customer service from management - We worked with Drew to arrange our reception and Chris oversaw our event on the actual night of our wedding. From seating plan, to food allergy accommodations to media (LCD projector and screen) to every other detail...they worked with us and were proactive to make sure we did not have to change any of our desired reception plans.  They fully accommodated us with all the friendliness and sincerity that we have a good wedding.- Impeccable customer service from the wait staff - Elizabeth and Jonathan were the servers assigned to our reception of 22 people. Mon Ami Gabi also assigned a busser. You could tell the staff enjoyed their work. They were so pleasant and fun. They met and on so many occasions surpassed our every need during our wedding reception.  For example, they cut and boxed slices of wedding cake for our guests to take back to their rooms and even helped us pack items that came home with us. It was just so easy to work with them and a real pleasure. We tipped them far above the mandatory 20% gratuity.- Phenomenal food. Large portions. Our guests raved.- Beautiful views from the Private Dining Room.- Audio control. Music filters throughout the restaurant, but the staff was able to turn down the speakers directly above our room.With 22 guests and the staff circulating and a screen set up, the room was a bit cramped. Also, the room was warm and unfortunately, the casino regulates the temperature not Mon Ami Gabi, But was still had the perfect reception.  I have no regrets, just so happy with the experience Mon Ami Gabi provided for our wedding.
2	It's not terrible, but for the price and the reviews i thought it should have been a lot better! The French onion soup was so salty!! I had to ask for more baguettes to even try and finish it.It was cool to try some escargots though. I hate the seating policy of how everyone has to be there in order to be seated. It's unnecessary when the entire restaurant is empty.
3	This is a cute little place located in Paris. You definitely want to take advantage sitting in the patio on a nice, sunny day. It might be a little wait though. We had to wait around 30 minutes. Totally worth it.The food here is typically priced from around $10-25. I ordered the french onion soup. It was a decent size. My soup had a nice cheesy crust over the top. And they were definitely generous with the cheese. Cheese = happiness. I like that bit a lot. The bread that was under the cheese was a bit too oversaturated with the soup and mushy. It's a personal preference kind of thing, but i really do not like mushy, slimy things. Overall the soup was decent, a bit pricey for a French Onion Soup though, $10. For $10 it could have been better. My friend got steak au poivre. I think she ordered it rare, but when I taste tested her food, it seemed more medium rare to medium. I thought the meat was on the tough side. But my friend had no complaints. She moreso loved the flavor of the meat and sauce. The steak was huge too. So i guess she did get her money's worth for a dish that cost $25.95. Another friend i was with got the Big Skinny lemon pancakes, or something of the sort. They were thin pancakes, a bit thicker than crepes, slathered with lemon butter and syrup (i think). I had a small bite. It was pretty good. My friend seemed to like it just fine. He still ate all of it despite this being his second meal in the morning. Overall, I think this is a cute place to stop buy and have a nice brunch on a pretty, sunny day with friends. The food was okay, in my taste. I wouldn't go so far as to say it was an unforgettable experience. I was not wowwed or anything but It was cute! if sitting on the patio under the sun is your thang, then do your thang at Mon Ami Gabi.
3	You really need to be into old world wines (it is a french restaurant).  If you can score a patio table on a nice day, you're stoked.  5 star people watching, 3 star food and the wine list is lopsided.  Honestly, grab a bunch of oysters and chilled seafood with a bottle of sancerre.
4	We had a great seat just inside the patio, so we had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains during dinner!  Well worth it and we will definitely go back again.
4	So I finally got to try this place out today.Came here with the boyfriend around noon. We started off with the duck. 5 stars. The meat was so delicious and tender. It fell right off the bone. Neither one of us are a cherry fan, but we liked the cherries that came with this appetizer.For the entree, I had the classic steak and fries. The fries were very thin and crisp, almost like fry chips. I enjoyed these a lot. I ordered my steak medium, but it wasn't pink at all. However, still tender. The steak, in my opinion, was just okay. I would not pay $25 for it again. My boyfriend ordered the patty melt. He likes almost everything in the world, but did not enjoy this meal at all. The party melt came with a thousand island dressing, which he hates. I can't recall if it said this on the menu....The bread that they serve is just like in France. It was warm and crisp, even the butter was delicious.The service was very good, our server's name was Katherin. Our waters were constantly being filled.I loved the environment. It was super windy today so we sat inside near a window, right by the bar.I would come back, but next time I would like to try breakfast.
4	The steak with the peppercorn sauce was really good! Expect an expensive meal, but that's pretty standard for Vegas. They were out of a few things as we were there during one of many conventions, so we missed out on the bread pudding. But the scallop appetizer was tasty (if small), and the chocolate tart was delicious! I'd definitely go back for the steak - it was yummy!
5	Saturday morning brunch was awesome. We didn't have a reservation (wandered down in the 9 am hour) and waited just minutes to get a table outside.I totally recommend waiting for a table outside. The view of the Bellagio is gorgeous and people watching is prime.I had the ham and cheese omelet. It was light and fluffy and flavorful. The hash browns were cooked perfectly. The toast crunchy and jam just right. I had some iced tea and a mimosa. I'd say the mimosa was 98% champagne with a splash of OJ.Mom had fabulous looking waffles with fresh fruit and whipped cream. She ate every bite and raved over the coffee.
5	Heading to Vegas next week and decided to check up on their hours so I can make reservations but it came to my attention that they no longer sell the braised beef eggs benedict?! I guess normal eggs benedict with Canadian bacom will do but I really hope that I'm wrong! Anyway, aside from the eggs benedict, the breakfast potatoes here are goooooood. The best potatoes I've had and I love potatoes. Heck, I might just order breakfast potatoes next week (I'm kidding only.... or am I?). Steak frites are also good (that's what my boyfriend ordered). Definitely would recommend eating here. Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite restaurant for brunch in Sin City. Sit outside and enjoy the hot blazing Nevada sun and people watch. Although I only ate brunch here, I'm sure lunch and dinner is just as tasty; probably even better.
5	We went to Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas in November 2011. Everything was lovely. My husband had a steak and frites. I tried it and yum!  It was so good! I can't remember which steak he ordered, but it was excellent. I had the salmon and spinach salad. Also very good!  We sat on the patio and it was very pleasant.  The service was good, the food excellent, prices were really not bad for the ambience and quality of the food in combination with the kind staff. We had drinks. We also had dessert, which was quite rich!  Chocolate mousse as well as the profiteroles. What a lot of food!  We enjoyed our desserts with Gabi's house blend coffee. Overall a great experience and I can't wait to go back!
5	Good food and great view of the fountains from the Bellagio. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and made very good recommendations.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a great place for breakfast or brunch.  Make reservations on opentable.com for weekends.  (However, you can't make reservations on opentable for the outdoor patio).  The outdoor patio has a great view of the Bellagio fountains right across the street.  The eggs benedict was perfect.  The real winner was the hash browns that had some cheesy goodness mixed in.
4	One of the better restaurants in Vegas. I go specifically for the Chicken and Brie sandwich which is amazing, with caramelized onions. The service is always great, servers are friendly and prompt. I recommend Patio seating if it's not too hot or too cold, for a view of the strip and people watching.
4	Awesome food along the strip.   The atmosphere is loud and the lighting is dark but we didn't mind.
5	I'm usually skeptical of anything French and anything bistro, but this place rekindled my hope for both these things. Duck confit, filet mignon, chocolate mousse was all excellent. What topped it off was the efficient service. Got in, got out in an hour!
4	Wow i had the trout and it's probably the best I've ever had - simply delicious.  It was well seasoned with a slightly crunchy outside and a moist inside.  Mmmmm!  Friend had the lobster roll which he said was very good.  We shared an escargot but neither of us found it impressive compared to others we've had.  The salads were very good.  Did i mention the trout?  Mmmmmmmmmm.
4	Evocative of a sidewalk cafe in gay Paree, but with that Vegas vibe. Wandered in for a late breakfast. Was able to watch the Bellagio fountain show as well as the strip denizens slipping on by. Food was above average. Wait staff attentive. I'd go back to this place.
5	The service was great! I made reservations and as soon as We arived they had a table for us. Great food and nicely mannered personal. I will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas!
4	It was good I like the outside
4	I have been here for Dinner on a Sunday night with my girl friend. I must say it's a damn good place for romantic dinners..the ambiance is quite classy and beautiful..the waiters were very friendly......the french onion soup and the scallops entree were good...........the only minimal complaint i have is it's a bit pricey...........we finished off with a White Chocolate Bread pudding dessert which topped all the items of our dinner....I sure recommend this place for romantic dinners at least :)
5	It was awesome!! filet mignon was incredible.
5	OMG this place was delicious!!!! The french onion soup...to die for!!The bread they serve before dinner...warm, soft, deliciousness!!The scallop dish was ok. The brussels sprouts were delicious!!! The banana's foster dessert, and lemon sorbet were both OUT OF THIS WORLD.The customer service was wonderful!! This place was great! I will definitely be back!!
5	I wish it was my anniversary everyday. My boyfriend and I visited Mon Ami Gabi to celebrate our two year anniversary. His sister-in-law used to continually rave about this place and after months of waiting, we decided that our anniversary would the perfect date. I don't know why but for some reason, we decided not to make reservations. Foolish, foolish idea. You most definitely should make a reservation. We waited for about 40 minutes and finally got seated in a table made for two. Seeing that my boyfriend is a 6'2", 200lb man, let's just say that the table was just a bit on the tiny side.We were greeted by a curly haired waitress-- she was terrific! She first started us off with some bread and butter to accompany my glass of Merlot and my boyfriend's glass of Cotes du Rhone. I know that he enjoyed his wine but it definitely didn't compare to the most smooth and soft bodied Merlot I have ever tasted. Mmmm, soooo good!We went on to order the warm brie cheese as our appetizer. Oh this is so very, very good. I'm not a huge cheese fan but I decided to order this for my cheese-loving man. Good thing because I couldn't stop my hands from reaching for the platter! The croutons gave such a nice crunch and the slightest bit of saltiness to contrast the soft and gooey, sweet honey-covered cheese. I swear I think this is the only appetizer we'll ever order here!For the main, my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon au poivre and I ordered the filet mignon merlot. Both of our steaks were cooked to perfection, juicy and well seasoned. However, we both agreed that t the end of the day, mine was much more flavorful due to the merlot reduction. Either way, we definitely enjoyed our steaks. We also ordered a side of sauteed mushrooms and it went well with our steak, although it had too much black pepper for our taste.With the help of many hours of Masterchef Australia, I became familiar with different types of french desserts and was extremely excited to order profiteroles... until I saw the chocolate fudge cake with homemade caramel ice cream, that is. We ended up ordering the chocolate cake which was beyond incredible. Then, our kick ass waitress sensed much hesitation from me and brought out some profiteroles--on the house! Score! :D Needless to say, it was phenomenal. Obviously, my overall experience was absolutely superb, and I definitely recommend this place for people who are celebrating a wonderful occasion. Just brace yourself- you're gonna want some more real soon!
4	A friend who lives in Henderson recommended this place and after checking other Yelp reviews we decided to give it a try. Located inside Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino, just go inside and hang a left. Myself and two friends dined here for lunch on Sunday 7-April. Most things on the menu looked appetizing and of course Steak Frites is classic French so you can't go wrong there. I had the Prime Steak Sandwich which I enjoyed very much. It came with a side that was a cross between potato chips and french fries. A much lighter option to fries and still tasty. I did try the Steak Frites as a friend ordered it. I would not hesitate to order that item. It was cooked perfectly as was the steak for my sandwich. I washed it  all down with a classic French Beer - Kronenbourg 1664. They of course have a full bar and a fairly extensive wine menu. The wait staff had name tags but the only thing listed was a number which I found odd. Staff-wise they were all friendly and accommodating. Outside seating seems to be a hot commodity but we wanted to sit inside anyway since it was a little warm out there. One oddity was the lack of crepe options. I would have expected a fairly extensive crepe menu for both savory and sweet crepes. I mean, it's all just toppings really. A crepe is a crepe so to limit what your kitchen staff can put inside said crepe seems odd, especially for a French restaurant. Overall it was a great lunch and we would all eat there again. If you are thinking about it, give it a shot.
5	Considering it's not located in Paris but in Hotel Paris, I wasn't sure what to expect going to dinner at this restaurant. The one plus is if you are willing to wait hour for an outdoor table, you will also be able to enjoy the Bellagio water show which is across the strip.The food was just perfect, had the escargot and a steak friet that were cooked just right. On the wine front, well there is everything any wine snob would enjoy. Since I am not one who like to wait, made reservations for the inside dining room and asked the server if we could move out to the deck for desert. It worked out perfectly as it was slowing down by the time we got to the desert and tables opened up outside.Service was fenomenal, server very knowledgable and accommodating. I will definitely return to Mon Ami Gabi in the future.
4	Very good eating experience and excellent service. Definitely a place where to go back when out dining in Vegas.
5	WOW....This place is definitely worth eating at and definitely worth all 5 stars!!!! First of all ,make reservations its a  busy restaurant. This place is super cute and a cozy gem that feels like your in Paris......The bread and butter they bring in the beginning was SO good. My Fiance and I tried the "BAKED GOAT CHEESE" as an appetizer....OMGGG IT WAS BEYOND AMAZING!!!! MUST TRY!!!!..Then we had the Filet Mignon and steak, Both were definitely tasty and delicious. So we both loved this place and if your thinking of trying this place out, definitely go for it,Totally worth it!!!!!!:)
1	I think this place get so many reviews and big rating because of only one thing - location. You cannot miss it because it's exactly in the middle of the main street. But I do not see any reason to visit this restaurant.First of all, there is always a huge waiting list. They give you pager, recommend to walk around and arrive as soon as pager beeps (30-60 min waiting). We arrived and even after that had to wait a long time near doors to get in. Finally we decided to leave.Next day we tried again. We were seated. And, truly speaking, nothing special in their food. Nothing exiting, nothing interesting, even nothing tasty and worth waiting. Also, seating outside is quite good except one thing - there are manholes on the street and smell from them do not promote good appetite. And place is very crowded, of course - no romantic mood at all.There are many places in other hotels that are not so crowded even in the hot hours. Just do not try to find them in Paris-Paris hotel, go further, to Venetian, for example.
5	Great value for the price (I'd say, great value even for the higher price!)Great location, great view, especially from the patio..Service is super quick, servers are polite and seems like they really try to get what you want and need at the moment.. To our surprise, our waitress was French, that was really great considering that you are sitting under the Eiffel towel (and it doesn't matter that it's fake, atmosphere is still great)Place is super busy, expect 30-60 minutes waiting time for the dinner for inside seating and 1-2 hours wait time for patio seating (with Bellagio fountains view).. They ONLY accept reservations for inside seating, so if you want to enjoy the view, enjoy anticipation as well!That place will definitely on our 'Must dine in Vegas' list!
2	Just o.k. to me. The two best things about it are 1) The view, and 2) the french fries.
1	This used to be my favorite but now has lost its lovin feeling. Slow service rude waiters. View is still good. Not worth the wait and very cramped with tables. Only a few inches from may table to the next. Staff appears not to care anymore. This place is off my list. Too many other great restaurants in town.
1	I guess people come here to eat outside and view the Bellagio Fountains across the way. Maybe we had an off-night... but the food was terrible, tasteless and tough meats. Service was OK.. atmosphere very good.. but food, yuk and expensive. The French onion soup (which you would think would be good in a French Restaurant) was so salty we could barely eat it and it was mostly bread, and not the good kind...ugh.
4	always good and delicous.  Love the outside sitting to watch the belagio water show while enjoying my meal..  Love the skirt steak and fries!
3	Fabulous service and location.  The menu is somewhat limited if you try to stick to a low-fat diet.   The portions are on the small side and the prices are high.I've eaten at Mon Ami Gabi twice- once for lunch and once for dinner.  I would probably choose another restaurant on my next Strip visit.   There are many fabulous restaurants nearby that are a much better value for the money.
5	If you don't give this place 5 stars, then you don't have tastebuds. The people who score this place low is b/c of the wait. WELL BOO-HOO... I hate waiting too. But this place offers AFFORDABLE DELICIOUS french cuisine in the most adorable little French setting and includes a gorgeous shaded patio facing the strip, so You d@mn-well better expect there's gonna be a wait.I had breakfast here and it was the best breakfast I had during my entire trip to Vegas. The breakfast buffet (MGM) I went to another day was crap. Why spend $30+ on scrambled eggs when you can spend half that price on QUALITY cuisine - not average food slurry. House-baked English muffins and baquettes, artfully prepared eggs; extremely well prepared.The atmosphere is just awesome. The patio is shaded with big umbrellas, it's facing the strip so it makes for perfect people-watching, AND it's facing the Bellagio fountains. For us, it was the best patio on the strip. Period.  The inside looks like a French cafe and is super cute, but my boyfriend loves to people watch, and this is one of the best places on the strip to do that.TIP:  You don't want to wait, be there BEFORE 9:30am. We arrived at 10 on Saturday and waited 30 minutes to get on the patio but it was totally worth it. There was no wait if you were willing to eat inside. When I come back to Vegas, this WILL be on the TOP list of places to eat at.
5	We had an amazing breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi....so good that there was no question we would return for breakfast again the next morning! I used the Open Table app on my phone to make reservations and it was easy to alter them if we woke up earlier or later in the morning. I do recommend reservations or going before 9am to avoid a wait. Sitting outside is great, but there are also lots of seats on the patio where you are still basically outside. The inside decor is a little dark so it would be fine for evening dining, but not ideal for breakfast. There is no wait for breakfast inside though so if I was hungry, I'd go for it!I had the scrambled egg platter both mornings. Eggs cooked perfectly, shredded hash browns, and toasted thick bread. One morning I had bacon, which was the thickest cut bacon ever and was delicious. The other day I opted for sausage, which was great too. My husband had the Quiche Lorraine and an omelet on our second trip and was very happy with his meals too. Service was excellent from the hostess to the manager, servers, etc. Everyone was incredibly friendly. The coffee mugs were tiny, which concerned me, but our mugs were literally refilled every few minutes....it was amazing! I felt the prices were reasonable for Vegas and for the two of us we paid $30-$40 total. If we had been in Vegas longer, I would have loved to try their lunch or dinner.
5	During my recent to trip to Vegas I knew we were going to hit this joint up again because it was sooooo delicious last time we were in town, so why not? Right?Since I gave up mean for Lent (yes, I am a confirmed Catholic) I didn't have too many other choices. I settled for the Egg White Omelette. The omelette is just that, an omelette. So it was good. It comes with a roasted tomato that I cut up & it complimented the omelette & gave it more flavor. Their hash browns weren't too greasy which is sorta hard to come by. It came with a side of toast as well. Even during busy lunch time & no reservations made, we were ableto get seated in less than 10 mins. Pretty impressive.All in all, that entree was actually so good that I decided to order it when we had breakfast before leaving Vegas :) I totally recommend it.
5	Visited twice, most recent was in January and great service, great atmosphere, since I love to try new things in Vegas we got the escargot (yes,my first time) and was surprised how good they were! Dish came to our table in this cool little escargot-holder dish, with an amazing herb butter marinade that would have made anything taste great: we dipped our fresh baked bread in that sauce til we needed a second loaf. I had the salmon there previously and it was great also. When the weather is good try the patio and a bottle of wine, the people walking by are a show that never gets old !
4	Good food that includes a killer patio right on the strip.
5	Great steak that went very well with the wine pairings. I had the French Onion soup and it was just the best onion soup I've had.The staff are friendly and knowledgeable. I'm definitely coming back here again in the future.
1	Sat at bar for about 10 minutes and the bartender never even once looked in my direction to acknowledge me.
1	I believe these 5 star reviews are written by food newbies, sorry, but this place is disneyland.  Their "famous" steaks w/ various french sauces are all top sirloin, pounded out very thin.  It's mealy (as all top sirloin is) and tastes mushy and bored.  Slathering it a *rendition* of a french sauce helps only slightly.They have this beautiful wine cellar and then a totally worthless wine list.  And the good bottles on the list: "Oh sorry, we're out of that one". This gets me to service.  The staff is NOT trained in fine dining of any sort, and while I know this is not Robuchon, they are missing basic stuff.  They are not attentive, forgetful, and have little knowledge about either the food or wine.  I eventually asked if they had a Somm, she said "no but the manager was trained in somm".  I'm being fussy at this point but c'mon, you're at a french restaurant and your waiters are saying things like so and so is "trained in somm".Also, when waiter got vibe we were less than impressed she avoided us, flat out.  I just wanted my check so I could cut hokey pokey wannabe french restaurant their cut and bounce. On the other hand, the table next to us from Nebraska was just raving about everything that hit their plate.  They were 25 and drunk, aka, the target market at Mon Ami.
4	The view was amazing!  I would come here again just because of location and the great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Service was great too.  After we started eating, our table had to be slightly shifted to make room for a wheelchair.  So the manager came to us, apologized, and moved the table by a few inches and then offered to give us free desserts.The food on the other hand was so-so, yet surprisingly filling.  Overall I would recommend this place, people definitely come here for the experience.
4	I had dinner here with my two girlfriends and were serendipitously given a table with a view of the Bellagio fountain show. Atmosphere was absolute perfection and very romantic. There is quite a bit of a wait (approx 20 mins) even with a reservation so it can be a bit frustrating at first. However, once you are seated, the staff is wonderfully efficient and serve you freshly baked French bread (very tasty) and butter with shredded carrot appetizer (on the house) before you can bat an eyelash. Our entrees were served to us within 5-10 minutes of ordering. Amazing! I ordered the Steak Au Poivre, which is with the black peppercorn sauce. It was cooked to a perfect medium and tasted delicious. Entrees typically come with a mound of thin French fries. We shared a bread pudding, which I cannot remember due to the overconsumption of Sangria that night. But I remember that it was tasty and served a la mode. My most salient memory of this place---they have STRONG sangrias. Order them if you want a nice glow during dinner. Overall, I really liked this little cafe. It's a bit different from my usual, which is just your average mom and pop hole-in-the-wall shop. But I found it to be nice without being overly pretentious. Tips: Make a reservation because this place is veryyy popular and packed with people on the weekend.
5	Love love love this place food and service is amazing - get a lettuce card if you dine often for points also good st the Eiffel tower.
5	Best Grilled Sea Scallop I had ever. Best service ever too. One waiter or waitress only takes care of four or five talbes and they will chat with you like old friends.
4	One of my all time favorite places to eat dinner.  Great food and great service for a reasonable price, considering you are on The Strip in big LV.  I always have the Ribeye steak with papas and it has never disappointed. Outstanding Martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives. The wait can be a bit long, but considering all you get, including an exciting, up tempo atmosphere, it is worth it. I
5	Great atmosphere! It does feel authentically French. The food is fantastic as well, as is the service. One of my must-do restaurants in Vegas. It can get busy though and you HAVE to reserve for a weekend table.They also have a dedicated gluten-free menu, which is the icing on the cake for me. And so you don't feel left out when dining with your wheat-eating friends, they even bring you your own gluten-free bread and amuse-bouche!More on gluten free in Las Vegas:https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/
2	Had lunch there today.Seemed like an assembly line when I showed up at the front desk - although there were at least 5 staff standing there and 1 guest in front of me, I wasn't greeted until the woman in front of me was seated. I was told they would give me a window seat, though I did not end up next to a window... ? I was in the patio. The temperature was perfect.As my server asked for my drink order, I picked up the drink menu but was immediately blocked by a pitcher of water. An assistant had reached over me to fill my water glass. I think he could've waited a few min!When I'm finally able to look at the menu I hear a "thunk." Oh, a loaf of bread has just landed on my table!I had a frangria, which was good.I had the French onion soup which everyone raves about - it was very good. A large quantity! I actually did not finish it.And I had the au poivre burger, which was cooked to my preference, but a little too salty (they sprinkled large grain salt on the slice of tomato and, it seems, the rest of the plate).I barely touched the fries that came with my burger - they were mostly chewey! And a few were hard as rocks! Not sure what all the raves about there.Overall, the food was alright, but it was such an odd dining experience. Many of the staff looked upset/grumpy (like the people who delivered my food). Wasn't what I expected from reading all the Yelp reviews.
4	This is one of my mainstay spots, when the sun is out and I want to feel like I have gone out on the town, off I go to Mon Ami Gabi. It really is a combination of the ambiance and the food, how can you go wrong when you are sitting outside, enjoying french food, faced with the spectacular performance of the Bellagio fountains, topped with the shockingly, in-your-face exposure of the best people watching in Las Vegas. I love it! Having worked in the fashion business for years, largely based in New York, I am thoroughly convinced that the true pleasures of Vegas demands that every man and women dig deep into their closet and find that outfit that screams 'take me to Vegas', chosen completely for our entertainment.  Keep in mind, you choose to go at a busy time and want to sit outside, as half the world does in the nice weather, you need to strategically pick that off moment or you will have a long wait. Everyone wants to sit outside. Ok, now lets address the food, it is excellent for the most part. I always seem to order the Steak and Frites Classic and it is delicious, however, my only pet peeve, which I always forget to mention, is that when I ask for the sauce on the side they bring it near frozen. I never get that, I think the obvious thing would be to serve it slightly heated rather then chilled. Well, they never fail to do it and if I can't get my ducks in order to  remember to point that out. By the way, the muscles are to die for. I also recommend that you sign up for their rewards program to earn points. It is worth it as we were just there the other day and I had a $40.00 credit, nice perk, It bought my wine.I have always had great table service with interesting waiters/waitresses and the busser's are on it. But, it is a hit-miss with the hostess stand. I have this frustration with those holding the 'first' position who cannot look me in the eye and giggle between each other. My experiences have often started with an unpleasant and often somewhat confused hostess. Unlike a tourist, I am a sure thing, as I know what is behind the door, but if I was a visitor there are many occasions where I would simply pass on the wait due to the rude, impersonal interaction with the host. Front desk aside, it is a fantastic spot and great food!!
5	Good food. But would rather try something new then go back.
5	Fresh croissants, bread and pastries. The french toast was good, not overwhelmingly sweet. Make reservations or else you will wait an hour. We liked it so much we went twice during our 4 day girls trip. Patio seating is a must, you get a good view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip. Good people watching. A must if you like good brunch.
5	My favorite spot for ANY meal (the brunch is awesome, the dinner is AMAZING, and so is everything in between) is Mon Ami Gabi! It truly is my favorite restaurant in Vegas, and that says a lot considering there are so many. I came here for a birthday dinner (and then back repeatedly) and was blown away every time- the Filet Merlot is melt in your mouth tender, and the merlot butter sauce was perfect with it! A few other things I have tried and loved:-The Frisee Salad with the poached egg on top- AMAZING!-Fresh oysters-Smoked Salmon-Corned beef hash-YUMAnd that is just to name a few. This is the best place for people watching while enjoying great, reasonably priced wine/food and having a fantastic meal. I will be back!
5	The staff is very friendly, the oysters are delicious, the shrimp are huge and flavorful. The lobster roll was overflowing with lobster. The champagne was cold and bubbly.  Overall had a great experience. Can't wait to come back
3	Food was average. I have eaten there before and was lucky to get a seat outside. Despite reservations this time, we were seated across from the door to the kitchen. So I watched waiters come in and out the entire evening. It was out last eve in Vegas and we were hoping to have a special evening but the close tables and placement were definitely a turn off. Sorry. Our waiter was friendly and helpful.
5	Love this place, especially if you manage to get a table on the patio with the Bellagio fountains view!!! A little pricey but it's totally worth it.
4	I went here with some business colleagues, and had a wonderful time. The food and wine were delicious, and the waiters were very attentive. Would love to come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to go and sit on the patio. It is always busy and you def. need a reservation. The steaks and fish are great. They have a nice wine selection.I have been here many times with big groups. The prime rib seems to be a group favorite. I personally love the fish. I think the prices are fair and it is a great tourist attraction.
3	I don't know if it was the munchies or what but the steak from this place was on point.  My experience here was good, my food was served fast and the waitress was constantly checking up on us.
5	I wish there were more stars to give.  The food is amazing.  I visited the Vegas location this past weekend and was highly impressed with the delicious food, from their orange juice to something as simple as bread.  I went two days in a row :-) I highly recomed the chicken crepe. I wish a Mon Ami restaurant will open in NY/NJ.
4	Location, location, location. A modestly priced steak dinner in one of the best location in Vegas. Wait until late afternoon when the sun sets behind the Bellagio. Request outside seating. You will be seated outside on The Strip, above the heads of people walking by, across from the Bellagio fountains. Incredible.... You'll have a wonderful experience.
4	We had a beautiful early dinner here on a Saturday night during our Girls' trip to Vegas.  The other ladies had previously been here, and while I have dined at the Eiffel Tower restaurant, I had never been to Mon Ami Gabi.  Who knew you could get such a good view of the Bellagio fountains without actually being at the Bellagio!Obviously you want to eat on the patio.  We made reservations through OpenTable for 4:45 and requested the patio, but then read that the patio is seated in a first come first serve basis, so you can't actually request it ahead of time.  Well luckily for us, they had a table for six, perfectly shaded by an umbrella and seated us just in time for a fountain show.  This place was packed!  Even so early on a Saturday!  We ordered a carafe of sangria for the table (lovely) and a St. Germain's cocktail carafe (also lovely, but good in smaller portions, so thank goodness there were six of us).  We also shared a goat cheese appetizer.  Not enough garlic bread comes with the order to sop up all the extra tomato sauce, but luckily their baguettes for the table are just as delicious and will be replenished if you ask.  The most impressive thing was the one of us was on a gluten-free diet, so not only did she get a special gluten-free menu, but they brought her gluten free bread!  Not bad.  The rest of us enjoyed our gluten-packed alternatives and the pickled carrots that came with it were something I'd never think to serve with bread and butter, but strangely worked.  For the entrees 2 of us got steak, 2 got fish, one got veggies, and one got chicken.  The portions are very plentiful, the sauces well-balanced, and the food was all fresh and warm.  I opted for the filet au poivre.  We were informed the filets were so tender we could cut them with a butter knife...which may explain why we didn't get steak knives.  While I do love fork-tender meat, i also sometimes appreciate a steak knife, even if I "don't need it".  I hit a little gristle at one point that was very hard to work through with just my regular table knife, but at that point it wasn't worth it to ask for the steak knife.  Other than that, the steak tasted wonderful, and it was cooked perfectly rare for my tastes.  My second gripe, though, was with the "fries" that came with it.  I love that they're innovative and these aren't just typical steak fries, but unfortunately they didn't float my boat.  They were very much a cross between fries and chips.  I'm not a fan of potato chips unless they're flavored or I have dip for them.  But when I'm eating a nice filet, I especially am not in the mood for potato chips.  Le sigh.  They weren't committed enough to either the fry or the chip lineage, so I was left disappointed.  Now I imagine for the rest of the dining public, they'd probably love a chip/fry hybrid.  Sadly, even a side of mayo to dip my fries in (it's so good!  and very belgian) didn't help much.  We were too stuffed for dessert, sadly, but in all the dining experience was lovely, and the food really was delicious (minus my personal vendetta against the "fries").  I would gladly go back, because you get a nice meal for a much more reasonable price than at many of the other fancy Vegas gourmet restaurants with an unbeatable view.
4	My friends and I went here as our last dinner in Vegas. It is just so pretty and classy in there and it was a great way to end the trip with a bang :) This place is pretty pricey but hey, youve already made the trip out here and probably spent hella money. The wait wasnt that bad actually because we went on a Monday night.I got the onion soup and it was my first time having it. I was expecting it to be jam packed with flavor but I personally didnt think it was that great. The layer of cheese onion on top was too thick and I just thought it was a weird combo. I got the Filet Mignon for $32 and split with a friend since we didnt want to be bloated before heading out. The meat was super tender and tasted very buttery. I loved the frites because they were so fried and delicious. Id much rather have that than huge pieces of potatoes.The atmosphere and the ambiance was great and the food was good but overpriced. **TIPS**1) I would skip out on the onion soup unless you like really like it.2) Dress to impress when you go here :)3) Enjoy!
2	We stopped here for appetizers.1. The food was fantastic. We liked it. 2. The problem? The waitress. She was rude and refused to listen. We told her when she greeted us that we were only here for appetizers. She asked us NO less than 4 times what we planned on having for dinner. Then, she forgot my wine -- TWICE. ALL in all -- would think twice before returning due to service.
4	The food was solid, the ambiance was nice, prices were a lot more than $$ contrary to what Yelp says however, I did not appreciate eating in the bar stool chairs.  Not compfortable at all, so I recommend holding out for a real table.
4	I had Mon Ami on our list of restaurants to visit while in Vegas and fortunately we did get to squeeze in an early dinner here.  It has a prime location on the strip across from the beautiful Bellagio water show.  We sat inside yet had a great view.  Considering that the restaurant is very busy, we had good service. We began with the smoked salmon appetizer- served in the traditional  French style-very good. We accompanied our meal with a bottle of Meursault.  Our main courses were:Gabi fried fish fillet with steak frites- so good and the fries were paper thin. Caramelized scallops with pea puree-this dish was really enjoyable. Dessert-our server highly recommended the white chocolate bread pudding- he was sooo right. I was pleasantly surprised to find a restaurant that offered good food, service and a beautiful view.  There is usually a trade off but not at Mon Ami Gabi.
4	$20 for half a chicken, mashed potatoes, mushrooms and bacon? Done deal. Amazing.
5	My girlfriend and I found this kind of by accident.  We were walking down the strip exploring on our first day.  We had planned our trip down to the minute, except breakfast, which we figured would be something quick or a buffet before we head to the pool or go exploring each day.  Anyway, we walked by Paris on our first afternoon and saw this place.  They have a huge outdoor patio in the perfect location (right across from the Bellagio fountains), and we both love restaurants with outdoor patios.  We looked at the menu, saw that breakfast looked good, and decided to come back.Before we went back though, we did some quick research and found that first, this place was ranked 24th our of over 2000 Vegas restaurants on tripadvisor and found that every list of the best brunch places and best patio restaurants had this one at the top.  It was a no brainer at that point.Unfortunately, they do not take reservations for the patio, so we had to wait about 40 minutes on Saturday morning. I don't recall the time - 9 or 10AM.  Anyway, this place is unbelievably good.  When we next find ourselves in Vegas, I am sure we'll do something different for everything - different dinners, nightclubs, different hotel (and we liked every place we stayed and went) - but we will absolutely be back here.I got simple eggs benedict, she got eggs florentine, and we both got large Cafe au Lait (it comes in a bowl!).  I just can't express how good the food and coffee was.  There's really nothing else that needs to be said.  Food = superb.  Ambiance (patio dining on the Strip in early Spring) = superb.  Service = superb.  And it wasn't too pricey.  Go here.  Wait for the patio.  You won't regret it.
4	The escargot and steak were superb, but I wish the menu was a bit more robust.
2	Vegas weekend with my girl and this was our first stop to eat.  In summary, we ordered the recommendations of yelpers and our server and the food was just alright.  Our server was great and attentive, but the food was just ok.  Not worth getting into the details, I will not be going back.
5	Been to this restaurant many many times. It never disappoints. Food is great,service is great and all at very reasonable prices for food and wine. There are hundreds of overpriced restaurants in Montreal serving mediocre food at outrageous prices who could learn from them.
5	My favorite restaurant on the Strip. Everything I've ever eaten there is amazing (baked cheese app) and the service is great.
4	I have been here twice. The first time I came I got the cheese plate, trout, and the warm chocolate tart for dessert. I absolutely loved the cheese plate. The cheeses were served with a sprinkle of honey on top in addition to some nuts and raisin nut bread. The cheese just melts in your mouth and the combination of the nuts and honey make it awesome. The trout was cooked just right with a some toasted almonds on top,and the chocolate tart was the perfect way to end the meal. The second time I went was this past weekend. I knew that it was famous for its steak, so I decided to order one. I ordered the steak bordelaise which is steak topped with a carmelized onion red wine sauce. This dish was to die for. The steak was juicy and tender, and it had great flavoring. It came with a side of hand-cut frites which were also really good. The service was great both times. Definitely coming back my next trip to vegas.
3	Great atmosphere. Prime location across from the Bellagio water fountain show. Prices are as expected for being on the strip. I've had better though...that's the reason for three stars.
4	My husband and I come here a lot for brunch. Their Blood Mary bar is awesome and super yummy! I love their food...I only wish they had a larger menu...but I've never had anything there that I wouldn't order again. Enjoy!
5	I arrived early (5 pm) in the hopes of beating the rush, and it worked. I waited about 15 minutes for an outside table (even at 5 pm!). When I left, a crowd had formed.The waitress was very nice. I was overlooking the Bellagio fountains, which was nice; otherwise, I people- and traffic-watched, which was kind of fun.I ordered pate, steak au poivre, and chocolate mousse. To drink, I had a house merlot and a cup of coffee.I think they brought me the wrong pate, as there are two--a country pate and a chicken liver mousse pate. The former comes with pickles, and the latter is a liver-and-wine pate. What I ate was good, so no complaints, but be aware that there are two pate appetizers, so mix-ups are possible. The steak was good--I'd asked for rare, but in hindsight, they really couldn't cook a steak that thin rare, so that was more on me than them that it was closer to medium. I don't fault them for that. The fries were an interesting almost hybrid of a fry and a chip (or if you're English, a chip and a crisp!). The mousse came with little chocolate crispy things on top and was quite nice. I'm not a wine drinker, so I won't even attempt to judge the wine. The coffee was fine.
5	My last visit was August 2011 so this may be a little out dated but just have to express my love for this place!!We ate here 4/5 mornings during our stay at Paris. We were a party of 6 and never failed to get a patio table, never a wait. We ate between 8-10am most mornings.Everything we tried was superb, but the Benedict specials were amazing! I'm headed back in October and this place is at the top of my list to return to. I'll be back for breakfast but would also like to spend an evening there.
3	Beautiful view of the strip. Pretty good food.That day my friend and I wanted to eat on the strip with a view of the colorful tourists and Vegas locals. We sat in the outdoor area of Mon Ami Gabi. The view was great.I ordered the special: scallops wrapped in bacon. I substituted a side of fries for the potatoes. It was pretty good.My only issue was the waitstaff changed shifts while we were there and forgot about us for a while. It was difficult getting refills of water. However, for the experience of eating outdoors on the strip, it's worth it.
5	Thrilled with this place. For the price/quality/service it merits at least 4 stars. The fifth star is a bonus for their baguettes. They are unreal. Our table devoured 4 of them and we never heard any complaints. I recommend the mussels and then dipping their unreal bread into the garlicky buttery amazingness the mussels are served with. Steak frites was also quite good as well as the fish and chips. Didn't have to wait long to sit outside (great view of the strip) and everyone left completely satisfied. Looking forward to coming here again!
5	My wife and I went there for dinner Saturday night and I must say it was the best meal we had during our stay in Las Vegas. Wanting the very best we could afford, we returned to Mon Ami Gabi because of a great experience we had there a few years ago and we certainly were not disappointed. Our service, food, wine, etc., was exceptional. I highly recommend it for a couple looking for a special occasion.
4	Out of all the places on the strip to eat, this has to be one of the chillest. I went here solo in late April, and loved it. After my 40 minute standing wait for a seat at the outside bar, I was pleasantly seated with my glass of wine i'd been sipping on enjoying the view. What's that view? Well the strip of course, and you're smack dab in front of the Bellagio. It's worth the wait just to sit on my ass, drink, and people watch from a dimly lit, ear numbing hum of a packed restaurant. Though don't think it's not tolerable, because even at 10 o'clock at night its packed, and when that fountain goes off across the street. It's perfect. At the time Frank sinatra was blasting across the street, beautiful pressure filled cannons were shooting droplets of water high into the sky. Hell I must of had a good buzz by then, when my preoccupation became fixed on staring into the night sky, with all the chaos around me.  After losing a lot of money on slots I was cautious in my order decisions. I had a couple glass' of the house red, which was maybe 9 bucks and change. A decision of duck was made, with classically french bread in order. That bread? Yeah that breads free with your meal, so stuff your face with it. Don't forget the butter, lots of it. Your baguettes no good if you're not slathering the damned thing in copious amounts of butter.Compliments of the chef that night; a light and airy shredded carrot, cabbage, and ginger root medley. Presented nicely like a scoop of ice-cream. Presentation: simple, execution on texture and most importantly flavor: devine. Hints of red wine vinegar pulled the strings together. If only they were ice-cream, they were begging to be.Roasted duck came with a small but adequate micro salad, hence the micro part you say. But I do want some roughage when I'm cannibalizing on a fresh, juicy piece of french duck in America's city of excess. If they can fly in fresh seafood overnight across the street, where's my fresh plucked greens from the countryside of southern France? The ducks the best I've ever had, period. And marinated bing cherries bring the superb amount of sour needed to such a rich slab of meat. All in all it's good. So sit down, drink some wine, and enjoy some classically french dishes. Escape the heads below you that are sipping on their expired Jimmy Buffett margarita's, the live nude girls guaranteed to you in 20 minutes or less, and the all alluring card table. But please, sit outside, you may want to not be seen or be heard. But theres so much to see, so much to hear, and even more to feel.
2	I went there once with a friend for her birthday.  She was head-over-heels for the place.  I was unenthused.
5	Great location, great people-watching, great food!Went here for an early lunch on our last day in Vegas.  Got a seat on the patio no problem.  We shared the baked goat cheese appetizer...sooooooo yummy!  Hubby got the steak sandwich and really liked it.  I ordered the chicken and brie sandwich and it was amazing.Will definitely go here again!
5	From the French bread to the decor, I felt like I was back in Paris! Add guerre to the burger au poivre and you'll be shocked at how refreshing a burger can be!
5	SO SO accommodating to my gluten sensitivity. I felt at home and not rushed by our waiter who had a perfectly placed french accent. By far the best part of my visit to Las Vegas.
5	My dear, dear sweet friend Gabi you never disappoint!  We typically visit Mon Ami at least once during any given trip Las Vegas but this time we were drawn in FOUR times in three days.  Yup...twice in one day.  Do your hear me?  Out of maybe seven meals, four were consumed in this great establishment.  It's located in Paris and we were staying there so the convenience factor played in a little bit but we truly love it.  The mussels are phenomenal.  Escargot is OUT OF THIS WORLD...get extra bread to sop up all that parsley garlic butter.  The breakfast cheeseburger did not disappoint.  Salmon platter was just right.  Chicken pate also a winner.  Oysters du jour were oysters...not the biggest fan but fine.  Steak au poivre was, again, just right.  Servers are extremely professional and courteous.  They are well versed about wine selections.  Please, do yourself a favor...visit Mon Ami next time you're in "Paris"!
4	I absolutely loved this place. Went with a few of my dad's friends while they were in town and we were all very pleased with the food. Ordered a cheese tray for an appetizer which was delicious and for dinner I ordered the mussels. I am a mussel connoisseur and I ate the entire bowl in about 2 minutes. Everyone else who was with me ate their meal about just as fast as well. Food was delicious and now on to the dessert...oh my word! Absolutely amazing. If I have friends that come into town, I will definitely be taking them here. Definitely worth the price, which isn't too bad, and is a crowd pleaser.
5	My wife and I totally enjoyed our dinner at Bon Ami Gabi. We had a 7pm reservation and were seated within minutes of arrival. The restaurant was packed but we were receiving attention from our waiter almost immediately. I got brave and ordered the steak tartare which I had never eaten before and was amazed. My wife had a chicken dish served with asparagus that she was very pleased with. There wine by the glass menu while short has some excellent selections. As I said earlier, the place was slammed but we never felt rushed as we took our time enjoying our dinner.Highly recommend on your next trip to Las Vegas.
4	You must eat outside when you come to Mon Ami for the view of Bellagio's fountain. The pancakes are delicious. The omelettes are excellent. I've never been here for dinner so I can't comment on their steaks.
2	As a New Yorker who loves food,  I am sad to say this place fell short. I went based on a friend's recommendation:  1. Steak Bernaise was cold and not tender2. Escargot and Brie were decent, a bit too much pesto for the first3. At least our waitress was nice ! Perhaps its the location near the fountains that makes it popular but I would save your $$$ for something less touristy and better quality!!! I hear Roy's fusion is good and zagat rated so we may try that next!
5	We were drawn to this restautant twice during our stay in Vegas.  What's not to like... you can sit outside and watch the Bellagio fountains along with all the other characters that are walking by, and enjoy your meal at the same time.  We order the Seafood Platter for two both times.  It was unbelievable!!  The service was also great.  Even the bus boy took care of us.
5	A friend highly recommended this place and now I know why.  It's delish.  The seating on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains in the evening is awesome.  The bread is fresh and perfect.  Really, I think that's the best bread I've had in years.  We started with delicious Duck Confit.  We've been in love with Duck Confit ever since visiting the real city of Paris a few years back and this one certainly did not disappoint.  I had the chicken palliard and my hubby had the Chicken Grandmere.  Both were fantastic.  To top it off the service was excellent.  We will definitely be back.  Plan ahead and make reservations early!
3	The food was good but definitely not the best steak I've had. I had the filet mignon with the merlot butter. Service was friendly.The butterscotch bread pudding was pretty delicious!
3	Pros: The seafood platter was very fresh, especially the oysters! The sauces on everything was delicious! The scallops were very well prepared.Cons: Besides the small portions, the actual steaks themselves were not that amazing. Not very tender or juicy. In addition, they give you a giant stack of fries to cover up for the fact that they give you very little entree. This leads me to say that the quality of food low for the price. Overall: Touristy and nice =P
4	Lovely breakfast on the patio overlooking the strip. Good eggs benedict. Not too bad on price (for Vegas, anyway). Would go back happily.
4	loved this restaurant.   My friends are visiting me after few days we are doing the touristy route and we end up in Vegas.  Just don't expect such fasting booking when  you just walk in.  We waited 45 minutes to get in but was well worth it.  We wanted outside section and while waiting we walked around and played a bit.  The only thing was the closeness of the tables but I guess they are trying to squeeze as many as possible.  We tried their trout and hamburger steak and corfeit and deserts were also great.  Off course parking is great we always go on top; since paris is always packed and busy.   You are paying a bit high for the view you get with bellagio foutains and people walking by.
3	Food high quality, but not particularly imaginative. Atmosphere mediocre unless you have a patio seat, which offers a great view of the Bellagio fountain. I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi for first time tourists, as it would be uber cool, but for seasoned tourists or locals there are better options for a spectacular meal.
3	I've had my eye on this restaurant for years now and never had the chance to try it because each time i went to Vegas something always prevents me from coming here. Then finally, i had the chance to try Mon Ami Gabi for the first time last month. I made reservations on Sunday for a party of 6 at 6pm and when we arrived we got seated right away. My friends and I ordered many of the popular items and tried each other's meals. Things i've tried: - Smoked Salmon: This was pretty tasty. Went very well with the bread they gave you. - Escargots: I didn't try this, but my friends said it was okay.- Filet Mignon: Cooked with a batter that surrounded the steak. I didn't quite enjoy it and thought it wasn't so flavorful- Steak Bordelaise: This one was actually really flavorful and better than the filet mignon to me (surprisingly because it was half the price of the filet mignon)- Chicken Grandmere: Mediocre, nothing special about this chicken. - Caramelized sea Scallops: Very salty and not that tasty to me - Pork Pillard: thick cut, kind of chewy. Not that great to me - Mac & Cheese: It was cheesy but not the best mac and cheese i've tasted. Kind of bland- Aparagus: Mediocre, nothing special  Overall, i was a bit disappointed with this restaurant. I thought the food was going to be top notch, but everything tasted mediocre and didn't blow my mind. I enjoyed the fresh bread and pickled carrots they gave in the beginning. Service was a bit slow due to the high crowds. Ambiance is a bit loud and voices echo because we sat in the patio area. Pretty restaurant. Great views of the Eiffel towel along with the surroundings. I would not come back if i was in vegas and it was truly a one time thing.
4	The wife and I went to Mon Ami Gabi for my birthday dinner yesterday.  My wife made a reservation for 5:15, but then because of a show we wanted to see, she decided to play it safe and reschedule the reservation for 5:00.  This was no problem at all.When we arrived at about 4:45, it seemed a little empty but that's because most people were outside on the patio overlooking the strip and the Bellagio fountains.  We also requested to be seated outside, and we got a table easily (Probably because it was so early).  I would recommend going closer to sunset, as we were partially exposed to the sun for the entire meal.  However, patio seating is first come, first serve so it may be a lot tougher to secure a table later in the evening... (The inside looked very romantic as well)I tried the Frangria, which was good enough to last me the entire meal.  We started with the warm Brie and the French Onion Soup, both of which were pretty amazing.  My wife ordered the classic steak with the butter sauce, and I tried the one with the bleu cheese.  She went medium, and because I was curious about the difference, I went with medium-rare.  Both steaks were cooked as ordered, and the difference between the two was obvious.  Many restaurants, unfortunately, screw this up...  But not Mon Ami Gabi!Even though we were pretty full after the meal, I received an ice-cream puff type thing as a birthday dessert.  That wasn't bad either.Service was excellent!  It seemed the guy filling up water and taking away dishes was sitting behind us just waiting until the glasses or plates were empty!  Our waiter was very attentive, and while we didn't try to test out his knowledge of the food or beverages, we had zero complaints about him.  So, for the drink, brie, soup, and two steaks, we paid about $85 before the tip.  For the quality of the food, and the overall atmosphere compared to other restaurants, the price was right!  (Gordon Ramsay steak is an average of $100 per plate.)While, I'll probably be more interested in trying a different steakhouse next time around (only because I like new things), we definitely want to come back and try out Mon Ami's brunch someday.
4	We had just arrived in Vegas on a Thursday afternoon and wanted our first meal after flying all morning to be great. Mon Ami Gabi did not disappoint. We arrived around 2PM and were seated at an outside table with a fantastic view of The Eiffel and of he Strip for prime people watching. Service was attentive. Food was quite yummy. We ordered a new drink on the menu that had lavender, pineapple and vodka. It was so divine we had two (first bartender made it better than the second). We kept it simple with a shrimp cocktails appetizer (fresh, plump and succulent) and with burgers which came with their hand cut fries. Delicious and believe me, it is in fact easy to mess up a burger. The hand cut fries were perfect for snacking on later in the day. I wish I had been brave enough to order the lobster roll. Something tells me they would have in fact done it justice. Highly recommend this place.
5	I have vacationed regularly in Vegas for over 15 years and I've eaten at many places on the strip.  Everytime I visit I must eat at Mon Ami.  I absolutely love it and it is, hands down, my favorite restaurant there.There are lots of great foodie experiences up and down the strip, and it's important to do your research before blowing up your wallet on something that turns out to be underwhelming, which can easily happen.  That's why I always go back to Mon Ami.  It is consistently good, from the food to the service, and their prices are reasonable, particularly when it comes to steak.  At some of the celebrity chef owned steakhouses on the strip, you could easily spend $40-$60 just on the meat without blinking an eye, and what you spend doesn't always match the quality.  The steaks aren't bad, per se, they just aren't, in my opinion, always worth it.Mon Ami's steaks are terrific - whether you get the steak bordelaise or the filet mignon.  Excellent quality cow, and always cooked perfectly.  They have other offerings, but I always go for the steaks.  Their apps are great, too - I usually go for the escargot, but their oysters are also excellent.  The atmosphere is very cozy, very parisian bistro (as one would expect at Paris), with a fabulous outdoor patio that sits directly across from the Bellagio, so you get a terrific view of the fountains, as well as prime people watching, from this vantage point.  Excellent cocktails and very nice wine selection.Also, if you're looking for a place to have a private dinner party, Mon Ami is the place.  I wound up having my 30th birthday dinner party there after looking at other options.  A lot of the trendy hot spots required you to have a set/limited menu starting at ridiculous prices.  At Mon Ami, there was an expected minimum to spend for the bill, but my guests could order whatever they wanted, which was important to me.  The private room was absolutely perfect - held about 20 people comfortably and had large glass windows with a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio fountains - what a magical setting!  Mon Ami is also a place that shouldn't be overlooked for breakfast/brunch.  Wonderful selection of sweet and savory, from crepes to omlets - and, if you go for an early breakfast or late lunch, you have a much better chance of getting a patio table.  Even if you have reservations, it's always first come first served for the patio, and the wait can be very long at peek hours.For wheelchair users, the aisles in the restaurant are wide and spacious with lots of room to navigate.  The tables are aptly spaced, which makes seating comfortable.  The patio can be tight when it's crowded, but definitely take advantage of it during off times.  It's worth the view.
4	We had a late breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi.  There was a long line out front but everyone was waiting for patio seating.  We were able to sit immediately indoors.  Menu is very French, very rich.  My son had blueberry French toast (should have been listed on the dessert menu).  I tried the mixed berry big skinny pancakes which were described as very thin.  I was thinking German pancakes at Ihop but they were more crepe-like.  I think they would have been better a bit more dense, spongy, as opposed to flaky and almost crispy and dry on the ends.  My husband enjoyed the eggs benedict of the day as well as all of their lovely breads.  Overall high quality restaurant with terrific service.
5	This place was fabulous! Normally I have low expectations for places on the strip, where usually food is crazy pricey and mediocre tasting at best. But Mon Ami Gabi is the exception to this rule. I was able to get a same day reservation, and though the wait for outside was over 2 hrs, we got a window seat inside so we could watch the Bellagio water show while we dined.The crusty bread they bring you is Warm and in a little paper sleeve- love the delicious details! And the mussels were very tasty (I had them as an entree). Everyone around the table loved their food.Great prices, great view, great food. DEFINITELY GO!
4	Awesome location, food, and service for any meal of the day. Great vegetarian options and the wine list rocks.
5	We made a reservation on a Monday night about 2 hours before, and got a great table - half inside, half-outside with a great view of the Bellagio fountain. We really lucked out. The steak with bleu cheese was excellent. The place has been there for 11 years and there's a reason. Highly recommend.
4	One of my favorite places to go on a beautiful Vegas day to eat outside and see the Bellagio fountain show at the same time! Does it get any better??  I love French food so I was worried the food might not live up to my expectations but it is good and their bread is great!!
3	It has been a long time since I last visited Mon Ami Gabi (probably 2 years), but it popped up on my "have you been to..." suggestions, so I'll review it! The absolute best thing about the restaurant is its location. The Paris got really lucky when the Bellagio opened and built beautiful fountains out front - now many of their restaurants (like Mon Ami Gabi and the Eiffel Tower Restaurant) have a phenomenal view. Be sure to request a table on the patio where you can see the fountain show...it's definitely worth waiting for, and you can drink at the bar while you wait!I give this restaurant three stars because I remember feeling underwhelmed by the food. Everything was tasty, but for a restaurant in a prime location at the strip, you usually expect something special. I had a New York strip, their fries, and we shared a bunch of appetizers that I honestly can't remember anymore. It was a fun experience and perfectly fine food...I would go back happily (but probably wouldn't be the one suggesting it).
5	Amazing food for a reasonable (ish) price! The escargot is an absolute MUST
4	This has been on my list of restaurants to try for a VERY long time, and I finally got to eat there this past weekend.So, first off, please, save the trouble and call ahead to make reservations, this place is very popular. I showed up with a party of 6 on a Saturday night. The hostesses were all very kind and accommodating even with 2 of our people running a little late. We luckily ended up getting a table outside with a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains.Our server was absolutely fantastic and helpful, and most of the staff had that great level of professionalism you expect from a high end restaurant. Everyone at the table ordered different appetizers and they were phenomenal. I had the smoked salmon which was really incredible, I highly recommend it. The baked goat cheese appetizer was ginormous, as was the onion soup au gratin. Everyone loved their food. Seriously, their was a hush over the table as everyone savored their meals. I will say, I got the chicken paillard and was somewhat dissapointed in how dry the chicken was, so, I would not recommend that. The sauce and veggies it came with were good though. The trout amandine was delicious as well.Overall, it was a wonderful experience, the food and ambiance are lovely, this place is excellent for a date night or an intimate outing with friends. GO! I can't wait to try their breakfast/brunch menu.
5	Only been once, but my meal was perfect. It helps that it was a perfect day out, but couldn't have asked for a better meal.
2	Meh. Such a wonderful word and such a great description of this restaurant. French onion soup, Meh. Not sure what people were raving about. It was basically a block of cheese with onions and bread. I came away with the feeling I could have made that in the kitchen, and that isn't a good sign.The salad with kale is definitely false advertising. Reminded me of the "may contain peanuts" warnings as the salad may contain kale. Dressing was also hugely disappointing too. I forget what else I ordered as it was completely forgettable other than the taste of disappointment.This was also the only restaurant in Vegas I was disappointed with the service. It was busy so I totally understand the wait to take our order, but when the food was delivered they basically dumped it on the table. Didn't take any stars off for that as in the end I judge based on the food, but it did stick out as something out of place.
4	I do like the atmos and food but $$$$, poop some chang out
4	I have loved Mon Ami Gabi for years.  The best bouillabaisse in town.  The outdoor seating is a little touristy, but can be romantic with the Bellagio fountain show directly across the Boulevard.  Also, any seafood dish is delectible.
5	Three words.  Ahi Tuna Burger.  It has ruined me for every other burger of any kind.  Every burger I try in my life from now on will be compared to it and will most likely pale in comparison.
5	Our favorite place to eat when we're on The Strip. My Dad was always a huge fan of this place so we would go all the time and now we live here in Vegas so we try to make it as often as possible. Service is always top notch just like the food. Remember to call ahead and ask what the specials are that night, Thursday-Saturday I believe. The inside seating is quite dark so bring a flashlight but the patio section is right on The Strip so it's awesome views of the hotels and the people! Plus if you go in the evening you get the Bellagio water show every 15 minutes which gives you an amazing show. Be sure to try the Sangria in the Summer because it's out of this world. Food choices, you can't go wrong.
4	I've eaten here twice for breakfast on the patio. The food is good & so is the service. On our last visit, my husband had the beef bourguignon eggs benedict special, & I had the croque madame w/ pomme frites. Both were really good. I also had the orange chocolate chip muffin, which I loved. The restaurant is a great place to eat for a fantastic view of the strip. Go early in the morning for a fantastic & weather friendly breakfast outside!
5	Busy restaurant, but if you can ask for a patio seat it's well worth it. Great food, excellent service and perfect view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain in the evening time. Prices were decent and food selection was broad. I would definitely go back here again!
4	I'm usually skeptical of Vegas strip restaurants but I was pleasantly surprised with how good the food was over here. Thanks to all the Yelp review mentions of the French Onion Soup, of course had to try that. Their salad and other items were good too and just as everyone else has said, if you sit in the patio you can see the Bellagio fountains!
4	For a restaurant on the strip, I come here pretty often along with Todd English Olives. I'm usually here for dinner so I can't say much for brunch. Be sure to make a reservation to avoid long waits. Patio seating is great for a view of the Bellagio fountain. I'm usually here for the steak, sea scallops, or mussles. Other things on the menu, I haven't found anything else too impressive yet. The onion soup can be disappointing. Escargot was disappointing. The few times I was here for weekend brunch, the food was alright but nothing too memorable. However, I've had cheaper and better brunch off the strip so I don't bother with brunch here.
3	Decent food we went for breakfast but I was told i could order off the lunch menu. I tried the chicken sandwich with sliced apples the sandwich was good bread was fresh. The service was good we sat outside. Lots of reviews for this place I guess worth trying out for breakfast/lunch. Nothing out of this world I have to say but goof to grab a quick salad, or sandwich and sit outside to people watch. Also ordered escargot was ok nothing special came out with no bread. had to wait 7 minutes the guy said they were baking the baguettes. The bread was actually excellent !
4	They have very unique thin steaks that have great flavor.  Directly across from the fountains at the Bellagio so you get a great view with dinner as well.
2	Over rated. Food was cold. Atmosphere was nice.
3	Delicious breakfast
5	I had dinner at Mon Ami Gabi over the weekend, and everything was great. We got stuck in traffic, so we were late for our reservation, but they fit us in without waiting anyway. (And on a holiday weekend)The food was fantastic and the service is impeccable. I highly recommend the lemon basil ginger martini. Yum!
5	This is really a great find on the Strip. Some variety of breakfast and sandwiches with good size portions at only $12-15. They start you with a loaf of fresh French bread, yummy! I ordered the best tuna melt I have ever had- open faced with cheese, green olive, artichoke, grilled tomato and caramelized onion. I substituted a side of fruit which consisted of sweet berries.We arrived at noon and while the wait for the patio was about 45 minutes they were able to seat us inside immediately. What I was most impressed by was the service. It compared to any 5 star restaurant in Vegas. I'll be back to Mon Ami Gabi again next time I come to Vegas.
4	Hanger steak was good.  I can't remember the name but there is a French beer that is really good.
3	I had the Bone-In Ribeye, and it was ok. I ordered it rare, and it came with a very nice red interior. It was also pretty tender, but it could've used more seasoning to bring out the beefy flavor. The black peppercorns were very coarsely grounded so some bites were overly peppery. On the plus side, the ribeye had a good sized rim/cap/deckle/whatever you call that piece of meat surrounding the edge of a ribeye. That's literally the best piece of meat from a cow.
5	The patio Mon Ami Gabi is simply one of the best places for breakfast in this town!   The food is great and the people watching is the BEST.   It gets pretty crowded on the patio starting at 9.30am so early is better - plus you get to see a wonderful parade of people walking the strip in their "evening clothes" after a lively night out.  The egg benedict is wonderful but if you want something lighter try the muesli - it is a fabulous mix of fruit topped with berries.
3	This was from back in Dec. 2012Actually I would give it a 3.5 ha! It was quite good everything except my entree, boohoo! It might not be their fault either, I tried to go with something different for me, being in a French restaurant and all...So I tried some pork chops with fig, but maybe it was fine and I just don't know how it's supposed to taste.... I didn't really like it, I didn't like the texture of the pork chops, too soft and it was too much on the sweet side for me...Now, the bread....oh the bread...that takes 5 stars right away, enough said.and the little salad that comes with the bread...delicious!The place was packed, but it wasn't too bad the wait because it was freaking cold outside and we brave the cold and accepted a table outside. If you kept your jacket on you were fine.They have big space heaters all over the place, there was one right behind my chair, so it was actually perfect. Nice experience overall!
5	Came here both on the recommendation of several friends and Yelp reviews.  Loved it.  Showed up about 2:00 on a Friday afternoon, waited in the bar about 20 minutes for a table on the patio.  Should I do this again, I would likely eat indoors (which was no wait) because at 2:00 in the afternoon it was hot and the umbrella did not cover us all.  Sweaty, sweaty, sweaty.But I digress.  Beyond the heat, it was lovely.  I had croque monsieur and it was really delicious.  Our server was wonderful with a good sense of humor, and the staff appeared to be working in elegant unison.   My husband and son had bottles of beer, and the server came over with an ice bucket on a stand and put their beers inside.  Nice touch.I really regretted not returning for the brunch.  Next time in Vegas!
2	Good French food, average serviceStopped into Mon Ami Gabi on a vacation to Vegas.  My wife and I thought it was superb 11 years ago and were happy to see they are still in business.  We both recalled how much we loved their French Onion Soup.With some relatives coming down the street, I was disappointed by the young lady managing the hostess desk.  She wouldn't even say if or how long our wait was, "Unless your full party is here."  I could understand not being seated, but the rude tone and nonsensical retort that they can't even give you an estimate on wait time got things off to a poor start.  Then, we were seated immediately when our family members arrived.The menu is simple enough and the food was good, but not great.  Salads were unremarkable.  The Fillet Mignon was very good.  And the final bill was about $205 for four adults, a toddler, and a baby.  Note: They put 18% gratuity on for themselves.There were much better years ago.  And if there were better service, I would readily give them three stars.
5	OH MY GOD. This place was so delicious.I came here last Sunday for dinner with my sister and sat outside with an unobstructed view of the Bellagio fountains. Our service was excellent, prompt and very friendly.  The freshly made baguette came out warm to our table and we could have as much as we wanted.  I ordered the Salmon with Leek Quinoa and my sister had the Caramelized Sea Scallops.  My salmon was perfectly done, but it was the Leek Quinoa that was truly exceptional. I'm smiling just thinking about it.  My sister also loved her food.  One disclaimer: if you are looking for large portions (or a buffet), this is NOT for you.  The portions, while enough to fully satisfy me, will probably bother those who want a cheap and large meal and are content with that meal being merely "good".  However, if you value flavor over quantity, don't miss it on your next trip to Vegas-- I know I wont.
5	I think I've found my new favorite breakfast/brunch place in Vegas! AMBIENCE:I swear I've been to Vegas hundreds of times and have probably walked by Mon Ami just as many times, but have never set foot in the restaurant because I always assumed it was too expensive.  Mon Ami is located right at the strip and at the bottom of the Paris hotel.  There is patio seating, so if you are lucky, you get to people watch (my faveeee!!) as you eat :)**TIP: If you do decide on patio seating, make sure you get there early so you don't have to wait too long.  I'm not one to be known for my patience, so both times I've been here, I've opted for the regular dining inside the restaurant.  The restaurant feels a little bit upscale because there are dark woods, tablecloths, wine glasses, but don't let that fool you b/c dishes range about $15-$18, which is not bad considering the quality of food you get.FOOD QUALITY:Okay, most importantly, you want to know about the food right? Let me tell you - it is AMAZING.  If I was trapped in a deserted island and could only bring 3 things with me, I may say their Skinny Pancakes as one of my 3 things.  It was offered as a special when I went the last time I dined here and I am so glad I ordered it!  The pancake was as thin as a crepe and drizzled with this nice glaze, topped with glazed pears.  What I loved was that the edges of the pancake, which were not yet touched by the glaze was still crispy, so it was a wonderful mixture of texture and flavors with every bite!I also LOVE that the bread comes out warrrrmmm!!! Mmm mmm!  My thighs now hate me because of my love/hate relationship with warm bread and butter, but it is SO GOOD (sorry thighs).I also got the Strawberry Waffle as well here and it was equally as delicious!  The strawberries were sweet and juicy and the pancakes were cooked to crispy delectable perfection.  Don't even get me started with that maple syrup.  I was trying to find other things I could dip into that maple syrup just so I could have more.**TIP:  They also have a Blood Mary Bar in the middle of the restaurant. I believe it was about $11-$12.  It loved amaze-balls!  I will definitely be back to try it out the next time.SERVICE:Service was great!  The main thing I need in the morning is COFFEE!  Don't even try getting a coherent answer from me until I've had at least 2-3 cups.  Our waitress kept my coffee refilled at all times.  Poor thing, I don't think she's ever seen anyone drink that much coffee in her life lol.OVERALL:The breakfast here is just what I need to wake me up from Vegas nights.  I love the atmosphere and the quality of food is what will keep me coming back!  Give it a try the next time you're in Vegas!
5	Great food and great locations especially if you want to sit outside on the patio, adjoining the Las Vegas Strip, and hear/view the Bellagio Fountains. Getting on the patio can be difficult, but if you are going for an early evening arrive around 5:00 when the sun is still somewhat intensive and its easier to get a table. Within a short while the sun goes behind the Bellagio Hotel & Casino and it's perfect!
5	I love Mon Ami Gabi! This is my go to breakfast place in Vegas. Patio seating allows you a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains which makes this place that much better. The ambiance inside of the restaurant is pretty nice but a bit darker than I like. Service is good. The food here is amazing. I've ordered their Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon which comes with a side of  perfectly crisped hash browns as well as their Banana Waffles and both were delicious. They also have a Bloody Mary bar that's pretty cool. I can't wait to be back!
4	One more time while I'm here!Great eggs benedict here but going to try something different. Going w the pancakes!Breakfast of champs!
5	One of the best resturants in the county. great service.. great food... Can't ask for anything better.
3	Not very impressed.  For the price and location, I was expecting A LOT more.
4	If and when I get up in time for breakfast in Vegas (I mean, who does after a night of boozing and drunken shenanigans?)--this is where I go.  Their French toast is one of my favorites!  Thick-cut, custardy toast paired with blueberry compote and incredibly rich, velvety-smooth vanilla creme fraiche....Can you say NOM??It's always a good experience here.  Come check it out.
3	I had higher hopes for this place. Sigh. But nonetheless, it was pretty good and the ambiance was stellar. So romantic and French!! We sat at a window and got to experience the Bellagio fountains. We had the fancy smanshy drinks... I had a Scarlet Letter... meh. $13 and it shoulda been better...and BIGGER. The gf had some martini that tasted of malibu. Double meh. However... apps were to die for!  French onion soup and the scallops gratin... you two little lovlies saved the night!! Amazing. Also the bread and the pickled fennel/whatever... awesome. I have to figure out how to make the pickled veggies. All four of us got steak entrees... meh. I am not a fan of the classic steak frite... the frites.. yes.. pretty yummy... the steak.. ok maybe I'm just a Texan and like REAL steaks!! They can keep the paper thin steak with funky tasting butter. Yuk. The hanger steak the gf got was super tiny and tasted like barbecue. Can't remember what the others got but no one was impressed. Creme brulee.. eh, had better at chain restaurants. The apps and the atmosphere make up for the mediocre entrees. Service was great... super cool waiter. I'd try it again. Maybe.
5	A fun place for people watching, great food. Sit outside if you can get a day under 105 degrees and watch the Bellagio fountains!
4	Finally made it to Mon Ami Gabi!  I drive by it everyday at work, and I always heard good things...so when Iwas craving Escargot for lunch, this was the first place that came to mind!Escargots De Bourgogne : Oven Roasted Snails in Garlic-Herb Butter. These were very good, and the garlic/herb butter was great!  Hit the spot for our craving :)  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=b4nRLCaDHXgmKXlkrwdALw#b4nRLCaDHXgmKXlkrwdALwFirst entree was the Croque Monsieur : Ham, Gruyere Cheese, Creme Fraiche. This was a great sandwich! I really liked the combination of tastes and flavors esp when adding the spicy mustard!  Yummy!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=LJuJ8l7hocQY3wSaTKx96Q#LJuJ8l7hocQY3wSaTKx96QSecond was the Steak Frites Classique : Maitre D'hotel Butter. This was a very good thin cut steak...fork/tender cut of beef. The flavor was great with the butter and herb top as well!  I think this will be one of the best steaks on the strip for $20-25!  Pic :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=Hqc8Y10ceuyh3zSZGVtueQ#Hqc8Y10ceuyh3zSZGVtueQIf you sit outside, you will have a decent view of the fountains as well as people watching on the strip.  Service was fast and friendly here as well.They are CRAZY busy here though...make a reservation, most likely an hour or two ahead during lunch hours at least!  But it will be worth the wait :P
5	celebrated my roomie's bday~love their service, easy but nice.
5	Loved it! Great ambiance, delicious food. The seafood was perfect. We ordered mainly appetizer portions to share. Absolutely delicious.
5	Wanted to impress friends in town from Hawaii and Mon Ami Gabi wowed them (and me)!  Stopped in for early dinner, luckily with reservations.  By the time we left, both patio and dining room were filled, with a line out the door--and it was a Monday!  Service was very attentive and our server was a treasure trove of knowledge (we know what the Gabi is about); the tomato fennel soup was creamy and flavorful, poured steaming from a kettle; and the chocolate bread pudding irresistible.  Putting this on the gotta-come-back list!
5	sit on the patio and people watch.. great time.
4	Love this place.  It is our go-to breakfast spot whenever we are in Vegas.  Awesome bloody mary bar for the hubby and mimosas for me.  Delicious ham and cheese crepes and omelets.  Service is always on par and its absolutely enjoyable to sit outside on the patio and people watch the strip nonsense.
4	One of my favs in Las Vegas.  Divinely french with delicious food and if you are lucky enough to snag a patio table you get the added bonus of great people watching.  The escargot are very nice and garlicky and the steak is always cooked to perfection.  We had a vegetarian with us one visit and they were so amazing and accommodating, it was unbelievable considering how busy this restaurant always is.  Never had a bad meal or experience here.Do yourself a favor and reserve a table - a walk up may be over an hour wait at certain times.
4	Great location! right across from the fountains at the Bellagio and on the street for people watching.  We ate outside and even though it was 90 degrees, the AC was cranked up inside and leaked out to the outside tables.  I do not like to be hot, so it was perfect! Had the onion soup, it was only OK, sweet without any beef or onion flavor.  Ordered the filet, medium rare.  First one came out well done. The second one raw in the middle. The third one cam out medium instead of medium rare, but I ate it anyway.  It was good, but would have been great if it had been properly cooked. My husband got the NY strip and it came out perfect. It is huge at 16 oz. The waiter tried his best, but the kitchen let us down.  Four stars for hubby's meal and mine steak once it was done properly, other wise 5 stars for location and the rest of the food.
5	Shawn #22!!!!  5 stars goes out to our awesome server!   Came here for brunch and we were very happy with the excellent and friendly service we received from Shawn.  This is our favorite brunch/breakfast spot in Vegas and we decided to take the whole family for brunch.   The food was outstanding as usual but what we loved was the coffee!!  Turns out that their coffee is from Intelligentcia who roasts a blend of different beans just for this restaurant.  We wanted to buy a pound of beans to take home with us.  Shawn was nice enough to pack us a pound for $20.   Even our friends were complimenting the coffee back home.  We ordered our favorite french onion soup and my FIL had the oyster soup.  Both were very delicious.   My husband got the lobster roll which I would order next time for lunch.  My MIL had the french toast which I thought was on the sweeter side.   I wouldn't mind sharing the french toast but not as my main meal.  I ordered the corn beef hash and it complimented the french toast very well.   If you want great tasting coffee, this is the MUST go to place for it!
4	Very pleasant experience and great service!The outdoor patio is first come, first serve, so come early if you want a good spot. I was fortunate enough to get seating right on the edge of the patio and the entire experience was fantastic. I ordered a fantastic steak, as did my boyfriend, and we both enjoyed our meal. The servers were quick and they were friendly. I will most definitely be back to Mon Ami Gabi whenever I am up for a tasty and romantic meal with the boyfie. I did have to send my steak back the first time (hence the -1 star) because it was overcooked. I received my steak cooked properly right away, though, and the manager was apologetic for the mistake.TIP: Baked Goat cheese with garlic bread was phenomenal.
5	This was my first time in Vegas and I didn't know a good place to get some nice breakfast. Me and my boyfriend were walking looking at our phones (yelp) to see if there was anything nice. Mon Ami Gabi popped up.What a pleasant surprise!! It's not usual for me, traveling, to like the first place I go to eat. Most because you simply don't know the place and have no idea what you may get. But I'm sure we got the best.My boyfriend got the eggs benedict and pomegranate juice an I got the croissant sandwich. We had a blast, my boyfriend loved his plate and It was definitely one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Super crunchy croissant pastry and super fluffy eggs inside!! Awesome!! The service was very nice as well, but you may have some trouble to get a table because at the 2 times we went there, the place was crowded. But I can understand why.
5	Mon Ami Gabi, je t'aime!I was in Las Vegas for my birthday this year and was perusing Yelp to find the perfect restaurant near MGM that would not break mine or my friends' bank account but also that would have good food, service etc. Mon Ami met my criteria and thankfully Yelp allowed me to make reservations via the Yelp app on my iphone. I am so glad I made reservations, there was a lot of people waiting outside for dinner when we got there. We were given a table within 10 minutes of arriving in the inner dining hall which had a spectacular view of the Bellagio and it's water fountain show! Hooray for free grandiose entertainment on my birthday! Our waitress knew were crunched for time as we had a show to catch, so she made sure to bring out everything promptly. While we waited for our food we were given warm loaves of bread, butter, and this amazing carrot salad that you eat with the bread and butter. I'm not going to lie, we asked for more--I just won't tell you how many times we asked for more.Our food was delicious. My party ordered scallops, steak, salmon, crab so I made sure to sample every single dish and they were all amazingly good. Simply a delight. The salmon melted in my mouth and was accompanied by a quinoa salad. The scallop plate had just the right amount of bacon and was served with greens. The steak came with fries! Two of my friends shared the sea food platter and devoured it. At the end of the meal Mon Ami brought out ice cream for my birthday and sang to me!We left the restaurant feeling full and happy. I thought it was a great birthday dinner and I so glad my friends agreed.
4	Yes, this is super touristy but the food is actually good and not super expensive either so I liked the place. The terrace facing the Bellagio falls is first come first serve seating only so you'd have to wait an hour or so for those seats. Inside it feels more like a French brasserie. We shared the Brie starter and I had the seared scallops while my bf had the Beef Wellington. The food is quite good. And the wine list is very much reasonably priced so we ordered a bottle. Over all a good option for a restaurants within a casino.
4	I love this place. I come here every time I'm in Vegas. There's a great view of the fountains and it's always great weather. So why not?Anyway, the food is always delicious and service is spot on. We got some eggs benedict and .. I can't remember what everyone else had but .. YUMMY! The lunch here is great too. One thing is that while being my birthday breakfast, I wish that they had something special for those occasions. But aside from that? I'm a fan.
5	I never have a bad time here. The food is consistently good, the ambiance is fun and the fish is great along with the bar area on the patio.
3	went there with my family including 3 kids, not really a  kid-friendly restaurant, but we tried it because a good friend recommends it. Ordered steak bordelaise, i can say, it's one of the tastiest steaks i've had. don't have to add extra flavouring or sauce on the side. The place gets busy so i suggest to visit the place on a weekday
4	The food and service here was good.  Bonus for having a kids menu and crayons and drawing paper.
4	+Healthier menu options! +Brunch is so good.+Loaf of bread/baguette included for the table-Steak is very, very thin. Ask for anything other than well done and you will be disappoint. -Servers come around once asking if you want coffee, and then rarely ever again for refills.Actually been here twice already even though I've only checked in once. First time, we came for lunch and I got the steak. I made a huge mistake of ordering my steak rare. Because the steak is so thin, I pretty much got a medium-done steak. The steak was pretty tasty, but I really do prefer my steaks/burgers RARE, so I was very disappointed. The second time, I was there for breakfast/brunch. I got the egg white omelet. The consistency of the omelet is very interesting... it's INCREDIBLY fluffy, which was a bit weird to me at first, but still pretty tasty. It can be a bit bland though, so I added a bit of salt and it was perfect. I hear the french toast is amazing, and will be getting that next time!
5	Been twice!  Bloody Mary Bar, excellent view of the fountains and good food.  Good service.
4	The filet mignon was fantastic!  Service was great.  Even with reservations the wait was annoying and it gets packed by the door. As with any other restaurant in Vegas, it was a bit spendy but worth it for the food and service.
3	This is a mixed review. First the setting. We were there in June (hot), but we got a table on the patio in front of the open windows. The AC inside was working well, and our table felt like a cool breeze was blowing. Very nice view of the Bellagio fountains. Basically a perfect setting for a patio on the strip. Now for the food. We ordered the onion soup. A big bowl. Very sweet. Maybe we should have added a little salt. I liked it. Wife was "meh". We both got steaks. Wife got filet. I got the NY Strip. We ordered medium rare, and both came medium (or a little more--no pink). I was OK with that, but my wife sent it back. Waiter came back with a totally rare steak! I mean pretty much raw from about 1/4 in to the middle. We asked for a medium rare steak, so sent it back again. Waiter came back with a medium steak. Ug. I was halfway done, so my wife decided to eat it. It was good, but not what she ordered. We chose to stop complaining since we didn't think it would do any good.At any rate, I recommend the place, but check your steak when you get it. If it comes wrong, send them ALL back since you want all your food to come out at the same time. Ask for the manager too, maybe at least they can comp you the food. We should have done that.
4	Great food.
5	I love steak, eat in all the time and this was one of the best I have ever had, great cut of meat, perfectly cooked, juicy but with a nice sear on the outside. Had a shrimp cocktail appetizer which was a nice addition to the meal. The fresh baguette was excellent. The wait staff was excellent. Everything here was 5-star. The prices were not outrageous. We sat outside and had a great view of the Bellagio fountains. I love this place and will definitely plan on going back
3	Food was just OKAY. The steaks were thinner than expected and cooked more well than preferred. The french onion soup was a tad too salty for my taste. And the avocado salmon salad was just a typical salad... I wish it lived up to the hype but I can only say it was "okay".I do recommend that you sit outside. It's cooler & better lit than inside. Sitting outside reminds me of people watching in Paris. Plus, you'll get an amazing view of the Bellagio and score if there's a fountain show!
4	I can only speak to the breakfast here. You can sit right out on the strip in front of the Paris hotel across the street from Bellaggio. I love the breakfast options the restaurant has to offer. The bacon was especially delicious. Service with a smile and always professional. You can sit out under an umbrella and still feel the air condition from inside the restaurant. This is my favorite breakfast spot on the strip.
4	Great atmosphere, food and service.  They ran 15 minutes late on our reservation but we got an excellent table (covered patio section which is air conditioned) which is the best for people watching. Keep in mind a reservation is only for an inside table, you have to get in another line to get on the list for outside.  The wines were very inexpensive and the kale/egg salad was fantastic.
4	Brenda's daughter took us to Mon Ami Gabi for a Sunday breakfast to show off the place she works and to have us try their food since she knows we enjoy a good meal. Although the place looks like it might be expensive considering it's right on The Strip, the prices were reasonable. Since we only had breakfast, it's the only meal this review is based on. If you're going for lunch or dinner, check out other reviews elsewhere.Although we had reservations for 10:00, we wanted to sit on the patio which is first-come, first-served. We only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table to open, but that's probably because the daughter worked here. Had she not, we probably would have been waiting a bit longer. If the weather is nice, we'd recommend patio seating. Some people complain about the smell of the exhaust, but we never noticed it. It's a great place to people-watch and has a great view of the Bellagio fountains.We started with coffee while we were checking out the menu. It was nice and strong without the bitter taste you can get when restaurants just add too much coffee grind to the water. Their fresh squeezed orange juice was also very good, but I would have preferred it a bit colder. I had their special of the day which was similar to Eggs Florentine but without the artichoke. The egg was poached to perfection--little dispersion of the egg white and when cut into, the yolk just flowed over the English muffin. The breakfast potatoes were good, but nothing you can't find at most other places. The nice thing about eating at more upscale restaurants is that the food is usually properly seasoned before it comes to your table so there is no need to add additional salt or pepper to get the flavor correct. Brenda had the mixed berry pancakes. Any time she sees something on the menu with "berry" in it, she'll probably order it. The pancakes were closer to crepes than what Americans think of as pancakes, but they were still good. The daughter had an egg-white omelet along with the fresh fruit bouquet that we all shared. The portion size might be considered small if compared to IHOP or another restaurant chain that specializes in breakfasts, but we didn't go away hungry. Our only mistake was that we should have ordered some croissants and baguettes to go with breakfast. That's one thing we miss from the time we lived in Europe--the ability to hit the local bakery for some great, fresh breads every morning. The next trip we'll have to try the quiche or the French toast. Both looked good as they passed our table on the way to someone else.All through the meal the service was outstanding, but when you sit on the patio there's just on aisle between two rows of tables so it's not hard to catch a waiter. We'd definitely stop back here again for breakfast; however, a quick scan of their dinner menu really didn't excite us. It looked like there were a lot of good things on the menu, but there are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas where you can get the same things.
5	I'll keep this review short and sweet. I went here for breakfast on June 4, 2013 while on vacation.  GREAT ATMOSPHERE, GREAT LOCATION, GREAT SERVICE, GREAT FOOD, GREAT PRICES.  $12 for breakfast on a patio overlooking the Bellagio's lake, just amazing.  I wil dine there for all my breakfasts the next time I am in Las Vegas.  Just splendid.
5	I dined here with a group of 7 last Saturday night. Everyone was extremely satisfied with their entrees, which is incredible when you're in a larger party. We had a few starters, including escargot, and duck confit. The duck was delicious! I can't comment on the escargot because I didn't have any; but, everyone else seemed to enjoy it. The warm baguettes were also delicious.I had the French onion soup to start. Very tasty!! For my entree I had the special, which was bacon wrapped filet mignon. It came out perfectly medium rare. Delicious! Our server was great as well. I believe his name was Colby, and he took great care of us!When our bill came, we were all shocked by how low it was. Great value! I will definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back! Both times I was with a group (6 the first time, 7 last night) and was fortunate enough to get a table outside which makes me the happiest person ever to be able to eat and watch the Bellagio fountains. From the host to the server to the bus staff, everyone was very polite and professional. We initially wanted to eat at Olives in the Bellagio but were told by a stone faced hostess that it would be impossible without a reservation. I won't try going back there even if it's empty. The food at Mon Ami Gabi is very, very good. My husband and I had our two sons and three of their friends with us, all ranging from 19-22 years old, so my husband ordered escargot without telling them what it was. When it arrived they loved it and even had another piece after we told them what it was. The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten. I had the trout and it was outstanding. Make sure you get the pomme frites with your steak - they are crispy and delicious. I will definitely plan a meal here every time I'm in Vegas!
5	Arrived for a late dinner after landing at Vegas. Had a great view of the Bellagio fountains from the patio area. Food was delicious. Would go again.
4	Good food, and great view. Before eating dinner we had drinks in the Eiffel Tower restaurant in Paris. I'm happy that we only had a drink, and then dined at Mon Ami Gabi. The view of the strip was great, and the people watching was even better.My husband and I both had the special which was the beef wellington with spinach. The steak was cooked perfectly and the puff pastry was perfectly crisp. The mashed potatoes were also tasty as a side. The best part is this restaurant has great food and doesn't break the bank. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal on The Strip.
5	Virtually everyone recommended this place, and I can see why.  It's not a very "Las Vegas" type of place, considering that the portions are not huge (at least for the vegetarian options we enjoyed), and the focus was completely on the quality of ingredients rather than the spectacle of the presentation.  The food was actually kind of simple, but every single morsel was exquisite, as if the chefs had actually gone to the farmer's market that afternoon to pluck the choicest specimens from each basket of fruits and vegetables, hand-selected the cheeses, or churned the butter themselves that morning.  You know that great food you get in the Bay Area when the chef is plugged into the best local growers?  That was what this was like.  Somehow, inexplicably in the Nevada desert, the chefs at Mon Ami Gabi figured out how to make it seem like the French countryside was just down the street.  Yes, it was expensive, but no more so than any other great French restaurant I've enjoyed, and ultimately it became one of the highlights of our trip.That night, the kitchen was an utter disaster with a huge leak that completely flooded the entire bar and surrounding tables (where we were sitting), and it could have been absolute chaos.  People slipped on the wet floor, staff had to let patrons slosh over soaked tablecloths strewn over the slick surfaces for extra traction, and the flooding was obviously worse in the kitchen where the leak had erupted.  All of this could have made for a regrettable experience, but instead the staff rose to the challenge and kept the place afloat (pardon the pun) with excellent service, great attitudes, and appropriate kindness in the midst of what was probably (and hopefully) one of the worst work nights they've had to endure.  Such grace under pressure was inspiring. I haven't seen that level of service anywhere except at the best San Francisco restaurants, so to find that right on the Vegas Strip under such extreme circumstances, combined with the lusciously fresh and perfectly prepared food, made for an experience dripping (ahem) in quality.I guess that means Mon Ami Gabi isn't the place to visit if you want to encapsulate the Vegas experience, but is definitely the place for those who want something that transcends the strip. Mathis would be a great restaurant in any city - and that's saying something.
5	Instead of going off of the menu i just went with what the special of the day was. That day it was pork roast with potatoes. let me tell you, it was delicious, and although some have mentioned the portions are "smaller" than regular restaurants, it filled me up. If you want great job, get a reservation and enjoy hardly any wait. If you want the outside seating for the ambiance, expect at least an hour wait.
4	Great bang for the buck in Vegas. Worth a visit if you are looking for a nice eatery without breaking the bank and getting your money's worth. Escargots - Sauce tasted great, reminded me of muscles. Frisee, Kale & Warm Bacon Salad with soft-poached egg - AWESOME. Not sure why I haven't seen poached egg used a salad dressing until now, but wow. Steak and Fries - Steak is flattened like a flank and tastes great. Get it medium to medium rare since the steak is so thin. Tasted even better 3 hours later, cold. Fries are super crispy and tasty. Lamb Burger - It was a special and it was great as well. Funny thing is though, the burger tasted even better the next day for some left overs. Go Go Go!!! It is worth your time if you are looking to drop some money (not too much) and want some refinement. Oh yea, service was awesome. Some of the best we've seen anywhere.
5	Service was excellent!  Food was wonderful. Watching the beautiful water show at the Bellagio across the street while eating dinner was priceless!  Great experience!
3	Serviceable, nice view when outside, but overall the food is just ok. Seems very mass produced which doesn't jive with the price.
4	Love the Chicago one and this one at Paris in las vegas is equally good. Mussels are a great appetizer.
4	Thu/6 Jun ended up here about 9 pm for dinner.- Wait was about 15 minutes to seat our group of 9 out on the al fresco/outdoor area which is nicely situated over the Strip sidewalk.- I had the signature filet mignon which was excellent, as was the service.- One de-merit for the food was that in our group, 4 people (including me) had entrees which included the Mon Ami Gabi fried potatoes strings(?), kind of a cross between really thin french fries and potato chips.  None of us 4 cared for 'em.
4	There's no better place in Vegas for lunch than Mon Ami Gabi. Make sure to ask for a table on the patio to get an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains!
4	Came here with friends a long time ago, the drinks and patio were really fun. Fresh fruit dessert was deeelicious. Recently, I took my boyfriend here before going to see Love and it was good, albeit disappointing. I had a reservation, it wasn't really very busy, and they stuck the two of us right in the middle of the room surrounded by a bunch of families. I dont mind kids or anything like that, but it was weird and we asked to move. Otherwise the food was good, our server was really great.
3	This restaurant, located in the Paris, was just okay.  I had their breakfast a year ago, and it was really good (crepe pancakes). We had lunch this time, and I was underwhelmed. My French Onion soup was bland -- like beef broth poured on bread with melted cheese. My seafood crepe was way too salty. On top of the crepe were 3 shrimp and 2 scallops -- all were over grilled, making them tough and tasteless. The Bloody Mary was just not good. I always finish my drinks, but could not finish this one. I think I will choose the breakfast menu next time I go.
4	Worth the wait! This place is gloriously decorated and the staff is wonderful. I wish the patio was available for reservations. Each and every plate was beautifully executed and delicious. This place lives up to its reputation.
5	it doesnt get any better than this for breakfast!
4	Came on a Sunday morning at 7AM.  I think we were the 3rd group there and the place was practically empty.  But even so, the waiters were prompt and attentive.  We didn't feel like they were hoovering over us making sure our coffee cups were full.  We got an outside table.  It was a clear, blue sky morning and warm.  Not many people walking the strip (probably sleeping in from the night before).  A couple runners here and there.  Ordered:- coffees- croissant sandwich- big skinny pancakes (I think it was a special of the day)- homemade briocheCoffee was great.  Smoother than Starbucks Blonde (as a comparison).  Croissant sandwich was good.  Nothing really special about it.  Skinny pancakes were great.  Never had them before.  With the whip cream and fruit, it was a light n sweet treat to compliment my black coffee.  Never had brioche, so I didn't know what to expect.  But at first sight, it looked like a french toast without the syrup or egg brush.  Just a thick toast basically with a side of butter.  In comparison, to everything we ordered, the brioche was the most bland (maybe that's what it's suppose to be).  Overall, I think the price of the food could be a bit cheaper.  Maybe knock of $2/item on the breakfast menu while keeping the same quality/portions would be fair.  If that were the case, I would compensate by tipping the waiter more.  Detailed Ratings:Service: 5Ambiance/View: 5Food: 4
5	Came here for dinner on Saturday night. Didn't have reservations, but we were seated within 3 minutes (it was past 10:00pm). Silly me - I didn't know about the outside patio, since we came in from the other side. Oh well, next time. So we ended up sitting inside, which was actually better for me, since it was still 92 degrees outside. Things do happen fast here and I did appreciate it. Water was served to us within a minute of seating, loaf of bread within 3 minutes. It's cute how they bring out the bread - warm and wrapped in a paper sleeve like it just came from the bakery. Dinner came out in what seemed like less than 10 minutes - wow! I ordered the Chicken Grandmere - the chicken was cooked perfectly and was delicious mixed with the mashed potatoes, bacon and mushrooms. I just had to savor every bite! Veruka had the Carmelized Sea Scallops. The scallops literally melted in your mouth! She must have liked it because there wasn't a scrap of food left on her plate after a few minutes! We were just about to skip dessert, when I noticed that bread pudding was on the menu, (specifically, White Chocolate Bread Pudding). That is one of my weaknesses, so I had to try it and I wasn't disappointed! Perhaps I should have eaten it a little slower, so I could prolong the experience, but Veruka was complaining that she was tired and wanted to go home. It was a good dinner, and a good way to end the night. Wait staff was pretty attentive and friendly, although I have to admit, I couldn't understand a lot of the stuff that they were saying. Yeah, we'll come here again!Just a note to myself: my new favorite beer is Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout.
5	Had a frangria which was awesome. Also ordered an  oysters platter. Bartender Michael #17 was super! He deserves a raise
1	Very nice place with horribly slow and in attentive service. Both my steak and my wife's scallops were undercooked with the steak being too rare to eat. Pretty disappointing.
5	,We came here for a Monday lunch.  We were serviced right away.  The indoor dining room was empty, but the outdoor and the atrium was quite busy.  Food was excellent.  Steak frites was the best.  Thin steak and crunchy fries were like going back to Paris.  Awesome.  I will definitely be back again.
3	Service - Pretty good and attentiveFood - I love eating here for breakfast because the Eggs Benedict and Poached Eggs dishes are one of the best I've had.My only biggest complaint and they should know this already but every time I get hash browns it's always cold, I always have to ask them to remake it. It seems the hash browns are premade and always kills the breakfast mood. They should know that everyone loves fresh cooked hash browns!!! Overall, still love coming here in the mornings to sit outside the patio for the view of Bellagio and the city center.
5	Delicious and well priced for the quality of the food and the service. It does get VERY busy so make reservations ahead of time and if you're looking for the special call ahead and reserve it or else you run the risk of them selling out.It isn't upscale in dress but it doesn't hurt and PLEASE try their mac & cheese - SO GOOD.
3	This was just OK for us. Good service, but my skate wing fish was really dry and hubby's burger wasn't anything special. He really enjoyed the mac n cheese and I loved the frites, which were more like actual chips than fries.
5	Have loved this restaurant since they opened years ago.  Until I can get back to France, this place allows me to get transported for a couple hours.  Really like the crispy, delicious baguette that gets served in a paper sleeve along with a delicious carrot slaw/salad and softened butter.  Very nice touch.  We loved the chicken liver mousse pate and the escargot.  DH had the kale bacon egg salad - divine!  I had the moules frites - also divine!
5	Excellent food!!The steak au poivre is amazing - but there is not a bad thing on the menu. The service is friendly and prompt, and the food is to die for.  I'll definitely be back next time I am in Vegas.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is consistently delicious. During our stay we had breakfast and dinner there several times, which says a lot. I had a savory crepe for my breakfast and it was just divine. I believe it is a buckwheat crepe, which I love even more.During a dinner visit on our first evening, I had their filet with merlot sauce. Probably a top 5 favorite dish of mine in the USA. The sauce is just amazing. Decadent, a little buttery, soak it up with bread worthy.  Just as good on our last night as it was on our first night and after the bad experience at Prime, fully convinced me that flash and high $-rated restaurants are not important at all.The bread, of course, is always beautifully warm. Their bananas foster crepe is also delicious (I got a few bites in even though some guests at the table were duking it out for prime spoon positioning).Great service, great atmosphere, my favorite place in Vegas.
5	I had their onion soup for the appetizer and their filet mignon with the merlot butter for my entree as recommended by our waiter.  He was on spot and everything was delicious. It was enough to make me realize that I would rather have a nice meal rather than any best buffet Vegas has to offer. I just want a simple meal that is done really well, and Mon Ami Gabi did it well.We were also recommended a white wine from France called the Vouvray that was really amazing for a good price. We were seated outdoors with a great view looking out onto the Bellagio water show.Next time I go to Vegas, I would want to end my trip there again.
5	Great food!  Great service!  Great atmosphere!
5	On a recent 2-night trip to Vegas, we actually ate here twice, once for breakfast and once for dinner.I have to say, this is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere, not just counting Vegas. The deck is worth the wait to watch the fountains, but if you want to enjoy it without the wait, go at breakfast. The interior is just as wonderful at night, so don't feel too disappointed if you sit inside.I do feel that their menu has gotten a little less adventurous since I went for the first time 6 or 7 years ago. But it is still excellent, and surprisingly reasonably priced, given it's premier location.Just a great experience all around.
5	Woohooooo!! Writing this review makes me want to fly to Vegas!Mon Ami Gabi IS Vegas. I dine here every time I leave, just to end my trip with a BANG, after losing money on the slots. The outdoor patio is so romantic, the natural light glistens through the glass over your head, while seated inside a cool fanned room.The seafood is as fresh as it gets. Order the seafood sampler.... So worth it! $50 for jumbo prawns, salmon ceviche, mussels, and more!I've had their Ahi salad as well, and that was excellent! The vibe is not authentic or French, but its very open, relaxing, and that everyone around you in having an enjoyable time. I never make a reservation, who needs one in Vegas when you can put your name on the wait list and head over to the casino for 30 min?
3	When I went, I went with my family but this was a surprise dinner because I had already ate before we got here. So now I wasn't hungry and wanted something light. So I order a salad. This place is very loud. We were seated right next to the kitchen so all you can hear is dishes and glasses being banged together while they were cleaning them. The doors where closed to the patio since it was a cold night, which only made the people talking even louder. You can watch the fountain show from the restaurant, which is always nice. The salad arrives and we all look at each other and look back at the salad. It had nothing on it. A little spoonful of oil or something on the top but other than that, it was leafs. I don't know how much that was but I never seen anything like that. I guess the french are skinny for a reason. We returned it and they then ordered a burger for me. I remember that being good. Just didn't eat a lot of it. French food isn't for me.
5	Had a wonderful 25th birthday dinner here in front of the Bellagio fountains. The steak with ftittes was amazing, as was the cauliflower puree. Highly recommended.
5	Seriously. this has got to be my favorite establishment in all of Vegas. Classy, elegant, not super expensive, and most definitely not snooty. We had a gluten allergy in our party too, and they were super accommodating! The steak is great, the escargot is delicious, but the duck confit has got to be the best thing on the menu. Can't get enough of the duck!
3	I was excited to go here because of the 4 star reviews on Yelp, but ended up disappointed. I ordered the steak and fries. I thought hey, thin cut fries! They'll be sooo crispy, like potato chips! Yay! But in fact, the fries were.. Chewy. I didn't know that you can make potato chewy. As for the steak, it was way too salty for me. I didn't really enjoy my steak or fries. The service was quick and good though.
3	Steak frites have a pesto like butter sauce on them.Very accomodating staff for our 3 children.Quiche is divine, I'm still thinking of it.
5	Very good, excellent service , Steak Frite is outstanding . Mussels are  very good .Excellent location
5	Delicious, great service, fine dining experience ... for a lot less than most vegas restaurants. LOved it
5	We really like Mon Ami Gabi at Paris Casino. They have a great breakfast with ridiculously good people watching from the outdoor patio. Saturday mornings are CLASSIC. Only in Vegas do you see what you will see. We have also had a delicious romantic dinner with excellent wine and Chateau Briand while overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. Always a good experience (put your name in early...I think it is the line to the left!)
4	had filet was exellent had some amazing sauce on it yummer
2	Went for dinner - Service was excellent.Starters were overpriced (escargot - tasty but not worth the cost), sea bass was overcooked and possibly gone bad, - sent back after one bite and didn't bother replacing with a different dish.  Rib eye steak frites had a decent steak but disappointing, thin, unevenly cooked frites.  Loud, dark atmosphere before 8:30pm seemed a bit mis-matched with the vibe the menu was trying to set.  I would still try again for breakfast based on other reviews but wouldn't go back for dinner, even at a discount...
5	Best food on the strip and you can't beat the price. Been here at least a dozen times and have always have had a great meal. Great vibe, the place buzzing like a true Parisian cafe.
4	I had dinner with my mom here on a Friday night around 5:30 and we were seated right away, no wait. Service was great, very friendly ,knew the menu and we never waited long for anything. First they bring you a warm loaf of bread with butter, crusty and soft just like bread should be. We started with the warm goat cheese in marinara with pesto garlic bread, it was delicious and so hard to stop eating . It was a large serving for two.For our mains I had the Vegetable farcis (five) stuffed veggies on a bed of Quinoa and tomato. It was good, not amazing, egg plant was over cooked and the rest of the stuffed veggies were 1 maybe 2 bites. For a side we shared some garlic spinach which was good. My mom had the trout, it had great flavor and she was very happy with what she had. Lastly we shared the profiteroles, a pastry filled with vanilla ice cream and covered with a hot fug sauce. I dont think you can go wrong with that, they were yummy. I would go again and sit out side and enjoy the views, people watching and some good food.
1	Been to this restaurant several times because of the  view.   This time arrived at 8pm and told there was a 2 hour  wait.  After waiting an hour , saw they were sitting people who arrived later with no reservations.  The hostess and manager were very disrespectful and condenscending. Decided to go elsewhere after 90 minutes. 2 other parties that were from other countries were also waiting over 2 hours also and were treated rudely. Maybe they play favorites with their friends.  I will not go there again.
5	My number 1 all time favorite restaurant! If you want the best dining experience, request patio seating and enjoy the bellagio watershow.  Make reservations in advanced, or you may not be able to get in without a very long wait during the weekends! Enjoy!
5	Here's my FAST restaurant review:Food:  Excellent and not overpriced (I ate the trout)Ambiance:  Excellent, I wouldn't necessarily wait the extra time just to sit outside, unless you want the view, which I did, but the fountains at the Bellagio are hard to see through the trees and traffic.  It's a little loud if you're looking for a more quiet, romantic setting.Service:  Excellent.  My wait at 8:30pm was 40min (for outdoor seating).  Once I ordered, my food was out in less than 10min.  The servers were very attentive.Thumbs...up (two!)
5	Excellent service, meal, experience.  On time for our reservation for dinner 6:45 seated promptly just inside the restaurant short of the patio (out of the sun - longest day of the year) across from the Bellagio.  We had cocktails, appetizers - Escargot for the wife, Roquefort Endive salad for me.  She had the Filet Mignon with the wine reduction, I had the special which was a Steak Tartar.  We enjoyed a Bordeux Superior during the meal and a Cafe Latte at the completion.  Dion was very attentive throughout and this was possibly the best meal we enjoyed in Vegas that week.  The decor is a styling of turn of the 19th century old Paris, and we were comfortable for the entire time we languished at our table.  Dinner was around a couple of hundred when you added a tip, definitely worth it and a very fond memory for my wife and I.
5	Great food and great service. I came here last for my stepmom's birthday and everyone was happy with their food. I ordered the french onion soup and a plate of seasonal veggies. I'd like to go again to try the fruit and cheese plate!
5	I forgot something: Mon Ami Gabi has some pretty mighty portions. The dishes are pretty hard to finish on your own, so either share or bring a mighty appetite or prepare to take food back to your hotel. Last time we didn't dine in, so we didn't know that they gave a loaf of warm, crusty baguette. It was very good. I wish we had dined in last time because I really like warm crusty bread.Friend got the quiche lorraine and she only finished half of it. I tried a bit and it was delicious. I got a croque monsieur and it was huge and came with a mountain of ridiculously addicting fries. The only reason I ate those fries was because they tasted like potato chips. Boyfriend got the seafood crepe and then I instantly regretted putting in my own order because his was ridiculously good and it was hard for him to finish anyways. Next time I'm sharing.
5	I came here for a big group of people for my friends birthday! The ambiance was amazing and intimate, but needless to say we were probably the loudest group of teenagers in that restaurant! (no one scolded us for that though). While were were waiting to order dinner, we got loafs of warms & soft bread with butter, and some radish pickle-like dish (with vinegar) that had a great taste!I'd have to say, it is really reasonably priced for this restaurant being located in Vegas and being a fancy French place at that. For dinner, I got the salmon on a bed of quinoa with lemon sauce. It was a delicious piece of salmon and the lemon quinoa went perfectly with it!For dessert, we got some French dessert (any ideas what it is called?) - which was delicious! Overall, great service, food & ambiance! I'd definitely make it back here in the future!
4	Great food. Great atomsphere.  Good for lunch or dinner
5	I really wanted to come here after reading some friends' reviews on yelp.  It was nice that we made a reservation ahead of time so we could skip the wait line, but the wait didn't seem that bad either on a Sunday brunch time.  We got the quiche, a blueberry muffin, and a lobster roll.  The blueberry muffin was okay, would have been better if it was hot.  BUT, the quiche and lobster roll were bombdiggidty.  Large portions too.  Wish I took a picture of the lobster roll, but it came in a "brick toast" with a little pocket at the top with lobster filling stuffed inside.  It was certainly unique and definitely delicious.  Lots of people were ordering the standard ham and cheese sandwhich that you would normally order at a french brunch place, and they looked to be enjoying themselves as well.Can't wait to return!
4	The food is amazziinngggg! kind of pricey but not too bad for french food
5	Love love loved it!  Make sure the make a reservation or come for lunch - or you will be waiting a long time! Our waiter was great; he had good recommendations that we took and loved.  I tried escargot for the first time and had a fish fillet.  My boyfriend had a steak.  Everything was great and it was actually reasonably priced!Try the escargot!!! (You will not regret it).
3	I am not normally a fan of going to the strip to eat. I do however enjoy going here on occasion. I like this restaurant but it always seems cramped and crowded, tough to have a conversation. We arrived and were seated promptly due to having a reservation. Service was on top of getting us drink orders and appetizer round. As an Appetizer we had the warm Brie Cheese. A delightful appetizer that prepares your meal without feeling heavy. The Wife had that Almond trout. She always has this and it never disappoints. I had Gabi's Fish & Frites. Basically fish and chips. This was not what I expexted and was greatly surprised. It is a pan fried trout with Panko crust. I really enjoy their tarter sauce i had to order extra. Overall a great meal despite the cramped feeling during the meal.
5	A cute restaurant at the Paris Resort & Casino for people who are looking for decent French food, without heading to France. The ambiance is very French, as it is set up like an authentic French Bistro with beautiful high ceilings and mirrors around the leather booths. I loved the feel of the place and was excited to try the food. We decided on this place because Kelly and I decided to treat ourselves to some steak frites after a night of partying... and let me tell you, it was the best idea ever. Luckily for us, we were able to get a table seated outside so that we could enjoy watching the Bellagio fountains. It was nice to sit outside like we were at a cafe! The wait here can get pretty long, but I guess it also depends on where you want to sit, and how many people are you in your party. The service here was excellent and the food was delicious. The portion was so big that I was able to take some back to my room and finish it later. We both enjoyed our experience here and I can't wait until I can make it back again! Thanks for such a pleasant experience Gabi, you truly are Mon Ami!
5	Never had a bad meal or server at this place....prices are reasonable for the quality of food...I have never left this place hungry....in fact I am always very full.....Some of my favorite dishes...Ham and Cheese CrepeCroque MonsieurCheeseburgerBaked goat cheese with tomato sauceCan't wait to try brunch!
1	We choose Mon Ami Gabi for our anniversary dinner tonight.  I made reservations way in advance via open table.  My husband went a full hour before our reservation so we could get a table on the patio.  He hates to wait in general so he tipped the hostess Hilina ten bucks to be seated faster.  She totally took his money and made no effort whatsover to get us in any faster.  We waited the exact same amount of time as everyone else.  It is my opinion that if she couldn't get us in any faster she shouldn't of accepted the tip.  It set a very bad tone for dinner and it never got any better. :(
5	Best service, view, and food!
5	I have eaten here once so far and it was excellent.  The steak was cooked exactly right for my taste and was so tender.  The mashed cauliflower (almost like baby food) side dish was really tasty.  We loved our server, Sean.  Even though the restaurant was very busy, Sean was always there for us.  We sat right by the opening to the outside tables, facing the water show at Bellagio so we had entertainment, too.  It all made for a very enjoyable dining experience.  We look forward to returning for a different meal so we can try other menu items.
4	This restaurant is in a great location, right across from the fountains, and has the French sidewalk cafe feel.  The French onion soup was very tasty, a bit sweeter than most, which was fine and lots of cheese, which is great.  The escargot was good, with enough butter anything tastes good.  The skate was a very good entree choice but the filet mignon was over cooked, such as a shame.  The desserts were excellent as you would expect, the creme brulee and the profiteroles.  Overall I would have given them a 5 as the ambiance, location, appetizers, and desserts were all a 5 but the entrees, filet in particular, were a 3.
3	Always a reliable go to in Vegas. Their Baramundi over grilled asparagus was excellent, not a regular on the menu. Normally comes with a chickpea puree; however, I'm not a big fan of chickpea puree so I asked for the grilled asparagus and the wait staff was so nice to accommodate.
5	Everything we ordered here was delicious. The area where you enter looked desolate which almost turned us away, but the patio and "glass room" were fully occupied. Delicious bacon quiche and french onion soup at reasonable prices for the strip.
5	One of my favorite restaurants on the strip. Their steaks are incredible, the fries are delectable, and the PROFITEROLES! LOVE THEM.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a beautiful restaurant, and there is certainly no shortage of people. If you don't make a reservation, it'll be very hard to get a table in a reasonable amount of time. The restaurant itself is decorated beautifully, and the outdoor dining overlooks the Bellagio fountains, which is an added bonus.I started with the escargots, which were very mediocre. Escargots are quite literally my favorite food, so I'm quite the connoisseur when it comes to them. They tasted fine, but they didn't have much flavor. They were definitely forgettable. 5.5/10.For my entre, I had the Filet Mignon Merlot. It was very flavorful and the red wine reduction was delicious. The frites were tasty, and very different. I thoroughly enjoyed this, and it was excellent quality. 9/10.Service was excellent throughout the night, and everyone was very polite. The entire waitstaff was very helpful and they clearly cared about their customers.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is our favorite restaurant in Vegas! My husband and I have been married for six years, and every year on our anniversary, we go to Mon Ami Gabi. The food is always excellent, the staff tries to seat us in the specific area that we prefer, and they are one of the best prepared restaurants as far as dealing with my husband's wheat allergy goes. We plan on continuing to celebrate our anniversaries here for years to come!
4	Food was good. Awesome service. Great view of the water show at the Bellagio
2	First, you go here for the view of the Bellagio fountains. Which is really good if you get a table outside and can stand the heat.As for the food, been here 3 times and the food is way over priced for the quality.  Had eggs benedict last time and the muffins were flat and there was very little sauce. Bloody mary was just ok. Service was good, but if you want a meal with your view of the fountains, try somewhere else.
3	Atmosphere- and ambiance-wise this is a great spot in the center of the Las Vegas Strip for people watching and feeling as if you are a true tourist; however, the meals aren't extraordinary for the price.  As my chef friends have mentioned, this is a "turn-and-burn" type of restaurant.  If you are a true foodie, you would understand.
5	Breakfast is the best on the strip, and Dinner with the fountains in the back round is one of the best views in vegas. This is a must go to spot on the strip,  Reasonable prices for the strip
5	Your typical French fare, which is always delicious. Service was top notch. Only eaten here for breakfast. Had steak frittes and french onion soup. Was delish.
4	Yes, french toast and OJ
3	Make a reservation before you come here.  We made that mistake and waited about an hour for a table.  If you are looking for a nice and quite place to catch up with a friend or have a romantic dinner, this is not your place.  This place is actually pretty loud.Service here was impeccable.  Our waters were always filled and the server check on us often to see if we need anything.  They have a good system going on and it is working well!Items ordered:French Onion Soup - OMG....this soup is soooooooo good.  This is a must try!Steak Bearnaise - Steak was okay.  I think I rather have a big chuck on steak than having a thin slice.  Although it was think, it was still cook to perfection.  The sauce that came with it was okay only.  This dish also came with Pomme Frites which was pretty good.Grilled Asparagus - nothing special... just grilled asparagus.Nice place to dine but I just gotta remember to make reservations the next time I come to try different items on the menu.
5	Great place for steak without spending an arm and a leg like Ruth Chris or Morton's.  We request to be seated outside in front of the restaurant so we can see the Bellagio water show. Waited was less than 15mins on a Monday around 7pm. This place gets super jammed packed but i guess we just happen to beat the crowd and got seated very fast.  Very friendly staff and noticed each server had its own assigned duty, from being a waiter, to a busier to bread & water guy.  Service is very fast yet still able to maintain that upscale class.  I swear i saw around 30 servers just in the outside patio area. Now comes down to the food:Complementary fresh bagget with homemade slivers of beets.  Bread and butter is great and the Beets are awesome which complements the bread very well. I hate beets in the first place but they tasted like apples. I tried the Steak Au Poivre with the Brandy Peppercorn sauce which is awesome and very tasty. Also tried the Hanger steak with the Merlot Butter which was to die for.  Hands down on the sauce as it complements the steak very well.  Classic Bearnaise Sauce pretty good too but I'd prefer the Merlot butter sauce instead. In my opinion,  Mash potatoes were delicious and I would substitute it instead of the Frites because they go a little over board on it.  Reminds of a over cooked shredded hash brown. There is no dress code, but people that are dressed up are usually placed inside while the casual wear customers were placed outside. I'd definitely my make rounds back her for a nice dinner out in the patio watching the Bellagio water show.
5	So freaking good. Sangria amazing! Escargots delicious, onion soup amazing, scallops I could eat all day! Fresh bread at the table still warm!!! I love this place!
5	My friend and I wanted to enjoy a very nice dinner without having to spend a ridiculous amount of money. Mon Ami Gabi was the perfect place. The atmosphere inside was that of a classy steakhouse. As an appetizer, we ordered the chicken liver mousse, which was very tasty. Definitely more mousse than a party of two could handle, though. My friend ordered the steak classique, which came with an herb butter, and pom fritte. She loved the steak, but wasn't excited over the pom fritte. She said it tasted like she was eating fancy potato chips. I ordered the chicken grandmere, and it was absolutely DELICIOUS! I usually don't eat the skin, but you could see how perfectly this half chicken was cooked that it was a must to experience the full flavor of the dish. The chicken came with creamy mashed potatoes and a sauteed mix of pearled onions, mushrooms, roasted garlic, and bacon (the real deal chunky bits of bacon)! While eating the chicken I was surprised to find roasted garlic, mushroom and rosemary tucked beneath the skin of the chicken to add even more flavor to the already tasty meat. Overall, our meal was wonderful! The chicken entree was $20.95, and the steak classique was $24.95. For those who like chicken liver pate, $10.95 for a large portion is what you'll pay. This was a wonderful, affordable steakhouse restaurant, and I will more than likely return on my next visit to Vegas.
5	Great view from water show
5	Great food, service and value! Their salmon dish is delishous!
5	Amazing as usual
4	ive been to this restaurant twice and have had spectacular meals both times. Their flank stanks are their specialty. I have had two different steaks and both have been delicious. Having a table right on the strip looking across at the bellagio water fountain paired with the dim lighting of the restaurant makes it a great place to take someone on a nice date. The only down side of this restaurant has been the staff. Both times i have been disappointed with my server. Just somewhat rude and not coming by the table enough times to refill water and bread, etc
5	Mon Ami Gabi has got to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, and is definitely my favorite on the strip! Every time I have eaten here I have had a great experience. I have eaten here so many times that I have tried a lot of different dishes. I love their French Onion Soup and how they bring other soups to your table in a kettle and pour them in your bowl in front of you. I never have to wait too long for a table, and the service is always great as well. Mon Ami is also worth the money, and it is reasonably priced for being on the strip. If you want a great meal with a good atmosphere, I really recommend trying Mon Ami.
5	So many casino restaurants are a crap chute.  High prices, seemingly lovely menus....but then you get your food and you're like "WTF, I'm paying how much for this?!".Mon Ami Gabi is a breath of fresh air. Located at the very front of Paris, it's the perfect spot for a casual lunch OR a romantic dinner.  Great for big groups, but also comfy if you're dining solo. The menu has something for everyone, the wine list is decent and the service is top notch. But best of all (two things):1. The food is incredible 2. The prices are reasonable All of the steak frite are delicious.  Cooked exactly as your order and the beef is so tender and so flavorful.  The kale and bacon salad is to die for.  The duck l'orange and asparagus soup (both specials the day we visited) were two of the best things we've ever tasted. We love Mon Ami Gabi!
5	My favorite place to eat in Vegas!  Sit outside on the patio at night with the Bellagio fountains going off.  It feels like Vegas but doesn't.I usually order the Filet and get a side of Asparagus or a salad.  This most recent visit I tried the Chicken Paillard which was so good.  Great wine list.  It's always busy!  The trick is to make reservations, which they don't take for the patio cause it's first come first serve, and then when you get there to check in tell them that you are interested in sitting outside if possible.I've always had great service there whether it be on a hot date or with a group of girlfriends for a birthday.
4	Great stop on our corned beef hash vision quest around Vegas.Nice French atmosphere, great patio, good Corned Beef Hash but smaller portions.
5	This has become our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  The food, service and ambiance is first class.  We have dined outside on the rail, and most recently under the patio.  Always a beautiful view of the Bellagio, and is definitely very romantic.  Would highly recommend this restaurant to everyone!!
4	You should try the bone in ribeye steak with fries.... The locating is amazing and also they have they have great selection of wines...
5	Yummy food, Holly is the best server in the world!!!!
3	Gatsby-esque dining by the pavilion area. Hmm, Chocolate-Hazelnut Waffle, Eggs Florentine, Lemon Pancakes or Quiche Lorraine? Options like these, it had my foodie mojo pumped. But the high wore off into a malaise as I got into the second hour. But is it the restaurant's fault, or my wife's?We finished our breakfast, but as implied, my wife wanted more. Could the Brioche be better at the "Paris Las Vegas" than it is back home? Verdict: Brioche really not that good, really didn't melt in my mouth like really fluffy versions of it do. Not nearly good as good as Los Angeles or San Francisco standards. Plus, because of my wife, I had to wait 40 extra minutes for order, eat and exit. Drove me nuts. Is there a wisdom to be gained here? Such as: Don't let wife order extra meal. I dunno, I'm so over "Paris." But put on "Funny Face" (1957) with Audrey Hepburn on my DVD and I'm enchanted with life all over again. #crabbywhiteguy
5	7/4/13  DinnerMy third time dining at Mon Ami Gabi doesn't disappoint. For a French steak restaurant on the Strip, this place offers great food at a great value. My party of 4 arrived promptly for 6:30pm reservation. Surprisingly we were offered the option of indoor dining or the patio outside overlooking Bellagio fountain across the street. Patio is usually first come-first serve but on a 108F day we just didn't feel like eating outside. Plus all the hustle-and-bustle on the street.Server was friendly, ready to make cocktail suggestion. Despite being very busy for 4th of July, service was not pushy at all. We spent almost a cocktail's time looking over the big menu, which features grain-fed Mid-West beef.*Paris Romance ($12): a rum base cocktail with a tinge of lemoncello. *Grey Goose Cosmopolitan ($14): just the way I like it, a slightly more vodka compared to cranberry juice, fresh lime (there's pulp) a beautiful pinkOur table goes for beef since this is a classic French bistro specializes in meat.*Chicken Liver Mousse Pate ($10.95): the tangy red wine mustard goes really well with the very creamy liver spread on warm toast. It really set the mood of dinner for the evening.*Filet Mignon Merlot ($34.95): very tender, almost like Wagyu, beef seared to a medium-rare pink, with a butter/red wine reduction. I've had Harris's filet mignon and loved it. But Mon Ami Gabi is just as juicy, and every bite of meat is "even." This is one of the best filet mignon I have had. The handcut frites are warm crispy, with the texture of sliced potato chips. They give you so many that I couldn't finish.*Steak Classique ($24.95): a slimmer cut sirloin steak served with house-special herb butter. My BF also had it medium rare and it was pink like mine. He did better with the frites and licked the plate clean.*Steak Au Poivre ($25.95): probably the strongest tasting steak on our table, served with a brandy peppercorn sauce. Our dining companion also opted her sirloin medium rare. I was very impressed at the overall consistency in how their meat was prepared here. *Prime Cheeseburger ($12.95): with blue cheese. This is a Mon Ami Gabi's classic and they charge the same price as for lunch. Medium cooked beef patty served on a brioche bun. Instead of fries, my dining companion got French green beans on the side. We concluded the meal with warm chocolate torte and assorted sorbet. The whole experience---food, service, drinks, and decor, is top-notch but you pay decent prices for it. It's one of the best value on the Strip. Make sure you have a reservation. I always have dinner here when I'm in Vegas.
3	French food is usually awesome.  While Mon Ami Gabi is a good restaurant because it serves good French food, I wouldn't go out of your way to come here if in Vegas.  I live in Boston and every French place I've been to there is better than Mon Ami Gabi.  A French place with no duck on the menu?  Never seen that before.  Look for something else because you can do French better almost anywhere else.  That being said, it is still serviceable French food and a worthy option if you are in a bind and looking for a nice restaurant at a fairly reasonable price (for Vegas).
4	A Vegas favorite for the wife and I. Our recommendation - shed the Vegas bustle and pretend you are in Paris. Grab a seat outside, a bottle of French white wine, and then just graze your way through the menu and people watch. Escargot, artisan cheeses, muscles accompanied by a fresh French baguette. You can't beat it. The one thing I must call out is the beef tartar... Honestly, the best I have ever had. Plus, you get a generous portion. I suggest a red Rhone to accompany it. Bon appetite!
2	Went for a birthday for steak and frites.. low quality food a ton of fries but steak was not that great i could cook betterAlso its busy and I am not sure its overpriced and bad quality its a tourist trap spend your money elsewhere but the drink stand in front of paris is great!! strongest cheap booze
2	Great beer selection, decent food, but BEWARE!!! Don't wear sleeveless. Even if its 110 degrees outside and they sit you outside... They won't let you in, or they will give you an XXL white tee to wear. Boy did I feel embarrassed, but wanted to try the place so I just sat there looking like I came out a hip hop video... got my WHITE TEEEEEE! yee yee! Nothing worth talking about with the food, but the beer selection was good. Its vegas, a lot of other good places to eat.
4	Long wait, Good Food, Great Spot.My food wasn't bad or great. Not memorable which sometimes can be a good thing. French Fries were pretty good though. :)
1	I wrote this review while eating at the restaurant on my phone just in case i forgot the details of how bad the food was.... perhaps it was just us failed at ordering and we shouldn't have listened to the waiter because whatever the waiter recommended was NOT good at all. The fish and chips were 20 dollars and it's not on the menu. The french fries tasted like deep fried oilly potato skins and the fish was pan-fried without seasoning  (very plain...and I don't think its fresh either).  the Cobb salad has a weird taste that gave me a bad after taste (ew...hate it so much). So I couldn't help but to stare at everyone else's food surrounding our table and wondering what an epic fail that we picked the worst dishes on the menu and off the menu.... .... So the bill came out to be 53 dollars for fish&chips/cobb salad/2 coffee. Anyways, the only comforting thing was that the host and another waiter were very friendly and helped us to get situated at a better table than the original one that we were suppose to be seated at. So overall, please do not order Cobb salad and fish&chips... Because you really don't want to waste your money on those two seriously not delicious (I am trying hard not to use the word that starts with the letter D...) dishes..and I have to say its not only the worst restaurant I have been to in Vegas, but the worst food experience I have ever had (and i'm NOT exaggerating) Service : 4 stars Food: ZERO star if that was an optionHere is a picture of how those two dishes look like... they look okay but tast D_____G.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=z3izxU7Eckk67LFAP1pTVg&userid=S8lmPHaZK1RoSc5gtaZtWw
5	I only had breakfast here last weekend and it was very very very good! I had the eggs benedict, 2 mimosas and a coffee...and of course this is a French bistro, I HAD to try their baguettes...which did NOT disappoint! Our waiter was fast, friendly and we had no clue that it was his first day on the job! (He told us after we finished and paid). Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be stopping here to enjoy another glorious meal.
5	nice view n yummy breakfast choice
4	Absolutely superb bread! I think the baguette and butter could have sufficed as a meal, for me. The steak au poivre was large, tender, succulent and peppery enough for my taste. The crunchy frites served with it I'm not really a fan of, essentially because of the texture. If your palate is not sensitive to crunchy food then I see no reason why you shouldn't enjoy them. Service was excellent; received multiple re-fills of water with my meal, and later, coffee (re-fills free, too).  Staff is very attentive, overall.
5	A fantastic place right across the street from the Bellagio Fountains. There is a patio area where you basically have mezzanine seats to the fountain show. On hot days (so half the year pretty much), they have these mist-ers that make sure you're not melting in the sun.We came one Sunday mid-afternoon, looking for some nourishment after a uh...late night. We found the food, service, and value to all be superb. A much welcomed respite after two days of straight buffets.The onion soup is a must. It feels like there's a whole onion and a whole block of cheese in the soup, in the best way possible. Certainly not for the faint of heart. I also really, really enjoyed my kale salad (with a poached egg on top!). The steak frites my friends ordered were huge in portions, and were actually really well-cooked.Overall, this place is amazing value for its price. A french restaurant with really tasty food on the strip with a view of the Bellagio fountains?! That's hard to beat.
4	loved the filet mignon! so tender and juicy!!! :)
5	Excellent!! We had the brie appetizer and filet mignon.  Best steak I have ever had!!  Great location too - ask to sit outside to see the Bellagio fountains.  Very reasonably priced too. Highly recommend!!
4	Patio Seating with view of the Belllagio water show...well worth the additional 20min wait.  Food was fantastic.  Meat was spot on and those fries - oh those fries: YUM!
4	Great steak and view!We request to be seated outside and since it's evening, not hot at all, not mention the strong air con! As we three are not very hungry, we ordered salad, filet steak and daily fish, which are really tasty.
1	I made a reservation for 5 (two of my friends heard me) When we for there they had us down for 4. They WOULD NOT accommodate us by adding another chair to our table, even if it was their mistake.  The hostess was unapologetic and said we would have to wait 45 minutes for a table for 5. We took the table for 4 as we were going to see a show later.  My husband went to pick up the tickets and when he returned our waiter was very nice and prepared a place for him. We were able to secure an extra  chair from an adjacent table.  The front staff was rude and I could not believe the poor customer service! If the food was excellent I might have forgiven the rude greeting, but unfortunately the food was mediocre.  Only saving grace  was our waiter.
4	One of my favorite breaky spots on the strip - everything on the breakfast menu is delicious and pairs nicely with a mimosa. The lunch and dinner menu are very tasty as well but a little too rich for my taste- lot of heavy creams and sauces.The outdoor dining is perfect as long as it's fall/spring (during the summer I'd only be out there in the morning/night). Great for people watching too if you just want to hang out with a friend a grab a snack.Service is great- water glasses always full and food brought quickly.
5	Location! Location! Location!Stopped by for breakfast at 7:45 AM on a Sunday and although we had a reservation through Open Table, we likely didn't need one at that time.Our son had the waffles, my wife had Crepes, and I had the smoke salmon plate. The food was fresh, high quality, and looked great. The taste was above average.The main reason you'd eat here is for the LOCATION on the strip. Plenty of people watching and you're right in front of the Bellagio Fountains. It also gives you a break from the buffets. Although the place is casual, men can't wear tank tops or sleeveless shirts. No problem -- they gave me a plain white shirt (which look far worse in my opinion).Overall, A MUST to eat at this place when in Vegas!
1	We come to this restaurant quite a bit for breakfast every time we are in Vegas about 5 times a year. They have this ridiculous dress policy that men cannot wear sleeveless shirts but women can. I personally believe this is very sexist and pretentious. This is Las Vegas for god's sake! It gets hot here people! I understand maybe for dinner but not for breakfast! they give you the option to wear a cheap plain white crew neck t shirt (only avail XLarge mind you). Half of the women sitted at the patio that morning were wearing sleeveless clothes. Never coming back here again and will surely spread this word whenever I can!
4	Bon. Le potatoe mash est bon avec chives. I've had better croissants for less money but, the nice environment made up for it.
5	Consistently delicious, fresh food. Greatest setting on the strip. You can sit outside and watch the action walk right by. The outdoor seating is raised up, so lookie-loos and other freaks can't make eye contact with you or jump the rail! It's pricey, but this is one place where you get what you pay for. Terrific service and high quality drinks from the bar. Don't come to Vegas without hitting this place!
5	What a great restaurant! Inside and out has great ambiance! We made a reservation for dinner and were seated inside but were just at the big open doors for the patio with a view of the strip and Bellagio, great spot!!! Our table enjoyed the Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce), Filet Mignon Merlot (butter, red wine reduction) and Steak Bearnaise. Everything was delicious but my personal fav was the Filet Mignon Merlot, delicious and highly recommend!!!! We substituted our side for the Whipped Cauliflower and the Sauteed Mushrooms, both excellent choices!!!!
5	What can I say that 2800 people haven't already said in their reviews? Christy G. and I always try to dine at Mon Ami Gabi when we're in Vegas, and every visit has been spectacular. For one, the service is always impeccable. The location can't be beat, with an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains and truly top notch people watching. I particularly like watching the drunk bambi-legged girls ("weenie wobbles") trying not to fall in their too-high heels :) Or even worse, the ones holding their heels and walking down Las Vegas Blvd in their blackened bare feet *shudder*The Onion Soup au Gratin ($9.95) is a definite must-have. The broth is rich and savory, packed with perfectly soaked baguette slices and caramelized onions, and topped with about a pound of melted gruyere. I crave this soup even when it's triple digits outside; it's that good. Another staple is the Filet Mignon Merlot ($34.95), which comes with a merlot infused butter and a red wine reduction. The filet (medium rare for me) is always perfectly cooked and melts in your mouth. I don't personally care for the frites that everyone raves about, but they've always been super accommodating about switching it out for another side at a small upcharge. I've had the pommes puree, garlic spinach, sauteed mushrooms, and the macaroni au gratin - all amazing. I'm always way too stuffed for dessert, so I won't comment on those. They also have a pretty substantial wine list, and about two dozen wines by the glass. And if you stop by for brunch, the build your own Bloody Mary cart is a godsend! Bottom line: don't miss out; this place is amazing! Ask for a table on the patio and come hungry!
5	Love this place - atmosphere is wonderful and food is always great!
5	Just returned home from my trip to Vegas and felt compelled to write this review.  I stayed at the Bellagio across the street, and I dined at numerous places during my 4 days there.Mon Ami was the best.  Service was top notch; staff all friendly, thoughtful,  knowledgable, and made excellent suggestions.Food was delicious, steaks were much better than those I had at much pricier haunts (such as "vooDoo"),  and the view of the fountains was spectacular.  I ate here 3 times in 2 days (2 breakfast, 1 dinner), and sitting in the morning shade while drinking coffee and watching the fountains be test-fired is one of my best memories of my visit to Vegas.
5	Love, Love, Love their escargot, mussels and seafood crepe!! definitely better than many Zagat-rated seafood/ steakhouse! Onion soup was too sweet though...Definitely coming back.
5	As a Vegas Local, this is my FAVORITE people watching, fountain watching, bottle of wine spot.  My niece and I go about every 6 months and find a great table on the outside patio.  We steal away from our 'daily reality' and have a wonderful, relaxing lunch and afternoon.  We usually have all or some of these fine choices: French Onion Soup, Warm Brie Cheese, the fantastic Frisee Kale and egg salad, warm olive jar, three cheeses...and so on. Add a couple bottles of "Red" and let the day happen.  I have eaten dinner outside on the Patio a couple times: wonderful Salmon, and fantastic scallops. SERVICE - FOOD- ATMOSPHERE - ALL 5 STARS, over and over.
5	My lobster salad sandwich was awesome....  Would definitely dine here again...
5	Dinner Review:I love this place!!FOOD: Daily oysters were so delicious. So fresh, juicy, and oh so slurpy haha. They were medium-sized oysters. Duck Confit was impressive. The meat was so tenderly cooked, it just flaked off when you pick at it. It had some dried fruit with balsamic vinegar, together they tasted amazing, but separately, the fruit was extremely tangy. The duck meat was sooo juicy and savory. Frisee and Bacon Salad was really good. It had more of a crunchy texture with a poached egg on top. It was so simple, yet so flavorful. It was a nice addition to add to your meal. It was very light.Bone-In Ribeye was cooked perfectly to our liking. Seasoned very well. A perfect steak is when it's seasoned so well, you don't need any sauce, and this is it. It was so moist and flavorful. It came with thinly sliced fried potatoes that added a nice flair to the dish. I was thoroughly impressed with every dish we ordered!SERVICE:  Service here is amazing. The waiters and waitresses are so nice and attentive. We had a show to catch and was on a time constraint- but they were so quick to serve all the food on time and gave you the check quickly without pressure. AMBIENCE:  For dinners, I recommend coming early so you can snag a nice spot in the patio. You will have amazing view of the Bellagio Fountains! If the sun is out, you may get a little sunburn and sweaty though...  Indoors was really cute too. The decor is very french-like. Bon appetit!
3	Food was Ok, nothing too special, but what really annoyed me and my group was that our waiter was extremely rude. Also, one of the steaks arrived cold!
4	No one is more amazed than me at the fact that I am writing a four-star review for this restaurant. Normally, I hate most things Vegas. Normally, I avoid chain restaurants (kind of hard to do on the Strip anymore). But last week, I ate here and it was exactly what the doctor ordered.KEEP IN MIND - I had a late lunch here -- maybe 1 or 2:00. There was no line for me to wait through. My dining room was nearly empty, with only 2 other tables occupied. We were all thoughtfully seated far from each other. It was exactly what my over-taxed little pea-brain needed on that hot day -- somewhere dark and quiet where I could have a leisurely, quality lunch with attentive service.Location was great. Level of noise was low and appropriate. Serve was attentive. Quality (and quantity) of food was high. I would go back.
4	this place is lovely! i want to meet this friend, Gabi. haha :Pit's so homey, great food, great service.the waffles SOUNDED perfect - the ideal crisp and soft sounds. beautiful. TASTED just as good as I was expecting. i'm excited just writing about it.a great way to start the day - hungover or not ;)it can get pretty busy it seems and outdoor seating is packed. i would definitely come back!
4	overall, a great experience. We were there on Bastille day, and we really appreciatedthe service, the bistro menu. The desserts are just amazing. I would have expected more choice on the menu though.
3	I came here right before I was about to leave for Vegas for lunch. The outdoor seating at the time was pretty crowded so we opted for inside seating since the wait was only a few minutes. The ambiance here is nice and seems upscale, but everyone is wearing shirts and shorts. At the time I had shorts and a bro tank on. You CANNOT wear a tank here if you are a guy! They will make you put this ridiculously large white shirt on. I matched the damn tablecloth... It's a good thing I don't get embarrassed easily, but I did think it was dumb to not allow tanks during lunch. I understand dinner, but not lunch.===Service===Since we had a little mishap with the shirts the service here lacked as well. They probably figured a group of Asians coming in and not even wearing the proper attire won't tip much. They took forever to come and take our order or to give us bread. Everyone else around us was getting great service except us. Poor customer service.===Food===Steak classique: Steak frites with a maitre d'hotel butter. The steak was very reasonably priced for the size. It was larger than I expected and for the most part it was tender. The butter was green and I'm assuming it was blended with parsley and some other greens to give it that color. The butter was surprisingly flavorless. I had to add some salt and pepper to give it more flavor. The fries were more of thinly sliced potatoes, but they retained way too much oil. They definitely didn't take out the additional oil on the fries. The dish was good for the price in my opinion. The flavor was the thing that killed it for me though. 3/5Average food with a nice ambiance in Vegas. There's too many other places with good food in my opinion. Most likely won't come back here.
5	First off the food was delicious, but secondly our service was phenomenal.My friends and I dined at Mon Ami on a Tuesday morning (about 11 AM). We were seated in an area that was kind of outside, but also inside (because they had all the glass windows open to the outside dining area). I was quite pleased with out seating because it afforded us a view of the outside, but kept us from the literal "street-view" of the Strip. Our server was a congenial lovely woman who definetely has a knack for serving and making her guests feel at ease. Throughout the entire meal she refilled coffees, brought Diet Pepsis out without us having to ask, and truly made an effort to romanticize our lovely French dining experience.We started our meal with the Escargot, which were swimming in a potent pesto and garlic sauce. The snails' texture was spot-on, not chewy, simply a good mouth-feel, and the garlic, while very prevalent, added to the escargot, it did not distract.My Onion Soup was served with the appetizer and I was fairly happy with the soup. I thought though it had a bit too much of a sweet taste for my liking. The crouton and cheese ratio was a bit off, with there being a just a *tad* too much cheese. I almost felt bad leaving some of it in my cup, but I had really had enough of it as I got toward the end of the cup.As for my main dish I stuck with a classic - Quiche Lorraine. The flavors were mixed well - not too much of any ingredient, and the crust was classic - flaky, but not too crunchy or over-baked. Perfect for a quiche. The quiche around the outside was a bit dry, but as you moved inward it became a much better mix of eggs and cheese. I ended with the Chocolate Mousse - a refreshingly light dessert, yet it is chocolate so it has that little bit of decadence you want with a dessert. It has little crunchy Kit-Kat like chocolate balls on top of it and is served with some amazing whipped cream on the side. I also sampled my friend's chocolate tart and believe me, that dessert is absolutely worth every penny. I sampled the Bananas Foster from my other friend's plate that too was absolutely delicious.Overall I must say Mon Ami had good food with just a few minor flaws, but the pristine service made up for it. 5 Stars indeed.
5	this place is packed during dinner and breakfast, call for a reservation in advance if you can. if you can catch a seat on the patio, go for it-- the restaurant is right across form the fountains, so it's cool to catch a show while you eat. The food is reasonably priced and cooked to perfection. I had the filet mignon for dinner, it was juicy and tender. Steaks come w/ a side of fries, which were so so, there are other side options but they cost extra. Service was superb. Our waiter was attentive and very friendly. He made us feel as if we were regulars.. it's rare to get that kind of service anywhere! Highly recommended!
3	THe setting is nice and if you hit the right time and table you can see the Bellagio fountain.  As for my food, I am giving this an okay.  The escargot was actually pretty good.  If rating on just that I would give it a 4 star.  I enjoyed dipping the bread into the escargot olive oil.  Yum.  However, for my main course I got a steak. MEH...Definitely not very good.  It's a very thin cut of steak, kind of chewy (not in a good way) and the seasoning was lacking.  What a shame.  I expected more....
5	It has been years since my husband and I ate here with a group of friends, but I still remember it as a wonderful dining experience.  The room was vibrant and current; the atmosphere was fun, but sophisticated, the restaurant itself was busy and bustling.  Excellent food and good wine list.  I wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant, for both groups and romantic dinners.
4	This place is wonderful, you don't expect to find something that feels this authentic in LV. We had no wait (we sat inside), promptly seated. Our server was a warm and friendly little cutie :)Their bread is realllllly good, watch out not to fill up. I ordered two apps for my entree, the scallops and the mussels. PERFECT. Seafood was fresh and succulent, the glass of chard I had to accompany was really lovely too. The atmosphere feels cozy like a french bistro even though it's enormous. I really liked this place, would definitely return :)
5	Eat at Mon Ami Gabi at your own risk- it will ruin you for every other high-end restaurant in Vegas. From the food quality and preparation to the service to lovely wine list to the extremely reasonable prices, everything here is extraordinary. In our three days in vegas we ate here twice. The patio is great if you want to watch the fountains, but we enjoyed the inside just as much.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is always busy.  Make advance reservations and be sure to be on-time. Patio seating is available but it's first come first serve.  It's a great view of the Bellagio Hotel and the Fountains of Bellagio.  During the warm season, you're cooled off with water mist that actually dries up before getting on your body.  Each time I visit, the service has always been good. I love the complimentary loaf of bread that's served to you in a bag.  So warm and fresh. I've had the Hanger Steak and the Steak Bordelaise.  Both dishes were delicious but sad to say that this last visit I ordered my hanger steak medium and it came out well done.  I was too hungry to return it that I just ate it.  The steaks are accompanied with frites AKA french fries and this time around my plate had raw watercress.  I was not a fan of this bitter watercress.  I guess I prefer to have it cooked instead.  My dining experience has always been a positive one.
5	Been to Mon Ami Gabi several times and I have to say that everything has always been excellent.Food is excellent and flavors have always been very consistent.You cant beat the price for the quality that your getting.If you get the opportunity to sit on the patio in the evening, it brings everything together.
4	My sister and I ate here for breakfast the morning of her birthday. The waffles were okay - kinda tough. We definitely enjoyed the veggie quiche, though! YUM! The coffee and service were great, too! And they brought out a little cream puff with ice cream and a candle on it for her special day. :)If you arrive early enough or during a lull you should be able to grab a seat on the patio and enjoy the view.
4	I will back next time in Vegas! I had the best experience here. Wonderful service, explanations and recommendations. So glad I listened to my waiter because I had the best dinner overlooking the Bellagio fountains. My dinner started with a baguette, butter, and glass of rose sparkling wine. The fountains were dancing and the music playing. Can this get any better? YES! The merlot filet mignon arrived with a glass of Bordeaux. I wasn't a fan of the stringy pomme frites- only the ones that were soaked in the merlot sauce- so I ordered a side of spinach. The waiter comped it since I didn't like the pomme frites. I had the best dinner alone I have ever had- I didn't have to focus or have a conversation but to focus on every bite and enjoy the view. Spectacular location and super romantic - will have to bring my husband back.
5	This place is amazing. Get the escargot and a steak with some nice wine.  Perfect romantic dinner with the wife last time we were in Vegas.Tip: if you don't want to wait the extra time to get an outside seat to see the water show, ask for a table inside but near the window. We had a perfect seat to see the show, but also had air conditioning!10/10 will go back EVERY time I'm in Vegas.
5	As if this place needs another review. Ill do it anyways. Amazing service despite the crazy crowdedness! Highly highly recommend reservations (just do it right now on yelp thru opentable!) or else you face a 2 hour wait on weekend nights. Food is ridiculously good and not overhyped. Very clean simple dishes that are executed perfectly. Not pretentious at all. Must try's: steak and frites, chicken paillard, soup du jour, bread pudding.Yummilicious factor - A+
3	i would have given this restaurant 5 stars, but i cant because they dont seem to have basic restaurant manners. dined 07/28 8:00pm#1. reservation was at 7:30pm - bf and i arrived at 7:15. waitress tells us that they are extremely busy, so even with a reservation, we need to wait 20~30 min past 7:30. OK b*tch, whats the point of calling a week ahead for reservations, if i need to wait. restaurants shouldnt over-book peak times. #2. our server came back twice. once to take our order and once to ask if we wanted dessert. never came with diet coke.#3. the lady next to us huffs and puffs into the table, she was in an extremely crappy mood bc she thought a corner booth was a HORRIBLE spot to sit in. then she takes out her phone and proceeds to turn on her FLASHLIGHT to look at the menu! :O she left if on for over 15 min. every single time she twitched, the light reflected off her glass of water into my eyes. at this point im about to flip her table, but i dont want to ruin everyone else's dinner. i call over a waiter, couldnt get his name, but he is the tallest bald one of the night. this douche grins, then tells me he cant tell her what to do. im not pissed bc he didnt do anything, im pissed bc of the way he handled the situation. 20 secs later, i see him walking to a bunch of waiters and waitresses near our booth - he laughs, they laugh. fuck this guy. there are 2 reasons i am giving this place 3 stars:      1. food was good.       2. i saw the restaurant manager? guy in a suit? he grabbed the diet coke for us, brought us extra bread, and asked if we were enjoying our meal. NEVER AGAIN.
4	This place is a four star over all but the food itself is like 3 stars! I highly recommend reservations ESP if you planned this trip ahead. Great spot to sit and dine at the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains dance to the music! My party ordered the escargot (I loved it)Scallop dish ( superb)Red snapper (was ok, not well seasoned)Steak and frites (didn't try)I feel like they put too much salt in all their dishes and fish was overlooked. The service we received was impeccable.
5	Eating at this restaurant was not just a meal but an experience. The food was awesome. We had the special soup, escargot, and the steak frites. The steaks were perfectly cooked. The service was spectacular. Our server, Michelle was a true professional. She made perfect recommendations and was on the spot with everything. We had the chocolate tart and the bread pudding for dessert. Awesome! Sitting on the patio with a view of the Bellagio fountains was just the icing. We will definitely be back!
5	Had an amazing time on our trip to Vegas. We ordered the Filet Mignon with Bleu Cheese dressing and a bottle of Bordeaux to go with our red meat. I had mine medium well and my friend had hers medium. Mine was cooked perfectly that after two or three chews it literally melted in my mouth! Crazy good! Usually when you say medium well they only hear the "well" part and they cook it through. Not here! Service was phenomenal. We came on a busy night right before we went clubbing and wanted to be across from the Bellagio water show. They bussed a table and five minutes in we were seated where we wanted. Not to mention that our server came around often to pour more wine in our glasses and such. Excellent service, excellent food. After all, you are in Paris. The small one in Las Vegas. :)
5	Amazing evening at Mon Ami Gabi!The location is beautiful! If you're lucky enough you'll get a seat on the patio but the interior decor is also quite beautiful. The service was exceptional from beginning to end. A warm welcome from the hostess and our waiter was funny, kind and attentive! If you're willing to spend a little more, try the Wellington. It is not on the menu but it is really good if they have it available that night. The spinach and garlic side dish served alongside really completes it perfectly.Enjoy!
4	Great service and great steaks! Ask to sit near outside, but not outside and you will not be disappointed! The bread and dipping oil was good! We had the steak marinated in red wine and it was a dream. Definitely recommend!
5	This place is terrific. I make sure that we go here every time we visit Vegas. There is nothing better than sitting out on their patio, eating delicious food and people watching. There is sometimes a wait, but it is well worth the wait. Service here is top notch and we have never had a bad experience. They have daily specials which is what I normally order. I had the Bananas Foster Crepes last time. They were fantastic. Paired with some fresh squeezed orange juice and a bowl of Cafe Au Lait and I was in heaven. Their omelets and eggs Benedict are also tasty. I always find myself ordering the crepe special usually though. You must try this place while in Vegas. You will definitely not regret coming here.
4	Went here for lunch on a quick 2-night trip to Vegas.Location - excellent.  right accross from the bellagio fountains and right on the strip outside and under the Eiffel Tower in Paris.  Sat right inside beyond the patio with the patio doors open.  Great atmosphere for a lunch.Service - great.  Not the super-friendliest server but was attentive and quickly brought extra sauces we requestedFood - very good.  love the toasty baguette they bring.  Very fresh.  We ordered the mussells and the steak sandwich with frittes.  The frittes take a little adjusting compared to American style fries but they were lovely crunchy with good flavor.  I really enjoyed the steak sandwich with melted cheese and au juis sauce for dipping.  the bun seemed like a french version of pretzel bun.  Mussells were good, but not excellent.Good lunch experience.  want to go back and try dinner.
5	What a gem breakfast place
5	My favorite place to eat in Vegas, maybe on planet Earth. If you haven't tried the filet mignon w/merlot butter sauce your life is sincerely lacking! Try it...now.  You're welcome.
5	Loved every minute! Have been for breakfast lunch and dinner, no need to go anywhere else!Rib Eye was fantastic and for the price you get to sit on the strip and watch the Bellagio fountains. That is what Vegas is all about. Service was amazing and attentive, multiple people attending to our table. It took a while to get an order in for dinner but that is because of how busy they were.
4	There isn't much to say that everyone else hasn't said already. You come here for the whole experience, the view is incredible, the servers very polite, very attentive, and being in the f&b industry, hats off to the whole staff. these guys were like a well-oiled machine. They are crazy busy, but work without breaking a sweat. lines out the door, and the patio area (which is where we sat) is extremely tight, when moving back and forth to carry dishes out to serve. I had the caramelized scallops, for some reason i was in the mood for some, and they were juicy, cooked perfect and had a great flavor to it. A downside was you only got four. I would of liked 6 maybe? not sure what type of scallops they were but i know  they can get pretty expensive, but some are also really cheap.It was accompanied by a veggie fricasse. the actual broth/cream to it was great, if I were to be so critical, my only gripe was that this was a 25$ dish, how about putting some exotic veggies in there maybe? something more than just peas and carrots. The bread/baguette was also good, accompanied with it was a type of tampanade/bruschetta consisting of shredded carrots, green onions maybe and vinegar. either way it complemented it well. The server was also nice enough to bring us a different version of the tampanade which had radish and corn, which was also very good, but i liked the carrots better. Despite the little critical things, I was impressed with everything. A great job by this upscale restaurant or should i say french bistro.
3	Since I live on the strip I have dined  in many restaurants here. Mon Ami Gabi is nothing special. The food is above average  the sides are large. Dining on the patio is nice during the cooler months but you can't reserve seating there.  Las Vegas used to noted for it's service however that quality is hard to find anymore. I think that todays generation is getting what they ask for and expect. This restaurant is better than some in other casinos on the strip. Prices are  reasonable when compared to Bellagio and Caesars. Face it if you can get out under 150 (tip included) for dinner, desert, and a drink each for 2 on the strip at a good restaurant   consider that a bargain.
5	Best place in Vegas for breakfast.  Amazing view of the fountains, outside patio with mists and a nice breakfast selection.   My honey got the steak and eggs and didn't speak until he was done...enough said.   I had the corn beef hash and it was nicely prepared but I honestly got full on the toast.   The bread was soooo good, with the lightly salted butter and this jam, oh my!    They make a decent bloody mary but could had used a bit more kick and a lot more salad on top.    This place is also priced well with adequate portions.6 stars for service...our waitress was a sweetheart and although we showed up well past the breakfast hour, she put in a late order for us.
5	This place is very good,  If you love french food, your going to love this place.  They have the best french onion soup I have ever tasted.  I know there are some people that are not big on the french onion soup, but this place will change your mind so much you will be licking the bowl that it comes in.  Please before you die, you have to try this place.  You will not be disappointed.  If you go there during the night, you have to sit on the patio, so you can watch the Bellagio's water fountain in sink with lovely music, and the lights are amazing.  If you like to watch the many different people of Vegas, then patio is where you want to be.
5	Went to Gabi's last Tuesday before leaving Las Vegas AND fellow Yelpers did not steer me wrong.  Excellent food and excellent service AND, AND AND... (very important for Vegas-on the Strip Restaurants... the prices were extremely fair for the quality of the food.  (Hey, Gabi management.... don't start raising prices cause I said this!!! )  All I am saying is that if you go to some of the dumpy restaurants in some of the hotels, you pay through the nose for food that belongs inside a septic tank before its time.  For example, there is a restaurant in the Rio that wants 28 for a chicken pot pie.. really Rio? Had the steak au poivre, trout, and croque monsieur.  One of my guests who had the steak told me it was soooooo delicious that if she were home she would be licking the plate until it no longer needed washing... (a beautiful image). The guest who had the trout said it was the best trout he ever had... and the croque monsiuer was excellent but a little on the greasy side because of all the butter and cheese.  I think Gabi's can cut back a little on the butter since the delicious Gruyere cheese that it is made with provides most of the fat this sandwich needs.  I must share with you that I am a French Onion Soup aficionado.  I eat it here and in my favorite city in the whole wide world---Paris.  Well, I ordered the French Onion Soup at Gabi's and it looked amazingly beautiful-- a tall crock of soup with melted Gruyere cheese perfectly broiled on top resulting in gorgeous spots of darkened Gruyere--yum.  However, then I tasted it.  It was reeking with sugar.  Yes sugar.  So sweet I couldn't eat it.  When I beckoned the waiter to discuss it, he told me the onions caused the sweetness because they were sweet onions.  In response to the waiter's answer, I am going to put on the voice of an irate waiter in Paris. (now use your imagination and think of a balding, older gentleman who has been on his feet for at least 7 hours dealing with American tourists)  They go deep into their throats before saying : 'NOH! (that would be an American "No".)  I too say No to the theory that the onions caused the sweetness.  Do you know why?  Because I cook  that's why!  I believe that this soup has been Americanized to address the palettes of some americans (I said SOME so don't write back insulting me!).  They added sugar, lots of it AND because of the color of the soup,  I believe they added some Marsala wine which also provides some sweetness.  The ending of the French Onion Soup saga is that they graciously took it back.  They are a class act.  And did I forget about the service????   Amazing.  One of my guests had their water glass filled 7 times.  I'm not kidding.  AND, AND, And, did I forget to tell you about the Baguette????  Yes,  a complete baguette in a bakery bag--- delivered still warm from the oven presented with a generous portion of spreadable butter.  Yes spreadable --not those hard little bricks most restaurants serve.  And did I tell you we sat on the patio overlooking The Strip?  with misters to keep us cool???  Why did I leave thist to the end?.....  Because the food was the star of the show.   I am SOOOOOOO sorry that I went to Gabi's on my last day in Vegas.... if I had been there the first day, I would have chained my leg to one of the tables on the patio and eaten there every day breakfast, lunch and dinner... I would allow someone to take me to the bathroom every few hours only if they promise to give me back my table upon my return.  Otherwise, I'll skip the bathroom breaks.     Thanks Gabi management and staff for a wonderful experience and having a really great restaurant!
5	This is mine and my husband's favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner! The staff is always accommodating, friendly and very customer oriented (rare find now a days).  There is nothing better than enjoying a few drinks and any of their fabulous dishes on the terrace.  The fountains at Bellagio are enjoyable, as well as "people watching" on the Las Vegas Strip.
4	stopped in for a business lunch. this sort of place usually isn't my cup of tea but I will come back for the french onion soup alone. It was almost $10 and worth it. as if I wasn't full enough the steak frites arrived at the table. there was a blue cheese sauce on it. the fries were the perfect size and cooked perfectly. the steak had good flavor. it cost almost $25!! worth every penny. they also serve burgers so I need to come back and give one of them a try. if you like french food then you will love this place. there is really something on the menu for everyone.
2	Went to this restaurant because a friend wanted to try and had made a reservation for us there. Somehow we still had to wait with reservations... Considering it was a french restaurant with a large amount of review I figured it was okay to have high standards. Boy was I wrong. Hospitality was great, very accommodating to change my order without any further questions. I order the Chicken Grandmere and it came out too salty and dry. It was so dry I drank 2 glass of water and gave up after eating maybe an eighth of it. The waiter was generous to switch my order to the Chicken Paillard which came very fast! However the chicken was again dry and the flavor just didn't taste right. After we left, I went to McD to get myself a 10 piece nugget meal.
4	We had an enjoyable dinner tonight.  It was really busy but I was able to make a 7:45 pm reservation via Opentable 40 minutes before the reservation.  What made the dinner so enjoyable was the friendliness of the staff, starting with the hostess and ending with our stellar waitress, Tracy.  She checked up on us often without being intrusive.  Our water glasses were filled constantly.  The dishes we ordered included:-Two bowls of French Onion Soup- very filling with the right amount of melted cheese and bread.  It was on the sweeter side but good.-Trout Amandine:  The trout was tasty but just slightly over cooked. The green beans were crispy and well seasoned.-Mussels Mariniere, full order with frites.  The creamy white  sauce was delicious as a dip for bread.  The mussels were good but a bit too small.  However, the portion was big. The frites were thin fries that were slightly too crispy for me.-Bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream- it typically is one of my favorite desserts.  However, the  bread was slightly too dense. We liked the fresh French bread in a bag.  The restaurant is easy to get to- it is across the street from the Bellagio Fountains. The dining room was dimly lit- I would have preferred a brighter dining area.  Overall, we really liked our friendly and attentive server.  The food was good so I would give it 3.5 stars.
4	I really enjoyed the food and service here in particular the steak was nice and tender. I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!!!
5	Best people watching in Vegas!Great food and just the place to sit back and relax on a nice day on the strip.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is located inside Paris.  We had reservations here, but we still had to wait about 15 minutes.  This restaurant is beautiful.  We had a great table located inside which had a view of Bellagio.  We got to see the water show a couple times from our table.  The food was delicious.  They serve complimentary fresh bread which was soooooo good.  I could eat that all day.  It comes with some marinated carrots which tasted great with the bread.  I ordered a steak which was huge!  It was bigger than both my hands put together.  It is very thin.  It's served with fries.  It was a ridiculous amount of food.  Planning to come here?  Don't hesitate, but make sure you make a reservation!
5	To quote my husband, we rarely repeat any places when we make our annual Vegas pilgrimage, but this is one of the few we do.  For the price, excellent.  Love everything - the baguette at the beginning through to the end of the meal.  We had the smoked salmon appetizer, very good.  Our steak frites were fantastic, and the waitress brought me a side of Bordelaise and Roquefort since I could not decide.  Service was excellent; bread pudding dessert oh so good.  We've also been for lunch and have sat outside to people watch ... just as good.  Highly recommend!
5	I love Mon Ami Gabi, the service the ambiance .... and of course the excellent food!It is one of my favorites in Las Vegas.
5	Excellent food and service.  Not pretentious at all (I'll be honest, I was expecting it to be).  We've been back a few times for the view, the service but mostly for the excellent food.Get the warm Brie appetizer, you won't be disappointed.
5	Hoe me gosh - what an awesome restaurant! Don't be fooled - it's a bit on the pricey side but you totes get what you pay for. Well worth the extra scratch with a killer view to boot! Je t'aime Mon Ami Gabi.Let's start with the physical space - the inside is dark and intimate and is just like an eatery you'll find in Paris, France. There's the option to sit outside on the patio - they even have water misters to cool the place down during the summer months. Or, pick a spot in between - half inside and half outside with great airflow, plenty of light and lots of room. The tables aren't cramped but rather nicely spaced for large parties or small.There is a great selection of wine for around $8 to $12 a glass for the cheap stuff. But even those wines are d-lish. You get some bread and butter upon sitting down but don't fill up on it cuz the food is off the hook!I had me the hanger steak and I almost keeled over because it was so dang good! A huge slice of meat prepared WELL as suggested by our server, Number 55. The rest of my party had other options of steak and one hamburger which was apparently awesome. You also get some pom frites finely cut and crisped to perfection.The service was attentive and knowledgeable although I never got our server's name - just saw the number pinned to his shirt. I felt that we were well taken care of. Also, I swear we saw Rod Stewart hiding in plain sight. Hey, performers gotta eat too.Next time I'm in Vegas this will for sure be the first place I think of when it's time to decide where the one fancy meal of the trip will take place. I think my mouth is watering now just thinking about the awesomeness of this restaurant!
5	I brought the 14 of us here for dinner at a Bachelorette wkend. My only complaint- we arrived on time and our table was waiting for us but the 14 of us had to wait and clog the line to be seated because there was only one hostess. Time to come on out and seat us Mon Ami!Food and service were excellent and the price point is around $20 which is very fair for the strip. They even let us split into 7 checks. When we were done I walked my group to the Paris valet where our hummer limo was waiting.I will mention that I like the lunch menu a little better than the dinner menu because of their wonderful French brunch items.
4	We sat outside and were treated to a decent view of the fountain show and an even better view of some crazy, yet entertaining, tourists walking by.  Other than that the brunch, most specifically the corn beef hash, was delicious.  Would definitely come back for brunch/breakfast!
4	More like 3.5. Here's why:4 stars for St. Germaine spritz:  Worth it if splitting between friends. Light and sweet, simply delicious.3 stars for frangria: a little too bitter and not as tasty as I anticipated.4 stars for onion soup (a must) and escargot (garlicky goodness)3 stars for classique steak frites: overcooked, overpriced, pretty bland.  A couple gfs got the burger and steak sandwich and thought the burgers were ok and steak sandwich was good.  4 stars for service: I believe his name is either Noah or Gary from NY. Tall, middle aged man with great conversation, charm, and service. Ambiance was nice and quiet.  Perfect after a night of partying or to get away from all the Vegas noise.  I'll be back...
4	nice gourmet food and classy atmosphere with the water fountain view of Bellagio.price is reasonable.
3	I've been here a couple times. It's got a great view of the strip and Bellagio fountains. LOL Yea let's go to Paris and watch the fountain show at Bellagio. HA! I actually like this place. I wouldn't consider it super French. Although the food is approachable French food. Not overly Americanized. But tasty. The Escargot with herb butter is a must. Stop being a wimp. Snails are almost  like eating clams except they're faster. It's pretty legit. But I end up always ordering the same thing. Steak. Eh. Maybe it's my obsession with red meat and my urge to fix a car and have sex after. But it's a manly meal. I prefer the steak frites with classic butter. That's fancy for fries...yea. Fries. But it's ok They have lighter foods like salads and seafood, oysters, fish, etc. But I never go for it. Maybe I just don't give this place enough credit. Maybe I should come here with a girl and be super impressive. Nah......
5	We were very lucky to score an awesome seat indoors but on the edge where it looks out at the patio and Bellagio fountains so we get the amazing view without the scorching heat.  Ambiance is so cute and chill, great for brunch.  I know this sounds super lame but the area we sat in does remind me of the outdoor seating that I had when I was in Paris- brought back the same feeling and made me miss it. So if you are looking for ambience, you can check it off your list here.We got the steamed clams and fries to start off- very delicious! Then for entree I got a waffle and the hubby got a crepe.  Everything tasted great and light, not to mentioned that we already filled up on the warm soft table bread.  It was such a nice breezy place to start the day with a great view, highly recommend.
4	I loved the salmon and my bf liked it also .
5	"Style, Class, and a Patio to make me come back."Maybe it's cause I'm always on vacation. Maybe the memories, Maybe its the weather  or the good company that I've shared my time here.  On top of this, it's on one of the premier patio spots outside Paris in the dead centre of the Strip. These are some reasons why this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Then there's the food...let's move on to that.Let me set the tone: it's a classic French Bistro.  White table clothes, fancy setup, however the vibe is casual so even if you're out there in shorts, you're not totally out of place.  There are 3 dining areas: Indoors, Indoors with view of patio, and Patio.  Trust me, you want to sit on the patio and experience some pinnacle views which include the Bellagio, pretty people, and the rest of the strip.  Call in for a Reso if you can, otherwise you may be waiting 1-2 hours on a busy day. Again, for me its worth the wait.  Scared of the heat, well don't' worry, there is appropriate shade and air-conditioning and misters outside!  Even in 40 degrees they managed to keep me cool.Each table is given fresh baguette and butter to start.  One thing I've noticed is that the bread hasn't always come out hot.  A small annoyance, but something that could be easily remedied with a warmer of sorts.  Save some bread cause you'll need it for something else, stay tuned.If you are a professional meatitarian like myself, you will have no problem quenching your thirst.  First off the bat get a steak.  I don't even care which one, just do it.  All three steaks that I've had were beautiful cuts of meat, cooked exactly how I wanted it, and could be cut with a butter knife.  Myself I struggle between the Fillet Mignon Merlot and (if i'm feeling hungry) the 22oz Bone in Ribeye.  Aren't a suffer of Meatabetes like me, then why not try some of the mussels?   A light white wine and herb broth dips very well with the bread you remembered to save.  The mussels aren't as fat and juicy as we're accustomed to in the west coast, so this one dish won't fill you up. Regardless, I love mussels and I loved this dish. Need something to wash it down? Their wine list is extensive.  However if you want a refreshing treat on a hot day then I'd try their Sangria. Give Gabi a try.  You won't be disappointed.
3	We wanted to try the best of the best, so we aimed toward the more expensive items on the menu, which are the filet mignon and the seafood platter.  It was like something I can easily make at home.  I was hyped up because of the high ratings on Yelp and so I was left disappointed.   We didn't even care to stay for desserts.
5	The Bf and I dined here on July 13 and had invited my girls' to come along.  They got stuck in traffic on the way to the restaurant and couldn't make our reservation time.  Our first experience here was amazing.  As our second experience in this visit,  it was EXCELLENT!  We dined inside and this place is good as it gets.  We ordered the same thing from our last visit and I ordered the right item this time =)  The consistency of the food is just melt in your mouth that you felt giddy and in love with the food.  The french bread is as tasty and fresh that you shouldn't eat too much or you won't have space in your tummy.  The steaks and frites is how we remembered and still addicting as ever.  This is now one of our go to places for dinner because it has made my picky simple palate bf happy.  Plus it's not too expensive either.  Make reservations before coming in so that you don't have to wait too long.  They're available on open table.
4	The ESCARGOT is amazinnnnnnnnng!!!!! Enough said.
4	After our first decadent evening in Vegas, the first thing on our minds was getting hydrated and nourished ASAP. Our party of four was staying at Paris so it was a no brainer that we'd pay the much praised Mon Ami Gabi a visit for a quick brekkie.At 9:30am there was hardly any wait and we all were seated in the glass atrium overlooking the busy strip and Bellagio fountains. With coffee and o2 in hand, we were off to a great start!Our server was congenial, efficient and helpful with the menu, as well.  We went with the famous Croque Madame, traditional eggs and sausage with crispy hash browns, large mixed berry crepe, and corned beef hash & poached eggs, respectively.  There was a bit of a wait but nothing too bad and the food was definitely worth the wait! Everything was fresh, nicely plated and the portions were very generous.Our coffees were always topped off and waters constantly filled without asking, which was nice. Overall, a fantastic breakfast stop at Mon Ami Gabi. The food was solid, service was on point and the price was very reasonable for the location. Next stop, sippin on margaritas in our  poolside cabana :)Happy Eats!
4	Simply wonderful! Best dirty martini I've ever had... Seated quickly... Delicious bread... flavorful meals... and fantastic service. -1 star for the confusing nature of the line at the entrance. Otherwise, this restaurant gets it right every time!!'
4	I went to my first French restaurant in Seattle, and though it was a cute little place, it was very uncomfortable for me. However, Mon Ami Gabi was so much fun! The menu was unique and the "Frangria" was so enticing that I have a whole new outlook on french food. Though it is a French Steakhouse, I had their Sandwich Du Jour (sp) which is the sandwich of the day and it was AMAZING! Bacon, egg, this interesting spread, on delicious bread, with a side of their very unique french fries. Best brunch/lunch sandwich. So filling! They had a ham and cheese crepe I was eyeing but when the waiting deliciously described the sandwich of the day, I just melted. It was perfect. Then their Frangria was their version of sangria and it had fruit and rosemary! Rosemary gave it a very one of a kind way! I was in heaven. I am very happy with this trip for a friends birthday and I would like to come back to try their dinner menu! OHH also a plus, they sell Kronenbourg 1664, which is one of my FAVORITE beers of all time. Thank you for the awesome service as well Mon Ami Gabi. It was a great experience.
2	My wife and I each had the Cobb Salad for our lunch.It was totally sub par. Cubed turkey. Wilted romaine. Starchy corn. Bacon almost non existent. Dressing tasteless. Price 15.95. As bad as it gets ,quality wise.
3	Who knew the French could make great burgers?  Overall good experience here. The bread was awesome. The food my friends had looked great. Their beer selection could use improvement and the staff looked busy and not very open to conversation. If you do go I suggest a seat in the patio. Great people watching out there. Next time I go I want to try the bloody mary bar. Looks interesting.
4	Great ambiance and interesting, delicious food.
5	Definitely coming back and sooo recommendable!! Took the boyfriend here for his birthday dinner date and everything was spectacular :D! Got a reservation for 6:45 and since we wanted to sit outside, we waited for just about 5 minutes to be seated at the patio.! Such a great view of the Bellagio and perfect way for people watching :D  They gave us some bread and butter and delicious carrot slaw!! We started out with escargot, and since we're both first timers, we didn't know what to expect. but it was delicious!!! Waaaay delicious than we thought! HAHA. The steaks were perfect and the service was also perfect. We ended our meal with the bread pudding and it's the perfect way to end the meal.!!
4	It was good for what I had.  We had the escargot appetizer which was good, wife had the Skate which is a sting ray type animal.  This is very difficult to prepare and they did a great job.  I encourage either of these for anyone who considers themselves to be adventurous eaters :)
5	We found this restaurant through yelp and were able to make a reservation that same day.  Although the restaurant was very busy when we arrived, we were seated immediately. The atmosphere is amazing, mood lighting, but not so much private (we were in between two tables) One side is a booth, and the other side is chairs so there is a long booth with tables split with a space wide enough to allow you to sit down on the booth.  Although there is some indication that this restaurant is not kid friendly, it completely is.  They have a kids menu and crayons, which was enough to keep our kids entertained.  My son loved the pizza!  We also had a very patient waitress. In addition, I have a gluten allergy and they provide amazing gluten free bread before dinner and are very careful with the allergy. A little pricey, but you get what you pay for! I highly recommend.
5	Great place! Great view of the water show at Bellagio.Great food! We had the mahi mahi and sole specials...outstanding!Amazing Frangias! Grand Marnier with fresh fruit juice!Definitely will go again.
4	Probably some of the best service I've ever had - from the hostesses to the manager, and our server. We made a reservation for 1pm right on the rail of the patio for 7 people, showed up with 9 people, and they still were able to accommodate graciously. Service was formal, extremely attentive, personable, and very professional. World-class staff. Food was very good. I would stop just a bit short of calling it an excellent French restaurant - it's a very very good French-ish restaurant with a focus on seafood and the grill. Highlights- All the food, really- French onion soup- Baked goat cheese- Bone-in rib eyes were near-perfect- Actual Caesars (not bloody marys). Being Canadian, this is almost a must when recovering from a night of boozeLowlights (only a few)- Wasn't blown away by the quality of the seafood on the platter- Sauces that came with the steaks were gross looking and too oily- I know what they're trying to do with the fries, but they end up as a bit of an oversalted oily clump- Caesar salad was drenched in dressing, but that's what you get for ordering a caesar salad at a French restaurantAs many reviews note, the patio provides some of the best people watching in the city, as well as a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. One caution - men must wear sleeved shirts, a problem for one particular show-off on our team.TL;DR version: Nearly a must-do when in Vegas for a brunch or late lunch, especially if you like to sit in the sun. I'm sure can be just as good for dinner. Most locals we spoke to say that M.A.G. is excellent, so that's reassuring. Top-quality service, great patio, and very very good food.
2	After doing my research for a more casual restaurant for a night out in Vegas, I settled on Mon Ami Gabi and was VERY excited to check it out based on all the very positive reviews.I was sorely disappointed.Our reservation was at 9PM and when we checked in was told they were running 10 minutes behind.  We headed to the bar and once a free spot opened up, we tried to order a glass of wine.  We stood there for about 15 minutes before we were acknowledged.At 9:20PM, I checked back in and was told we were the next party of two on the list.  After another 10 minutes our buzzer went off and I moved over to the reception desk and was told our table was not ready.  So we didn't sit for our 9PM reservation until well after 9:30PM but no big deal.We sat and we greeted promptly.  Service at the table was great; the food was not.I ordered the escargot which was average and the French onion soup which was not good.  It was very sweet and bland and there was hardly any cheese.  I was disappointed.  Everything else food wise was ok.  My fiance got the filet with the red wine sauce, it was also very sweet.  The cheese platter appetizer had one really great bleu cheese, the other two cheeses were average.Expected much more after all the stellar reviews.  I don't know if it was an off night or what.
5	SIMPLY INCREDIBLE!!' First time here and not a SINGLE thing to diss about~ excellent menu!, excellent server! No names used only numbers ours was #71. He joined in on our reverie~ we had an excellent table on the rim of the patio. Actually could see the dancing waters across the street. A nice little extra bonus~the food!!! Yes! I am gonna say it again EXCELLENT !! We 3 had  steaks, each a different way. Merlot sauce, maiter'd butter & bernaise just sooo good. Had a great cocktail a "French Romance!" The price point is wonderful! I live here and can't wait to go back!!!
2	After a great trip, my girls and I wanted to top it off with - what else of course - GREAT FOOD! Seeing as this was our first time, we consulted Yelp. With amazing reviews and 4/5 stars, we expected an awesome dining experience...that which was not the case.We were greeted and seated promptly (indoor window seating), however, the hostess that sat us didn't say one word to us on the way to our table. Once we were seated, we noticed that all of our wine & water glasses were pretty filthy and my menu had a small veggie surprise on it. lol. Our server took all of the glasses/my menu away and returned with clean ones.Now, let's talk food.We started off with the Wild Escargot de Bourgogne...I felt like the garlic-herb butter smothered the taste and texture of the snails - even overpowered it. The snails may have been over cooked too. Since Mon Ami is a French Steakhouse, I went with the Steak Bordelaise medium rare. To my disappointment, it was far from what I was expecting. My heart kind of sank because I was so excited :( The presentation lacked, the sauce was watered down, and the cut was a tougher than what I'm used to. The frites were also soggy because they were soaked in the tasteless sauce. I sent it back for the Mahi Mahi special, which was ok. At this point, my appetite was ruined and I wanted to leave. Our server wasn't exactly the friendliest guy either and I feel like we weren't even seen by a manager. 2 stars for the location and ambiance. Overall, a horrible dining experience. Sorry to say that I do not recommend Mon Ami Gabi.
5	Great Food, Great Service, Great Atmosphere. No matter what Mon Ami Gabi we go to it's always consistent and delicious.
4	My boyfriend and I were in Vegas a few months ago and we wanted to find a budget-friendly but nice dinner. I found this on yelp of course and we had a great time thanks to a little luck! The wait time to sit on the outside patio was ridiculous..over an hour wait (and this was around 8:30pm on a weeknight!!) so we opted for an inside table. Here's where the luck came in: most people sit on the patio so they can enjoy the gorgeous Bellagio fountain show during dinner. Our table, while inside, gave us the PERFECT view of the fountains and was very close to the outside patio. So throughout the whole dinner we got to enjoy the magnificent Bellagio fountain show on a beautiful summer night. My boyfriend ordered steak which was pretty good, and I ordered the fish which was okay. The fabulous view really made it a romantic and special night and this place was pretty affordable compared to most places on the strip. We were really impressed and will definitely be back on our next trip to Vegas!
5	Went there for breakfast and dinner. Loved it both times. Steak and frites is great (and not pricey for the location!).
5	Yummy! Came here with my husband a few months back for our anniversary. We loved the food and service! Their fresh baked complimentary French bread is delicious! There was absolutely nothing negative to mention about this place. It was not the very best french food I have had, but definitely up there.They're a bit pricey but I assure you the cost is well worth it. Nice ambiance and great customer service.
3	Had high hopes, perhaps that was the problem. - nice atmosphere- awful wines- sub par escargot- great steak with merlot reduction - skate wing (sting ray) was decent- trout was over salted- mussels were decent
4	Went here awhile ago - was pleasantly surprised that they had good veggie options (not always the case in Vegas, sadly!)
4	came here for brunch with family and it was pretty good!we got the usual breakfast plates like sausage, bacon and scrambled eggs so you can't really go wrong with that. i did not like the onion soup and thought the nutella waffles was freakin' delicious! i remember my sister loving the spinach salad she ordered. the service was okay but maybe our guy was just lazy. this place is pretty well known and they were mostly packed the entire time we were there.the place has a nice vibe and the environment is nice but then again it is vegas, i recommend giving it a try!
5	Eating brunch like the French do? I'm down! After hearing such good things about Mon Ami Gabi from my friends, I was eager to finally dine there for brunch on my first Vegas trip this year. The decor of the place is just so cute! If I lived in Vegas, I would have brunch here all the time!- Smoked Salmon and Egg Salad Tartine: Salmon placed on a bed of egg salad on bread = perfection. They cut it into four pieces, so it's easy to share. The capers were a good compliment to the lightness of the bites.- Steak: cooked to our liking with a bed of fries (which we didn't finish because we had an order of side fries).- Waffle Fries: They're nice and crispy!- Sangria: loads of fruits and rosemary (which made the sangria quite special tasting). There was enough for all five of us and a little more!Delightful service with amazing food.. I think I just fell in love with brunch a little more! :) I bet this is a really cute place for dinner with a date!
4	I think it's one of the few decent restaurants that offer natural lighting on the Strip. None of that indoor, dimly lit, and/or fake sky, non-reality business. Lovely ambiance for enjoying breakfast or brunch on a gorgeous Vegas morning.  The enclosed (indoor) patio is perfect for staying cool, while getting a decent view of the street and the Bellagio fountain/water show. I had the chicken, brie, apple crepe, and my bf had the corn beef hash that our friendly server recommended. I liked both dishes, but both tasted better when they were still warm/hot. The poached egg in my bf's dish was a bit over-cooked and the watercress was very bitter tasting, but perhaps not meant to be eaten by itself. I would recommend this restaurant.
5	During our latest Vegas trip last December, we got a chance to check out Mon Ami Gabi in Paris for dinner. We were seated outside and had a straight view of Bellagio fountain show every 15 mins right across the street. Wow, this was one of the best views we have ever had from a restaurant.On to the food - my husband had Sea scallops and Cafe au lait. I had salmon, both were pretty awesome. Want to go back.
4	Such a romantic restaurant.....get outside seating if available. We are able to watch Bellagio's waterdance show from our table. I prefer only coming here for breakfast and thats the only thing I can review on. Service is average and food is enjoyable. Those lemon pancakes.....yumms!
3	Location is important and in that respect this place is wonderful.   The patio sits across the Boulevard from the fountains at Bellagio.  When the weather is right... this place has one of the best locations in Las Vegas.  When it is 100+ or the wind is blowing...  or other undesirable weather presents itself...  this place is much less impressive.  The food is pricy upscale French / American bistro.  Nothing remarkable but all prepared well.  The service can be spotty at times... but when you have the right day on the Patio...  who cares if you are left waiting at the table.  The place is always crowded so plan ahead.  Its not a great meal... but on the right day it can be a great experience.
2	I made reservations for a party 6 of my really good friends. I volunteered and left the pressure of picking a restaurant up to me so I really hoped my friends would enjoy the whole experience. We were seated promptly and had the pleasure of Francois serving us. Their special feature of the day was dover sole. My first experience with dover sole was at a restaurant in Sedona, AZ and it was amazing. I decided to order the fish and convinced my friend to order it as well. Big mistake....when I used my fork to cut the fish it barely would tear apart. Had to force the fork back and forth to break it apart and the bites were not tender. Im assuming this means the fish was overcooked. The fish was advertised as deboned but I found 5 bones, accidentally swallowing one. I looked over to my friend hoping that my recommendation left her satisfied but sadly she had the same experience, though she didn't find any bones in hers. I am happy to say that everyone else in our party enjoyed their meal, though Im rating this on my own experience. I could have complained or spoken up about the fish but I didn't feel like it. We were all enjoying ourselves and I didn't want to put any bit of damper on our good night.
5	Great food and great service! So hard to get a patio table though, but its not their fault everyone likes to eat outside along the strip while listening to the bellagio fountains across the street. It's the restaurant of choice on the strip for my wife and I as you get quality eats for a competitive price. Try their fish and frites as they won't disappoint!
5	I am in LOVE with this place! I did not know gluten-free meals can be this delicious! I am gluten-sensitive so I try to make my meals as gluten-free as possible. So when I saw they had a whole separate menu for gluten-free meals, I was totally excited. I ordered their salmon and leek quinoa and OMG it was so delicious. And to top that off, I had a bottle of gluten-free beer :) I want to go back for more.The service was pretty good, but I did get the feeling our waiter hasn't worked there for too long. When I asked him for any recommendations from the gluten-free menu he seemed a little lost. But he did recommend the salmon and leak quinoa and said the dish is a little spicy so I ordered it because I love spicy! Funny thing, my dish was not one bit spicy, but it didn't matter because it was delicious regardless! What I am trying to say is I don't think the waiter should have made recommendations of a dish he knew not much about.Anyways , this is definitely a place you want to check out if you are in Vegas.
5	Absolutely amazing!!We had 9pm reservations with a request to be seated near the patio, since the patio is first come first serve only.  Unfortunately we were late by about 15 or 20 minutes.  Not a problem.  We waited maybe 5 minutes and were seated in a great location next to the patio so we could also enjoy the Bellagio water show.  The service was great and the food was even better.  My wife and I split the Duck Confit & Fingerling Potato as our appetizer and both ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot (steak lovers:) as the main course.  The duck was a great way to start.  The meat was just falling off the bone it was so tender.  Very impressed, we were anxiously waiting for our steaks and we were not disappoint.  Probably one of the best steaks I've had.There's really nothing more to say.  Wonderful service.  Great location.  Amazing food.
5	Great food - Be sure to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio Fountains!
5	Our favorite restaurant to go to for breakfast while we're in Vegas. We like to sit out on the patio next to the Las Vegas Blvd. strip and enjoy our meal. Since it's located in front of Bellagio, you sometimes will get to see the water show while dining there. Give this place a try.
4	Reasonable prices. Makes for a nice dinner out in the town.
4	Love the cuisine and atmosphere!
5	Delicious food with a view :))Great food, watched the Bellagio's fountain shows; chatted with happy tourists... Can't ask for more :))
3	Location is the real selling point here (center strip) and if you can get a seat outside or on the patio, you'll get a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. The inside is a bit dark and dingy looking but overall the food is pretty solid. Went for brunch and I had the chicken & mushroom crepe (pretty good) and the girlfriend had the egg salad sandwich (delicious). Bread to start the meal was also great, however the french fries and chips they served on the side were a bit disappointing. I was really excited to hear that they had a DIY Bloody Mary bar but this was also a bit of a letdown. They have a few toppings but nothing extravagant which is what I was expecting from the waiter's sales pitch. Maybe my standards are too high when it comes to Bloody Mary's but I wouldn't pay extra for this particular bar.Service was friendly but slow and I had to flag down the waiter numerous times to order, ask for refills of water, etc. I think brunch is the best time to go here and I would go back but not if there was a wait.
4	The food was great and lots of healthy sides!  Wonderfully surprised by the food quality, tasty and affordable.
5	Ask to be seated outside in the evening! No matter what you order, you will love it. A little pricey, but the service and food are totally worth it! Perfect for the Paris Hotel! Excellent for a romantic dinner or to hang out with your girlfriends!
5	I went there for my first date. The service was wonderful. The steak was also wonderful and I love love love their frites. I would definitely visit agaib
3	The view is great but the food was mediocre at best.  Ive eaten here before and loved it.  this time the service was slow and my steak luke warm.  We made a reservation but still had to wait in line with the walk-ins.  Too many other great restaurants on the strip to waste time here again.
5	I have always had an excellent meal here - been here many times.  This past visit we had a party of 10 and everyone loved it.  My family is very discriminating when it comes to food - and my Father especially - who loves this place and eats here every time he comes to Vegas.  The food is authentic French bistro fare - and there is something for everyone.  You know you are going to have a good meal when they bring you piping hot little french breads that melt in your mouth!I also had my birthday here last year with a bunch of crazy girlfriends and my husband.  We sat outside in 105 degree weather and felt so cool!  The food again was excellent and something for everyone.  This place is consistent.  Everyone we go with always loves it.
5	Our go-to breakfast spot while visiting Vegas! Ever since we discovered this place we have not had a trip where we failed to visit them. We always order the French toast and a savory dish to counterbalance all that sweet yumminess. Their French toast is the best French toast I have ever eaten! It comes with a berry topping and whipped cream, but is surprisingly not overly sweet. The two savory dishes that we have tried and loved, so far, are the egg white omelette and an eggs benedict special. The service here is always perfect and I love that they take reservations. It's a perfect way to start the day in Vegas B)
5	I have been here several times and we love it!   Great food - Awesome Service and if you can get a spot on the patio on a cool evening to see the fountains at Bellagio across the street you should love it.   Feel like I left Vegas for a while!
3	Atmosphere- and ambiance-wise this is a great spot in the center of the Las Vegas Strip for people watching and feeling as if you are a true tourist; however, the meals aren't extraordinary for the price.  As my chef friends have mentioned, this is a "turn-and-burn" type of restaurant.  If you are a true foodie, you would understand the notion of these types of restaurants.  Nonetheless, I would still come back to try other entrees on the menu.
4	So tasty and totally affordable. Service was great and decor was nice.
5	People watching, good food, and great service!  Highly recommend.We made a reservation for 9:00am and asked for the patio once we got here.  We sat and watched people walk by while eating French toast and waffles with fresh fruit and a side of yummy bacon and fresh squeezed orange juice.  The waiters filled the water glasses constantly and we were checked on multiple times.   Fabulous ending to our vacation.
4	Its got great view and good seating, you can watch the water fountain in Bellagio while you enjoy dinner!The food is decent, I strongly recommend the scallop, and the snails!Make sure you make reservation, other wise you might need to wait for at least an hour.
4	Came here for a nice dinner for a bachelorette weekend... before the shenanigans began muhahaha. Well, first off - the location is awesome! We were about 30 minutes late to our reservation, but we barely had to wait :) So we got there, and we had a table near the opening/patio area - very open, airy, perfect temperature, and beautiful view of Bellagio and the dancing fountains.I had the salad... I forgot what it was called but it had warm bacon dressing, and a soft poached egg... WOW what else can I want on a salad? Haha seriously, it was bomb. Just enough richness against the clean crisp of the frisee. and.... YUM. I enjoy my salads and this was one of the better salads I've had.Tried bits of their special frites - delicious, like a cross between potato chips and regular fries. Also had bits of the steak, and was pleasantly surprised! Super tender and cooked perfectly even though it was pretty thin, and had lots of flavor from that buttery/herby sauce on top. Pretty damn good.Will be back to try more stuff!
5	Amazing! Sooo amazing! We dined here to celebrate with a future bride. The maid of honor and matron did a fantastic job in creating a pre-fix menu for us at Mon Ami Gabi!
5	The food and the atmosphere were great, and the prices are pretty reasonable for a fancy strip restaurant.  They have a good gluten free menu & even have GF bread!
3	Ate there with a large group while visiting LV for a conference. First the food: our dinner was great! Started with the escargot and oysters both of which were very tasty. The escargot was cooked well, not chewy or rubbery but soft,  and delicate. I ordered the steak tartare (come on raw steak, all i can say is yes. . .) it was wonderful, meaty and served with pickles and a whole grain mustard, oh and let's not forget the gems on the plate. the pickled pearl onions, I would have eaten a pound of them if i could. that being said lets talk about the way you get seated. regardless of your reservation time you have to stand in a line waiting for seating. this makes NO sense what so ever. It is an issue that can easily be corrected by placing a hostess stand outside the restaurant, oh wait they have one of those but all they do is say ok now you have to stand in line and check in. So why are they there? No reason from what i can surmise. So we got into line 15 min before our 8 pm reservation. we finally got seated at 9pm! This is an issue that could easily be solved by giving the hostesses standing outside the restaurant the ability to check in people with reservations instead of standing in line. You charge top $$ for food but are the worst at organization of your seating. I will NOT be going back for this reason. there are similar restaurants with similar food with better organization.  Just be warned if you go make sure you get in line and you MAY get seated around your reservation time.
4	Had the steak and frites several times.  It's always consistent and tasty.  Definitely a winner in my book.
4	Warm Brie. Mac & Cheese. Filet Mignon Merlot. All excellent.
5	My first time in Vegas and this was where I went for dinner. The idea of a reservation is a little bit of a joke. We had to wait for another 30 minutes or so. I suppose it might have been longer if we didn't have a reservation, but it didn't seem to make a difference.       That aside, I loved the food, service, and decor. The place definitely reminded me of the restaurant Amelie would go to with her parents when she was younger ( or i'm remembering another french movie...either way I loved the dark wood and black and white tiled floors.)  The place was packed but our service was great, I can't remember what his name is now but waters were filled our orders were taken and plates removed in a very timely manner.        The food: Scallop entree, Steak and frites entree, and Chicken Pate appetizer, all delicious.  I would recommend all three items again. I want to go back and just have the exact same dinner again with a glass of rose.
5	I absolutely loved this restaurant. The service was great, the location was perfect, and the food was excellent.  My guy and I both decided to go for breakfast one of the mornings we vacationed there in Vegas.  We both got the Belgian waffles - different versions, his with blueberries and mine with mixed berries.  Absolutely delicious!  I also got a side of chicken sausage which was also very delicious and had a nice spicy taste to it.  Wait service was also on point and our waitress was very quick and timely with our orders.  We hardly had to wait a moment and our food was out.  The view is also great.  We sat outside which had an excellent view of the Bellagio water fountain.  I can't tell you how beautiful it is to watch the fountain show while feasting on some waffles.  Great times.  If you are worried about the heat from eating outside (we went in August), not to worry.  There are fans with mists to keep you cool.  It was 100 degree weather and it still felt absolutely pleasant sitting there.  I would suggest to anyone to try there when in Vegas, especially for breakfast.
5	J'adore Mon Ami Gabi. The whipped cauliflower is to die. My fiance and I shared the seafood platter - fresh, flavorful, and enough to feed two people. Ambiance is very romantic and it's also good for intimate groups. We are definitely going back for our mini-moon!
4	Friendly and helpful service. Quality food. Love the fries and French bread with homemade butter.
4	GOod stuff.  My fiancee loved it more, but she ordered something a little more adventurious.  I think I got steak and french fries.
4	Fun, fun atmosphere with very attentive service.  Nice varied choices on the menu.  Good food.
5	Came back, because I have fallen in love with this place, and will come every time I am in Vegas.  I had the quiche lorraine this time, and WOW!!!!!!  Ohhhh so amazing!! The Hubby had the blue berry waffle/pancake (can't remember) but I do remember it being amazing!! Soooooo blueberry -eeeee and made well.  They offered to send us with coffee to go!! They are the best!!
4	Super cute place to go with girlfriends. Staff was friendly and a delish, hearty, breakfast to start the day. The portions were big enough to feed two people. I do recommend for everyone to get different plates and try each others.
4	Great place to people watch.  And the bloody marys are good too.  Had breakfast here, so I won't comment on the cuisine other than to say they have a good breakfast.
4	Heard good things about the blueberry french toast and crepes! Was so excited to come here! Location was awesome! Right on the strip and across the street from the Bellagio! Saw the show from our table. Blueberry French toast was good, but nothing to write home about. Service was good. Would come back for the location but try something different! FYI: guys, wear a shirt!!!! Me and my boyfriend wore tank tops.... They gave him a free white t-shirt to wear, but allowed me to wear mine!!! So lame!
5	The Seafood Crepe was amazing!
5	One of my favorite lunch spots in Vegas!
4	This place is great.  Always nice to go for bruch or breakfast every now and then.  Try and sit down outside if you can, the Bellagio fountains are always nice to watch while you eat your inexpensive, delicious meal.
5	One of my favs in Vegas, I go here every time I am in town.  I love the coffee and always bring some home.  Everything on the menu is fabulous love the ambiance and the service is always superb.
3	We made reservation and were seated immediately. The waitress was a little odd. She asked if we have any question on the menu. I started asking her about the steak frites. One of the option was pink peppercorn and I ask her what's in it. She said it the pepper and showed me the pepper bottle. Hmm, I know what's peppercorn is but my question is what's in it. Also, she left us to chat somewhere else and we have to waive to someone else to get the check. On side note, coffee and water were refilled. She did not picked up the glass to refill it. Ahh, it's okay .. the water from the side jug was dripping to my frites. Anyway, the food was okay. The steak was more welldone than my medium liking. The frites were awesome. My honey Gabi fish was a luttle on the dry side. But the frites were sooo good!
5	Great food and ambience.
4	And the best gluten free menu award goes too.... Da ta da daaaa! Mon Ami knows how to cater to us Ciliacs. With gluten free option bread to start and an entire GF menu you really cant go wrong here. Every time I come here i always start with the warm brie cheese. accompanied with black pepper honey and my gf bread you will fall in love. They also have very reasonable martinis here. a ciroc martini is only $12. by far one of the best prices on the strip.I also never miss the Croque Monsieur sandwich. gf bread with ham, gruyere cheese, creme fraiche and it comes with their infamous frites. talk about cheese heaven... They also use a separate fryer for the fries, so there is no flour contamination. You also cant beat the view. Sitting on the patio (everyones favorite) it over looks the Bellagio Water show. Finish any meal you have here with their Creme Brulee. holy wow it is yummy. A great dining experience. Throw in a few drinks and its only around $60ish a person.
5	I have loved this place for years. It never lets you down. Perfect spot for a date, bday anniversary. The trick is to make a reservation, but show up about 30min early and request the outdoor patio that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. You can not reserve them, it's by list only. Worst case scenario, list is too long, you already have your reservation in place for regular dinning. Amazing French food without the over the top French prices.
2	Food was just ok and took 45 minutes to get. With so many good places to eat in Vegas I wouldn't return.
5	We both work in the industry. We were 20 minutes late, our Party was 30 minutes late. We made them move us 3 freaking times to the Perfect patio table. All 4 of us enjoyed our meals. Their patience for our bullshit was immaculate. I'd have been pissed off if they did this to me.
4	Service was okay, excellent food. Highlights: steak frites with the merlot sauce, bread pudding, profiteroles and the warm chocolate tart. Starter bread was amazing.
4	The French baguette that they serve at the beginning was awesome. The onion soup is delicious and not really like your typical French onion soup. The French fries are also very good.
4	Excellent gazpacho, warm Brie and chicken crepe and spinach, asparagus, Brie quiche. Delicious food and nice ambience. Service was attentive but a little slow. A little over an hour. I guess we're just used to eating and running!
5	Their filet mignon elicited a visceral reaction that will never be matched. I thought I'd had the best steak on earth before visiting Las Vegas, but apparently I was very, very wrong. People like to throw around the term "melt in your mouth," but it will never ring truer than at Mon Ami Gabi.
5	This is a favorite spot for office lunch celebrations.  We always ask for outdoor seating because you can't beat the view of the Bellagio fountains or the people watching.  I ordered the lobster roll at the suggestion of our waitress.  The toasted brioche roll was delicious.  As a group we also ordered the country pate and the liver pate.  Not something I would generally order but of the two I enjoyed the spiciness of the country pate.  For desert I recommend the warm chocolate tart.  There were five of us and it was about $30 a piece.  Not bad for a patio lunch in the middle of the week.  Service as always was A+.
3	Very good food and very big portions however the staff was very slow and lacked attention to detail ... I just ask that my drink stayed filled and even that took forever and any request made ie ketchup or syrup would have left your food cold by the time it arrived.
4	We love this place, went here for the first time for my anniversary and dinner was delicious my husband had a steak and fries (frites) and I had the chicken grandmere. We also love to go here for breakfast and we love the waffles and French toast. It is a tourist spot since it is right across form the Bellagio fountains and it is beautiful at night to see. I highly recommend it and am sure you wouldn't be disappointed with whatever you have.
5	One of the greatest French steak restaurants that my entire family enjoyed! We were looking for an affordable place to dine since Vegas buffets are fairly overpriced (and worth it), we decided to try out Mon Ami Gabi. It's located right at the main front of Paris Resort and Casino. It has indoor dining with an intimate feel with dim lighting and candles as the table's centerpiece, but it was really cold from their AC given with Vegas' scorching hot weather during the summer. We opted to dine outdoors since it has the breeze of the AC from inside the restaurant as well as the misting fan for outdoor dining. Outdoor dining is great with the front view of the Bellagio's fountains and pedestrians walking by. The wait wasn't as long (15 minutes) since we had dinner right at 5pm.The pricing is very affordable for steak and comes with a variety of selections. I had the Steak Bernaise (popular choice) and it was so delicious. Their sauce that comes with the entree compliments with the steak. Mon Ami Gabi's steak pricing is a minimum at $20s range and the Steak Bernaise was in its $20s range. Great pricing for a steak with quality! The entire time, I was pleased to see how much my family enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi. Their steak frites was pretty good, not the usual side orders of fries as it was thin and crispy. Their in-house french baguette was hot and fresh that my sister had to ask for seconds. My nephew had the Fish and Chips, but it was not the usual fish battered fish and chips. The fish came as a patty form which was well done and not the typical deep fried fish and came with frites. Mon Ami Gabi has received two thumbs up from our family. Definitely will come back to Mon Ami Gabi next time we come to Vegas.
4	One of the better deals on the Strip for food, this is a good restaurant with a great setting.  I would say that the food is good, but not great, but the prices are surprisingly good considering the location and general ambiance of the restaurant.  I'd say if you're trying to have a nice (but casual) meal while in Vegas, this is one of your better choices.
5	Spectacular! French bistro food at its best! We were fortunate enough to get the patio seating overlooking the Bellagio Fountains so nothing to complain there. The weather was gorgeous. Our server was friendly. And the food was delish! My aunt is vegetarian so she had the veggie platter......wonderful flavours. My cheeseburger with blue cheese was perfection, hubby's steak was cooked just right, Uncle's chicken was tender. For dessert I had the creme brulee which was good but the star dessert was my aunt's white chocolate bread pudding with caramel sauce.....TO DIE FOR!
5	LOVED LOVED LOVED the food, great service, but...You've gotta go at night and sit outside so you can see the Bellagio Watershow while eating but this is Vegas so even at 10pm it's still 90 degrees and kinda hard to enjoy their delicious steak in the heat.  I could never imagine eating on the patio for lunch but maybe a quick drink in the afternoon would be alright.  They do have indoor seating but what makes this expensive meal worth it is the view of the strip, so go late, hope it's a cool night, enjoy the view and LOVE your steak.
5	Love love love. Cute and classy interior, amazing bread in the beginning, the escargot (which I told myself years ago I would never ever eat) was to die for, and just everything was delish. The price is fair and the service great!
3	My experience was soured by our first interaction with the management staff. The hostess was seating us at a table near the kitchen, which I specifically said I did not want in my reservation request, so I pointed to a table for two near the windows to the patio (which is what I had requested.) She said "sure" but began walking us in a different direction. The manager, who had been standing nearby and overheard my request, began repeatedly yelling a table number at the hostess, and when she didn't immediately respond, he clapped his hands in her face and rudely pointed her to the table I had requested. It was embarrassing for me as a guest to have the manager basically treat the hostess as if she were an animal (perhaps he clapped in her face because he didn't know her name, which is just as pathetic.) I told her "I'm sorry. That was not okay." She was almost in tears, as I'm sure she was humiliated as well.  I can only assume that this is his normal behavior, as I also saw him shoo a busser away from a table in a very degrading manner as well.  In the event that any upper management would like to educate this particular person on the proper treatment of his staff, I would identify him as a thin, taller man in his mid fifties, working on Wednesday, September 4th around 10:30 am. My star rating is not based on this experience, rather, it is based on the food. Our server, Ryan, was extremely prompt, knowledgeable, and friendly. Our meals were good, but nothing amazing. My husband had the French toast and I had the eggs Benedict. Neither entree was hot...just warm. My breakfast potatoes (aka hash browns) were barely warm. I assume they would have remade the dishes had we said something, but I really didn't want to wait. The coffee was very weak...like coffee flavored water.The highlight of the meal was definitely the bacon. (Thank you to Ryan for encouraging me to order it!) It was thick cut, glazed with date syrup(?) It was really good but would have been even better if it was hot!The ambiance was very nice (view of Bellagio and the strip and it was light, bright and airy) which, I assume, is the reason this restaurant has gotten such high ratings everywhere.Most of the reason we come to Las Vegas is to enjoy the food, and I would probably not come here again....I would much prefer Bouchon or the breakfast buffet at Caesars Palace.
5	This place always seemed so touristy and theme-park like that I was reluctant to try it. I didn't expect to find such a gem! The food: I started with onion soup, one of the best I've ever had. It was comparable to those I had in Paris.For the main course, I had salmon with terragon sauce on a bed of pureed peas, topped with arugula. This is one of the best salmon dishes I have ever had, very well done. It was flavorful, complex, and well-balanced. This was like Spring on a plate. I loved the fresh terragon cream sauce, it was zesty and refreshing. The salmon was cooked to perfection, slightly crackly and crispy on the outside, moist and tender inside. I have tried to replicate this a couple times at home unsuccessfully. Oh well, guess I will just have to come back here! For dessert, I had a warm pear and rhubarb cobbler a la mode. It is possibly the best non-chocolate dessert I've ever had. In classic French style, they had poached the fruit in red wine, which gave it a wonderful flavor. Also, I like my desserts very sweet, and this cobbler hit the spot.Ambience: We chose to sit in the covered/indoor patio. It is beautifully French. Very classic bistro style. They also have a very French cafe-style outdoor patio overlooking the sidewalk. The view of the Bellagio fountains across the street is also memorable. Service: friendly, but often hard to get your server's attention. Maybe they should have more servers working so they can be more attentive.BOTTOM LINE: amazing fresh modern French cuisine and wonderful ambience make for a memorable experience. You'll think you've been transported to a Parisian bistro/cafe (seriously).
4	Great place to get a steak. My filet mignon was cooked perfectly. Medium rare. My dad ordered the salmon which was good but no where near as good as the steak. Located in the Paris across from the Bellagio fountain so you can see the show while eating.
5	Came here by reservation and it was surprisingly not that busy. I hear that the outdoor seating is a better choice since you get to see the Bellagio fountains across the street but I also noticed the water misters were on and the occasional breeze may spray onto your food and drinks. Nevertheless, the food was pretty amazing. I had the Gabi's fish and frites and the texture of the fried fish was similar to a crab! My friend got the grilled salmon salad and man was it big. I'm not a fan of cooked salmon so I didn't taste it, but my friends liked it! For dessert, I tried the banana foster crepe, SO GOOD but SO SWEET. Your mouth will be coated with caramel goodness for longer than you want. But it was all worth it.
4	We had a great meal and service.  We came early to get a patio table to people watch the strip.  The large prawn cocktail was as I had expected it would be.  The steaks were prepared as requested and had great flavor.  Our deserts were delicious.  The service was excellent by the busser & server.  It was the best buss service we've received in months.
3	Food was ok. What it has going for it is the view from the outside terrace
3	MEN!! WEAR A SLEEVED SHIRT! Look, I get it. This place is a very nice restaurant in the indoor seating area and the patio is a fairly nice as well (if you discount the drunks walking the strip while sucking down Smirnoff bottles slurring at people enjoying a nice meal). It just doesn't sit very well with me that because I was wearing a tank top (in the Vegas heat), I was asked to put on a white t-shirt (free of charge) to dine here. Especially when seated directly behind me was a semi-trashily dressed middle aged woman in her BIKINI TOP!  Rant over. Food was good, service was very good. I ordered the eggs benedict, which was tasty. Our server was very prompt to re-fill our coffee and water. I'd like to give the indoor part of the restaurant a shot for dinner. The decor was very nice and seems like it would be a very fine place to dine. Look for a follow-up review on this one.
5	Loved this restaurant. Food, location and ambiance.....all wonderful. Didn't get to sit on patio because of the rain, but still had a wonderful view of the fountains at the Bellagio!!!!
5	Love, love, love this place! Really great and even affordable food, lovely outdoor seating accompanied by amazing service. My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered; corned beef hash and eggs, croque madame, steak and eggs, chocolate-hazelnut waffles! But my absolute favorite was their escargot! I would say one of the best I've had - yes, in Vegas! Crazy! It wasn't even on the brunch menu, but they still brought it out for me, so sweet =) I love that! (July 2012)
5	My all time favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! As a local, I always take my out of town company here and they never disappoint! Sit on the patio!
4	The brunch menu here is fantastic and the views are amazing. I've taken several out of town guests here and they love it. You can't go wrong with a view of the Bellagio fountains while sipping mimosas!
4	midnight rezzies at mon ami gabi.  be sure to request a view of the ooh-ahh bellagio fountain show.  the best seats are out in the patio.fresh and warm french baguettes for bread.it was too hot for french onion soup although i really wanted to try some.  instead, i went with the hanger steak.  i'm not a fan of matchstick fries but i was so hungry that i ate the lot.  the hanger steak was overcooked but still tender.overall a solid spot for dinner with a view.
4	Good food and very well priced.I enjoyed the quiche very much ... It was great!My wife's omelette was good but not great.
3	solid place, good breakfast option. The only issue is the service is completely hit or miss depending on who you get and at what time. We have walked out from too long a wait a time or too and that is really unacceptable for a vegas spot.
5	I don't know why it has taken me so long to write a review of this amazing consistent restaurant in Vegas.  We have spent many amazing dinners and many amazing brunches at Mon Ami Gabi, and it never disappoints in anyway.  While it now would be considered a bit older - we were staying at cosmopolitan hotel, and for old time sake - we wanted to go to Mon Ami... we were shocked that it is still 5 star all the way, and the escargot and steak frittes were as good as ever.  At the end of the 4 day trip of all the 5 star restaurants we went to, (including Gordon Ramsey's, and Mesa, etc.  and several at the Cosmo), this is still one of our favorite in Las Vegas.  Awesome, and thank you!
4	Unpretentious, well done french food on the las vegas strip.  They offer very approachable classic french dishes, as well as the usual burgers and fries for non foodie types.  Expect nothing fancy; menu is also a bit limited.  Food is great tho, and atmosphere is comfortable with great outside dining (right across from the amazing bellagio fountain!).  Also, reasonable prices for vegas!
3	I thought the French onion soup was a little sweet for my taste.
5	"Steak and entire dinner was excellent. Great service!"
5	This place is dynamite.  I am super-picky about restaurants after having worked in them in college and going out so much for work, and this place just knocked it out of the park.  Absolute dynamite.  The steak, the salmon appetizer, the bread and garlic mashed, everything was perfect.  They even have Dogfish Head Ale which is impossible to get west of the Mississippi River.  I can't compliment them enough.
4	Great appetizers, great drinks, great lunches... what's not to like?
4	Love, love, love this place!! By far, my favorite breakfast spot in Vegas. The various eggs benedict dishes are delicious!! I love the salmon benedict but they prepare eggs in any style and they're all absolutely delicious. The baguette toast is yummy especially since it's served with fresh whipped butter and fruit preserves. My boyfriend had the lamb benedict and loved it! The coffee is splendid and so is the atmosphere. The service is wonderful. I recommend the outdoor seating that overlooks the strip. Go!!
5	Have I mentioned that I love this place? I've only been here for breakfast, so I can't speak for the dinner menu, but everything on the breakfast menu is absolutely delicious. I LOVE the chicken, brie, & apple crepe and end up ordering it every time. But based on the commentary from my dining partners, you seriously can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Even the basic fruit salad is substantial and impressive. When weather permits, I highly recommend sitting on the patio to enjoy the excellent view of the Las Vegas strip. It's also worth mentioning that everyone who works there is exceptionally nice.
4	The outdoor atmosphere is great. Best in Vegas. Has the feel of an outdoor cafe in Paris. The salmon and spinach salad was great. We loved the thinly sliced fries.
3	Came here for breakfast - the service was great, the food was pretty good. But aside from the French Toast that my sister got, nothing seems to stand out in my mind. It was good, but not GREAT, and pretty pricey. But, hey, that's Vegas. However, breakfast places in Vegas are few and far between, so I'll most likely be back.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is located in Paris hotel and it looks like a pretty traditional French restaurant. It's very spacious on the inside with lots of tables. Don't worry about not being able to get one.== Food ==Mussels and fries. Delicious sauce! Creamy with a hint of wine in it. Bread's free here so dip that into the sauce! Mussels were decent size and were pretty good.  French fries were some kind of criss-cut fries.Oysters. Nothing special about these guys but they are delicious. The oysters were interestingly pretty fresh considering that it's in the middle of no where...== Service ==Service was good. Tentative and friendly. The food take a while to come out since they bring everything at once.== Overall ==My stomach is really happy but my wallet is really sad. Doing a mussel and oyster combo is a big drain on funds, but it was great food.
5	Amazing restaurant, it's where I dine on the first night of every trip to Vegas. The ambiance is great, service impeccable. The French onion soup is delicious with a rich broth. The frisee salad with warm bacon vinaigrette and poached egg is a delicious brunch item. Their steaks and scallop dishes are wonderful. I suggest getting the cauliflower puree as a side rather than the frites. Wonderful wine list.
4	We "do" breakfast there on every Vegas trip.  The food is very good.
3	The service suuuuuuuuucked. I feel like our waitress was new, so I should give her a break ( they all have number tags...not name tags....#12), but she was soooooo slow and spacey. The food was just ok. Go for the people watching.....otherwise, skip it.
4	I would def go back. I got the filet mignon merlot with mashed potatoes and the fiance got the new york strip with mashed potatoes. My filet was one of the best I've had (literally cleaned the plate!)....couldn't tell you what my fiance's steak tasted like because he wouldn't let me eat any of it. I guess that's a good sign. Creme brulee was for dessert.Only reason why it isn't 5 stars is because our server wasn't exactly nice. It felt like he was judging us...for what, I'm not sure. Any question we had, he looked at us like we were dummies. Can I have something other than fries? **"are you stupid?" look** What kind of wine do you recommend? **"are you stupid?" look** Ugh!
4	We went to Mon Ami Gabi earlier this year to treat my mother to her Mother's Day brunch.  Initially, we were told that there would be about an hour wait; however, we were pleasantly surprised to be seated within 15 minutes.  The decor and ambiance is a little noisy and crowded, but it's still pretty beautiful and exciting to be a part of.  The food is delicious, but a bit more on the pricey side with smaller portions.  Overall, I believe that my family enjoyed the experience and made some memories that we'll never forget.  Come to Mon Ami Gabi if you're out for a classy meal with good company.
5	On the patio, watching the Bellagio Fountains, sampling Fine Wine and French Onion Soup....what a great way to spend an afternoon.
4	went in with a bachelorette party for a nice dinner and it was great! we had a reservation and got seated right away. service was impeccable! Steaks are large and thin--i shared with a friend. we shared the carafe of sangria, which was delish! this would be a good date spot.  a little pricey, but that's to be expected.
3	I went here for dinner on a Wednesday night. We wanted to sit outside so we had to wait 45 minutes. The hostess gave us a pager but it had a small range: we were confined to one small section of the Paris casino, and it wouldn't work outside. We ended up waiting the full 45 minutes (plus about 5-10 more for good measure).Finally we were led to our table, which was directly across from the Bellagio. Front row seats for the fountains! However, we were also right next to the wait station, so servers were congregating less than a foot from my chair for the entire meal. Awkward, and really close quarters.Our waitress was excellent. Very friendly, clearly knew the menu backwards and forwards. I got the half order of mussels, and she accidentally put an order in for the full size- she let me know her mistake, and said of course she would only charge me for what I ordered but she wanted to warn me in case I ordered the half-size again in the future and was surprised at the size!So the food: the free baguette and butter were great. We both got French onion soup, which was okay. Not bad, but also not great: a little sweet, way more bread than cheese, and definitely not worth $10. I wouldn't order it again. My mom got the steak classique, which was great. I got the mussels, which were mediocre. I wasn't a fan of the wine sauce, there was almost a sour note to it? Again, not terrible but I wouldn't order it again. The fries were good, but cut so thin (and so salty!) they were almost like potato chips. We didn't have any dessert, but the table next to us had the creme brulee and it looked pretty great.I was not overly impressed with the food, but the view cannot be beat. Lots of people-watching on the Strip, and after 7 pm the Bellagio fountains have a show every 15 minutes. The food was not amazing, but I'd be willing to try it again and just order different dishes. The escargot and the roasted chicken looked promising!
5	Been here a million times and will go back a million more.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is my absolute favorite restaurant when I'm in Vegas. I've been here on a number of occasions, both with my love and with his sister for a girls night. Every experience is perfect and lovely! You can't beat the view at night, as you can take in the Bellagio fountain show from the patio. It's always busy, and they don't take reservations for the patio, but if you're lucky there is a space. If you're extra lucky, bartender #86 is there. I can't recall his name, but honestly, he and his partner in crime for that particular evening showed my sister-in-law and I the most fabulous night ever. I can't say enough good things about this place.Oh, and get the white chocolate bread pudding. Just do it.
5	You can't say no to these amazing slabs of meat!I ordered the **Steak Bordelaise** which is topped with caramelized onions and accompanied by frites. The steak is incredibly tender and melts in your mouth! The sweetness from the caramelized onions blended so well with the meaty juiciness. And I couldn't stop popping those frites in my mouth, one after another. They had the perfect texture: thin and crisp yet dense in flavor.The **Paris Romance** cocktail, elegant and refreshing, is composed of Malibu Rum, Amaretto, a splash of pineapple juice, a dash of Grenadine, grapefruit juice, and some secret magic ingredients. Served in a chilled martini glass, it is the perfect accompaniment to such a fine-tuned meal.The decor and ambiance reflect classy French charm, without being overbearing in the slightest. For dinner it was dimly lit and offered a warm comforting vibe. Service was flawless, although I have to say we made it pretty easy since we all knew we wanted steak and frites. You will definitely get the bang for your buck here. Upscale experience but at way more reasonable prices than many other restaurants in Las Vegas. Use your $$$ for going out later that night or hitting up the tables. :)DATE TIP: Oui oui!
4	Steak and Frittes! Steak and Frittes! Steak and Frittes! So delicious here! I came here with my family and we were able to sit outside where we had a great view of watching the bellagio water show while eating some steak and Frittes! Everyone ordered steak and Frittes and it awesome here. The free bread given before are meal was very delicious too, as my mother could not stop eating it. We made reservations here but for the outdoor seating it is a first come first serve basis! The prices of the food here is reasonable too!
4	This place is very good. Pricy!. Great French Onion Soup!
3	Have eaten there several time and sometimes it's great and sometimes it's just okay, the atmosphere is good but for the price the food needs to be more consistant,
5	only way it could be better is if it were actually in Paris.  I'm such a fan and it's the simple foods that show how they get it right.  Like their mussels and pommes frites.
4	Yelp says this is a casual attire restaurant, so we went in very casual. Totally felt under-dressed, but whatever. The only thing they disallow, if I remember correctly, are flip flops and sleeveless shirts for men (according to the sign posted up on the hostess' table in the front). I ordered the hanger steak, which was drenched in merlot butter. My boyfriend got the steak bordelaise with caramelized onions in a red wine sauce, and we got a side of green beans to share. I liked his steak more than mine, but everything was so dee-lish-us! I was very surprised how big the steaks were too. Both steaks were cooked perfectly and very tasty with the sauce. The plate also included a huge portion of frites. Prices aren't bad, given the portion size and quality (we spent about $65 after tip for 2 steaks and a side). Probably less expensive than the average nice steakhouse on the strip. Will definitely go back again next time I'm in town.
3	Very nice atmosphere. The waitress was pleasant and the French Onion soup was good, I've honestly had better French Onion soup at Jason's Deli, no offense, but it was still a nice time!
3	The "fries" are likely not what you expect. Think french fried onions, only with potatoes. Very finely cut and fried to a crisp.Not bad, per se. But not so great.
4	Good italian food-request to sit outside so you can see the bellagio fountains and people watch!
5	This is a FANTASTIC!!!! place to be to have dinner at night request for patio seating because you will see the Bellagio water show. Excellent menu all around and the wine is fantastic!
4	I have been here a few times with out of town friends and we have always sat outside so we can people watch.  You can also see the Bellagio fountains across the street which adds to the great views.  It's a lil pricey for what it is, but it is RIGHT on the strip after all.
5	Perfect, Prefect, Perfect... This is an amazing restaurant.  The food is perfectly made, the location is perfect and the service is perfect.  Every time I go to Las Vegas I always stop by this place for lunch.  Relax for a few hours in the outdoor seating while you see the Bellagio's fountain across the way.
5	What a special place. My husband and I went here after eloping. I made a note on the online reservation form that it was our post-wedding dinner and if possible, we would love a nice table. When we came for our reservation, the line extended out the door and the place was packed. I was hoping we'd just get in, because after all, I've noticed restaurants don't always pay attention to special requests. However, we were seated at a wonderful table for 2 overlooking the Bellagio. We had the honey & brie, scallops and flat iron steak -- all absolutely delicious! At the end of our meal, our waiter brought us a special cream-puff dessert and wished us the best. It was such a special dinner and we couldn't have been happier with our experience. Highly recommend.
4	I had the pleasure of having lunch here with my girlfriend and family recently. We chose to sit out on the strip, a must when you come here. Getting down to business I have 2 things to say: 1) the food is top notch, 2) service is lacking, BIG TIME!I ordered the Salmon Spinach salad. This was the BEST salmon I have ever had! I spent much of the meal looking closely at the spices on it trying to figure out how they make such an amazing dish. My untrained tongue couldn't figure it out, lol. Everyone I was with loved their meal. This was a prime location for our first meal of the trip, and food was superb.The waiter on the other hand, was far worse than any I have had in a long time. He was so distant, and disinterested with us. I felt like us being there was inconvenient for him, oddly enough. And gratuity was automatically added for a party of 5?!?! Gladly he wasn't able to ruin our experience with his attitude.Food is phenomenal, service is disappointing. Hopefully they keep cooking this good because that and location is all this place has going for it.
3	The bread was good, warm.  My hubby had the onion soup and I had the scallops which did not look like the photo.  The scallops were cooked well but the veggies were over cooked and they mushed peas to a mash potato consistency (was kind of gross).  One of the waiters poured the water dropping ice all over the place.  Again is was alright.
4	Several friends suggested this crazy busy French restaurant across the street from the Bellagio water show.Crazy busy.... But CRAzY good. We had waiter 120 (Dion) and everyone except me had the Filet Mignon. I went for the larger, more marbled ribeye, and it was the wrong choice. Although a great ribeye steak, the filet was to die for. Succulent and perfect, it will be hard not to go back over the next few days we are in Vegas!Only reason not given 5 stars is the ambience. It is what it is, just realize your chairs or going to get bumped by staff and it is insanely busy! The food is 5 stars all the way!
3	I made a reservation through Open Table for a family birthday party celebration. When we arrived I confirmed that they knew one of the people on our party was in a wheel chair.  I said it twice and the hostess barely acknowledged me and was more concerned with me getting our entire party into the tiny, packed entry way to prove all of us were there.  We proceeded to block traffic with the wheelchair so no one old get in or out which really didn't seem safe and made a number of people trying to leave angry.  The hostess, however did not seem to care.  Once we were seated I ordered specialty martini for $12.50 and while it tasted good it was very light on the alcohol.My husband started the meal with the chilled apple and celery soup with creme freche and sprinkled dill.  It had a nice flavor and consistency. For dinner my husband and I both ordered the filet.  I chose the merlot and butter sauce and he went with the creme freche.  Both steaks were cooked nicely and were very tender.  I had the frites (fries) which were seasoned better than the steak in my opinion.  My husband had the macaroni gratin (Mac and cheese).  We both agreed it was ok.  Nothing bad about it just nothing spectacular.  Other people in our party had hanger steaks, salmon and burgers.  Overall, the salmon with green beans seemed to get the best reviews.  We ended our meal with the chocolate torte with salted caramel ice cream.  The torte was bitter but the ice cream helped to cut the bitterness.  The ice cream was delicious. The best part of our meal was our server.  He was very attentive and all of our food was prepared correctly.  He answered all of our questions and we never had an empty glass.All in all it was an ok experience, but for the price I'll definitely choose a different restaurant next time.
5	Service 5 star: Very friendly staff. Our waiter Dimitry ("Dee") was very professional and made us feel as if we were his most important customers. He chatted the right amount and made us laugh. When I looked around I noticed that all his customers felt that way. Most people were smiling. He worked energetically as if he had just started his shift when it actually was past the end of his shift (11:30 pm). I am teaching DFSS (customer oriented products and services) and it was very interesting to me to see how he won people over (for himself and his business).Ambiance 5 star: If you get a table out side, then you will be presented with the Bellagio Fountain show every 15 minutes, while you are people watching. Food 4.5 star: Fresh and inventive. Even the burgers are special.Water and bread service: Very prompt and one can easily fill up quickly on the tasty hot baguettes. Furniture 2 star: The outside furniture is very flimsy and cheap.
3	On my last business trip to Vegas, I knew I had to try to stop here for dinner. Made a reservation for 7:30 pm and there was a line for those with reservations! Crazy! Luckily, they had space by the bar so after waiting in line for my turn, I was seated and went straight to ordering.Complimentary baguette (yum!) with butter to snack on before your meal comes.French onion soup $10 - come pipping hot and very filling. Thick cheese with generous portions of onions. This is enough to be a meal by itself. Hangar steak $20 - steak on the lower end of the price spectrum. Great sauce, pretty salty (I'm sure finishing the french onion soup beforehand added to the salty taste), and pretty fatty. I had difficulty cutting into it. Would not recommend this cut of meat. This place has wonderful atmosphere and I'm sure it's even better on the outdoor patio, for another day when it's easier to grab a spot without a long wait. The french onion soup should not be missed, while the hangar steak definitely should not be revisited.
5	Wonderful!  Wait for an outside table. Eggs Benedict was amazing!
5	This place has over 3000+ yelp reviews so we decided to come here. Best place on the strip, nice ambiance and great food. I ordered the grilled salmon and spinach salad and my bf got the Chicken Grandmere- food was excellent and the waiter was very attentive. Price is good too!
5	Server is really nice, food amazing!!! I can't say enough how I enjoyed it!!! You gotta come and try it by yourself. The pancakes are awesome as well as the onion soup.
5	This is the best restaurant in Las Vegas. I am still sitting at the table and leaving a review so people can come experience this! Lol. We had the Salmon Tartine w flat fries and the Blueberry French Toast. Rich food, beautiful atmosphere friendly staff that says "Bonjour" upon greeting us. So affordable, much more for your money!
5	I have been fortunate enough to have had some of the best steaks in the world. From The New York Grill in Tokyo to Peter Lugers in New York. My fillet mignon from Mon Ami Gabi was one of the best, if not "THE" best, I've ever had. My girlfriend had the steak tartare which was also outstanding. Ambiance - 5 stars. (six stars if you can get patio seating on a nice night like we did). The service was prompt and pro. I look forward to coming here again ever time I visit Las Vegas.
3	It has a nice view of the street, I mean the Bellagio fountain. Food is ok, and ambiance is nice, but loud.
5	This place is excellent - I ordered the chicken grandmere (a roasted chicken) and I never thought I could like a piece of chicken that wasn't deep fried so much.  It was juicy and flavorful and came with a side pr sauteed mushrooms and potatoes.   My girlfriend ordered the salmon salad.  I hate fish, but actually considered ordering some more salmon after I ate hers.  The best part of the meal had to be the Sangria (called Frangria there, probably becuase its a French restaurant or something).  The best part about it was that it was in a glass separate from the ice to prevent dilution, which is vital with sangria.  For $8 it was the equivalent of 2 glasses at most other places and was one of the best I've ever had.This is a restaurant that everyone should check out while in Vegas.  It is located right across from the Bellagio fountains at the Paris Hotel so you can get a view of the water show as you eat.
5	Been here each time I have been to Vegas.  Casual dining with a great outdoor area.  If it's too hot, they have mist sprayers!Service is great no matter what time of day you go.  They are open late for those late night "I've gambled for 48 hours let me get breakfast?" cravings!  Lots of French cuisine to choose from.Recommend the ham & cheese crepe.  So delicious!
5	Excellent place.  I admit, I came here for the name - I loved the name and then viewed the menu and it was clear I was going to be a guest here prior to me leaving Vegas.  It's a great atmosphere smart casual and the service is quite lovely.  Very relaxing time with great food and I will certainly return
5	Great atmosphere. Great view. Great drinks. GREAT FOOD.There is nothing that disappoints me more than paying $$$ for a mediocre meal. Mon Ami Gabi always lives up to my Vegas expectations. This place was such a treat. I enjoyed some fresh oysters, shrimp cocktails, house baked bread and a main course while sipping on "Frangria" (a french sangria) and enjoying the Bellagio water view. You can enjoy a dinner with friends or a romantic dinner with your significant other!
4	Great food, better service and I definetly a great place to enjoy a relaxing view of the fountains in the early morning. Can be a bit touristy later but definetly worth trying out.
4	Two of us went to brunch. The servers were very attentive. The mimosas were great and we never waited very long for a refill. The crepes were very good but very sweet - almost like dessert. The eggs Benedict was amazing! The warm Brie appetiser was perfect as well.  We sat in the atrium - it was the perfect amount of outdoor light and not so hot.
5	Suffice to say the food being excellent is an absolute given. From seafood to salad and steaks to dessert there wasn't a single misstep. We were absolutely fat and happy when we left.What I think makes this a must-stop is the SERVICE. There's something so effortless in the way they greet you, move around the tables and anticipate your needs. We had 9 people and felt like we were at a private party with the way our glasses were kept full, our picky needs were met (two steak sauces for everyone? absolutely) and table clearing attended to - especially when we shattered a wine glass. I really believe they enjoy what they do and it comes across from every corner of the beautiful place. It feels like you are in very capable hands - which makes good dining what it should be - an absolute pleasure.Je t'aime, Gabi!
3	Went for brunch on a busy Saturday. We sat out on the patio but didn't wait too long (maybe 15 mins?.. 30 minutes? My sense of time in vegas is nonexistent) They do omelettes right! The eggs were nice and fluffy but nothing to write home about. Standard brunch fare. The coffee was also very good. And the whipped cream for the waffles. mmmmm.....
4	Went here on a wednesday and it was really busy.  Luckily you don't need a reservation for a seat on the patio.  We waited about thirty minutes at the bar than got seated.  The starting bread was really good.  The entrees were good too. Nothing to be amazed by, but rally good for the money.  Great view of the strip and  people watching is great. Definitely recommend for a nice but casual night out when you have friends in town.
1	My friends and I were in Vegas the past weekend to celebrate two of my friend's birthday. One of the nights, we decided to try Mon Ami Gabi because of all the rave reviews we've been reading and hearing about this place, so I made a reservation for dinner service. We were promptly greeted and escorted to our table when we arrived, had our orders taken, and quickly served bread and butter. So far the service and experience had been good up until the point at which we receive our food. My friend asked for his steak to be medium rare and it came out medium. Okay, not a problem since this is a French steakhouse maybe they messed up because too many people ordered it and they just forgot. So we sent it back to the kitchen and he received another steak. The new steak is then cut into and we found it disgustingly BLUE and for the people who don't know, blue means the steak was RAW on the inside. I had to speak up and ask our waiter to cook the steak another time and insisted it be medium rare this time around before my friend finally receive the steak cooked to the temperature that was requested. What angers me is how the staff handled the situation, no deep apologies, comps, perks or anything. In addition, how the hell does a French STEAKHOUSE not know how to cook steak?!!?!? Let's just say this place will definitely not be getting my business after this horrible experience.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for lunch on my birthday and I have to say I was really impressed. The wait staff was very attentive and the food was amazing. I've never had french food but was not at all disappointed. Highly recommend dining al fresco here.
4	Lines out the door for patio seating. Tried two of the breakfast crepes apple-chicken & ham-bacon-egg, both were very good. I plan on going back to try the big skinny pancakes (which I suspect is a big crepe).
5	Fantastic!  Don't miss eating here..we had 2 breakfasts and lunch and should have gone there for dinner as well...fabulous food..fabulous service and great atmosphere...there is always a line for street seating but they have a room with all glass so you are enjoying the outdoors just as well and no lines...indoor seating is just as nice..loved it!!!!
4	Came here on either my second or third day in Las Vegas.  Was looking for something light while I boozed prior to going out that night.  We sat outside watching the traffic on the strip and across the street with the fountain.  Temps were pretty cool outside that evening for how hot it was in the afternoon, obviously being assisted with artificially cooled air.  Beyond the comfortable people watching, we had a few glasses of wine and then I made the french onion soup with gruyere and the tomato salad with Roquefort my dinner choices for the evening.Got exactly what I expected, a quick light bite to eat prior to getting started with more spirited drinking.  I think everyone else enjoyed their food for the most part.  Would definitely stop back again, as it's pretty cheap for the strip in reality and pretty inline with a lot of other comparable options along this block or three.
5	Great place!  I had 7:15pm reservations and arrived at 7:40pm.  They had my table ready despite the long line.  That was great!  Ask to sit in the cafe area if you aren't sitting on the patio.  You can enjoy the best of both worlds (air condition and the fountains)!  We ordered the lamb and also the filet mignon and they were great!  The service was great too!  Be prepared, because some of the waiters are French and at times difficult to understand, but remember you are dining in a French Steakhouse inside of Paris restaurant!  I will be back and it was a great dinner and a great dining experience.  Prices were also responsible.  Great place to have dinner on the strip in a prime location.
4	A weekend jaunt to Vegas with friends to celebrate a birthday weekend ended up with dinner at Mon Ami Gabi. I love this place. We had a reservation, as there were about 12 of us. They would not seat us til all of the party was there. We opted to wait in the crowded bar and have frenchy little drinks til we could be seated. The waitress was awesome! I have multiple food allergies and she first took down, patiently, what they were, so that no cross contamination would occur in the kitchen process. This was a Saturday night and it was packed! She gave me pointers on what to order and there was also a gluten free menu. The menu actually had more than just a few items too and gluten free bread was served with olives just like the other gluten lad bread. Gotta say, I was impressed. I had the filet au poivre ; so good and tender. We had mussels for an app, duck confit and cheeses, as well. Everything was amazing. The creme brulee was a bit boring. All in all its a great place with a great view of the fountains if you get the right seat in the dining room, as we did OR out on the patio. There are warmers, in case of chilly nights. Make a reservation! This place gets busy!
4	Authentic is the word you should use to describe this place. It really reminds me of the bistros I tried in Paris before. Just had escargot and baked cheese during our visit to Vegas. Everything tasted really good. Maybe I'll try my first beef tartar here next time.
5	First impression I got was gorgeous high ceilings and friendly, bustling staff.I ordered the escargot, based on the reviews, and the chicken liver mousse pate. The  first to arrive was the bread, and I have to say, for unflavoured bread (no garlic, no cheese, etc.) this was pretty fantastic. Nothing but purely delicious and fresh bread with some fresh butter! The escargot was soooo good, and served as amazing dipping sauce for my bread after. The liver mousse pate was amazeballs. Really. It had perfectly smooth texture and came with tiny pickles and olives that were a great offset for it.Would definitely come again, especially for that pate!
4	mon ami! Came here for brunch. Such a cute place. Had the poached eggs, corned beef and hash browns. I'm a huge fan of corned beef and this was really good. Also came with toast, butter and jam. Service was good. I would definitely come back to try more things. Maybe dinner next time!
5	Great food and atmosphere!  Highly recommend  Sit outside, people watch and eat!
3	It's really 3.5 stars. Love the location: right across the street from the Bellagio Fountains so you can see the fountain shows Q15-20 min while you're enjoying your meal. The food on the other hand was so so .But then again, I got their onion soup, and perhaps I should have gone with something else, but my throat wasn't feeling so good so I decided to get something warm. The cheese was all clumped together as one huge chunk, and there was a large piece of bread stuffed inside the soup that was soggy. The soup itself tasted just ok, but slightly salty for my taste. The brie cheese with chestnuts was delicious, and I would definitely recommend it. However, I'm willing to come back to try more food from the menu, and you really can't beat the scenic view.
1	Bone-in ribeye is my favorite cut.  It's usually got lots of marbling and good flavor from being near the bone.Mon Ami Gabi served what might have been the worst bone-in ribeye I've had.  It was cooked medium rare, but it was chewy, not juicy, and not really that flavorful (even w/ the super bland bearnaise sauce).  You know it's a bad meal when I think it's not even worth my company's dime (thank you, business trips, for saving me the pain of spending my own money).  I would probably still be disappointed even if I paid half the price.
5	Booked a reservation here for 7:30 on a Thursday night and was surprised we still had to wait in line... nonetheless - it moved fairly quickly and we were seated with a cozy table on the inside corner of the main dining room.  My date and I ordered the warm brie for an appetizer and though he bit into a large (sexy) piece of garlic on first bite, we both agreed that the flavor was incredible.  I greedily slurped down the soup du jour - a carrot/ginger combination that went down like baby food - and ordered the filet mignon au poivre for my main course.  To die for.  The meat was cooked to order and I was only saddened that I couldn't finish because I was so full!  He had the NY strip prepared with carmelized onion and red wine sauce - and it too was amazing.  Both meats were served with the best hand-cut frites I've ever tasted... both crunchy and soft, flavored and oh so yummy... I'd go back just for those.  We shared a bottle of Cotes Du Rhone and skipped dessert because we'd made reservations upstairs for Pistachio Souffle at the Eiffel. Excellent meal.  Romantic night setting.  Could have been the company, but I'd definitely return.
3	Monday morning we decided to have lunch at this place. It was not very busy and we asked to be seated outside. We got seated in couple of minutes. But it took our waitress full 15 minutes to come check on us and see what wanted to drink. I ordered onion soup and seafood crepe.  The onion soup was very sweet, when I complained the waiters told me it's the Spanish onions and not sugar.  But it was to sweet for my taste she took the Onion soup away but did not take it off the bill. The crepe was good with lots of shrimp and scallops. The best part was the baguette, we ate 2 of these baguette with butter and jam. The coffee was weak and slightly warm to the touch.
3	I went here with family . This is a average strip restaurant. This place isn't great its just alright . I've been here for breakfast and dinner service both just okay. For out of towners this would seem awesome but to a Vegas local I've  had much better off the strip.
5	The view of the fountains was the reason we wanted to eat here. It was fantastic. The food was so good too! The baked goat cheese appetizer was amazing, mashed cauliflower was also very good!! And the steak I ordered was great topped with goat cheese. The champagne and coffee we had were also very good!!!  This was the best place we ate at the entire trip! Would high recommend!!! They do take reservations but not for the patio. We had a reservation but they were able to accommodate out requests for the patio with no wait! Staff is all very friendly!!!
4	Had reservations thru Open Table, no problems, we arrived early since all of the bad reviews about wait times even with reservations.  They seated us right away, earlier than expected, yea. A nice French Bistro fare, with a good wine list.  Great decor inside and outside fresco dinign with a view of the Bellagio fountain and hustle and bustle of the Vegas strip. Appetizers looked awesome, especially the escargots, country pate and chicken liver pate.  Husband had the French onion soup, crust with Gruyere cheese and crunchy en crouton on top.  I had the gaspacho, sooooo yummy, fresh tomatoes, splash of Spanish vinegar over crunchy cucumbers and creamy avocados, I have to reverse engineer this recipe!  Salmon with quinoa was fresh and fabulous, the skate in lemon sauce looked good, but I had the seafood in broth, fresh fish, scallops, in a lemon herb white wine broth, soo good and fresh, no room for dessert, but next time!   You hVe to try their Frangria, Beaujolais, conjac, fresh juices and a hint of rosemary..yummy!  Have to come back and taste more!
5	My wife and I ate here almost our whole week for breakfast. This place is PERFECT!!! The wait staff is great, the food is incredible and the prices are reasonable for what you get. The people watching is also pretty good. I wish this place was by my house, I would go here daily
5	Had our 30th wedding anniversary dinner at Mon Ami Gabi and all I can say is WOW!Staff was great as was the food. Be sure to get there early to sit on the patio along Las Vegas Blvd!  Life doesn't get any better.
5	We've eaten there more than once and French food isn't easy to find where we live. The fresh French bread is killer to start the meal. I'd order a bucket of mussels, escargots and skate wings. When was the last time you saw skate wings on a menu?Great view, great service. My French place to go now.
4	Enjoyed the patti melt burger, but the white chocolate bread pudding was a bit of a let down.
3	Had lunch at Mon Ami Gabi on a Friday afternoon around 12:30.  Never thought we would need a reservation as it was not a big Vegas (4th of July, Memorial Day, New Years, etc) weekend, but there was a wait.  They said it would be less than 15 minutes and they were right.  So, it wasn't horrible.  The weather was great so we decided to sit on the patio, but be advised, it's CROWDED out there.  They really cram you in.  We shared the chicken liver pate, escargots and oysters for appetizers.  The winner for me was the chicken liver pate.  Velvety and rich, but not overly so.  I will say, I don't think they serve enough crustinis with it, so I recommend you either order more or immediately ask for more from your server.  We got more bread very quickly, service was spot on.  The escargots were cooked well, tender and flavorful.  The garlic herb butter they serve them in is fantastic.  The oysters were solid, nothing to write home about.To eat, I had the prime steak sandwich.  The horseradish cream left something to be desired, not nearly as much heat as I expected from a horseradish dish.  The steak was not thinly sliced which made it more difficult to eat.  It also needed more seasoning.Overall, it was a good, but not spectacular meal.  I would return, but may sit at the bar or inside.
4	Boyfriend had specifically requested that we go "somewhere breakfasty" Thursday morning when we were in Vegas, so I hopped onto Yelp and came up with Mon Ami Gabi.When we walked up to the hostess, we were informed that there was a 15 minute wait to be seated outside, but that there was no wait to be seated indoors. Naturally, both of us feeling starved, we decided to sit indoors. It was starting to get hot outside anyway. So I'm a little surprised when I'm handed the blue electronic seating buzzer thing and told that I can't walk past the indoor bridge with it because of the range. What? I thought there wasn't a wait! But whatever. Boyfriend and I explored for about 10 minutes before our buzzer went off.Our hostess then promptly led us to our seats... on the outdoor patio. I'm so confused at this point, but the heat really isn't as bad as we thought it would be, and we have a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains, so I can't exactly complain. I ordered the Classic Quiche Lorraine and I'm pretty sure Boyfriend ordered the Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich.The quiche was the size of my face! And Boyfriend's sandwich looked very yummy. We each also got a beer. I think my favorite part of the meal, though, were the hand-cut fries. Sliced so thin so as to almost be chips, each fry was like that super-special, extra-crispy fry from McDonald's everyone fought for. You know what I'm talking about.It was a tad pricey (~$50 for lunch for both of us after tip), but I think it was worth it to try such a highly-rated restaurant on the Strip.
5	Amazing....the food and service were outstanding!!!
5	I am a Vegas local that manages top restaurants, lounges and nightclubs on the strip (not associated with Mon Ami Gabi or it's parent company) and I happy to refer to Mon Ami Gabi as my favorite "go-to" restaurant in Las Vegas. I have eaten at this restaurant more than any other local establishment. I get comps at other locations and pay full price at Mon Ami Gabi and yet I still choose to go there. Food, service and atmosphere are that good. It's my spot and hey always treat me well. Have never had mediocre or bad service. They are very attentive and the floor runs like a well oiled machine. This place puts some serious numbers through the doors on a daily basis. Large space and you will find that every table is sat for dinner seven days a week. I suggest a reservation. They do not take reservations for the outside terrace on the strip that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. Although a true local will figure out ways to get a spot out there w/o waiting with the tourists. A must try is the "Baked Cheese" appetizer. It is a heaping piece of warm goat cheese in an amazing red Italian sauce and spices. Comes with two pieces of fresh warm garlic bread. This has got to be one of the best appetizers in the city! They also have great oysters. Always order half a dozen as an appetizer. Tasty! The steaks are the winner here. They are as good as the meat served in the finest steakhouses in the top casinos. Order mushrooms or creamy spinach as a side. Two - three people can share a side item. Save room for dessert as that is also the bomb! Only have three minor complaints - 1) Tables in front of the kitchen doors are not ideal and very annoying. Refuse to be sat there as he swinging door will open and close hundreds of times during your meal. 2) The paper on the table tops is tacky. We deserve a cloth. You can afford to change them.3) BRING BACK THE FISCHER BEER!!That is it. The price is super affordable and reasonable. Try Mon Ami Gabi and I promise you will not be mad about your decision. If you frequent this establishment than consider becoming a member of the Frequent Diners Club. Really pays off!I am going to try brunch for the first time since moving here seven years ago. Stay tuned for that review...
4	they have some awesome bread. the escargot isn't too bad either.
4	I was impressed with the eggs benedict, it had just the right amount of tang and the yolk was nice and runny.  The potatoes were done perfectly.  We sat in a perfect area, it was like a solarium, indoors but the door was open to the outdoors, with lots of sun coming in.  The inside of the restaurant was quite dark, and it was a bit chilly outside, so where we sat was perfect.  I have given 4 stars instead of 5 because the coffee was extremely inconsistent.  The first cup was so weak, it tasted like the original McDonalds coffee from years ago.  Since I was still not feeling the caffeine buzz that I needed, I figured a second cup of weak coffee wouldn't hurt.  But the second one was actually excellent.  Hoping for another excellent cup, but the third tasted burnt.  Coffee should not be so difficult, the food was excellent!  I tried my friend's quiche, it was a little too salty. (I found a lot of the food in Las Vegas was over salted)
4	I Love this place i always recomend this place to friends and family when they come from out of town. It wont break your bank but you will have a great meal and some good memories. I had a KILLER plate of bouef bourginion here last winter.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is one of those places I wanted to try for years but never managed to for various reasons... The lovely Dyanna and I recently decided to have brunch and day-drink to celebrate my birthday on the beautiful patio. Reservations are not accepted for the patio, so we made a reservation for 10 am on a Saturday for inside seating, but when we arrived the wait for the patio was short so we decided to sit outside instead. The sweet hostess suggested we wait at the bar where the awesome bartender hooked us up  with glasses of vodka so we could visit the bloody mary bar. Oh and what a bloody mary bar it is! Anything you could want in your drink is available for you... Multiple types of bloody mary mix, multiple brands of hot sauce, more veggies than you can stuff into your glass... I was in heaven. The 20-30 minute wait we were told for the patio ended up being more like a 10 minutes wait. We we lead out to a great spot on the patio with what would have been a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains... had they been operating at the time. If you are trying to enjoy the fountains as you dine do not make the mistake we did and go too early! (The fountains start at 3 pm weekdays, noon Saturday and 11 am Sunday)Despite the mixup with the fountains, our meal was fabulous. Both Dyanna and I ordered one of the daily specials. Lemon pancakes topped with blackberries and peaches. So light and refreshingly delicious! The pancakes are ultra thin, more like a crepe. Because we were celebrating my birthday, our waiter also brought out complimentary profiteroles for dessert, which was a lovely touch. Our meal, with multiple trips to the bloody mary bar, was quite inexpensive for dining on the Strip. I absolutely plan on making many return trips to Mon Ami Gabi, and will not make the same mistake regarding the fountains!
5	I absolutely love this place. The Frites are amazing and even the snails are pretty dang good. The food is great, but truly the atmosphere is what is special about this place. The patio is a perfect place to watch all the people of the strip and the crazy action as well as having a front row seat to the bellagio fountain show. The patio is so chill as well. It's the perfect place to have lunch, have a glass of wine, and relax under the umbrellas. This strip is truly one of the few places I will face the strip, tourists, and walking through the Paris casino.
5	For the price phenomenal food!  Beautiful views of the fountains and also great central location on the strip!  I have yet to have one bad thing here and all three dining occasions were amazing!
5	Looking for a nice breakfast/brunch meal?!?!? YOU need to try this place. I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS ABOUT THIS PLACE BUT I AM ABSOLUTELY IN LOVE! Everytime I come back to Vegas, I HAVE TO come eat at this place. Why you say?? Its just soooo romanticccccccccccc! :D Lucky us, boyfriend and I always get seated where we have a good view of the Bellagio Fountains and its just so relaxing! The service is pretty awesome too and the food..the food is just so delicious. I love everything they have here and everything just tastes good! Their breakfast brunch menu is so appealing, I want to order everything on the menu! I've try their benedicts and they are all delicious! Good portion for a morning meal and prices aren't too bad too..considering its at Vegas and in "Paris" haha. But its a perfect place for you and a loved one to enjoy because it is just so pleasant and everyone is to themselves. FOOD! Seriously. Don't read the reviews, look at the photos! They have these pomme frites that are just simply mouth watering! This place is exactly what pleases my taste pallet and I will keep coming back everytime I drop by in Vegas. Must try!!!!
5	Celebrated my Valentines dinner here with a beautiful view, wonderful service, and unbelievable food! The taste of that hanger steak and frites still lingers in my memory, each and every day........ This place has made it's way to the top of my "must dos in Vegas"Until we meet again, hanger steak..... Au revoir :')
4	Very nice restaurant, easy booking, good service and good food. A bit noisy but it's okay.
4	Expensive, but what do you expect...its on the strip.I thought the food was great! I really expected it to be mediocre, but I was pleasantly surprised. My only complaint- the seating in this place is very tight! It made for some uncomfortable moments since we didn't really feel like we had any privacy at our own table. We started with the goat cheese and tomato pepper sauce as an app, and it was delicious. Far from what you'd get "from a can". (Seriously?)The french onion soup came in large kettles and I found it sort of awkward to enjoy....again, too close to my neighbor!....but its one of my faves and it was done well here (: The short ribs and scallops were also fantastic and worth coming back for. The pea puree, of all things, had me raving.There was a 1.5 hour wait for seating outside, so we skipped on that this time, but the inside is really nice.
4	French onion soup is awesome.  Good for those Vegas hangovers!  The place has decent food with a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Make a reservation on OpenTable and walk right in, instead of waiting forever in that line!!
5	Amazing service, love the view of the Bellagio's waterfall and the food was delicious!! Will definitely come back to you guys!
5	Good food, great service - the balcony has got the best view of Bellagio water show.  I tried the escargot for the first time there.  Loved it!
3	I've been wanting to come to this place a few times and this time, I went with a group of girls (9 of us).  We had reservations at 11:30am and we checked in at exactly 11:30.  The waitress told us to wait on the side.  So if you have reservations, shouldn't you be seated at most in 5 minutes?  We had to wait an extra 10 minutes.  After that, the hostess said, "party of 8?"  uhhh no party of nine. "please wait one moment."  more and more and more waiting...Finally we sat down at 11:45am (15 minutes of waiting).  We pretty much had the worse seats in the house.  Outside, in between the restaurant inside where people walk in and out.  We got the whiff of wind constantly blowing at us because of the breezeway.  Already feeling a little upset....2 loafs of bread was brought out with butter, and we all had water and one ice tea.  10 minutes later, our orders were taken.  Mind, you, we finished the bread in less than 5 minutes with 9 girls.  Waitress came back with our waters and ice tea.  10 minutes later, refilled ice tea...another 10 minutes later, brought out knives for those who needed them.  15 minutes later, grabbed our small plates which we ate our bread on.   10 minutes later brought out condiments such as ketchup, butter, and jam. we asked for more bread as well since we were all starving. We have been waiting for our food for about 45 minutes already.  It was taking forever...and the service was pretty poor too.  Finally we get our food, along with the bread we asked for earlier, We were angry because once the food came out, the majority of our plates were kinda cold.  The only hot thing was the burger my friend got and they probably made that last.I ordered the eggs benedict.  Nothing to fancy.  The only thing I really enjoyed was the hash browns.  That was delicious but everything else was mediocre.  A lot of my friends said their dish was okay as well.  I heard the burger was good and they do look good but my tummy was not in a burger mood.  We scarfed down our food in about 20 minutes.  Looked at the watch and we were there for about 1.5 hours!  Ridiculous!  This is definitely not a good place to go if you have a large group.  Maybe a few people would be okay but go somewhere else if you have a big party,....even with a reservation!NOTE:-do not come here if you are on a time crunch-inside/outside seating
5	This is my go to place for the last 12 years, consistent with their dishes and amazing wine selection.For my large groups of 150 or more to my family dinners consisting of 6 ppl, the food tastes exactly the same. Great prices for a strip restaurant. must have appitizer Liver Mousse Pate, and steak bordelaise is my favorite. When it's a diet free day I'll ask for roquefort sauce for my pomme frittes. Best dish on their Plats Du Jour is the Beef Wellington. (Was on Thursdays, now on Sundays) TIP-**If you haven't tried the Shrimp Gabi appitizer, you can still order it. Even though its been off the menu for years***
5	This review is in regards to breakfast. I'm a local living close to the strip and this is my favorite place to go for breakfast here in Vegas. The quality of the food per the price is just fantastic. Their breakfast menu is decent and the daily special(s) never disappoint. I've yet to have a sub par meal! I love sitting outside as the sun rises; it's a very peaceful taste of the strip.Pro-tip: if it's a rough morning, the large latte is 3 shots of espresso and served in a bowl!Yesterday's meal wooed me enough to finally write my first review, ever. I couldn't decide between the 2 daily specials so I got a half order of each. (They can split anything on the breakfast menu except the waffles.)First, I had the "skinny pancakes" aka lemon brushed caramelized crepes with vanilla poached pears, seared figs, and fresh whipped cream. It was literally to die for!!Second, I had the crab cake eggs benedict with hash browns and they were amazing! Eggs benedict is my go-to breakfast order and any of the eggs benedict here never disappoint!
4	Beautiful decor, very French. Dependably excellent food.
4	I recommend al fresco dining over looking the Bellagio fountains. the steak and Frites along with fresh french bread make it a great place for lunch and people watching.
4	I've only visited Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast so far, but I enjoyed having breakfast here. They have a large amount of both indoor and outdoor seating, and the servers are very attentive. They seem to work well together as a team (enough that I actually took notice) and I really never felt like I was waiting for anything. The breakfast menu offers a great selection, ranging from cereal and fruit to pancakes and waffles, egg dishes, and crepes. I tried the blueberry french toast, which comes with a home-made blueberry syrup and uses home-made brioche as the bread. It ended up a little too sweet for my taste, but the dish was prepared beautifully and came out very quickly. I also ordered a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice because I felt a little under the weather, but found it a little disappointing. You get a small wine glass of juice for about $4, and it really looked and tasted more like tropicana with extra pulp than real fresh squeezed orange juice. I wouldn't order the juice again, but I could definitely see coming back here again anyway.
4	I came here last year for dinner with Gardenia H. and Keri W. and I loved it. We were seated on the patio so we had a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains (which were doing their water show) and had this lovely breeze coming through. It was so nice and relaxing to be out there, not to mention enjoying great company and delicious food! We were started off with complimentary bruschetta, which was delicious, although a little hard to eat since we had to cut the bread outselves (they gave us a full loaf).For our steaks, Gardenia got the Filet Mignon Au Poivre (creme fraiche) and Keri got the Bone-in Ribeye (22 oz with bearnaise sauce). I no longer remember what their steaks were like, but we unanimously agreed that mine was best. So what did I get? I listened to all the Yelpers on here and got the Filet Mignon Merlot (butter, red wine reduction). I got it medium rare and it was DELICIOUS. So tender and flavourful. I still think it was one of the best steaks I have ever had. And all their steaks come with their signature hand-cut fries, which are also really good. Keri also got Whipped Cauliflower as a side. It was just fine to me (I'm not a fan of cauliflower), but I think Keri liked it. And for dessert, we got their Bananas Foster Crepe (warm bananas, foster sauce, vanilla ice cream). Such a perfect (and delicious) way to end the meal :)The patio was a little crowded, but it was still a great experience. They do not seem to have a bathroom inside the restaurant, I was told to go inside the casino and use their bathroom (it was a 30-second walk from the front of the restaurant). Our server was nice and friendly and I had a great time here. This place probably deserves more like 4.5 stars but I'm leaving it at 4.
4	Very cute atmosphere!  The service was great.  The restaurant wasn't too loud and the food was amazing!  They make the best French Martini ever!!!!
5	View amazing! Food amazing! Good for breakfast after a long night at the club!! Make a reservation for the patio at dinner.
2	This rating is more so geared toward service and overall experience and not the food per se (since I havent tried most of the menu).  The two stars I gave were for the beautiful view of the water dance show from Bellagio situated opposite from this restaurant.  Last weekend I came here for brunch for the second time.  I called in a month ahead to reserve a table, but we still had to wait for almost 20 minutes for a table.  Once we were seated, I realized we had the most unpleasant spot in the entire restaurant.  Why? Well, our table was in the lobby connected to the patio outside.  Therefore, cold air was constantly blasting toward our direction.  Because I didn't know any better, I wore a tank top that morning thinking it was such a beautiful day.  After sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to start covering myself up with the napkin (even though that didn't really help at all).  Aside from the location, the service is subpar.  We ordered our food and it didn't come out for another 45 MINUTES!!! That is ridiculous! Not only was I (and the rest of the girls at the table) cold, I was also hungry for 45 minutes for them to get the food out.  Now for the food part, I ordered off the brunch menu so I got the corned beef hash and poached eggs with roasted red pepper ($12.95).  Let's just say I was equally disappointed with the food as I was with the service.  My dish came out cold...and you know with poached eggs, they would taste terrible with not warm.  I enjoyed the hash-browns as my side dish though.  Would I want to come here again??? NO!
2	Rushed service ruined what could of been a great night out. The view of the Belagio fountains is unsurpassed. Food was tasty and flvors blened well. But the serivce. They were burning them and turning them. I guess that what happens when there are lines out the door there?
4	I've been going here for years and have had nothing but good food and great times! Try to grab a seat on the patio if you can.
2	Only came here because a friend has already made reservations in advance, the ambiance was nice made me felt like I was in paris cafe, only one thing that I can remember is dont order anything that is chicken...its just plain dry and salty. Besides that service was nice and great and they even offered to exchange it for something else.
4	We read about this place on yelp and really enjoyed our meal. The only reason we're not giving 5 stars is that we reserve that for absolutely mind blowing. Make no mistake, the food was delicious and the service was impeccable. We ordered the warm brie,  steak frites bordelaise medium rare, and French Toast.Brie was perfectly warmed and softened with roasted garlic cloves, toasted macadamia nuts, and Yummy honey drizzle.  The steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were thin, crispy and delicious. The French Toast was made with brioche, just the way true "pain perdu" should be made. I highly recommend trying this delicious classic. We sat on the patio and had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains. Overall exactly what you would hope a Sunday brunch should be. A delightful surprise in the middle of the strip.
4	Sit on the patio, its worth the wait.  Food is always good. Great people watching on the patio. I haven't had dinner here yet but breakfast & lunch are awesome. Prices are comparable to other Vegas strip restaurants.
5	Out favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas. Wait for an outside table, get a Bellini, some coffee and the ham and cheese crepes. We always eat here when we come to Vegas.
5	This review is for the breakfast.  Absolutely LOVED it!  I came in on a Sunday at 9:30 and was scared since there was a line out the door.  However, when I got to the hostess desk she told me I could be seated right away inside or there would be a 10 minute wait for the patio.  Patio, of course!  It's a great place to people watch.  Everything was super on point and the hostess was super nice like asking questions.  Service was also very very nice and everything seemed busy around but it never felt rushed.  I ordered the mixed berry waffles and bf had the eggs Benedict.  Coffees and waters were kept filled and the food came out in a timely manner.  The food itself though was SO good!  The waffles came in 4 pieces with very fresh pieces of fruit.  The waffle batter was nice and thin and stayed crisp on the edges even after I poured syrup on it!  It came with a nice side of whipped cream.  I ordered a side of date bacon and it was so delicious.  It tasted sweet and crisp.  I had a bite of the bf's benedict and he also loved it.  It came with a side of hash browns.Prices were very reasonable for Vegas food.  I will definitely eat here for dinner next time and try the steak!!
3	Amazing food, service was a little slow for 10PM at night.
4	Since we were staying at Paris, we decided to try this always crowded restaurant for brunch. We were able to make reservations on Open Table just in case, and walked in 15 minutes before our reservation as we were starving. I would have liked to wait for the outdoor seating, but my friend prefers indoors so we had a nice table near the outdoor dining area. Much brighter than the area when you first walk into. The restaurant is much larger than I had expected, and we were seated at a nice table that sat 4 for the 2 of us.They gave us a fresh baguette with butter, very delicious, and didn't tear up the roof of my mouth. We decided to get a butter lettuce/argula salad as we needed some veggies from our fatty weekend. All the sandwiches looked tempting, but I had been on an Earls binge, so I opted for the classic quiche lorraine, and my friend had the chicken and brie crepe.Our server was very attentive and offered a refill on our mimosas, but sadly we declined. Could get 10 of those for the same price at the casino! :) Mimosa was great though, would definitley recommend. Salad was light and refreshing, and their chickpea croutons were superb. My quiche was perfect, a very good size (medium pizza size) and the egg was creamy and delicious. The crepe was a bit too healthy for me, a wheat type of concoction, but my friend thoroughly enjoyed it. The best part had to be the addition of the french fries. I had read they were like potato chips and they really were. So thin and crispy, anyone who loves crispy fries would love it. They also gave me a lemon aoili and stone ground mustard since I don't eat ketchup.There was an annoying fly that wouldn't let us enjoy our meal as much as we would have liked to as we had to keep swatting it away. For the price, everything was fantastic, and I would dine here again as their prices of their steak are very fair as well.
4	We came on a Saturday afternoon for brunch and I ordered 1. Mussels for appetizer 2. Ahi tuna burger with fries, 183. Seafood Crepe, 15- To be seated faster, we got a table next to the bar. Patio seating has a longer wait time. - Free loafs of bread and butter. - Mussels were soft and flavorful! Use the sauce on the bread to savor the taste! - Food presentation was great. Matched ambiance of restaurant. - Ahi tuna burger was a bit too salty for my liking. The waitress was polite enough to replace my order with the Seafood crepe. - French fries was like a fashion chip and French fry. Crispy, flat, and tasty. - Seafood crepe was delicious! 2 scallops and 2 shrimps. Very savory. Better choice.- Great for a nice gathering when you haven't seen a few friends for a while.
4	We came here a few months back, but this wasn't the first time here. This place is great! I've never had a bad meal here or even a semi good one. It's all been good. Last time we came I had the quiche which is always yummy. The husband had the steak and eggs and WOW! Had a bite of the steak and it was delicious. The reviews are legit. This place is great and is our go to restaurant when we go to Vegas.
5	Love the ambience, service and food! Patio great!
4	This place is awesome because of the atmosphere. Its one of those places that if the food is average the atmosphere will just make everything taste better. Sitting on the outside patio you feel like your in another world and forget that your sitting on the strip. Have a cup of coffee and a person to have a conversation with and you'll love it...DONT SIT INSIDE!
5	One of my most favorite places on the strip. I highly suggest the french onion soup and an early reserved seat on the patio!!
4	Took my company out to vegas for the weekend.  Made this stop as our company dinner.  Made reservations over a month before.  called ahead and asked how long the wait time for my 8pm reservation is going to be.  They said at 8pm.  I was kinda shocked by that answer.  i said you're on time.  They said yup.  I was impressed by that.  Walked into paris the well the paris hotel and casino is nice!  The restaurant is to the left when you enter.  As you're walking by the strip you see the patio of the restaurant.  Walked in, got seated in door and ordered drinks for the crowd.  i had the scotch and it was priced at $12 a shot.  Which is avg for a nice spot.  On to the food.I shared my plate with my girl and ordered the bone in rib eye.  other items ordered were the roasted chicken, fish (trout) and the filet.  Ordered the cheese plater for the apps.  Starting off with the cheese plater. Small amount but tasted good.  The rib eye was outstanding!  perfectly cooked. The filet i was told was also perfect.  The trout the wife of an employee couldnt stop talking good things about.  The chicken i had a few bites of and it was also very good.  The spot knows how to get things done.  Thats why they have a small menu. They keep it simple.  Only reason why it didnt get a 5 star was because you had to walk into the casino to go to the restroom.  I mean come on people you have a great restaurant and you cant build a restroom in it. You have to make me walk the smokey casino to piss.  Not cool.
4	I may not been to Paris yet, but dining at Mon Ami Gabi on a lovely night was close enough. Situated with a front row view to Bally's famous water show across the street, my friends and I treated ourselves to a night of great food and company before heading over to the club. We made reservations and were seated promptly outside after we requested for a patio table. The atmosphere was lively and bustling and the water show coming on every 15 minutes gave the restaurant a romantic ambiance. Service could not have been better, as our waiter was extremely kind and accommodating enough to run down to grab band-aids for some of us girls who had gotten blisters a little early from our evil high heels. For starters, I just had to have the famous French onion soup. I haven't been able to find the perfect French onion soup for a while now, so trying it at an authentic French restaurant seemed like the right place. It came served in a generously deep bowl with plenty of melted cheese brimming on top. Sweet and savory with slivers of caramelized onions and cheese in every sip, I just had to share this with my girl friends. They all had plenty of fun dipping our complimentary bread in the soup. For my entree, I'm actually not a huge steak fan so I didn't end up getting the steak, which is what this restaurant is famous for. And I'm sad to say that I slightly regret it. I had the Caramelized Sea Scallops and while they were scrumptious, I have to say that five pieces of medium sized scallops just wasn't enough. It came with some sugar snap peas and carrots on the side but it would have been nice if it came with either another side or a larger portion to round it off. The frites (fries) were amazing though, and I would've ordered any of the Steak Frites dishes just to have these. Now if you're familiar with In-n-Out, you know those tiny, crispy slivers of potatoes that are too small to be considered actual fries that happen to taste like potato chips? Try having your entire portion of fries exactly like this! Now that is a dream come true. A great alternative for good eating if you don't feel like overstuffing your face at the many buffets on the strip, Mon Ami Gabi is the place to go.
5	I finally ate here today!  For many years, I would walk by and hope that I could get a table on the Terrace and watch the action on the Strip.   Today was my day!At 3.00, I was walking by and saw a great table open on the Terrace.  Within minutes, I grabbed it and began my wonderful evening of drinking Whiskey, eating an excellent Steak Frites Plate (French style Steak and Fries) and savoring a Banana Foster's Crepe........while daydreaming and checking out the beautiful Bellagio Fountain Show (5 times) and enjoying the cool people watching on the Amazing Strip.This was one of most entertaining afternoons on the Strip.  If you can, you must do this once....its worth the entire trip to Vegas!
5	Boyfriend and I ate here after seeing Jersey Boys. After our horrible lunch at Sugar Factory my BF was a little apprehensive eating inside theParis hotel again. I told him I was hungry and we found this place. We had one of the best burgers ever. The fries were not my cup of tea because they really thin like chips but they were still good. Nice atmosphere and perfect ending to our date night.
5	Might be one of the best #foodielicious scallop dishes I have ever eaten in my lifetime. The scallops were cooked to perfection and served with vegetables that were co-stars in the show. I don't like peas, but the pea puree was incredible. I wanted to lick my plate! If you do anything or order anything...order and eat the caramelized sea scallops. If I was in Vegas right now I would go to dinner and eat the scallops.What made the scallops even better...the service was impeccable and the view was 5 stars! Our server was Assaouir and she knows her stuff. I ordered the scallops and she new the perfect wine to pair with the dish. She was so friendly and had excellent knowledge of the food and wine. And if the food quality and service is not good enough for you...go for the view! We sat on the patio and had a view of the strip sitting underneath the Eiffel Tower and across the street from the Bellagio fountain show. Every 10-15 minutes a new song and fountain show was entertaining us. Oh, and not to be forgotten is the fresh french baguettes that are served with delish butter. We also ordered dessert...this menu is top notch! The service was on par and the view is world class and classic Vegas. But the sea scallops...they were the star of the show! Don't miss this place...it's worth every penny!
4	Great spot on the strip to enjoy both great food and the Bellagio water show at a reasonable price. You can experience French cuisine or stay safe and order and a well appointed steak. Reservations are very necessary. We arrived on a Tuesday and found many folks disappointed they would be eating elsewhere.
2	Was lazy in planning and didn't make reservations in time for anyplace better.  First time visit here for me, last Saturday night.  Food was just okay, especially considering the prices.  I guess you're paying for the view of the Bellagio fountain across the street.
4	Good value restaurant on strip! Great view take outside seat good food!However, be sure you make reservation!
5	I've had a lot of Filet Mignons and this is one of the best filets I've ever had. The atmosphere is beautiful and prices are on par with other upscale steakhouses. Don't miss out on the creme brulee!
5	Some of the best French toast I have ever had! The blueberry syrup and whipped cream made it even more perfect.
4	Nice experience, wonderful view, however the food has gone downhill since our last visit.  We live in Las Vegas, and have dined there a few times.  Always wonderful food.  The prices are very reasonable based on strip standards, but the steak is really not that much better than what you find at Outback.  Also, the Steak Frites fries are more like chips than they are fries.  The bread, and desserts are still totally fabulous.  With all the other choices, it will be a while before we try this again.If I could rate 3.5 stars, that would be more accurate.
4	Delicious!But expensive as the portions are realy small. Me and my husband ordered 2 main course and were still hungry :(But we have to say both salmom dish and the vegtable dish were PERFECTLY tasty ;)If you go there do one of these option:1. Eat a bit before so dont come HUNGRY2. Be ready to spend more money and to order more than one main course per person. Decent dish cost arround $20 so $40 for person its A LOT!
5	Excellent.  Our server was wonderful and very helpful.  Food was delicious. I had pan seared scallops and I ate them in about 4 minutes.
4	Luv Mon Ami for a quick, casual, reasonable meal (for the 'new, foodie' Vegas). Luv to sit at the bar with a dirty martini, eat pate, escargot, scallops, etc. The bar is the best place to be (no long wait and often, no wait). Cool place for a casual meal.
2	Ok, I have no idea where they got those 3000+ reviews and 4 stars but dinner was extremely disappointing. I am actually in the middle of it as I write this. I got the ribeye with Merlot butter and i can honestly say you're better off buying a prime ribeye steak from Ralph's and grilling it yourself. I know this because I've done it and it was 10x better than the ribeye I have right now.I got the medium/medium rare. The first one they gave me was burnt outside and one inside. Not charred, burnt. It was very bitter. I sent it back and got a new piece. This time, it was cooked fine but it is bland, maybe some finishing salt would've been nice. But the real complaint is that, for a medium rare steak, it is extremely tough! I even asked to make sure they're using prime beef and they assured me that they were but I am chewing rubber and my jaws hurt. Again, the meat you get at Ralph's seems better than this. I'm still hungry but I can't chew anymore so I'm giving up. The pomme frites are pretty good and they were nice about taking the food back, thus, the 2 stars. And I guess the mojito is pretty decent. The merlot butter is just that. A piece of butter floating around in a vat of Merlot. Not horrible but nothing special either. The steak was cheaper compared to other Vegas steakhouses so generally, the saying holds true. You get what you paid for. Definitely not coming back.
4	This restaurant is amazing! The hostess were not very welcoming, but our food server Tracy(If I remember her name correctly) was very attentive and gracious at all times of our dinner. I had the Onion soup to start w and that was delicious! And ended with the Hanger Steak which was mouthwatering! Yum! Everyone at the dinner table was very satisfied. Desserts was also enjoyable! I think we had the white chocolate bread? But every dessert choice on the menu looked very tasty!
5	I like the desserts menu. Great place to have family time
5	A wonderful breakfast/brunch experience. Menu is varied, but dedicated to french inspired cuisine. The food pays close attention to detail and offers fresh ingredients and creative cuisine. Service is good and the restaurant can accommodate large parties. I highly encourage you to try Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast.
5	The perfect place for a romantic 30th wedding anniversary dinner.  Food and service was superb!  Thank you Mon Ami Gabi!
5	TIP: Make a reservation on OpenTable to avoid a long wait!  Just note that your reservation will NOT apply to patio seating, but you can just cross the street after dinner to watch the Bellagio fountains.My sister raved about this place, so we had to try it out.  She wasn't wrong - Mon Ami Gabi is exceptionally well-priced for the strip and the quality of the food.  The complimentary French bread was addictive and our steaks and wine were fantastic.  The tables are a bit close to each other (especially when there is an obnoxious group of 16 seated next to you), but the service was excellent and attentive.  Highly recommended!
5	Second trip in 5 months.  This place is no fluke.  Impeccable service, the eggs Benedict and accompanying potatoes were superb.  As was the mimosa.Also lucked out.  Had reservations for 9 a.m. on Saturday for breakfast.  Once there, I took the chance of asking if a table was available on the patio (it was a gorgeous morning but the patio did look full).  We were led to a table front and center on the patio. Never hurts to ask!  Great experience.
3	Taste: 3Value: 3.5Cleanliness: 4Atmosphere: 4Wait time:4Overall:31 being the worst, and 5 being the bestCame here with a big group( of 14) and we were some how able to get reservations, I was told this place is usually booked out a month in advance, and some how there was a drop out and we got lucky( we were trying to book about 3 weeks out)Even though we had reservations it still took over 30 minutes to get us seated which was a bit disappointing especially when you are hungry.They ambiance is dark lighting, semi romantic. as you walk in you dont feel like you in vegas, which is nice to get away for a second.I order steak of course, which they are know for, the steaks are average between 25-35I was say this was the best steak that I had for the price, most steaks under 20 dollars taste like rubber, and usually the only other steaks that I like are LB steak, Alexanders, Sage, craft steak etc, but those run you closer to 80-90 which are good too.The steak I ordered rare and came as asked, flavors were good, tender juicy. The cut it self was pretty thin, I was expecting more of a normal cut, but for the price it cant be beat.They also give you full sized bread baggets at the table when you sit which were nice, I used mine to soak up some of the juices from my steak.The fried onion things that came with it were okay, not much flavor, it felt like you were eating/ tasting just air.Over all I would come back again, at the price point the quality/ value is very good, however the wait/ reservation part is banannas
4	People always come to me to ask where to eat in Vegas that is a good meal without breaking the bank. Mon Ami Gabi is always on that list. The food is French Bistro. They do a great job with all the French standards. Nothing too flashy, but consistently good. The steak frites was good. Really enjoyed the cheese surrounded by tomato sauce thing. Mon Ami Gabi even does a pretty descent brunch with make your own bloody mary bar.One thing Mon Ami Gabi has that is worth it is spectacular views of the Bellagio fountains. So try to get a seat by the street for the best view.If Picasso across the street is way out of your price range, and you want some classic French food, Mon Ami Gabi is a solid choice.
5	Wonderful location.  Personable service. Arrive early for patio seating.  Escargot is great.  Dip the bread in the sauce. The oysters were very good.  Ordered the filet with red wine sauce. All staff was very attentive.  Had a very enjoyable date!
4	Great spot on the strip for a quick bet of French cuisine. If you have any friends from out of town, this would be a great spot to take them to.
3	This place was very decent for breakfast, but had a lot of downsides. We came at 10:30am with no reservation but there were many open tables. There were 6 girls all at the hostess booth and it was clear they had no idea what they were doing or how to act appropriately. They were confused, giggling, whispering in each others ears (I'm not joking) and overall just rude and completely idiotic. They told us we would be seated immediately yet waited 30 minutes. Many more people started coming in and were told to wait as well, but there was no where for anyone to stand so everyone was crowded in a small space around the hostess booth and were told rudely by the hostesses to move. Anyways once seated, there were about 60 flustered waiters that were all running around yet doing absolutely nothing. One waiter for water. One waiter for bread. One waiter for drink orders. One for food. None would make eye contact when it was obvious we needed something. They also were barely speaking audible English and overall it was the strangest service. Now the food was decent...not anything amazing, just ok. The scrambled eggs were a little bland an cold, the bacon was good, the hash browns were totally undercooked and bland. I was very hungry and hungover so with the right amount of salt and ketchup it was decent. If anything, I HIGHLY recommend the Nutella waffles with homemade whipped cream....wow. Amazing. I'm giving it 3 stars because the prices were very decent ($11.99 for my 3 eggs/bacon/hash) and the location was beautiful. I usually never mention service in my reviews but this place seriously needs some new management. But honestly I feel like 80% of the people that work in Vegas are strange, confused, rude and stupid. Not to be mean....but I've gone twice and always notice how incompetent everyone is.
5	When I come to Vegas, I always pay a visit to Mon Ami Gabi. I make sure to make reservations, and even then there is often a small wait. This place has a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain show from the patio. The inside seating is more classy and formal. Service is excellent. They even come around to scrape the bread crumbs off the table.I always order the filet mignon with red wine reduction sauce, which is one of the best I've eaten anywhere. It is so soft and melts in your mouth. It comes with a generous side of frites as well, which are pretty good, but nothing too special. My parents got the lobster tail, which was so fresh and sweet. Their caramelized scallops appetizer is to die for as well.
4	Sunday brunch and it was pretty packed. Had a spectacular view of the Bellagio fountains. We had called prior for reservations and still had to be waited to be seated. The menu was pretty basic: crepes, egg Benedict, pancakes, waffles, and some not so "breakfast" items like onion soup. There was a Sunday Bloody Mary special and the bar was fantastic. I personally ordered the egg white and turkey omelette. It came with toast and potatoes. The potatoes were way too buttery and the omelette was at most basic but deliciously combined with avocados and tomatoes.
5	Fabulous cuisine and wine selection. I've been here twice now and will continue to visit everytime I am in Vegas. The steak is fantastic and the tomato sauce with goat cheese appetizer is to die for. The service is great and the waiters are very knowledgable about wine selection.
4	I noticed this restaurant when we visited some friends staying at the Paris Hotel and thought it looked really nice from the outside.  They had great reviews and so we came for breakfast the next morning.  I ordered the eggs benedict, and my husband ordered a ham and cheese omelette.  The eggs benedict were very good.  The sauce was delicious and just the right consistency.  The hash browns were perfectly cooked...crispy on the outside...just way I like them.  I had 2-3 cups too many of their coffee, but it was also really good.  It was a little chilly outside, so we sat indoors, but in a windowed open part of the restaurant.  It was a sunny day and it felt like we were dining in a greenhouse.  It was a perfect morning in Vegas and the company and conversation were great.  We ate at many places in Vegas during this trip, but this was probably the most memorable.
4	Came here for an early dinner before going out with the girls. They bring a Baguette to your table, which is warm and yummy upon arrival :) I got the filet mignon with a red wine reduction and it was delicious. The portion for the price is reasonable, but you should look to spend about $50 per person especially if you're getting steak.I also got the baked brie to share with my fellow diner, which was just okay. The steak is definitely worth trying though. Note: please do not try to come here after a pool party in your cover up or bro tank, they will not let you in. Actually that's exactly what my friend did, and they were nice enough to give him an oversized t-shirt with sleeves to put on over his bro tank. Perhaps this tip can save you the embarrassment. Luckily I wasn't with him when he went to dine there :)
2	Went for my 30th bday and the service couldn't have been worse. It's too bad because the food was great.
5	We ate here back in May and loved it. My husband ordered the lemon pancakes, they are not your everyday pancakes of course, a cross between a regular American pancake and an a crepe it was divine. I ordered the salmon eggs Benedict and it was delicious. They have a great Bloody Mary bar, we sat outside on the terrace enjoyed a lovely breakfast people watching. This place is always busy I recommend you make reservations.
4	This is a place that's always packed so reservations are an absolute MUST! For an appetizer, one of the folks in our party of 10 ordered garlic bread with goat cheese and a red sauce. OMG! It was fantastic! I would have that with every meal if I could pull off the massive garlic aftershock. For dinner, I ordered the steak roquefort. The steak had incredible flavor and was enormous but was a bit gristly so that was a disappointment. The pommes frits were spectacular but I was already full from the carb load of bread so I wasn't able to make a dent in them. I didn't see the total bill, but the place is worth a visit!
5	OH MY GOSH........ :)))))) YUM!Every time I visit Las Vegas (at least once a year) I have to eat at Mon Ami Gabi or I'll get EXTREMELY GRUMPY AND UPSET.  The taste and price for the courses are unbeatable!  If you get a good seat on the patio you could watch the water show at Caesar's Palace - really romantic!  I've been here for anniversaries, birthdays, New Years, and well... any time I can actually.  My two favorite must-have dishes are:FILET MIGNON MERLOTFor steak, you MUST order this particular entree.  It is the only one I love to eat and only $35.   Compared to the other steak restaurants in Vegas this is a fantastic deal and the red wine reduction sauce is savory and not too heavy.  All steak dishes come with some crunchy thin steak frites that were kind of weird at first but I eventually learned to love.  Please order this!  I've tried almost all of them and the Filet Mignon Merlot is the best!BAKED GOAT CHEESEI recently had this dish and for something so simple I was blown away.  All it is is delicious goat cheese in a warm tomato soup served with fresh garlic bread.  I was so heartbroken when I couldn't eat this again because I was short on time my last trip :(.  This is an amazing starter/appetizer  I am determined to order it on my next visits to LV.The free bread and dip they serve at the beginning of the meal is delicious as well.  Almost everything I've tried here was made to perfection and I was never disappointed.  CHEF TERRY LYNCH... THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for your expertise and wonderful talent.  You are truly a culinary genius and it's no wonder this place got such rave reviews.  The truth is.... I FREAKING LOVE YOU!  There, I said it.
5	I went here at the end of June this year with my family to celebrate my parents' 28th wedding anniversary with them. The wait to be seated inside was long so we decided to be seated in the patio area, even though it was a typical hot summer day in Vegas. What was nice was the table umbrella kept most of shaded and the breeze was nice that day. The four of us who got steaks loved our plates. My parents also enjoyed their seafood plate. The bread and paste that we had for starters was also delicious. The overall ambience was nice. It is Parsian themed afterall! What made the evening even more special was the water show going off at the Bellagio. We had a pretty nice view of the show. I would definitely eat here again.
3	Great atmosphere. Very tres-chic. The candles on the table and dim lighting give a nice romantic-feel but it's really loud. Food was a-ok. Not the best steak I had but the great wine selection makes up for it. Oh, and the view of the Bellagio water show was not too shabby. Would I go here again next time I'm in Vegas? Yes, if I'm craving good wine and decent food at a reasonable price.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. And yes, it has a lot to do with the location. Best patio dining in Vegas! The food is very good. Maybe not world class, but excellent. I also like it bc of its casual atmosphere. Their baguette is amazing!  Also good are the cappuccinos, their quiches, filet mignon, and the white chocolate bread pudding. Go here if you want to slow down, sit on a patio and perhaps read, and see the fountains across the street at the Bellagio.
5	Fabulous food!  Great place to people watch since you can sit right outside.  Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains!  I highly recommend the mussels and the sangria!!
5	The food, service and atmosphere are all top notch!  We waited for an outside table on a sunny Friday afternoon and were not disappointed by the whole experience.   I'm not sure how anyone pays attention to the Bellagio fountain across the street with the amazing people watching opportunities right in front of you.  Our waiter was fantastic.  He helped us with our meal decisions (my husband had escargot and I had the baked goat cheese) and was overall super pleasant.This place is run really well.  There is staff all over talking into earpieces making sure everyone is being taken care of.The best best best thing about our whole experience was the white chocolate bread pudding with homemade caramel sauce.  So good. But we are definitely going back for another meal and will for dure end thst one with the warm chocolate cake!
5	Delicious food, great selections, great wine/drink list and awesome strip views! Prices REASONABLE for the location. Great for a date or just dinner out with friends.
3	Service is Ok, the food was OK , not what it used to be
3	There were 5 Hostesses at the front desk and still no one took us to our seat.  Reading other reviews, I guess this must be normal.  Once I asked one of them, we were seated right away.  I was pleased to see we were indoors/outdoors in the enclosed patio area as awfully dark inside for lunch.  Pleasant surroundings, darling hotel/casino and good service.  This was a reunion with 4 people so we dawdled and no one showed any sign of wanting us to leave.  $207 was a bit hefty for lunch but it included some very good wine.  The famed Onion Soup was sweet which was a surprise - good but not great.  I had the salmon salad which was cooked to perfection but the greens were difficult to manage.  One person ordered the special sandwich on a Ciabatta roll - it came on just plain bread and didn't look too special.I would like to try again for dinner.  It is charming.
5	Husband and I shared the Prime Rib because it was HUGE and awesomely good!  We loved the atmosphere and the waitstaff was great!
5	Why 5 starrs?It's actually kind of difficult to find a nice restaurant with a patio on the strip, and this place is your answer. Great food, great prices, and PLENTY of patio seating. I had the scallop appetizer ($13) with 3 scallops in lemon butter sauce with melted cheese. I'll pay that price for scallops all day. Also had the french onion soup and was delicious. Other had the chicken mushroom crepe and it was a winner. The food itself is probably not worth 5 stars, but the overall experience was.
3	Got the Steak Classique which didnt seem like anything special. The quality of the steak was average and felt like I could make it at home, but the maitre d'hotel butter that was on top was pretty good. I think I was deciding between this and my usual choice of steak which is the Filet, but it was lunch time so it seemed more proper to get this dish. Should've been safe and went with the filet. Their fries were interesting but not amazing, got kind of oily near the end.The item I remember most would probably be the french onion soup, or the Onion Soup Au Gratin which was baked with gruyere cheese. That was full of cheesy deliciousness, one of the best french onion soups I've had in awhile.I also tried my friend's Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn) and Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onion & red wine sauce), and ultimately their sauces were satisfying, but I just didnt enjoy the steak itself.Also, the two guys I was with were both wearing tanks and had to wear a huge white t over because apparently a tall t is so much better.Overall, not bad but maybe I should give it another shot before jumping to conclusions. If you do come here definitely try the French Onion Soup because that was what made a lasting impression.
4	We hit this spot for breakfast. As expected, the prices are a bit inflated given you're on the strip and that you are sitting outside. That in itself is worth the extra couple bucks! It's nice to just people watch and sit under the "Eiffel" Tower! ;)I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict. As always, I ask for the Hollandaise on the side b/c they tend to drown everything else in it. I normally only use a fraction of it. The dish itself was really good... I also liked the hashbrowns on the side, which I normally don't eat. They were prepared a bit differently and went perfectly with the benedict. I would definitely recommend this dish but the French toast looked amazing as did some of the crepes. It seems like you could probably have a great breakfast with whatever you decide to order!
5	Excellent food and service!!!!!
5	The food is very good, the prices fair and the atmosphere can't be beat!  The staff is friendly and efficient.  My personal fave is the Florentine Benedict.  This is a go to spot for us every time we are in Vegas!Tip: Use Open Table to reserve your table before walking over!
2	just had breakfast here.  hostess was disorganized but seated us after we were 1/2 hour late.  had the turkey omlete which was bland.  the potatoes were crispy hash browns which was great.  the waiter charged me twice for tea ($7.90) for 2 teabags and told me afterward that there was refill on hot water only.   WTF?  i have never been charged full price for asking for another teabag.  charged 4$ each for kids drinks.  would not come back again.
4	The food was above average and the service was decent. Most of the restaurants at Paris seem more like tourist attractions than restaurants, but the inside dining area here was a bit nicer and not so crowded.The Patty Melt was quite good and the Chicken Brie Sandwich was not bad. The fries, a cross between french fries and chips, were actually very tasty.Like most casino restaurants, the sodas were flat and too syrupy.
5	Absolutely wonderful,,
4	Great restaurant with a decent price. The steaks are good and the atmosphere is great. Very lively, and the view outdoors is nice.
5	What hasn't been said about this wonderful restaurant? The bread, French onion soup, escargot, and steak frites were all delicious. Those not willing to pay for a good meal should stay away.
5	My wife and I just celebrated our seventh anniversary at Mon Ami Gabi.  The food, service, atmosphere, and wine selection are among the best in a city that is not hurting for good restaurants.  Breakfast and lunch are quite good here but for a special night out, a bottle of French red on the table and the spectacular water fountains of the Bellagio hotel just across the street - it is very hard to beat.  We had the goat cheese appetizer and shared the chilled seafood platter with a couple of vegetable side dishes served a la carte.  I want to go back and try the Grandmere chicken specialty dish some time.  Service was attentive and prompt.  The dining room was bustling but never felt too loud or crowded and every table had a great view of the fountains.  Couldn't ask for a better night out.  We will be back.
1	Ok I will start this off by saying, the location and coffee is great.  I ordered three eggs that came with bacon, hash browns and ordered a croissant instead of toast.  I took 2 bites of my not even warm eggs and found a hair in my eggs.  The waitress asked how everything was, and I really never send anything back, but a hair in your food is gross.  I know this happens in the food industry but you would expect the meal to be taken off of your bill-especially when it's just breakfast!  The waitress apologized and was very attentive at filling my coffee while I waited for my meal to come out.  I have to complain about the bacon too, it was overcooked and was not a fan of the hash browns.  I did not complain about them not taking the meal off my bill because I am on vacation and did not want to bother with arguing the fact that a hair in my food is disgusting, but I definitely will not be returning here!
5	Mon Ami Gabi is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I have eaten there at least 25 times over the years that it has been open.  It's great for a group of friends, a date or families.  It has one of the most unique views in town and a genuine French feel.  I am not familiar enough with French food to say whether it is authentic or not, but I can say that all the food is awesome.  Even the French bread that comes with every meal is great.  The patio doesn't take reservations so if you are in a hurry ask for atrium seating otherwise the patio is worth the wait!
4	I had the Vegetable Farcis. It was pretty good. The tomato sauce tasted like it had sugar in it which threw off the flavor of the dish. The warm baguette they serve is amazing. I sat at the bar for a quick lunch by myself, so I didn't get to experience the ambiance so much. Would come back to try the other dishes.
4	There really is no better spot on the strip to sit in the mid-day sun...sip cocktails...enjoy lunch and watch the freak show that is the LV strip. I am not talking about the street performers and the local wack jobs but rather the folks from flyover county. It is shocking to see what they pack to wear...and then how they matchy-matchy and accesorize. lost my train of thought...Mon Ami is a good choice...yes pricey...but the food is solid...the drinks more than adequate...and the service top notch. They leave you alone as long as you are spending (drinking)...but the minute you think you're going to nurse your drinks...then you are moved to the bar. The patio real estate needs to be turned on a perfect 75 degree day in November.Romance, business, lost your shirt at the tables, just tired of shopping or talking football spreads and over/unders...its a great place to stop mid-strip.
4	The food we tried was only ok, but the ambience is gorgeous. It's a very chic restaurant in Vegas, very pretty. Their patio is excellent. We sat inside, but in the glass section behind the patio. The service was excellent. Their coffee is very good. If you don't feel like stuffing yourself at a buffet, and want to sit somewhere very pretty with nice service, this is the place to go. They have a pretty big menu, I'm sure they would have things that would be tasty.
4	Good thing we made a reservation.  Our group got checked in sooo smoothly. It was great breakfast'.  All food we order was great, a server was nice, but it was too long to wait  for food  for 20 min with kids.
5	our favorite restaurant.  haven't had a bad meal there ever. for the price and atmosphere can't beat it.  my favorite is lunch.  eat on the patio, overlooking the bellagio fountain show, crepes and escargot.  Yum, and so cheap for what you experience.
4	Delicious food.  Have tried about 3 different lunch items, and 4 breakfast items.  Never been dissatisfied.  Service USUALLY great, but not every time if they're busy.  I recommend this place to everyone I run into - especially for the Salmon (or traditional Eggs) Benedict, with it's perfectly delicate hollandaise sauce
1	Very disappointed after hearing good reviews about this restaurant. This was an anniversary dinner for my wife and I and we were looking forward to a nice evening. First, I called in our reservation and noted it was our anniversary, but when we arrived (after waiting in the 'reservation' line for about 45 minutes) the hostess could not find our reservation. Not a big deal right? I told them I made the reservation over the phone. They told me no problem they would seat me in just a few minutes. They ended up seating us at the worst table of the house, right behind the hostess stand. That wouldn't do for our anniversary dinner so I asked why we had such a poor table? The hostess replied that since we did not have a reservation, walk-ins get seated in the bar lobby. I reiterated that we did make the reservation, but that they somehow lost it. The hostess's reply? 'Well, I didn't lose your reservation.' I asked to speak to the manager.Second, the manager comes up to the hostess stand. After a minute or two of whispers and checking their computer, she comes up to me and says, word for word 'And you are here for?' Seriously? As a manager THAT'S how you begin your interaction with a guest? I explained that what I was there for was for our anniversary, I made the reservation over the phone and I was not happy with the table they offered me. She responded by saying that they were very busy and that all walk-ins are sat in the bar area since there were no other available tables. After explaining, again, that we had made the reservation over the phone, the manager gave me a quick nod and said something to the hostess. No apology, not even a word of acknowledgement. The hostess sat us at a table in the solarium area.Third, the food is nothing special. There are plenty of other restaurants in Las Vegas that have better steaks and seafood. Eiffel Tower restaurant, Prime Steakhouse, Seablue, and Picasso just to name a few. I'm not saying the food was bad, but nothing to go out of your way for.Overall, if it wasn't for the horrible experience with the hostess and management (our waitress was actually very nice), we wouldn't have been impressed with this restaurant at all. Spend your time and money someplace else.
4	Delicious and not pricey.
4	if you can, stay by the window. This place offers a pretty good view of the Bellagio Fountains.Everything we got turn out pretty good. The wine was amazing (we opted for a Chateau Neuf du Pape, normal!). And compared to many places in the area, the check wasn't heavy, which was a nice surprise.Will definitely stop by again next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Not sure what all the fuss is about, absolutely great location, however, the food was eh, the service hit and miss. We had happy hour cocktails, nice house rose champagne, beer selection was on the short side. The appetizer plate was sparse, actually served us dried bread on our cheese plate, it was less than enthusiastic. The warm olives were nice, served in a deep bowl very generous, really added a nice touch. Like I said great location. That's about all, not a huge fan.
5	Effeciency of ordering and care... Hiccough only with reservation when I arrived which was quickly amended... Great food and view
5	The service was more than amazing and some of the best steaks around. Every local should give it a shot, the prices are well worth it and it's not insanely priced like most strip restaurants. We'll be back in two weeks with our family.
5	My Spouse and I found ourselves "starving" in Vegas on a Saturday evening and after being told that it was at least an hour wait at several other locations, we happened to stroll by Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris where we have had a few delicious lunches but never Dinner so we decided to give it a shot even though we expected another long wait at this very popular place,... Much to our surprise the very friendly hostess said "we can seat you right now"!!! We looked at each others inappropriate Athletic/Dinner wear, laughed and said "what the heck" as we followed our hostess to our table and prepared to get snotty looks...No way, not one look, instead we got just friendly smiles and great service. We had the Onion Soup,Salad,Salmon & the Rib Eye. Our server recommeded a perfect wine and dark beer that we both fell in luv with and that I can't remember the name of  but intend to someday...I really enjoy a good french bistro and this place does not dissapoint.
5	Come here every time that I am in Vegas. You just cannot beat the combination of amazing food, gorgeous views of bellagio and very reasonable prices. Service is phenomenal as well. I would highly recommend the scallops here, also escargot is excellent.
4	We have eaten here four times and have always really enjoyed the environment, food, and service.  It is a fantastic location and our waiter was a relaxed, efficient, and helpful person.  The food is good and well priced, unlike so many restaurants in Las Vegas.  As we were walking out of the restaurant, it was notable that all of the patrons of the restaurant seemed so engaged and happy.  Very convivial atmosphere.
4	Great place. I went there with my 2 yr old and we had boeuf bourguignon, which was splendid, and a Mac au gratin, which we did not care much for. Service was great and accommodating!
5	Romantic and incredible view of the Bellagio fountains if you request a table outside. The food was delicious and the server was fun and attentive.  Though it was quite a wait, it was totally worth it (we were seated within the estimated wait time).  I'm making this restaurant a must-do on all my future trips to Vegas.   Great memory!
3	The main reason we selected this restaurant was to dine on the patio and watch the lovely fountain show across the street at the Bellagio so our expectations on food and service weren't terribly high. In the end, we left quite pleased with our  brunch experience.We started the meal with  a carafe of their version of sangria which was delicious and not too sweet as well as the baked goat cheese. I was a bit surprised by the goat cheese as it was served at the center of an interesting tomato sauce and I had never seen that before. It came with crispy garlic bread which was good but I preferred it with the  baguette that was served at the on set of the meal. For our entrees, we opted for a chicken sandwich with caramelized onions and sliced apples and a cobb salad. The sandwich was really a let down. The ciabatta roll it was served on drowned out all of the potentially good flavors and overall the flavors were on the sweet side. The salad however was delicious with fresh avocado, turkey, crispy bacon. The house dressing was a great compliment. For the location on the strip, the prices were very reasonable and we left happy. All in all a very decent place to grab a bite and take in the sights of Vegas.
1	I used to like going here.  It's nothing out of the way special, but was one of the decent places for lunch if you're staying in or near Paris/Ballys.  I was just there with a group this weekend.  I made a rez, and I understand their "policy" of not seating a group until everyone is there, fine, but they were pretty snotty about it. All but 2 people out of 8 where present, who would be there within a few minutes, but no budging on seating the majority of the group who were starving after flying in that day.  Once everyone arrived (maybe 5 mins after our rez time), it still took them forever to get us a table.  It was busy, but not that busy, there seemed to be lots of tables around.We all placed our order rather fast, and food was delivered quite timely.  Except one order which was wrong, and the server (not our waiter, just the guy who brought the food out) said he'd be right back with the correct order.  20 mins later, no replaced meal, no server in sight and our waiter never bothered to check in on us.  I finally flagged him down and he seemed very sorry and quickly got the missing meal.  I understand mistakes happen in restaurants.  I also understand the importance of taking care of your customers.  While he said sorry, he really should checked in as soon as they meals arrived to avoid this drama, since he didn't do his job of looking after his table he should have comped the extremely late meal, but he didn't.  A better institution would have been very apologetic, not charged for the meal, and would have had a manager come and check in on us.  None of the above was done. Besides the fact, I've been visiting this place for years, I also feel the quality of the food has gone down significantly.  I had the onion soup, which was fair, nothing great, and the Frisse salad which was pretty sad, too much dressing, not enough lettuce and my egg had undercooked white.  Both items I have had and liked in the past.Needless to say, I will not be going back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It all started out very well, made a res, was seated almost immediately on a busy night and even landed an outside table which was awesome. Great people watching! This is where the experience stops. You could tell the waiter didn't really want to be there. I dont blame him....but all in all his was really professional. Space was extremely tight, my aunt had to keep moving her chair so people could get by so that was annoying. Now the food, most importantly...we had the oyster, great selection horrifyingly overpriced. Steaks were 'meh'. They were good but no where near the price we paid good. Now i understand this is vegas and everything is up charged outrageously but i guess i expected a little more.
5	It doesn't get much better than a birthday dinner in Paris; especially when you don't have to go through customs to enjoy it!The incomparable Jonathan D. made reservations at this Strip landmark in advance.  However,  upon arrival we were thrilled to discover that a patio table dead center across the street from the Bellagio fountains was available.  The time? 7pm. The time the Bellagio fountain show starts? 7pm.  Yes, please.  I dined on the Catch of the Day, Arctic Char.  It was delicate and delectable. Mmm. Jonathan enjoyed the house specialty of Steak & Frites.  I'm not much of a carnivore, but dang that was some amazing steak.  Above all else, the service was impeccable and I look forward to our next trip to Paris someday!
5	Amazing!! I'm normally not a huge breakfast person, but my girlfriend and I went there for brunch before a long workday. I ordered the spinach and asparagus omelet and she got the mushroom omelet.  Both were so delicious! Then we splilt the blueberry french toast-definitely would recommend this for sweet lovers! Blueberry syrup sounded strange to me...boy was I wrong! Topped with fresh blueberries and whipped cream, we were in heaven! Service was prompt and they kept our coffees filled. Best food I've had in Vegas by far. Loved it!!
3	I think this place is good, but it's not great.  It's got a nice view of the Bellagio fountains, and has some really good bread.  With that said, I don't think I'd get the steaks here, I didn't really like it too much.  The steaks were not as charred as I liked, and those frittes were under seasoned and underwhelming.  The pate was good, and the escargot was yummy, but like I said, underwhelming.  I will give them props for their service, the waitress was really sweet and attentive.  Don't know if I'd go again, but it was good.
4	The brunch here is amazing.Although Mon Ami Gabi doesn't need another review, I'm going to write one anyways because my eggs benedict were just THAT good.Service is excellent here. The servers really attend to your every need and I can see why this restaurant does so well. The menu is simple and elegant and offers a ton of great choices. French toast came with a whip so light and berries so fresh... I had to close my eyes and savor the moment.The cherry on top is the pricing of this restaurant. So affordable!  With restaurants charging an arm and a leg for who knows what, Mon Ami Gabi manages to maintain its great reputation of great food, great service and great prices. That's pretty great all around. I would recommend this place to anybody going to Vegas - Just remember, make a reservation!
4	My boyfriend and I had brunch here a couple of months ago.  The food was delicious :)  I had a chicken, apple, and brie cheese sandwich that was delicious.  The view is also amazing.  We set on the patio and overlooked the Bellagio fountains.  There was definitely a lack of shade though but we elected to sit outside knowing that it would be an issue so I don't blame the restaurant at all.
5	We love this place and we have breakfast here every time we're in Vegas. I had the caramel apple waffle today. In a word, delicious! In our opinion, this is the best place for breakfast on the strip.
4	the right place to take your girl early on a sunday after a long night of drinking
5	This is my wife and my go-to place when we come to Las Vegas. It gets busy and full, but not full enough you have to wait. There is romantic indoor seating, or a nice outdoor patio seating that allows for people watching.Food is ALWAYS good. No matter what you order you will not be disappointed.Service is on point as well. We absolutely cannot say enough good things about this place!!
5	What a great place! My boyfriend and I went here for brunch on Saturday. It's a bit of a walk inside the Paris hotel but well worth it. We were seated immediately. My boyfriend ordered the eggs Benedict while I ordered the seafood crepe. Oh my god. Both were soooooo good. The hollandaise was made perfectly and to make it requires a lot of technique and they have it down to a science. I normally don't like runny eggs but his was just delicious. The seafood crepe was filling, light, but creamy. It came with a side frisse salad which helps cut through the creaminess of the crepe. Yum yum yum!! The coffee here was really good as well - we got regular coffee and a mocha and both were just hmm mm good. The waiter was attentive and took good care of us. Everyone was so nice! I love it here. Easily my top 5 breakfast places!
4	After making a reservation at this steakhouse on the strip side of the Paris LV resort, we were seated promptly at our reservation time.You can choose to dine inside in the French inspired dining room, or outside on the patio facing LV Blvd and the Bellagio Fountains.   We choose outside, and it was a good experience.  It was a cold evening on the strip in December 2012; however, the heat lamps kept everything quite toasty.I had a steak that was cooked nearly perfectly to my liking.  I would give the food an easy 5/5 and the atmosphere ranks high in my book as well.The only reason I dropped it one star, is because our server was not the most friendly of people, and I truly felt rushed and unattended to during the course of my meal.  Of course, chances are, if I tried again, I might roll good with a new server.
4	Brunch was really good.  I had a savory crepe.  It was much better than what I am capable of making at home.  I would go back for brunch
4	Had a nice dinner this past weekend at Mon Ami Gabi.  We were seated on the veranda and able to view the fountains at the Bellagio.My wife had the mussels marinere and said they were good, but not the best.  Generous helping and much larger than her favorite P.E.I. mussels but edible.  I had the Dijon mustard steak.  It was good, but a very thin slice and rather salty.  We both had the frites (fries) and they were very tasty.  By far the best was the warm baggette and butter served at the table.The waiter was very friendly and service was prompt and not rushed.All in All, a nice place to have dinner in Vegas!
5	Some of the things I've had here on my many visits to Vegas. the eggs Benedict - MUST HAVEThe chocolate croissants - DELICIOUSCoffee and mimosas are delicious. Crepes - so so Best of all the homemade butter is amazing. I've never made it out to dinner here so that's definitely on the Vegas to do list.
4	Been here a few times over the years. Good choice if you're not in the mood for buffets.  We sat in the covered patio which offers a view of the strip without having to sit on the patio. We got the steak which was moist & tender. And escargots & bread is pretty good. Food & service is good, just A little pricey, dinner for 2 with drinks just under $100.
4	This was our first meal after landing in Vegas.  We had a 7:10 am flight, got up stupid early, parked, battled the sleepy crowds at SFO, got on a flight full of cranky flight attendants who insisted that we sat where we were ticketed (despite an empty row in front and behind our packed, 3 seated row).  Arrived in Vegas all sleepy-eyed, throbbing headache, and slightly confused.After wandering down the Strip in the rain, in the cold, I realized we were close to this place, and I convinced the fiance that we needed to eat here.  I made a reservation on my phone using Opentable (yay for having a less-dumb phone now), and we trekked it over here.I am so glad that most of the restaurants in the casinos understand that cigarette smoke + fine dinning = PIECE OF POOP, in experience, taste, texture, and consistency.  That is why this place has one door that opens into the casino, it's small, and lets in as little cigarette smoke as possible.The first meal here was a croque madame, chicken liver pate, and quiche lorraine.  Reading the reviews on yelp, I was expecting European portions.  It was not.  It was full on Middle America portions.  My Croque Madame had a fried egg on top of two thick slices of smooth white bread, topped with at least 6 slices of salty, flavorful ham, and caressed with cheese.  The fried egg was delicious.  As I cut into the runny yolk, the golden butter-like consistency flowed over the already scrumptious ham and cheese and bread stack and encased the whole thing in a PUT-ME-IN-YOUR-MOUTH, stop thinking and just chew!The Fiance's quiche was home made.  The crust was light.  The filling had identifiable chunks of onion, ham, and whatever else is suppose to go in there.  The fries were kind of poo though.  Too thin, like shoe laces.  Wide, but thin.  It was like eating chips.  The second meal was the filet mignon.....but I'll save that for my follow up review because I gotta shower and get to work now.
4	Anniversary brunch last October. Best place to enjoy the Bellagio fountains across the street, can't beat it for outdoor seating anywhere in Nevada. I had the salmon over quinoa after a nice glass of wine at the bar. Not amazing, but I cleaned my plate - that's just me. Mildly problematic service, but one goes there for the ambiance and the view.
5	I would give five stars for the location alone! Located inside Paris and across the street from the Bellagio, it offers one of the best views of the fountain show and is a fantastic place to people watch. Even as the crisp winter air approaches Las Vegas, there is no excuse to not dine al fresco as the million heat lamps are out in full force.I made a reservation through open table for 815pm on Saturday and had no trouble changing it last minute when I realized there was no way I was going to make it. I love technology. Made another reservation for 9 and waited an extra 10 minutes (aka .53783 second in Vegas time) for patio seating. I ordered the salmon and my friend ordered the steak merlot and daaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn I'm hooked. The food came out perfect and I was practically drooling by the time it was in front of me. The salmon was flaky, hot, and the bed of quinoa was just the right consistency, something a lot of restaurants can't seem to manage.
4	I think this may be one of the only restaurants on the strip that we went to that didn't feel like a strip restaurant (unless you sat outside in front of the fountains).  The service was prompt and the food was cooked to perfection.  My steak au poivre wasn't prepared how I am used to seeing this dish, but it was fantastic nonetheless.  Quality food and reasonable prices.
5	Excellent service. Food was great. We sat outside and got to see the fountains at the Bellagio several times.
5	Great service, great food, and great company. What more is there to say?
5	I came here for dinner with a group of 10 girlfriends for my Bachelorette Party back in June. The bread is to die for, the food is mouth watering and the service is outstanding! If you're looking for a classy restaurant on the strip for a special occassion, this is the place to go.Our server Chad treated us like princesses. He was a total charmer. Timely service, delicious food, and champagne. What more could a girl ask for her bachelorette weekend? The manager even dropped by to offer a personal congratulations and ensure our experience was phenomenal.Thanks to them I had a filling meal for an unforgettable night!
4	We know you want to sit out on their dining terrace, so just prepare yourself to wait an hour minimum. I wasn't going to wait that long, which undoubtedly took away from some of that ambiance. The food was alright, not necessarily the best. The unfortunate thing is that everyone at the table got a steak of some kind so really this is just a review of their steak dinners. They have quite a few steak options all ranging from the least expensive hanger steak to filets. The steak was cooked perfectly, but I don't think it separates them from any other restaurant in the area. The service was excellent, which is to be expected with the caliber of this place. I'd absolutely go back and try different menu options to get a better idea of the food quality and to try and grab a table outside. If you're enticed by the outdoor dining option, give it a go. If you don't feel like waiting over an hour to watch the fountain show and people watch, but still want quality French food, head over to Comme Ca at The Cosmopolitan. They have outdoor seating and the food is competitively priced.
5	I have been to Mon Ami Gabi four times, sitting on the patio each time and enjoyed every second each visit. A must experience with great food, service and view for a reasonable price for the amazing location! Simply perfect.
5	We had a great brunch. Good ambiance, service and food! Will definitely go back next time we're in Vegas.
5	Diner was excellent like in france! Do not hesitate to go for the escargot de bourgogne and moules frites, they were amazing !!!Price is oK, enjoy!!!
3	was good. thankfully i did not pay for the food, otherwise i'd probably be upset.looked around for the "best burger in las vegas" and thought it'd be here. it wasn't.the search journeys on.**first time eating snails, though! that earned it an extra star.
5	Mon Ami Gabi was by far the best restaurant I ate at in Las Vegas.Atmosphere: Amazing! I sat outside, and had a great view of the fountain show. It was freezing outside, but they had heat lamps. Service: The service was not that great. Never refilled your drinks, and the man who cleans the table, was bothering us when we were eating and taking plates away. We asked him to take a certain plate away, and he said no!Food: Delicious! They give you bread to start out with and it was freshly baked french bread (still warm)! I had the French Bread Pizza (because I liked their bread so much) and it was amazing! They also have very unique fries, which are very tasty. For dessert I ordered the Warm Chocolate Cake. It was amazing and melted in your mouth (shared with 3 people, it's kind of big).Overall, this place is great! I had to give it 5 stars for the food and atmosphere, but the service should do way better next time.
5	The best, reasonably priced restaurant with a view in Vegas.I discovered this place in July, and make a point of going back at every Vegas trip. It was wonderful for a birthday date with my boyfriend, and  equally wonderful for a group of girlfriends out to brunch after a night out in Vegas.Be sure to make a reservation, so you can sit directly in front of the Bellagio fountains as they perform every 15 minutes. The hostesses and waiters make a point to give good customer service.The food is delicious, and again, reasonably priced. For dinner, the customized burger is fantastic. Most meals come with a paper cone of crispy pomme frites. The bread is warm and fresh. The frangria is great as well.For brunch, check out the bloody Mary bar, if you have a specific way you prefer your morning alcohol made. You get a tall glass of vodka and ice, and are free to customize to your liking, with tomato juice, mix, tobasco, lettuce, bacon, and olives. The regular brunch fare (omelettes, benedicts, etc.) is delicious. A must-go anytime you're on the strip.
5	The best place in Vegas with the most beautiful view of the Bellagio. Food was great, service was excellent. The bread is too die for...all in all one of the best places on The Strip.
4	Service was excellent. Restaurant had a great environment. We were late for breakfast but the server said "no problem" and we were able to order off the breakfast menu. Food was brought out in a reasonable amount of time. Tasted really good! We especially enjoyed the bread. We left full and happy. Reasonably priced. Highly recommend.
1	The worst service I ever saw !! Especially if you are not from USA. They just using the high rating on Yelp and do nothing to keep it. I recommend to go to Cabo Wabo instead.
5	Very nice French style venue!  Great service!
4	So, so good. About 25 big ones for the lunch, but it was worth every penny. Pastries and pork bowls galore. Lamb with Chateaubriand sauce: holy snap that's good. Desserts have a good range of selection and all are freakin delicious. MACARONS. LARGE ONES. My only regret was that I didn't eat so much breakfast before I came here! (Although that has no bearing on the score I gave)
5	Came here for breakfast:Excellent coffeeExcellent baguette/butter/jam to startExcellent dishes (eggs benedict, crepes)Excellent service.I'll come back every time in in Vegas.
4	I don't go there often, but when I do it's a fresh new experience each time.  I like siting in the covered patio for the sunlight and views.  Service is very good as well as the food.  It's a nice place to take out of town guests for an impressive experience.
5	Came here for lunch and sat at the window. Strip side. Excellent warm bread to start. Had the patty melt and my husband had the Burger. Was really delicious. Good vibe and cool bar area. Highly recommend. Place gets crowded but worth the wait.
4	one of best restaurant on Strip. friendly staff (specially hostess) and great food... just need to work on food presentation little bit more. other than that I enjoyed my food and the ambiance. I give them two thumbs up!!
5	Mon Ami Gabi is a restaurant we visit every time we visit Las Vegas. The food quality is always great, the service is always great, and the view from the patio across from the fountain at the Bellagio is excellent. The price is moderate (for Vegas) and a good value. I highly recommend a visit
3	Had brunch here on our visit to Vegas.The Good:1. Nice location inside Paris Hotel. Ask to sit in the outdoor terrace or the glassed in terrace. Beautiful Views.2. Service was excellent3. Food choices were plenty.What we had:1. Quiche (with squash and spinach) - Just OK. We've had better.2. Cinnamon "pancake" is actually a crepe - excellent!3. Chicken, brie, spinach crepe - just OK4. Breakfast Americain - with scrambled eggs and bacon - just OK5. Coffee was just OKOverall, depending on what you get food can be hit or miss.You are mainly going for the atmosphere and the experience so take it all in.
5	Awesome food, awesome atmosphere, great staff!
3	Went here with friends for lunch on Monday afternoon. The patios is nice to sit at. The food was average at best. I had the chicken crepe which was ok but was lacking in flavor.  Also had the profiteroles for desert, and they were disappointing. The puffs were chewy and stale. Was expecting more. Disappointing.
4	Get the streak frites.  That is all you need to know.
4	I'm waffling on this one (Ha! Get it?...it's 'cause...it's 'cause they serve waffles here...).  My fiancee and I went here twice in the same weekend, and the two visits could not have polarized me more on this place.The first time was for breakfast with a large group.  We were seated on the patio, but not at a table with a good view of the Bellagio fountain (which is fine by me, because I really have no interest watching water squirt in the air while I'm eating).  It was either due to the promise of 18% gratuity or in spite of that fact that throughout the entire meal we got excellent service.  The food did take a while to come out, but I chalked that up to the large group.That meal I got the Quiche Lorraine...and oh dear was that a surprise.  I don't typically like quiche, as my fiancee can attest to (she was surprised I ordered it to begin with), but there was something special about this one.  The flavor was just amazing, and it was nice and soft and moist on the inside, despite looking burnt on the outside.  My better half got a croissant breakfast sandwich, which wasn't bad but I didn't really think it was anything special.So naturally after a good experience we came back a second morning...and we should have just left well enough alone.  The food was good: she got a repeat of the quiche which she said wasn't as good though I thought the quality didn't dip that much; I got the steak classique and french onion soup, both of which I enjoyed (although it wasn't my favorite cut of steak, but I realize that cut could be standard for French cuisine, I don't really know).The problem was the service...or lack thereof.  Our server was inattentive at best, and most of the time it felt like he considered us a bother more than a customer (we aren't annoying, finger-snapping snobs, I swear).  Whenever we asked for a refill on water or iced tea his response was a curt "sure"...not a friendly "sure", a "sure" that made it sound like we interrupted his day.  I know I'm coming across as snooty and paranoid, but it really was quite bad.  Half the time he spent standing directly behind our table, chatting up another server, ignoring us and the table next to us in the process.  And again, he wasn't busy with other guests, we knew where he was, which was neglecting his job.The four stars is for the first visit, because I will give this place the benefit of the doubt.  Don't let one bad apple spoil the bunch, as they say...people say that, right?  I may come back one day, though it will be with a wary disposition, which is not a light any restaurant should cast over itself.
5	We went here for our breakfast for the first time. Make sure you request to seat outside because they are right across from Belagio so you get to enjoy the water show and your meal together. What a bonus!!! I ordered a dozen oyster to split with my friend. It was pretty fresh. I also have coffee with my salmon Benedict. Their coffee was really good not water down at all. My friend had their crepe and it was delicious too. Service was great and food was good too. I defiantly will find myself back here again when I'm in Vegas.
5	OH EM GE!!! No wait for brunch at this place on a Sunday made me super happy especially since I was pretty hungry and ready for some coffee. We were given the option to decide if we wanted outdoor or indoor seating. We opted for outdoor being that it was a beautiful morning after a rainy weekend in Las Vegas. Mon Ami Gabi is located inside the Paris Resort and Casino. We were seated by the edge of the patio with view to the Bellagio fountain. Our waitress came over and introduced herself. She also gave us a few recommendations being that it was our first time and specials that were not on the menu. Before I knew it I had my cup of coffee in front of me and was watching one of the few fountain shows from across the street. I ordered the french toast. I noticed that it said it was served with blueberries and warm blueberry syrup, topped with whipped cream.. well I was a bit scared. I am not a fan of blueberries being that I was always fooled as a child (blueberry pancakes are NOT the same as chocolate chips, mom!) I decided to go for it and face my fears especially since I knew already that it was going to be full of blueberries. Lemme tell you this, it was the most perfect french toast ever that I have had in a very long time. The sweetness was done to perfection, the blueberries themselves were perfect, everything about this meal was just magical and out of this world. The french toast was cooked just right. It makes me want to cry of happiness. I could eat this all day, errday and be a happy person forever! I would HIGHLY recommend this dish. I would skip out on waiting for the buffet line any day for this dish here in Vegas. Yes, yes I am in love with this french toast. It was a pleasant experience and it became one of my favorite places to be at. The atmosphere, super good food and the great view made me feel like I was not in sin city. They also serve lunch and dinner. I would love to come back and have a glass of wine and also try out their Steak Bordelaise, Steak Au Poivre, Creme Brulee, Duck Confit & Fingerling Potato and their Escargots De Bourgogne cause sure whyyyy not.. I love this place!!
2	The first time I went was with a large group and we all loved our server and the food. And the Bloody Mary bar. The second time I went with a small group. Hated the flavourless cold soggy steak sandwich and the totally clueless server. Everything he described - based on which we ordered - was just wrong. Not even close to real. I'd say skip it and find someplace else.
5	Still my favorite place in Vegas, especially for brunch! But dinner is great too! The food is the most consistent i've seen in a fairly big restaurant, that doesn't feel like it's a big place. Must go! All the steaks are fantastic!
5	I would absolutely recommend this! Service was great & the food even better!!! Never had to wait for our food!! You get what you pay for here!!!
5	Best ribeye I've ever tasted.Came here with the boyfriend for a nice dinner while on vacation and had my socks blown off by the ribeye. It was cooked perfectly, with a nice sear on the outside. The boyfriend ordered the beef wellington and it was incredible, as well.Wish I remembered the name of our server because he was amazing!! Sent us a dessert on the house because he thought we were cute :) Too sweet!
4	For starters, this place should not be "$$", it's pricey. It should be at least "$$$", but that's a Yelp issue (I think?). The food is pretty good, I got a burger and french onion soup while I was there and my gf got something else (I don't remember what it was). The service was pretty good, and the few from the back of the water show is great.
3	Everyone I know likes the place but when I went there, the waiters were in a rush for you to eat and leave. I will probably give it another shot and see if my initial assessment is correct
5	My favorite place to eat at the Vegas Strip. The food is great, relatively inexpensive and super delicious though I am afraid many agree with me on this and that is why there is always a little bit of a wait. How is this for a brunch french onion soup, seafood Crepe and then creme brulee?The best part about this restaurant is that from the patio you can see the Belagio fountains while you enjoy your dinner. Mon Ami Gabi is part of Paris Casino, which happens to have a monorail stop.
5	It doesn't get any better than Mon Ami! Delicious food,wonderful service,spectacular views! Love the new baked shrimp,as well as the chocolate pecan tart. Thank you Nancy.
1	this place is horrible. Terrible food and their service is even worse.
5	Thank you to my fellow Yelp-ers for helping me to find this spot! Found myself in Vegas needing a restaurant that "takes reservations" was "good for groups" with an "average noise level" and Mon Ami Gabi popped up. Everyone pointed out the option to dine out of doors and watch the Bellagio fountains -- such a great idea!The service was impeccable - our party of 8 had two gentlemen waiting on us who kept our wine glasses (and bread baskets) full. Per my conversation with the hostess who took my reservation, we arrived 15 minutes early to request patio seating (you can't reserve this in advance). The patio heaters were on in full force, and it was pleasant enough to sit outside without a jacket on (we even had them turn a few down). Food was excellent (a lot of sampling of your neighbor's plate was going on at our table) -- especially the scallops with the butternut squash and the onion soup. The various steak frites were good -- though the frites are paper thin and not really to my liking, but hey different strokes for different folks. Our waiter helped me to select a nice white bordeaux that everyone quite enjoyed (and at $34/bottle was one of the less pricey selections on the menu).For dessert - you MUST get the bread pudding. Holy Moses. I died and went to heaven, and then ate a ton of the profiterole dessert as well. Just do it.
5	Incredible steak - sit outside and the coffee and everything is so good. I want to go back again and again. Great service and not overpriced. What are you waiting for?
5	I LOVE this restaurant! It is a must-stop for me when I am in Vegas. The location is what truly sells it. I always sit outside where you have an incredible view of the Bellagio fountains while you dine. Perfect for simple wine and appetizers or for a whole meal. They have great heaters cranking in the winter, so you can still comfortably enjoy being on the patio. If there is one thing I would tell everyone to do, it is sit outside and sip a glass of wine. You will not regret it!While the view sells it for me, the food and service are pretty great as well. For Vegas, the prices are pretty reasonable. In the past I've done the French Onion Soup and a side salad, which have been perfect. The Goat Cheese appetizer is warm and satisfying, great to snack on with a glass of wine. I landed in Vegas 2 nights ago, and my friend's flight was delayed coming in, so I was on my own for dinner. I immediately knew I would go to Mon Ami Gabi. I bundled up in my winter coat and walked over. I asked for a table outside and was very comfortable under one of the many, many heaters they have out there. My server was incredibly helpful with the wine list as my knowledge of French wine is limited, and I loved what he picked for me. You are immediately presented with a loaf of bread and butter, as well as an amuse buche. Tonight is was green apple and fennel with a mayonnaise dressing (the French really do love their mayo). It was a lovely snack while I debated what I wanted. When the waiter came back, I could not make a decision. I mentioned wanting to try the steak tartare as it is something I've somehow never had, and he said that it was his favorite thing on the menu and I must get it. Not wanting to drop $35 and also not being that hungry, he offered to have them make me a half order as an appetizer and charge half the price. Sold!It was really delicious, and I am so glad I listened to him. Plus, with the smaller portion and price point, I had room for dessert! Again torn between a few options, I went with his recommendation of the bananas foster crepe. Delicious only begins to explain how good it was. The caramel sauce was decadent and the crepe was light and fluffy. I spent about an hour and a half there, slowly sipping my wine and reading my book while I ate, pausing every 20 minutes or so to watch the amazing fountains across the street (and the people watching isn't bad either :). My server would occasionally stop to check on me, often engaging in some lovely conversation and never making me feel like I should hurry up and leave. A trip to Vegas should always begin with a night on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi!
4	Came here for a late breakfast while staying at the Paris.  Mix of healthy options --- egg white omelettes and fruits, as well as more decadent ones like egg benedicts and big, fresh muffins.  Service was great, food and coffee was good and portions are massive enough to share.  Snag a table on the heated patio for great people and Bellagio fountain watching action - as well as an experience that truly makes you feel like you are seated in a nice French bistro.  Only things that keep this place from another star is that even though it is part of the Paris hotel - it is somehow independent - so purchases don't count towards your travel rewards.  The chicken sausage - while it may be healthier doesn't taste very good - so avoid that one. And like seemingly almost all the places on the strip they only serve Pepsi (no Coke) products... what's up with that???
4	the bloody mary bar saved my morning. coffee is strong and tasty.oh yeah, the food is good too.  perfect for a brunch after a late night out.
5	Oooh la la la la la LA!  I've always wanted to come here and yesterday I got to come here with a LOCAL honest-to-goodness Las Vegian: Mon amie, Jenn. We sat outside.  Brrrr!  It was allegedly supposed to SNOW later that night. (Il fait neige! See! I speak Fraunsh!) But not to worry- there are heat lamps on the patio to keep you all warm and toasty.  Additionally, the view across the street is the Bellagio and the gorgeous Fountains gave us some "teaser" shows.  Jenn had a mimosa and I had a bloody mary.  Apparently there is a bloody mary bar (make your own?!)  but that sounded confusing to me, so I just had them make it for me.  And they did a pretty decent job!  Nothing special- a pretty traditional bloody mary, but it did hit the spot.  We both opted for the corned beef hash.  It was really rich and flavorful.  They also provided had the option of adding mushrooms to it, which we both did.  It came with giant toast and potatoes.  I was not disappointed one single bit.  Additionally, we both shared some dessert.  The fruit and mint plate, as well as this chocolaty thing with pecans and caramel- creme on top.  Yum.  Then we wandered around the beautiful Paris for awhile, poking our head into stores and trying on sunglasses and accessories.  Great great brunch spot.  Come here!  Sit outside!  J'aime beaucoup!  Bon appetit!
5	Great food and wonderful service.
4	Solid brunch place, but fellas, make sure you dress read the dress code before coming in here! We had reservations to take our friend out for her birthday, and since it was still in the 100s during the summer, my fiance wore a tank top. There's a clear sign on the door that gentleman are not allowed to wear tank tops and we were crossing our fingers hoping that we wouldn't be kicked out. Luckily the hostess let us know that we could keep our reservation, he would just have to work an oversized tall and long white tee. In my opinion, he looked ridiculous in it and much more inappropriate, but at least we got in and had a good laugh. I don't think you can go wrong with anything you order here for brunch, whether its Eggs Benedict or French Toast or Croque Madame. I would recommend trying to make reservations through Open Table and eating outside on a nice summer morning.
3	nice view, good service
5	This may quickly rise to my #2 restaurant on the strip (#1 is Joel Robuchon).The service was excellent. In particular, the bus boys were FANTASTIC. The waitress was obviously overwhelmed and the bus boys really stepped in.The drinks are great. Can't remember what we ordered but it was similar to a moscow mule. My husband and I (Yes, we shared all this food just between the two of us) had:Chicken PateScallopsSeafood CrepeLobster rollIt was worth every calorie. I love the baguette they give us in the beginning. So yummy.
4	Great food for the price Good service. Would have gave it 5 stars but we ordered the beef Wellington which they said the had and then they came back 15 min later saying they were sold out and quickly look for our decision on something else. All in all pretty decent for being on the heart of the strip and not being too much of a rip off The beef tartar and the duck confit were awesome.
4	After looking up affordable steaks in Vegas, I came across Mon Ami Gabi. Staying at Bally's, it was a no brainer to give this place a try.And frankly, I'd come even if I wasn't staying so close. Very good steak + frites - tender, perfectly cooked, and great flavor. The view is hard to beat, as an outside patio seat will get you a perfect view of the Belagio and its fountains. It's even worth doing the patio in the middle of December, as they have heaters that will keep you plenty warm. The people watching is also worth the outside seat.If you want a nice dinner without losing an arm, plus want to relax with a view, Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to dine.
4	Great food, great service. Ambiance was perfect French pub/bistro setting. Excellent value and probably the best value for very good dining in Vegas.
5	Every time I am in Vegas - I eat here.  Always.  Great views, great service, great food.  A true winner when you're in Vegas!
5	The service was excellent, the food is great and prices are very reasonable for a French restaurant on the strip. I definitely recommend this place to anyone local or visiting Las Vegas. You won't regret it.
3	If you're going to eat at Mon Ami Gabi, make sure you get seated outside...especially if you go at night. Even as Las Vegas locals, we had a lot of fun sitting outside watching the fountains. They've also got a really good heating system outside making it comfortable on colder nights.As far as food goes...it was okay. I had the steak au poivre which came out overcooked for my taste and pretty dang tough. For whatever reason, the brandy peppercorn sauce was all over half my fries and not the steak so I didn't think the flavor was all that great either. My wife ordered the filet bordelaise which blew mine away. Her steak was tender and topped with just the right amount of onions and a really tasty red wine sauce. We enjoyed the frites too and they give you a huge portion!The service was ok but I felt extremely rushed. Our waiter seemed annoyed that our table took a bit of time to decide on what to eat and spend some time chatting after dinner. With drinks and tip, our bill was $400 which may be small to them but doesn't mean we should get subpar service. Maybe it was just a bad night but nothing blew me away and I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
2	I had heard raves about this restaurant so brought 3 guests for dinner.  Food was just ok (the 22 oz  rib eye steak was 50% fat and bones and was undercooked; scallops just ok; frites and vegies barely warm).  Our waitress was very good which compensated a bit for the food.
4	Mon Ami Gabi has been a fave brunch spot for a while now. However I've never thought of it as a dinner spot. That changed on Friday night when after seeing Jersey Boys (for the 3rd time), I took my family there as the wait for Gordon  Ramsey's was just entirely too long.  Had a fab dinner, great desserts, and absolutely no wait.
5	This was my 2nd time here. We went here as a back up Bday dinner plan because some Baller decided to buy out STK steak house for the night. I was still very satisfied with Mon Ami Gabi. *****Service is is superb. *****The food is always cooked to perfection.  Its only right to start off with some Champagne Marquis De La Tour when at a french restaurant.We ordered the 12oz New York strip with Bearnaise sauce aside with hand cut frites which were amazing.also ordered the Steak Roquefort with blue cheese sauce and also with hand cut frites. This is definitely a spot I have to hit up every time I come to Vegas!
5	We ate here for lunch based on Yelp reviews-- we wanted somewhere unique to the area, inexpensive, and yummy-- and this fit the bill!! We both ordered Frangria- it was a great, inexpensive fruity option that paired well with lunch. We also ordered the Tapenade appetizer because I am a sucker for olives- it was great, but so is the crusty french bread that you get complimentary, so an appetizer isn't a must.I had the quiche Lorraine, which was delicious and a giant portion. My husband had the steak sandwich, which he also really liked, and those little crispy fries it comes with are fantastic. It was a lot of food- so much that we only had an appetizer and dessert later on in lieu of dinner. Price was good, there wasn't a wait, no complaints here! We will definitely back next time we're in Vegas.
5	OMG their food is delicious!!
5	Great food, great view of Bellagio Fountains, I almost hate to share the secret but can't help myself. Also serves a gourmet French Brunch with Bloody Mary bar.
5	Lovely waitstaff, atmosphere and food! Best combination, the trout, wine and chocolate mousse was absolutely delicious. The crust in the open face trout had a perfect crunchy sear and still moist inside. Can't beat the view if the dancing Bellagio Fountains while enjoying the meal. When the weather is beautiful, this is the place to go!
5	One of my favorite restaurants on the strip. You can't beat the view, make sure to sit outside!
3	Food was pretty good,  and you can't beat the view. Disappointed in the number of options,  but glad to see they have a gluten free menu.
4	Service was great! It was a pretty romantic place. We decided not to dine at the patio, but still had a good time.French onion soup and escargot not so much. I've had much better!
4	love sitting out on the patio along the strip...we always go with friends and are treated like royalty
4	Enter this restaurant from inside the casino at Paris Casino. Sitting outside completely changes the atmosphere. Whereas inside it feels like a formal upscale restaurant. Outside, you get the night time atmosphere of Vegas. People watching was highly entertaining. We were also able to see the fountain show across the street at the Bellagio. They have heat lamps next to each table outside.Bread was fresh out of the oven. Escargot was fantastic. Filet was well prepared. Service was slow even though we ate early and the inside of the restaurant was mostly empty. Wine selection was not large but varied. One bottle could be found at the local Jewel for the same price as a glass in the restaurant. Overall great place to eat great food and decompress on vacation.
5	We were really glad to have checked the Yelp reviews and to have found this place. Lovely restaurant located in the Paris hotel and casino complex. We had an early dinner here, arriving around 5.30pm and so we were sat down fairly promptly. The yelp reviews are pretty much spot on- great food, drinks at reasonable prices (relatively speaking- hey, this is Vegas!) We started with the escargot appetizer and very warm crusty bread and two glasses of red wine, followed by two steak dinners. Everything was delicious and the the service was top notch and friendly. Some advice- try to get here early if you can or call ahead and make a reservation. We had a pretty short wait but on our way out they was a considerable line forming. This place is obviously very popular and for good reason.
5	Unfortunately, even during the week, this restaurant was always too packed to just walk-in. The wait time for "Lonely Party of One" was just too long so I went elsewhere. Judging by the ambience, massive amounts of people always there, massive amounts of people waiting to be seated, looking with no shame at plates coming out to diners, fabulous outdoor seating and location, I'm going to go ahead and give them five stars. It was one of the most popular restaurants that I saw on The Strip. Beautiful place to dine at with spectacular food presentation and views. Before leaving Vegas I did end-up asking, they do take reservations and you are highly encouraged to make one. Now I know, next time I will be dining here.
4	Went there for lunch. The wait wasn't that bad. It only took us ten minutes to get a seat outside. The atmosphere was great especially when the bellagio fountain is right across the street. Food was decent, but it was reaaaaalllllyyyyyy slow.
4	With a prime location and views of the Bellagio fountains, this spot is one of the best values on the Strip.  The hanger steak and frites were perfectly cooked and a good deal at $20. The salad eaters at our table raved about the spinach and salmon salad.  One thing I would not order in the future was the seafood tower.  At $50, I was expecting to get a bit more seafood than what was served, and while it all tasted very good, I would probably only order it if I lived in a place where I couldn't get fresh seafood.  Service was excellent.
5	I've been coming here for close to a decade. Best meal for the price in Vegas. Never disappoints.
4	This place is amazing!  The food feels authentic, the staff is incredibly friendly, fun and helpful, and if you go at the right time, you can watch the Bellagio fountain show while you eat!  The most memorable part of the meal to me was the fois gras.  I've never had it before, but I've been told that if not prepared correctly, it can be a very negative experience.  I really enjoyed it and would definitely try it again if it's prepared as well as this.  The only mark down I give is for the price.  It's definitely not a cheap place to eat, but considering all you get ambiance and food wise, it's defintely worth it!
4	it's pricey, but definitely not the most pricey if tou're going for something a little fancier. The setting is very romantic, and the staff was polite and friendly. If you have a bit extra to spend, give it a shot. The food is delicious.
5	Mussels, trout and bananas fosters all home runs! Service and quality outstanding! Make reservations, it is kid friendly. In my experience best fries I've tasted!
5	AMAZING. Firstly, the decor is gorgeous. You hardly even realize your in tacky Las Vegas! My mother and i had a reservation for inside, but we were able to sit in the middle part that's almost half inside half out, encased in glass. We immediately got warm bread with delicious sweet cream butter. My mother doesn't eat gluten, and it was very convenient that they had a gluten free menu that had many delicious options. They were even able to get her her own bread that came with butter and olives, which she ate even though she doesn't like olives. The meal was fabulous. My mom had a arugula, beet, grapefruit, walnut, goat cheese salad that looked phenomenal. She are it very quickly. I had a glass of frangria, their version of sangria. Strong and delicious. I had the mushroom soup with cream Fraiche which was amazing. Then I also had a salad: arugula, greens, butternut squash, craisins, pumpkin seeds. I was so fresh and delicious and perfectly portioned.Our waitress Hillary was the sweetest person, and very accommodating. The atmosphere was great, the food was delectable, and the wine was fabulous. What more can you ask for in a restaurant. Oh, and it was very reasonably priced...heaven!
1	Service was slow. Had to send entree back to the kitchen because it was overcooked. Food was very bland.
5	It had been a while since I've had dinner at Mon Ami Gabi and since I didn't go there during my trip last May, I decided to make up for the lost opportunity.I came in for a very late dinner at around 10pm.  The good thing about this was that there is no line at all and you can be seated anywhere you want right away.  I settled with the Patio because that's always the way to go, even during the cold December weather.  And what was cool about the patio was that there were heat lamps all over to the point where the 33 degree weather was a non-factor.  I actually didn't need to wear a jacket outside because the lamps kept the patio pretty hot.Late dinner on the patio. -- http://bit.ly/1bGgnYZView of Bellagio Fountains from my table. -- http://bit.ly/1bGgDamOne recurring theme that I was noticing during my last trip to Vegas was that at all the restaurants I went to the appetizers on the menu are actually full meals.  The Duck Leg Confit was on their appetizer section and it was only $11 so I was assuming that it would be a little mini duck leg with some garnish.  Boy was I wrong about that when I got this huge platter presented in front of me with a nice big and crispy duck leg on top of a bed of lentils and port wine reduction.  It was amazing!  I almost decided to cancel out my Beef Bourgninon order because it was already a lot of food!Duck Leg Confit. This is an appetizer?? Daaaaaaang! -- http://bit.ly/1kBWinHHad it not been for the Duck Leg Confit "appetizer"  I probably could've enjoyed the Beef Bourgninon a lot more, but at the point when it finally reached my table I was already full.  No matter, I pressed on and stuck with it.  The Pappardelle noodles were good and the beef was really tender, plus the bacon and mushrooms gave it even more flavor.  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to finish this but it was a really good entree.Classic Beef Bourguignon --  http://bit.ly/1jRdBnjSo far every time I've been to Mon Ami Gabi I would order something different and each time has been stellar!  It has proven to me once again that I can come here at any time during the day, whether it be for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and can have amazing food and really good service.
5	New to the Mountains Edge area and finally found an awesome restaurant to relax in, or grab a cocktail with friends.  Check out Oyshi Sushi for an all you can eat, great service and knowledgeable sushi chefs.
4	This place offers a great value. You get very good steaks that are reasonably priced and very tasty.  Tried the one with Merlot sauce and the peppercorn sauce. Service is great, they are fast friendly and very attentive.   Kids menu is an awesome value and great tasting. The ambiance is one of a kind, especially the patio seating with great views of Bellagio water show and the strip.   This place is a solid 4 perhaps even a 5.
3	Seafood crepe is good but the steak is average. Good choice for lunch die to the sunshine on strip.
4	Excellent food. Friendly server! Great view to the Bellagio fountain! The Maine Lobster roll is delicious and portion is generous. Oyster was very fresh, albeit a bit small. French onion soup is not salty.
3	This place seemed pretty popular from the packed tables and line waiting out front.  We lucked out and got a view of the Bellagio fountains which truly added to the ambiance.  I would call the service brisk and generally efficient, but not necessarily warm and attentive.  But then again, this place was filled up on a Sunday night.  And of course in Vegas, God help you if you need to go to the restroom.  The hike in my stilettos out of the restaurant and across the casino floor to hit the loo was a drag but typically the case in that town.  I had the filet with some type of creme fraishe topper that honestly could have been one of the most tender steaks I've ever had.   Other sides for the table were for me generally unremarkable.  I'm really glad I had the opportunity to check out this place, but not sure I'd go out of my way to visit again.  Granted, that view and that steak, I just might reconsider.
5	C'est un joli restaurant!I made a last minute reservation for brunch using OpenTable, and luckily got the time I wanted. Patio seating cannot be reserved, but I wasn't bummed. I lose my appetite if I watch the LV street carnies too long. I ordered the Benedict and asked if I could substitute the ham with salmon. "Certainly, Monsieur," said our server, #51. I say #51 because they have numbers in place of their names. I asked why this was. I was told each number corresponds to a different Arrondissement of Paris. I thought there were only 20, and I saw numbers upwards of 70, so who knows if that's the real reason. Servers should have names on their name tags, not numbers. It strikes me the wrong way. Anyways, I'll get off my soapbox. His name was Rey, and he was boss.We started with a carafe of Frangria. Their French spin on sangria, which got me sufficiently buzzed. Delicious. Smooth. Indulgent. In fact, I'm having olfactory memories of the rosemary sprigs in the Frangria. Nostalgia.The salmon Benny was literally perfect. The hollandaise was light, the salmon fresh and a proper pink, and the yolk a well executed poached egg; oozing after a slight application of pressure. The accompanying hash browns were well seasoned and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. We had a wonderful table along the glass partition next to the server's wine station. It felt exclusive, intimate, and very conducive to private conversation. I want to go to Paris...
5	My group and I really loved Mon Ami. First of all, the ambiance is fantastic. I mean if there were any place in the whole country that you could create a truly "Paris" like experience, I would think it would at be the giant multi billion dollar Paris replica in Vegas. This place really feels European, in the sense that you are in a really touristy area of Paris watching Americans and Asians meander by gawking up at the Eiffel Tower and being obnoxious... well ill reserve the obnoxious comment to the Americans. It's not your "quaint alleyway/place that Hemingway would have hung out" type of authenticity, but if you're expecting that in Vegas, you are off your rocker anyway - my point is it feels about as authentic as you can get - the food, the decor, the surroundings etc.The food is excellent and the service is very friendly (and it's crazy being in a "European" place and getting quick service... it feels WRONG!). I would come here again, and recommend to anybody looking for a place on the Strip for dinner/lunch/brunch. As is the case with any popular place in this town... make reservations. My favorite thing about Mon Ami though was the setting/patio and the ambiance. Grab a spot on the patio and this has got to be some of the best people watching in the country. Seriously. Where else can you grab an delicious patio brunch at 11 AM and watch half a dozen drunken bachelor or bachelorette party stumble by during your meal? Got to love Vegas.
5	The flavors of France are abundant here!!!!I take all my visitors here because the have a great variety of flavors and the cafe latte is the best I have found in town!!!. I always get a bowl and half way thru the breakfast all the tables surrounding me have joined in! I lived in Seattle for a long time and I finally found the place to rivalry old steady. Great setting with an Atrium to view the strip while you receive awesome service and they also have am outdoor heated patio that is quite comfortable most of the year!This is one place you won't want to miss!  The locals love it too!
5	I have been here a couple of times and it's a great restaurant with an amazing view.  Ask to be seated outside as they have a view of the Bellagio water show, and they have heaters so you can sit outside even in the winter.  It's the perfect spot for a couple or friends.  Breakfast or dinner.  It's all doable.  Upside to this is there cheapest item on the menu ($12.95) which the burger is to die for, and so is everything else on the menu.  No complaints from the service or the food.  I definitely recommend.
5	There steaks are amazing and for the price even more amazing. I've been to a few good spots here but this is the spot for now:) place is a bit dark at night if I have to say something negative.
3	Mon Ami Gabi is situated at the front of the Paris Las Vegas hotel, but the Parisian theme is applied much more subtly inside the dining room than in the rest of the host resort.We were seated at a table located at an odd intersection between two dining areas and the kitchen doors which meant a steady stream of servers passing back and forth. This added a fun air of hustle-and-bustle that you might experience in a Parisian Bistro. It was fine at lunch time, but might not be what you want during a romantic date night dinner.I Started with the Onion Soup au Gratin, which arrived piping hot and topped with a bubbling layer of gratineed cheese. The soup itself was far too sweet and far too gloopy, a symptom of the baguette slices that had been submerged in the dish rather than floated on top of it as is traditional.My entree was much better; filet of Pacific Snapper pan-fried in a light herb batter that lent a subtle texture to the fish. The fish sat on top of lobster cream and butternut squash orzo pasta, which was light and flavorful. There was a broad selection of French wines available, plus a limited, but high quality selection of beers.I would eat at Mon Ami Gabi again.
4	the good: prices were decent, seafood appetizer tower was pretty fresh, bread perfect and hot, scallop entree was decent, fries and their potato chips were awesome ( i'm still craving them right now!), servers were pretty good.the bad:the hostess working at the podium on the morning of Christmas Eve needs to tone down her attitude or needs to be replaced. this is what ensued between her and a coworker:Diva ( speaking to coworker): Get the pager from that customer.Coworker: trying to do something with the menus she's holdingDiva: Pager! get the Pager! (this is while she's snapping her fingers and pointing at the customer walking by with the pager)Coworker: "i heard you the first time!" *she must be a joy to work with*here's how it went with me and the Diva:Me: Three please.Diva: It'll be 15-20 min outsideMe: Okay. * This is where she gets retarded. She just stares at me. I get uncomfortable. I'm thinking "don't you need to take down my name or give me a pager?"Me: Um, aren't I supposed to get a pager?*only then does she hand me the dang pager. Diva/bimbo doesn't even apologize for her momentary brain fart. ^Thinking is so hard.
4	Food: Delicious! Definitely get one of the steak frites. My boyfriend got the fish & chips, and they weren't as amazing as what the rest of the family got. I personally loved my steak au poivre, my boyfriend's brother loved his steak bordelaise, and my boyfriend's dad got the ribeye. The portions and quality of food are worth the price. Definitely try one of the desserts - the warm chocolate cake was fabulous.Service: The service was good, but if you need to be on time for a show (like the O at the Bellagio across the street), make sure to tell your server ASAP! I told the hostess as she walked us to the door, but I really should have also spoken with the server immediately. She took her time at first before we spoke to her about our tickets, but after that was absolutely perfect, getting the food out to us quickly, etc. Our water glasses were always full, and we got everything we wanted.Location/Seating: We got a perfect table right at the edge of the patio. Unless it's super cold, definitely sit on the patio. There are heat lamps, you can people-watch, and you have front-row seating for the Bellagio fountain show.GETTING A TABLE:Okay, here's the info I really need you to know: Just try everything. Try to get a reservation (indoors only), then show up 45-60 minutes before you actually want to eat and ask for an outdoor patio seat. You can also ask for an indoors table, but the ambiance wouldn't be anything out of the ordinary for a fancy restaurant.The reason why this place is 4 stars instead of 5 is because of their ridiculous approach to tables. I wanted to eat at 5:30 to get to our 7:30 show at the Bellagio. No reservations except for 4:30 and 9:30 - I went with neither. So my boyfriend and I showed up an hour early and went to separate lines (???) for an indoor table vs. an outdoor table. He could get an outdoor table that could be ready around 5:30 (perfect) and I couldn't get anything until 9. I just got mad when we were escorted to our patio table and we passed by several empty tables that could have accommodated our party. That was frustrating and I could see how that wouldn't be great if the weather was terrible (unlikely) or if someone really needed to sit inside. I dunno, that just didn't make any sense.
4	The food was very similar to the Chicago location, but they didn't split the french onion soup when we told them we were sharing.  It would have been nice for them to split it like they do in Chicago.  Everything was great, but the service was a step down from the service that you would normally get at the original.  We were still very happy with our meal, but I guess Vegas servers are just a step down from what you get in the Windy City.
4	UPFRONT DISCLAIMER: I'm not a fan of Las Vegas. Don't like the Oz-like fantasy world and the wretched excess of blatant consumerism that is thrust in your face from every angle. And I'm tired of holding my breath so as not to catch a case of cancer from all the cigarettes as I try to take a shortcut through some casino to get to the street! So I'm kinda prejudiced against just about anything in that town save the Bellagio fountains (how can you not get a kick out of that??!!) Which brings up restaurants. More celeb restaurants per square foot here than anywhere else in the world and, quite frankly, it's all overkill. Most are factories with a big name attached. And yes, the food at these places can be decent. I just find them to be over-priced splurges for the masses who come here once a year on a big vacation!But then there's Mon Ami Gabi. The only big name attached here is the Lettuce Entertain You folks out of Chicago who happen to run some pretty popular and very accessible restaurants from Chi-Town to Santa Monica. What they've done here at Paris, Paris is create a very friendly French Bistro & Terrace environment with pretty authentic French Bistro fare at a reasonable price -- all staged across the street from those killer fountains of Bellagio! This is not Alain Ducasse cuisine by ay stretch of the imagination but the recipes and preparations have integrity, the service is delivered with friendly attitude and the setting is cool.  Intimate it is not but you can find your own intimacy within the bustle and flow of the dining scene here. It's alive, glowing, engaging and delicious! We've been there for breakfast, lunch and dinner over several different trips and have always found it to be a good value, delicious and a pleasant escape from the frenetic antics of the Vegas denizens.I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi! C'est si bon!
5	I went there on my anniversary and had the best food. Server was really sweet and I would say sit on patio as one can get beautiful view of Bellagio fountain. Highly recommended!!!
4	The food and service made my night. Their fries were pretty good. It's not overly oily or burnt or soggy. Perfect! I think something they could do about the half plate of fries was to add something else like seasoned vegetables, some sort of salad, or just a smaller portion of fries. It was great, but I couldn't finish it all! I ordered a Steak Dijon and it was good, but they could have been a bitttt more generous with the sauce. My brother's Steak Merlot was ok given that he ordered it medium well. (not a big fan of anything more than medium) My dad's filet mignon...MMMMMMMMMMM...YUMMY! He doesn't like bloody stuff, so it was well done and still!!! I'd think it'd be difficult to order a tasty well done filet mignon, but this chef did it! Meat was not burnt, hard, or super chewy. Nice and tender. Delicious!!! I've got nothing but compliments for their food. My mom had the Trout Amandine. I expected it to be so-so, but goodness! It was practically boneless and the fish was sooooooo soft. It felt like it just melted in my mouth. I ordered a banana crepe afterward and it was okay! It wasn't amazing, but everything else for the night was just wonderful. Definitely coming back again! :)
4	Great view Bellagio Fountain show at night so definitely try to get patio, worth the wait.  Have to try the duck, great value.
5	Loved it! We came twice.Breakfast: good quiche Lorraine, fluffy egg omelet & nice view if you sit in the indoor patio. Dinner: awesome!!! We sat inside, it was very cozy with dim lighting.They serve a warm baguette with creamed butter. For starters, we had the escargot. It was very good. My hubby had the soup special which was an oyster soup. It was amazing. It was creamy.. But not too much.. More like velvety. I had the duck leg confit & a side of fries for my meal. That was the best duck confit I've ever had in the U.S. The meat would just fall off the bone. My hubby had the chicken paillard & the macaroni gratin which he said were very good. The waitress recommended a white chocolate bread pudding. It was served warm with ice cream.. Very good too. This place has great food, great service, nice atmosphere and a reasonable price. Our dinner bill with a glass of Bordeaux was $95. Definitely make a reservation (I used open table).
4	I came here most importantly for the view of Bellagio fountain from the patio, and luckily I got a patio table!!! The food & service was decent as well. Make sure to make a reservation ahead of time. You can reserve very easily online.
5	My wife, daughter and son-in-law recently made a road trip to Las Vegas from their home in Palo Alto. Our lunch here was perhaps my best meal there, and it was also surprisingly affordable, at least by the standards of the Vegas strip. The location is also great.I had the steak frites classique, which was superb, and well worth the 20-some dollars I paid for it. The steak was perfectly prepared (I ordered it medium rare), and was accompanied by a large mound of interesting and tasty french fries, fresh cut into ribbon shapes. (See my daughter Adrienne M's review for photos.) I am informed that the fries taste very good cold the next day, like good potato chips. My wife had the lobster roll, which was her second choice (she had asked for the trout almondine, but was told after she ordered it that the trout had not made it to the restaurant yet that day). She was, however, very satisfied with her lobster roll, and was particularly pleased that it was served on a Maine-style bun. My SIL enjoyed his steak sandwich. My daughter wasn't wild about her chicken/brie/apple sandwich; she thought it had a sour taste. The bite she gave me did have a bit of a sour taste to it (probably from the apples), but I didn't mind it at all, although being a true carnivore I preferred my steak. The meal was preceded by a fabulous crusty baguette, served with butter. This didn't last long with the four of us, but a request for a second was cheerfully and promptly satisfied (no extra charge).Service was also very good, prompt and courteous at all times.Highly recommended for an excellent and reasonably priced meal in a town where these two descriptions often contradict one another.
4	This was my third time eating here. As usual food was great, service let us down this time and it was not even as crowded as last two times.  I would still recommend eating here.
4	I had one of the best French dinners here!It was outstanding and we were really quite surprised at how wonderful the food was.Escargot was buttery but not too greasy and had a parsley mixture which added to its unique flavor.The bone in ribeye is a must u have to order it medium rare and it will melt in your mouth with the perfect combination of herbs for the rich beefy flavor.The goat cheese in tomato sauce appetizer was magnificently seasoned as it burst in your mouth and filled your tastebuds with a tantalizing taste of balanced goat cheese and fresh tomatoes.I'm returning!
5	Hands down ... Best breakfast in Vegas ... This is the second time we came and we loved it. The food is fresh (salmon with egg Benedict), tasty (crepe) and delicious ... and the service is great. Even the home coffee is better than average.,,The location is great by the Strip so we could eat with the view of Bellagio, Paris (it's in Paris), etc.A must try when you're in Vegas !
5	One of my favorite places to eat on the strip! Being a local, you don't want to pay high prices and at Mon Ami Gabi you definitely get the bang for your buck. I am a steak and potatoes girl. Steak is phenomenal and although the entrees do not come with potatoes, the frites are equally as tasty. The sangria is a must try for everyone!Try to sit on the patio or in the back room to enjoy a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains while you dine!
4	Great atmospshere, food,  and people. Right in front of the bellagio. The food is very tasty and you can't beat the view.
4	we had eaten there for dinner but wanted to try it for breakfast.  All I can say is be sure to have the French Toast.  OMG, to die for.  I'm not a big eater but believe me I ate every single bite.  It was some wonderful bread with blueberries on top and a delicious blueberry syrup topped with real whipped cream.  My husband had his usual omelet which came with potatoes and toast.  He said it was one of the best he's had.  I looked over at the table next to us where the people had ordered quiche.  Normally they are slices, these were huge pies.  Next time that's what I'm having and there will be a next time.
4	Great service, great food and affordable price!! If you want to eat outside at the patio there's no reservations available, you'll have to wait for at least 30 mins depending how busy it is, but it is all worth it.you get a great viw of the Bellagio fountains while you have dinner!
5	One of the best places to go. Service is amazing, view is great and food is always yummy.  Been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner throughout all my vegas visits. They never disappoint. The steak sandwich is great to share. The baked goat cheese with warm bread is always a hit. There's a Bloody Mary bar on the weekends. Just a great place. Make sure to call ahead for patio seating. Heat lamps are on outside when it's chilly. Table by the window inside is perfect too. Enjoy!!!
4	After reading various reviews, I decided to take my friend here for breakfast.Our waiter, #21, was very friendly and helpful.Coffee was great. Food was delicious. Patio seating a are first come first serve.
1	One star because there's no option of no star. This is a place that leaves a bad taste starting from the hostess. It was a nice 1/3 Friday noon that one thinks it must be nice to sit at a patio overlooking the Strip people traffic. There were at least 4 girls at the entrance (not sure if they all were hosts). Separate lines for patio versus inner sitting. When asked how long will wait be for patio "45 mins to an hour, sit inside no wait". OMG, rude! When I decided to sign up for patio, given a pager, "don't walk past the white bridge/stairs, and no outside coz no signal". Rude the second time. Finally it's my turn to be sitted. "Are all of you here yet? if not, you have to wait till all of you here" "My friend is not coming, just myself." Hostess face twitched. "Well, you'll have to wait for 1 person table" What is the difference between 1 or 2 person table. At that point, I decided to leave, no turn back.It's true that Vegas the Strip is famous travel destination, but customers are not chopped liver, especially having to pay insane double to triple prices for mediocre food one can find in other metro areas. I'm done with Vegas, not coming back in several years. Or will not dine at the Strip!
4	Excellent service and ambiance.  Breakfast was quick, fresh and delicious!
3	This place would get two stars if it wasn't for it's great location and view of the Bellagio Fountain. I was in town for a real estate seminar and my business partner, his wife, and I decided to dine here. Positives:1. Prices are very reasonable for being on the strip.2. If you're seated outside for dinner, you have a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.3. Dimly lit and romantic setting.Negatives:1. My iced tea was not refilled for 20-30 minutes. The staff is seemed so busy and the service wasn't that great.2. My medium rare steak was very thin and overcooked. I don't get how they can cook a very thin steak medium rare...I was expecting better tasting and thicker.3. It's very loud inside. Tips: Use Open Table and make reservations the day before or you'll wait 45+ minutes.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to when I am in Las Vegas, Nevada. Great for a date, family or friends. The filet mignon merlot steak is excellent. It melts in your mouth (Got mines done medium rare). Very tasty. For appetizer, the chicken liver patey is also an excellent choice.  I recommend that you use the baguette bread that you get as starter as it tastes better with it. The French onion soup is alright. You can't RSVP to sit outside in the patio area. This is first come, first serve. It has a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. You can however, RSVP for inside through Open Table.
4	This is a good, affordable French restaurant.  Food is probably 3 stars.  4 stars for the ability to eat on the patio.We ordered primarily side dishes and sat outside on their patio, watching people walk by on the strip and sort of seeing the Bellagio fountains across the street.  The french onion soup and ratatouille were solid.  Not the best in the world, but good.
5	Wonderful location for brunch, the Bloody Mary bar is a treat , quick and pleasant service.
5	Mon Ami Gabi was so good for lunch, we went back for breakfast. I highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time. You can't sit on the patio which is only first come first served, but we got a table just inside the patio so we had a similar view and I couldn't see it being worth the several hour wait others went through to sit on the patio. Getting seated immediately was much nicer.The service is a tad bit slow, but if you go knowing that, it won't bother you much. Plus, it's a restaurant attempting to recreate a Parisian dining experience, which is much slower than the meals we're used to as Americans. This restaurant works like a well-oiled machine and food was consistently great with interesting specials offered.The reason we chose this restaurant was because I can't eat gluten and this restaurant was rated as safe by people with Celiac disease so I trusted this restaurant to prepare me a good quality meal that wouldn't make me sick and they delivered twice. For lunch I had a burger on a gluten free bun which was delicious and cooked perfectly with Bleu cheese on top. The thin fries they serve were also great and we were assured everything was prepared in a separate section of the kitchen to avoid cross-contamination. The staff made me feel very safe eating there which is very rare. My meal even came with an allergy stick in it and the person that delivered it stated it was gluten free as well. Having all the staff on the same page and having these quality control pieces in place is the best way to cater to allergies in a restaurant. Also had the creme brulee which is well worth over-stuffing yourself.For breakfast I had gluten free French toast with a blueberry sauce and fresh whipped cream. It was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had, even when I used to be able to eat normally. My bf had the skinny pancake (crepe) special with cinnamon and Nutella and hazelnuts. The waiter apologized for not being able to make gluten free crepes or waffles but that was fine with me and expected, although I would say it isn't hard to find a good waffle and crepe gluten free recipe if Mon Ami Gabi wanted to send their gluten free customers to heaven. All and all, great atmosphere, a relaxing meal, and outdid my expectations and I didn't get sick. Totally awesome. Merci, Gabi!
1	This review is just for the Bloody Mary bar that is offered on weekends. I love visiting Mon Ami Gabi when I visit Vegas, and I always  go for the weekend brunch.  The food at the Brunch is excellent, but the Bloody Mary bar has gone downhill over the past couple of years.  A couple of years ago there were plenty of condiments to use ... Pickled asparagus, good quality olives, and an assortment of condiments .  Now they have glasses full of things you can't even use, they are just for show.  This past weekend they did not even have horseradish !!!! Can you imagine a Bloody Mary bar without horseradish?  Hey, we are paying for a good Bloody Mary , if you can't afford to stock your condiments than either raise the price or get rid of it.  Shame on you Mon Ami Gabi... Who is the manager that came up with the brilliant idea on chincing  on the condiments ????
4	Yup, believe the hype and rating, this place is definitely worth trying.  Made a reservation and at 6pm they had seats available still on the patio where the view is definitely worth the wait if there was one.I went with the french onion soup which was pretty good, though would've preferred if it had a crispier crouton on top instead of something a little too mushy.  That was pretty much my only complaint with this place.For the main meal I had the steak bordelaise and I was very happy.  Huge portion, steak cooked nice and rare, great sauce, and the frites were very good.If you're in town and looking for a very reasonably priced dinner that will leave you full, this is definitely the spot.  I just wish we weren't in a rush to make our show time, otherwise I would've happily stayed for dessert.
5	Always a staple of our Las Vegas trips. A must for breakfast. Fresh whipped cream on our french toast. Sausage that is house made. Attentive staff, even if there are issues they are on top of things.
5	Breakfast AND Dinner are amazing! The staff is pretty wonderful too! A+
4	Excellent breakfast menu, they just need to hire more staff to have a better service.
2	After reading the reviews, we decided to come here for my birthday for lunch time. Both my husband and I think that the experience was very disappointing. First of all, the food was just ok. We got the steak frites, since we had better somewhere else, we think the food was just ok. We wouldn't call it good or great anyway. Besides, the service was not great. I think we unluckily got one that didn't do well (meanwhile I saw another server was very sincere with his customers, I wish he was our server). Restaurants need to know that the service from the servers could affect customers' dinning experience in a great extent. Our dining experience was negatively affected by our server. It totally wasn't a happy birthday meal. By the way. my husband noted that it was for my birthday on the reservation, so I don't understand why they didn't make it more pleasant for someone who is having her birthday.We are not gonna go back even if someone wants to treat us there, why waste my time in an unpleasant restaurant?
5	A great option for brunch on the strip.I went here twice for brunch in the past couple weeks. A few tips: - Make a reservation as it gets packed pretty quickly - Don't sit outside on the patio unless the weather is nice or you don't mind eating with your jacket on. The heat lamps are not very warm (we quickly got up and moved inside) - The cafe area adjacent to the patio is probably the best area for brunch. Very light and sunny, but sheltered from the cold/wind. - If you drive there, plan to arrive early as you have to walk all the way through the shopping area and casino to get to the restaurant.For brunch, I've had the brioche french toast and the corned beef hash. French toast wins hands down unless you want something savory. The smoked salmon platter is fairly generous and the benedicts all looked very good.Service was good and prompt. I had my coffee refilled several times without asking. Note they add gratuity for parties of 5 or more.
4	I been to Mon Ami Gabi before and their food is really good too and i want to come back its just i don't really go to the Strip much but once i go to the strip again i will come back and try new menu.
4	I've heard so much about this place so for this family trip to Vegas we decided to check it out.  We went for lunch instead of dinner because it was cheaper and it seemed more like a lunch place.ATMOSPHERE: We made reservations so luckily we got seated in the "greenhouse" area, where it's all open with glass so you get to see outside but it's covered/enclosed so you dont have the heat/cold or wind.  It was perfect! Very pretty/and bright.The inside looked kind of dark so I guess for a romantic dinner it would be nice but for a lunch the greenhouse area was perfect.FOOD: They give you a baguette in the beginning, which was very crunchy and soft on the inside and still warm when they handed it to us.  FRENCH TUNA MELT TARTINE - If you didn't know, a tartine is basically an open faced sandwich.  It tasted like it says - tuna melt, so you taste tuna salad with lots of different veggies and toppings on top of the crusty bread.  Bellpeppers, onions, artichokes...it was good.  It also came with a little salad on the side, which was nice.All of the hot sandwiches (which this is) come with french fries on the side.  They are very interesting and you can tell they make it there.  They are flat and thin, some are more crispy and some are more soggy but they were good and a nice addition to the sandwich.  SALMON SALAD - My sister got this and said it was good, it came with a good amount of salmon and the entire entree was definitely plenty for lunch portions.  My mom accidentally got the "mixed greens" which was a small plate and she added salmon to it, but my sister's salad looked much better.Overall - I'd suggest making reservations for lunch for a light but great lunch where you feel like you're in paris on the street at a cafe.
5	Have you been to Paris, France? If you haven't this is the best as it gets to eating in Paris, France. Eating here for the first time reminded my family and I of eating in Champs Elysees. Everything on the menu reminds you of France. My favorite dish, being the beef tartare. (raw beef). Although a bit different from the French Version. The French version the tartare is soaked in worsestershire sauce and an a raw egg on top, which you mix in later. Though the Las Vegas Version was quite edible. Needs more bread though for the tartare. The frites (fries) were quite good, although the frites in France were like big potato skins like thick and huge. The fish (skate) that my brother had ordered was pretty tasty. The one dish that caught our attention the most was the french onion soup. It was served just right. Since we weren't driving that day, it was perfect to drink some Frangria. (mixed wine with fruits). How much better can it get? It does get better, since we were sitting outside with a view of the fountains of bellagio. So, every 15 minutes, we had a fountain show of the bellagio! Sitting outside with such a view earned this rating the 2 stars. Try to arrive early, as it gets really busy! This is one for the books.
4	Love to eat here and watch the fountains.
5	Loved this place. Service exceeded expectations, food was delivered quick and hot with just the taste and flavor I was looking for.. Thank you!
5	We loved this rest to eat and watch bellagio fountain show at night time.So romantic..everytime when we were in vegas, we stopped by this rest to eat and enjoy free show.
5	I really liked it. I had the steak sandwich. The rest of my partly liked their food in general. The bread was good too.
5	Based on so many other Yelp reviews of this lovely French place, I decided to have my dinner here on my final night in Vegas. Since my plans for the day concluded earlier than planned, I arrived at Mon Ami sooner as well and JUST managed to nab the one remaining patio table.What else is there to say beyond what has already been waxed lyrical about Mon Ami? Not much really. The service there was excellent, the food was top notch (French onion soup, ribeye steak frites done medium, a glass of Gigondas, finishing with creme brulee), and the view was fantastic. Loved every minute of my meal there, and I would strongly recommend Mon Ami to anyone considering a beautiful dining experience on the Strip.
5	Been here twice now: Once for dinner and once for brunch.Dinner was definitely good especially if you get to sit on the balcony overlooking the strip and the bellagio fountain. Food and service were excellent as well.Brunch though, by far was a much better experience. Sat out in the balcony as well but the food was amazing. The cornbeef hash my gf had was the best i've had.The wait was 30 min. which was to be expected on a Sunday around 11AM.Will come here again for brunch... and so should you.Good to take friends, family, coworkers, date, and customers.Make sure to sit out on balcony and take sunglasses during the day.
4	I had the Filet Merlot, Medium-Rare paired with a glass of their Malbec. The restaurant had a great ambience, and the wait staff was able to handle the crowds effectively. I was surprised they were able to handle our party of approximately 20 people. Outstanding!The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because the quality of steak. I have had greater filets in the heart of cattle country back home in Oklahoma. Overall, the restaurant was very good.
5	My go-to place for steak in Vegas.  Love their Fillet Mignon with merlot butter reduction.  Served perfectly cooked and oh-so-tender with each bite.  The pomme frites are consistently crisp every time!  If you go for brunch, their bloody marys are a must try.
5	Had the Brioche french toast and eggs Benedict.  First class and creative all the way and quite reasonable.  Well done.
5	best place for brunch!always make a reservation so you can be seated at the balcony. (good food with a nice view of the bellagio and its water fountain show=the best)must try istheir french toast #1(never pass it),i also like eggs benedict w/ smoke salmon.creme brulee is lovemy cousin like her quiche lorraine (its just too big for 1 person tho) pair every thing with orange juice or mimosa maybe :)a must go to place!
4	had the lobster bisque and the lobster roll which were both excellant.  I might return here, places to eat in Las Vegas are every where so one day ill return
4	Definitely a fan of Mon Ami Gabi. After an underwhelming  trip to a different French restaurant in Vegas about a month ago, I was psyched to get another chance to get my steak + frites fix and Mon Ami Gabi didn't disappoint.French onion soup - beyond delicious. Bone-in rib eye with Bearnaise - now THAT is what steak should taste like. It came out more medium rare than medium, which is fine by me. Perfectly seasoned and wonderfully flavorful. The sauce was rich and delicious as well.For sides we went with the garlic spinach, which was honestly just kind of "m'eh", but the pureed cauliflower was awesome.  No room for dessert, though I'm sure it would have been great. Definitely a place to hit up in Vegas - Mon Ami Gabi has great ambiance, service and really reasonable (by Vegas standards) prices. Winner.
5	There is another review which mentions reserving to get seated at the balcony. She must have meant the dining room, b/c Mon Ami Gabi does not take reservations for the balcony (it's first come, first served). All reservations go to the dining room.We made a reservation via OpenTable and was disappointed that they did not honor our request for a table against the wall (I hate sitting in the middle of the room), but the server overheard me grumbling and volunteered to move us without being asked.The food is fantastic. We love the escargot and their steaks are always super yummy. If you are seated in the balcony or any of the tables next to the windows, you get a nice view of the Bellagio Fountains. Very romantic. :)This is our favorite restaurant on the strip due to its ambiance, affordable prices and location. We go back every time we are in LV!
4	This place is excellent. My friends and I were looking for a reasonably priced place for dinner and I am happy we stumbled upon this restaurant. The ambiance is semi-romantic and because we came on a week day, there was no wait to be seated. All meals come with complimentary bread and butter. The portions were filling for one person, and the food was also delicious. I ordered a chicken and cauliflower mash dish, whereas my friend ordered the salmon and quinoa. The chicken was very tender and was not dry at all. The salmon quinoa was also very fresh. We both ordered an expresso for dessert and it was just what we needed before a night out.Would definitely come here again whenever I am in Vegas. (:
4	I came here for lunch during the holiday weekend and the wait was about thirty minutes. I wish I made a reservation for the balcony because it overlooks the beautiful, Bellagio fountains! They start you off with complimentary bread and it is really good, I'm surprised they didn't make me pay for it at all. (We asked for extras, two times.) I ordered the salmon with quinoa - beautiful! Cooked to perfection and seasoned beautifully. The frites here are amazing, I still can't forget how delicious they were! There were only a few left on the plate, and being rather greedy, I had to snatch them up to bring home. It was that good. The steak is also cooked beautifully and wonderfully flavored. The service here is really friendly and I was expecting them to be not as friendly (because it was Christmas day and most of the service I had encountered throughout the day at several other locations was rather unpleasent), so I was really surprised at how happy and patient all the servers were! Really professional! Only thing I wasn't so pleased was the time it took for my server to take our order, she came in about 20 minutes after we were seated! But the food came out rather quickly, so that's a plus.
4	Definitely a fan of this place! We picked this place due to the yelp reviews. The steak was great! I had the hangar steak and the hubby had the Steak diane. He loved mine more than his. I didn't really care for his, it was very tough and not much flavor. The ambiance of sitting out on the patio, watching the bellagio fountain was amazing. The wine selection was good. We enjoyed a very romantic night here. Make reservations. We waited around 2 hours for a table.
5	My favorite restaurant on the strip. Sitting on the patio you get a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains and the smoked salmon is the best smoked salmon I have ever had!
5	Excellent food and service. We had the Waffles with Caramelized apples and the Steak and Frites. Both were very flavorful and would highly recommend them.
5	I love this place! Went here for my mom's birthday dinner with some of her friends who had been there before. I got the french onion soup which had to have been the best french onion soup of my life. For dinner, I had the entree sized scallops with brussel sprouts. I don't usually like brussel sprouts but this place happened to make them phenomenal. Overall, an excellent place. I'll definitely be going back. They also give you their recipes for certain things if you ask ;)
3	Easy to get a last minute reservation to this restaurant so we had dinner here on Saturday night.  I ordered the Filet Mignon - Merlot Butter & Red Wine Reduction.  Our entire table of 4 ordered that but our steak came out cold.  I would really prefer to have my steak nice and hot where I have to watch out burning myself with the plate.  The baguette that they serve to the table was very good.  Overall, an okay experience.  "Cheap" for Vegas standards.
4	If you ever get a chance to eat here, I suggest you try the croissants. Everything was super delicious! Even my mother, who is very picky towards non-Vietnamese food, wiped her plate clean. Everything was a pretty nice portion, the price is decent although if you let your stomach rule, the bill might end up quite high since everything is drool worthy just from the description (this is from experience, guys).
5	Amazing! Fresh bread and they keep it coming. Food was amazing. Waited for the seat outside and well worth the wait. Front row to the Belagio water show and watching all the weird people walking by. A must eat if your in the area, but have a little time to wait. You won't be disappointed.
4	Firstly, make a reservation at this place! Do not wait in line for over an hour like the majority of tourists who come to this place.As for seating, a table on the patio with a great view of the Bellagio is the way to go.The food is tasty, but the French steaks are too thin for my taste. After one steak, I considered ordering one or two more plates. The fries are also unique and definitely worth a try.During busy times, it is also apparent that the staff wants you to leave as soon as possible. Oh well, business is business.I am by no means a regular at this restaurant, but it is definitely wroth a try.
3	The view of the Bellagio is excelent. The food is good. A good option for lunch. To have dinner I would prefer other places.
5	Really great restaurant. A little pricey, but across from the Bellagio fountains and the food was amazing, so well worth it.
5	Yummy!!!!  I am in Vegas often and this is a staple restaurant for every visit. I prefer the dinner menu over lunch. Make sure you visit this restaurant.
5	Came here for a late lunch and got seated at the patio within 10 minsYou should always ask for the patio seating if the weather is nice because it is right across from the Bellagio fountainService was good and the food is not too expensive and pretty good! I would definitely come back again :)
4	We were a little tipsy after playing the penny machines and decided to spend our pennies on some steak at Mon Ami Gabi. Prices were reasonable and I enjoyed the ambiance as it felt really romantic and intimate. Our server went beyond and out of his way, when he discovered my bf grew up in Wisconsin and had the chef make a custom gravy with some cheese from Wisconsin. I had a steak with fries, and I have no complaints. It's always a great surprise when you are met with excellent customer service. I didn't notice anything about the dress code since the bf was wearing a hoodie, but overall great experience for dinner.
2	TOTALLY NOT WORTH IT. Soft baguette wrapped in a paper bag and tasteless butter, oversized quiche and cold& dry fries, in spite of that the daily special lobster soup and cocktails were okay. Maybe it's because we missed the highly-rated brunch time so we got crappy lunch...
5	The perfect restaurant, I dined at the one in Chicago, and when my girlfriends and I wanted to go to dinner before seeing O! at the Bellagio, I suggested this as teh perfect place.  A nice restaurant, moderately priced, great service, and RIGHT across the street from the Bellagio.  It's awesome to have the fountains go off as you're dining, and the atmosphere & food is great. I would recommend to anyone!
5	We get a gift card for this restaurant every year for Christmas.....it's one of our favorites. Breakfast is awesome....steaks are divine!
3	Too much hype and too many reviews leads to lower in quality of food and service. It's a shame because I can tell that food can be so much better but the kitchen and service staff are probably in a rush to get food ready and turn tables. My steak was good but frites were cold. Appetizer came only one minute after ordering which leads me to think that there were a bunch made just ready to serve. Perhaps it was because I went during a busy time but if I do go back again, I'll make sure to go when it's not so busy.
5	it's a must go place
5	You gotta try this place when you come to Vegas. And you gotta make sure you reserve patio seating! If you're coming for dinner, make your reservations after 7pm, that way the Bellagio Fountains will go off every 15 minutes. It's so gorgeous and such a prime location on the strip. We ordered cocktails and the baked goat cheese-- everything was fabulous! Wonderful service as well.
2	The food and service is average but I have to give this restaurant 2 stars to compensate for all of the high ratings its gotten. I think this restaurant is so popular because of the great view.
3	Had a nice little meal here the first night of a conference I attended. I've been to the one in Chicago, and liked it, and there aren't any real complaints here, either.Started with the baked goat cheese and tomato sauce. It was tasty, but I'm a sucker for any type of goat cheese-based dish. My main course was the scallop dish, and while there were 5 scallops on my plate, they were paired with a few measly mushrooms and it just didn't go well together.The view was great, though - we sat instead by right by the windows facing the Bellagio. It was like dinner and a show.
5	Our last meal in Vegas and we came here. We sat on the patio (in January!) and had the best meal we've had in the 5 days we were here. Perfectly cooked filet mignon with Merlot butter and good little French "frites". Great gluten free menu, a gluten free bread and olive plate, and special allergy tags for food.
4	Try to reserve a table in the atrium, with a view of the strip and Bellagio fountains.  Wonderful place for a casual brunch, the restaurant does a great job of transporting you away from the gaudiness and bustle of Vegas, even if for only an hour or two.  The brunch was delicious, a recommended morning stop in your Vegas culinary adventures.
4	A very nice place to go for lunch especially. The food here is very good and in the warmer month sitting outside on the Vegas Strip is quite an experience. Try the scallops! It's a bit pricy, but the location when you sit outside is very nice!
5	My Las Vegas trip is not complete until I come here at least once. My favorites are escargot, baked goat cheese, Frangria, seafood crepe and much more. Service is always excellent but for the one time when Gabriel who seemed like he was more into himself than anything, "took care of us." Other than that their servers are pleasant, attentive and down to earth. If I had a place to go in San Francisco that was this classy, affordable, approachable and comfortable, I'd be there at least once a week! Love u Mon Ami Gabi!
4	Came here on a Thursday afternoon, my party of two waited about 15 min for a patio seat. The patio seats are highly coveted since they are great for people watching, but terrible for sun burns and flies.  Located on the strip at Paris, across from the Bellagio fountains, this restaurant features a fancy decor inside/more lax on the patio, moderately priced items, and delicious food. -chicken and brie sandwich: with caramelized onions and green apple slices, came with their flat salty fries and a mini salad, this sandwich was very very good. Not heavy at all. The combination was divine. -grilled cheese duck confit: also came with their flat salty fries, mini salad, a berry/ginger fruit compote. This was very heavy and greasy. The sweet compote is a must add to the salty duck. Overall good, but definitely share this dish as a whole sandwich would be too much, unless of course you plan on just lazying around for an hour or two after. -free birthday dessert: puff roll with a hefty scoop of vanilla ice cream inside, drizzled with chocolate sauce. good. can't complain about free. -marquis de la tour champagne: light, bubbly, fun. I'd come back for the breakfast and their french onion soup, just to see what all the fuss is about. Til next time.
4	Great steaks!  Great service!  Scott, our server, was perfect!  Make sure you are out on the patio so you can see the water show at the Bellagio while you eat!!
4	Wonderful staff, very attentive. Food was good- but the drinks-holy cow! Stronger than a mutha*+%#! Not that there's anything wrong with it! :) plus they cost a pretty penny so- I'm just saying watch yourself if your little like me, you'll leave out of there loaded!
4	My friend and I made this our first stop when coming to vegas last weekend. We arrived at 11pm, an hour after our reservation but hostess seated us outside right away. We loved the view of the bellagio fountains outside on the patio. We ordered light and went with the parsnip curry soup and the escargot. The soup was rich and very delicious, though small portion. The escargot was chewy, but equally as good with lots of garlic and butter. The leftover sauce from the escargot goes awesome with their fresh bread. Even if it's cold outside, they still have the heat lamps so you can still be comfortable and enjoy the people watching and fountains at night.
4	Food is AMAZING. Service is subpar. OK, we came in with 18 people, but just split the checks if we ask for that. Again, steaks were to die for, but our waitress was only OK.
5	Came to celebrate my 24th birthday dinner here and I was more than happy with the view, the service and the food. There was a bit of wait but that only allowed for a celebratory champagne toast at the bar. we were seated outside where you can watch the Bellagio water show as you dine. I didn't want it to end
1	We made a reservation... So trying to check in was frustrating because thy have three different hostess stands, and the hostesses were super rude. I finally find the right one and then I have to wait 20 mins for my reservation. When we finally are about to get seated the hostess offers us a able outside, then the hostess next to her tells her not to offer it to me (seriously). So she apologizes and says I can't have it. Ok?! A guy walks up right behind me with his buzzer and offers him the table outside. Did that just happen?! Oh wait, it did....Possibly the worst first impression of any restaurant I've been to. If my best friend wasn't so excite to eat here I for sure would have walked off.Lets get to the food. I ordered the special. It was medallions wrapped with bacon. And to be fair the waitress said you could not request how you like the steak due to bacon having to be cooked a certain temperature.... My medallions were so over cooked they were like hard little poker chips... And were as chewy a beef jerky. Possibly the worst steak I've ever had. They were a dark brown color the ENTIRE way through. Gross.The only good thing that happened during the entire meal was our server. #74. She was awesome! I considered ordering something other than steak, but since this place seems to be known for steaks I decided to go with it. And since I was ordering a steak I wanted one of the better cuts. If you are looking for $200 beef jerky and to be treated like crap upon check in you should make a "reservation" for this place. Complete disappointment. Vegas has some amazing restaurants don't waste your time and money on this one.
5	Wow, what a great restaurant! The service was excellent. They heard my husband had to go on a conference call and escorted us to a quiet end of the restaurant. Our server was friendly and very attentive without being intrusive. I am gluten allergic and they had options and substitutions readily available. I had the turkey egg white omelette, which was very tasty, healthy, and filling. Hubby had delicious chicken sausage with hash browns and eggs AND the berry pancake, all of which he loved
5	steak sandwich /w au ju dip - thumbs up
2	Glad I wasn't in a hurry. Took about 75 min. To get our food. The table of 8 who gave there order got food their food 30min before us. We had great view patio seat, but something not right with how kitchen is run.
5	I always loved this bistro/restaurant.  Ever since it opened with at the Paris Hotel, I have been a regular diner.  When out-of-town friends come to LV, I always suggest a little repast at Mon Ami Gabi - on the Strip with the crowds below you - directly eating on the verranda outdoors area - what bliss...a great omelet is made there.  The one  thing I can say to anyone is always try the bread first - a good restaurant has good bread - and so MAG has it!  Enjoy their pommes frites if you are having a luncheon dish, too.  Viva la Mon Ami Gabi!
5	We went here for breakfast on our first morning in Vegas and loved the service, food, and location so much that we decided to come back for dinner for our anniversary later in the week! What a great decision!! We had the French onion soup, steaks, and a bottle of wine... Everything was FANTASTIC!!! Our server, Martin, was so great! He was knowledgeable, friendly, and timely! We let him (and his manager) know how great everything was and how much we appreciated the experience and they were so happy that they offered us a free dessert and comped our bottle of wine!! Not only was this whole dining experience above and beyond our expectations, we had asked to sit outside and they were able to accommodate that request in under 10 minutes, so we were able to enjoy the bellagio fountains the entire time!! We HIGHLY recommend this restaurant to anyone - we can't wait to go back!!
5	Never disappointing. Patio seating is a must on nice days. Today we were told 15-30 minute wait but were seated within 10. Great view of the Bellagio fountain. Salmon eggs Benedict are amazing.
5	I usually do not go to French restaurants because they are over my budget but here the pricing was moderate. The food was excellent. We hard scallops which were very large and cooked to perfection. We also ordered  a cheaper cut of meat which was as tender as a higher cut. A balsamic reduction that was perfect.Salad greens very fresh. The best part is I ordered wine by the glass and it was very good and reasonable ( $9)The waiter was very pleasant and the food come out quicklyThe only down was after we where seated it took a while for our waiter to show up about 15 minutes but we did not mind we where seated outside and the water fountain show at the Bellaggio is excellent to watch ,we also were able to enjoy a street performer about 30 feet away on sidewalk.Total bill for 4 was 175.00
5	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #24 - #365If you want to experience French cuisine in a romantic or casual setting, than, "Mon Ami Gabi" is the perfect choice for you. This restaurant is located across from the Eiffel Tower ride in the casino and along the Vegas Strip where you can watch the Bellagio fountains from the outdoor patio. Everything here was exquisite, from the staff, restaurant decor and of course the French FOOD!I came here on a variety of occasions; wedding receptions, birthdays, family and friends. Every time I dine at Mon Ami Gabi, it always works out to perfection and it's hard to fault on anything except for the wait, but that's minor. Some of the items I've ordered in Mon Ami Gabi:+Oysters  Du Jour - $15.95+Wild Escargots De Bourgogne - $13.95+Onion Soup Au Gratin - $9.95+Caesar Salad - $11.95+Filet Mignon - $35.95+Au Poivre Burger - $13.95Everything here was delicious and the service was 5 stars all the way. If any of my friends of family were visiting Las Vegas for the first time, than Mon Ami Gabi would be on my, "Must Do List!" Especially the patio seating because it offers some of the best views of the center strip and it can be hard to get a table there. Tip: Book a table in advance!Bon Appetite!!
4	The food here was delicious! I went here with a large party for a bachelorette brunch. Service was good and prompt even though we had to wait for the rest of our party to arrive. Got the mushroom, chicken, and brie crepe as well as the mussels to share. The half portion of mussels was actually very large with a lot of mussels for only $11.95. Also sampled my friend's butternut squash quiche which was yummy as well. The french onion soup had a very strong onion flavor and was loaded with cheese on top so that is a good item to order if you like french onion soup. Their fries are good too - kind of flat but wavy. My other friends ordered the seafood crepe which looked great as well with large pieces of succulent shrimp. Other girls had the steak which is the same cut but comes covered with different sauces depending on what you feel like. Didn't get to try a bloody mary but they had this awesome bloody mary bar where you can deck out your drink with whatever you please!
4	This is a great spot to grab lunch with friends and enjoy some good food. There is nothing mind blowing about this place, however they have better than average steaks and seafoods along with with their sandwiches. It's casual-upscale dining if that makes sense.Recommendation: get their seafood platter as an appetizer. It worth the price.
3	I always walk by here and eating on the outside patio seemed so perfect.  The weather was perfect and sunny.  Anyway, the wait was a bit long and we decided to sit inside.  I was expecting good food, like really good food and probably small portions.  Anyway we ordered the French onion soup and the beef hash with poached eggs.The soup was too salty, we received 2 pieces of potatoes with the eggs, and the eggs were a little overcooked.  The hash was decent.  Honestly, the bread they gave us to go with the meal was the best-nutty soft with butter and fresh jam.I don't' really see what the hype was, but I still enjoyed my time here.
5	I had the most amazing meal at Mon Ami Gabi with my girlfriends! Our server (Louis or #67) was amazing and ever so accommodating. Imagine 4 girls with a million questions about the wines and menu?!?!? Most servers would get really impatient, but not Louis he took his time to answer our questions and make sure that we thoroughly enjoyed our meal. I had the escargot as a starter and the hanger steak with the Macaroni gratin. Can I say that I am craving that meal again.. like right now. Writing this review is making my mouth salivate like no other! Every bite of that meal was to die for. Everything was prepared perfectly and not a step was missed.I highly recommend this place and I totally recommend sitting out on the patio to watch the water show at the Bellagio. Its a total romantic place for you and your boo or a great place to have a fine dining experience with your girl girlfriends. Can't wait to visit Vegas again and try their other menu items!!!!
5	Steak Frites for under $30 that is better than the $60 steak I had at N9NE the night before.  And the Duck Confit.  Sooooo good.  This was the most unexpected meal I've ever had in Vegas.  It is now a regular stop for us when in Vegas.  We can enjoy a great meal but not have to drop $100 in order to do it.
5	This place is amazing! From the view of the water show at the Bellagio, to my absolute favorite, steak a la Fritz! Incredible service & staff!
4	Great atmosphere and delicious food. I enjoyed the melt in your mouth steak and the creme brulee dessert. I recommend sitting on the patio. It is worth the wait. Make reservations for best seating times. Friendly and responsive staff.
4	We went there on Tuesday afternoon around 1 and waited about 30 minutes for a table outside, which was no problem except the hostess walked us right past a great table set for two and gave us maybe the worst table on the patio. That's the only reason I'm docking one star. The food was amazing though. Mark, our server who was great, recommended the ahi tuna salad. It was absolutely delicious. The salad was very refreshing and the ahi tuna was perfect! My brother had the ahi tuna burger and practically inhaled it he liked it so much. Then for dessert he got the white chocolate bread pudding and he loved that, while I got the lemon-lime sorbet. The service was great as well. Mark was very helpful and charming and we'll probably ask for him the next time we go. All in all, great service, great food! Thanks mark!
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this French gem on the Vegas strip in Paris Paris. We arrived and only had to wait 10 minutes to be sat on their huge patio area. I could see why they had a specific wait list for this area. When we were sat I was disappointed that we had missed the brunch menu by 30 minutes. "NO WORRIES" says the server "I'll check with the kitchen to see what we can do." She came back with brunch menus and took our drinks orders. Ummm yes! Thank you! I ordered the flat ribeye and eggs dish with hash-browns. It was a good dish. Nothing amazing. Exactly as I expected. My boyfriend had the French toast with whip cream and blueberry compote. I had a bite and was totally jealous that I didn't get that! I would highly recommend anyone who goes to Vegas to check out Mon Ami. The service is on point and the patio is amazing to have brunch on!
4	Awesome and yummy! A little crowded and noisy. Wished we could've sat on the patio, but there are no resv for that....got lucky with that the first time we went. Would def go back.
5	I made reservations via Opentable a day later than I wanted to by mistake. I show up with my party of 4, and they managed to get us a table anyway within 20 minutes. Right outside of the door are some penny slots, so we killed some time and got a couple complimentary drinks while we waited.You'll definitely want to make reservations in advance, as this place is always packed with an hour wait during dinner times. Even on the weekdays. The ambiance (inside) is very relaxing, classy, and fit for both casual attire and dressing up. It's a great place to take your date. It's not too noisy, so carrying a conversation across the table is easy. The prices are reasonable for Vegas. I believe our party paid an average of $25 per entree. I'd definitely come back, but next time I want to sit outside to people watch on the strip and watch the Bellagio fountains in action!
4	one of my favorite restaurants.  I've been to the Vegas location 3 times and one in Maryland once...always fabulous!  I love the hanger steak, the french onion soup, and the frise salad.  So great to sit out on the patio and enjoy the night!
4	Loved the food...loved the service, but the view of the Bellagio is the best!!
5	Always outstanding! Worth it for a nice dinner out in Vegas.
4	I am a big fan of Mon Ami Gabi. I used to go the Chicago location quite often and miss it a lot. This was my first time trying the Vegas one and I LOVED it! Our server was actually French (Canadian) and had a lovely accent, which contributed to the positive experience. Although, I am disappointed that they couldn't do a Picon Beer. This is a beer & liquor combination that you find all over France. Anyway, I can't say enough good things about this place. Hands down, best patio in Vegas for dining. You get an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains, which seem to go off every 15 min or so. The lights of the Paris Hotel & Casino are also a sight to be seen whether you are looking at their balloon sign or at the Eiffel Tower. The menu is moderately priced for anywhere, let alone, the Vegas Strip. I had the steak frites with Bearnaise sauce. So yummy! Yes, it's a thin piece of steak, but it's a large piece of steak and was perfectly cooked. I also tried the pate' as a starter. It was tasty, but not the best I've had. I love the fresh warm baguettes they bring to your table along with the complimentary carrot salad. The meal was such a wonderful experience, but the drinks were inconsistent. I had a side car that was almost all orange liquor and very sweet, but one of my friends ordered a couple of the same drink and they were both stronger and not as sweet. Not sure what was going on with that. The vibe is casual, but you can also dress up if you like. The patio is warm enough even on colder nights because of the heat lamps. The only thing that took me out of it, was the guys flicking those porn cards on the sidewalk in front of us. There were all kinds of shady characters hovering around, so ladies definitely don't leave your purses close to the railing. The decor was very French bistro and looked so similar to the Chicago location. It's just a lot bigger and not in a historic building. They even have the wine carts! I give this place four stars for the food and service. I didn't give them a perfect five because of the drink issues. Every nice restaurant should know how to make a classic drink like a side car, especially if I'm paying $12 or more for it. I will definitely return. The prices match my budget and I love the menu. Can't beat the view either! Gabi, you are definitely Mon Ami!
2	Shame on me for ordering such a mundane thing as a burger at this place.   But the gruyere cheese got my interest and I wanted their fries.  I specifically asked for a medium rare burger and what I got, of course, was a well done burger with literally a paper thin slice of cheese.  It was $13 and did come with their fantastic fries.  The burger was not made on the premises and was in fact pre-formed.  That's ridiculous.I waited at least 15 minutes for the replacement.  There was no offer to take it off the bill..I took it off the bill myself.  Horrible on-site floor managers.  They could care less about your dining experience.  I wrote to the corporate offices of Lettuce Entertain You.  They never wrote back.Beautiful looking restaurant.  Good luck and I hope you have a better dining experience than I had.  There are too many other more worthy places to eat IMHO.  Go to Spago where I have been many times over the years and NEVER had a bad meal there.
5	I've never really been a fan of french food, but this is hands down my favorite french restaurant. I make sure to come here every time I'm in Vegas.I've tried the beef wellington, skate wing, garlic spinach, bread pudding, lobster roll, cauliflower soup, seafood crepe, and french toast. The complimentary bread and butter are so good, I can eat it for days. I thoroughly enjoyed most of the things I tried besides the beef wellington, skate wing, and french toast. The beef wellington and skate wing didn't suit my taste. I'm not a fan of the texture of skate wing and discovered I hate capers after trying this dish. As for the french toast, I felt like it was missing something.Service is very friendly and nice. This place is great for a romantic date or for a casual brunch. I'll be coming back very soon :DP.S., the bread pudding is very heavy......so try sharing it with at least 3 people. The bf and I almost died trying to finish it.
5	We had a wonderful dinner there last night ! My husband's bone in rib-eye was superb! And my blackened cod melted in your mouth. This is one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas!
4	One of the most pleasant dining experiences I had in Vegas. It really does have a French feel, except here you get butter with your fresh baguette. You also get a small cachepot of fresh radish slaw. Magnifique! There is indoor and outdoor seating - the further indoor you go towards Paris casino, the darker it gets. I sat in the middle area - not outdoors on the strip and not indoors towards the cave-like setting. It was perfect!I split the half roasted chicken with pommes frites and a side salad. These are no ordinary French fries: thinly sliced and fried to perfection, they are highly addictive! Dinner for two (splitting a salad and main dish) without wine came to around $35 or so. Not bad for Vegas!Our waitress was pleasant enough, but not overly personable. That has been my experience with Vegas, it's such a touristy town that the customer service seems pretty impersonal but still gets the job done. Most likely the couple you serve tonight will not be around to come back again next month unlike establishments in your local 'hood.
5	Reallly good Steak Borderlaise, substituted the frites with mashed potatoes, really set the night! It was reallllyyy packed that night during CES, but the service was impeccable and friendly, and we say free fountain shows across at the Bellagio. One of the best steak I had during my trip, and even the creme brulee was the right amount of softness.Really recommended, and make reservations!
4	I have been told that this place is really good.  Even walking by, this place always seems packed with guests.  And after reading a bunch of the reviews, I thought going here was a must.Placed a reservation.  Reservations are for indoor seating, I believe.  If you want to sit outside, you have to actually go there and be put on a list and wait.I ordered the corned beef hash with mushrooms.  Absolutely delicious.  The poached egg may not be much, but it really added some flavor when you poke at the yolk.  Hashbrowns?  Wow.  Not your typical diner hashbrowns.There was also a build your own Bloody Mary bar.  I thought that was pretty cool.
4	Professional job...can't complain... staff was pleasant...food was nice... view from outside was really enjoyable...winner.
4	Expensive but good. Boyfriend couldn't get enough of the coffee, said it was good and strong. I ordered the apple waffle and it was great, he ordered the lemon skinny pancakes (crepes) which he said were good. I tried the crepes and they were okay, but I'm not a crepe person.
5	This review is based off of one lunch experience, but they earned every one of those five stars.  Our server was exceptional.  Quick to help out with anything and anticipate needs, knowledgeable about the menu, able to answer any question and make recommendations, and friendly on top of all of that.  One member of our party requested a gluten free menu (they are not allergic, but generally just avoid gluten) and almost immediately after, we were brought gluten free bread as well as the normal table baguette, which was not asked for, but the desire was anticipated.  They were willing to allow us to have an extra join when that person arrived earlier than expected, and were more than happy to hurry his food to help us make a show.The food itself was delicious, the portion a great lunch size, not too big but enough to fill you and allow you to keep on going until dinner.  In our group we ordered a salad or two, a steak sandwich, and a variety of burgers.  Not one person had a complaint, and everyone walked away discussing how good their meal had been.
5	One of the best restaurants in Vegas for the price. Always reasonably priced and delicious. I always get the baked goat cheese for an appetizer. So good and the waiter brought us extra garlic bread for it. I ordered the seafood platter to share which came with a whole lobster, prawns, oysters, salmon, and a seaweed salad all for $50. Talk about a deal! We sat on the patio which was great because we were able to see the fountains at the Bellagio. It was also heated so you don't have to worry about being cold. We were about to order dessert when we realized we were running late for a show. We had already ordered cappucinos so we asked our waiter if her could make them to-go. He put our drinks in to-go cups and brought us our checks very quickly. I always enjoy coming here for the great food, nice atmosphere, and reasonable prices.
5	We dined here on Thanksgiving for a romantic dinner. We sat outside under the heat lamps looking out toward the Bellagio fountains. Our server Jose was kind enough to offer to take our picture & provide us with what felt like special attention despite the crowd that night. Our steaks au poivre were done perfectly and Jose was helpful with suggestions for sides & desserts. Overall, we had excellent service with delicious food. We will return!
3	I want to give 5 stars alone for the restaurant being so accomodating when I tried booking a large party lunch reservation for my birthday weekend. Drew, their group event planner, was very helpful with the reservation process, willingly changing our reservation time and at the last minute, changing it from a large party (12 people) to only 4 people for lunch.However the food was ok for the price and ambiance. We were seated at a table next to another 2 top table literally inches away from us ("rubbing elbows" is an understatement." The servers were nice, attentive and well informed of the specials. I went with the lobster roll, which was stuffed with lobster but was too creamy for my taste (I favor traditional New England lobster rolls that highlight the lobster with basic butter.) My chips started out crispy but were bland and tough to chew by meals end. I liked the idea of my boyfriends open faced tuna melt sandwich, but preferred eating his fries which were crispy and seasoned well. My girlfriend got the seafood crepe, and she said the scallops were cooked to perfection, but very pricey ($19) for what you got. Her husband scarfed down his corned beef hash and eggs, but the portion was so small, he finished my lobster roll for me.I might have given another star if we were sat on the patio but it was a 45 minute wait! Overall, It wasn't bad but I would check out Bouchon for a bigger brunch menu next time.
4	Came here with a few friends as a "formal dinner night". An excuse to try a new place, an excuse to dress nice, and have a nice dinner with friends that came from out of town to visit. We had reservations made and were quickly seated soon after arrival. We had been taken to a table inside. but upon request, we were able to get a table by the window to have a nice view of the bellagio fountains and the outside. Service was really good, and the waiter was very attentive and knowledgable. With an introduction of the day's specials as well as recommendations, it helped on deciding what to order. For myself, i had ordered a Hor D'oeurves (id just call it an appetizer) and an Steak Frites (entree xD).Wild Escargots De Bourgogne - Oven-Roasted Snails in a garlic herb butter. VERY buttery and herb filled. Escargot tasted great and seasoned perfectly. The garlic herb butter was DELICIOUS and went extremely well with the complimentary bread that was served. Before i knew it, i was cleaning the escargot tray with the bread, not a drop of garlic herb butter was left ! mmm ! yummy ! Bearnaise Steak Frites w/ classic bearnaise sauce - Thin cut of steak with a mountain (not exagerating, there was a seemingly endless amount) of hand-cut fries. As for the steak, i had ordered medium rare. Come out a little more towards medium to medium well. Didn't really give it too much thought. The cut was quite thin. To get it seared on each side and edges, already puts it quite cooked. The bearnaise sauce was pretty good. Creamy, slighty sour, bright flavored sauce. Matched the steak pretty well. The hand cut fries were thinly cut and fried. Given a large amount. I dont think i finished itOverall, for the price of everything, the view, and the ambiance and experience. It was really good. With the weather allowing, it would be great to sit outside
4	On our last night in Vegas, on our 13-year-overdue honeymoon, my wife and I were taking one last stroll down the strip. We wandered into Paris Casino, feeling hungry and just looking for something different, so we tried this place. It was a very enjoyable experience. We ordered the cold seafood platter for two- lobster tails, oysters, shrimp and salmon, along with a glass of wine for each of us. The staff were very friendly despite our being obvious tourists, our server went on at length about the wine and she made sure we got just the right wine to go with our meal- she really knew her stuff! Service was very fast despite the place being packed, and the food was wonderful. The server was right on target with her wine suggestions, they were perfect with our seafood. The fresh bread and butter with the meal were a nice treat as well. They also found the perfect romantic spot for us to sit- a candle lit table for two indoors (it was rather chilly outside) with a clear view of the fountains of Bellagio across the street. Our quick stop to eat turned into a romantic candle-lit dinner, what a nice way to end our vacation. The only reason I gave this place 4 stars and not 5 was because it was rather pricey- our food, one glass of wine each and the tip came to $90. But  funny enough, I had just won $90 playing blackjack in the Mirage so I guess it was meant to be!
2	My review is based solely on brunch. I would have to say, if I was to return, I would return for dinner, not brunch. IMO the food is way too heavy for morning or even mid-day. My hubby and I had the french onion soup as recommended by many reviewers on yelp. I found it too cheesy. . . and I am a person that likes cheese. My hubby got corn beef hash which he seemed pretty "meh" about. Not bad, not good. I ordered a tuna melt. It came open faced, with a thick slice of cheese melted on top. The tuna was mixed heavily with olives and olive juice. My first bite was so salty I could feel my face swelling up already. I decided to preserve both the sandwich and the fries for the homeless man sitting outside the restaurant. My appetite for food had vanished and I proceeded to order cocktails. Cocktails were good. Service was great. Ambiance is what gave my review two stars.
5	Very nice place...get ready to drop some cash tho.
4	This place is such an awesome dinner option on the strip. Really delicious French bistro food at a great price. View of the Bellagio fountain show from the patio, although they only accept reservations inside, if you get the right table you can still see the show.But the real show is the food. Steak frites, fresh fish, oysters on the half shell, delicious soups and a really great wine list with variety and affordable options. Love this place.
5	Everything was delish. Our waitress was number 71 aka Michelle. The food came out quickly despite the restaurant being very busy. Everything was cooked to perfection. There was sort of a clusterf*ck after we checked in  it seemed like there were a couple parties waiting to be seated. All in all I highly recommend this place.
4	The best little bistro on the strip.  Great views of the Bellagio fountain if you sit outside.  I say "if" because one trip it rained and we had to sit indoors.  Who knew that it rained in Vegas?Breakfast, Breakfast, Breakfast.  This is what you do here.  They have an amazing breakfast.  French-inspired.  Get the Eggs Benedict.  I go au naturale and get the style with the Canadian ham, but one trip they had it with smoked salmon.  I am not sure if this is a permanent item, but it was damn good.  Also, grab a Blood Mary.  Imagine snacking on perfectly poached eggs resting on top of grilled Canadian ham and piggy-backing on an English muffin.  Now imagine the Bellagio Fountains go off as you take a sip of your Bloody Mary.  Lunch and Dinner are great too and you will see more fountain action during this time, but it may be difficult to get a table outside.  Also, you will have to tolerate the transformers, batman, porn slappers, and other craziness on the strip.....because you are right there in the thick of it.I say you reserve this as a place for breakfast.  They deliver with taste and price.
5	Apparently the last time I ate here I gave up meat for Lent, well well well what do you know? I am now a vegetarian :)There wasn't much vegetarian options but it could be my fault, since I didn't ask. I did see on their menu that they had Gluten-Free options. Pretty cool.I settled on ordering the Butternut Squash & Brie Quiche. The cole slaw on the side was bit salty but I finished it. My quiche was a bit plain but I loved it & thought it was delicious. Nothing "food-coma" induced but juuuuuuust right :)Service was good, as usual :)We always make a stop here whenever we are in LV, it's a must!
5	Great food and ambience! I love being able to sit right on the Strip and people watch while noshing on the most delicious ham and cheese crepe I've ever tried! The butternut squash quiche was pretty good, too, but the crepes are to-die-for!
4	Worth the wait to get the patio if you aren't in a rush as you get lunch/dinner and a show.  The food here is also very good and I'm a big fan of their bloody mary bar.  Meat stick?  Check!
5	This place was amazing, and much better than expected! The first day we ate here; we all had a nice beverage to get the morning going and sat near outside but not so near that we heard street noise or felt the cool air. Everyone loved their respected dishes. We ordered; Salmon Plate, Croissant Sandwich, Chicken/Brie/Apple Crepe, Blueberry French Toast, Eggs Benedict, Bacon, Breakfast Potato. Total for all of us was $140, which is not bad for 6 people plus drinks and tip. My friend and I returned the next morning and had a bagel with cream cheese and potato's - which again were fabulous. This is definitely my new breakfast spot!
4	Super surprised by the quality of steak at this place. We had a group of 10 for dinner. The waitress was calm and a damn good sport for taking care of us the way she did. Everyone was happy with their meals. $38 for a bottle of red wine in vegas that was pretty decent?! Major score.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is my "go-to" restaurant for special brunch dates, when family is in town, and when I'm wanting a good steak! Since I'm local in Las Vegas it would be rare to find me in the heart of the strip but this restaurant has the best ambiance on a warm summer day, great service, and amazing brunch selections.
4	Love this place! Had breakfast twice on the same weekend. The food was really good. I had the ham and cheese crepe, delicious! My husband got the egg white and turkey omelet! He loved it. They do their own bread! Sat outside, highly recommend it!
5	Best steak I've ever had. The goat cheese appetizer is a must. It's all to die for. Our server was just as phenomenal as the food. Will be back
4	We were between a 3 and 4 on this place. The food, service and ambiance were all nice.. better than a 3 but not quite a 4. We decided to go higher because there was a make your own bloody mary bar which added to the fun of the restaurant. There was also a long line when we got there are were seated quickly without a reservation. I'd come back.
5	Wonderful food selections.  Server was very nice and friendly.  Food was very good and arrived within a short time after ordering.
3	Although the food is not out of this world amazing at Mon Ami Gabi on the strip - the location and price more than make up for it. It's right opposite the Belaggio fountains and if you're lucky and ask for a table near the windows you can see the show every 15 minutes as you eat which is pretty amazing. We had the steaks and fries - which were ok. The steak is a very thin, long cut so it's not the most tasty but it's filling. The fries are slightly odd - they are more like shavings of a potato, or I'm afraid reminded me a bit of old toenails! But again lots of them and fill you up. To be honest compared to some of the places in Vegas and the prices you pay if you're looking for a nice atmosphere, central location and a good feed then you cant go wrong with Mon Ami Gabi.
2	over 3000 reviews and a full 4 stars.  i was expecting good.  what i got was borderline mediocre and whatevs.  it started with our server who was more interested in the table of middle aged women next to ours decked out in gucchi from head to toe.  straight up housewives of las vegas status.  whatevers, i'm not hating on the women, as much as i am on our server.he came to our table, introduced himself and said he'd be right back to tell us about the specials.  he did not return for another 10-15 minutes.  strike 1.we ordered a variety of items.  i got the chicken and apples sandwich which was delicious.  the fries on the other hand.  meh.  corn beef hash - he said the eggs would come out poached.  they did not.  it was fried.full order of mussels.  i found it a little fishy, but gf's said it was good. salmon salad.  what a sad, sad salad.it took us about 20 minutes to get our check even after we had finished our meal because our server was busy talking to the ladies and showing old photos from when he was young.  he then proceeded to go to a new table, use the same line he used on us, and then walked away even after seeing we were done.i think we were visibly annoyed, but if he caught on he showed no signs.  just went right back to chit chatting with everyone else.  first time ever where i have only tipped 10% on a meal.
4	The wife and I were invited to join another couple for Sunday brunch at Mon Ami Gabi.  It was late morning on a beautiful, clear, sunny January day.  It was so nice on this particular day; we knew it would be a shame to not eat outside on Mon Ami Gabi's patio overlooking the Strip across from the Bellagio.  We didn't have reservations, not that it would've helped, since outside dining was first come, first served.  As luck would have it, a table was available immediately for our party and we were treated to a four top up against the rail with an unobstructed Strip-side view of passersby.  Needless to say, it's one of the best people watching spots on the Strip.  We started off by sharing orders of the Housemade Country Pate ($10.95) and the trio of artisan cheeses ($15.95).  The portion of pate was surprisingly generous and a great starter.  The cheeses, while delicious, were nothing terribly special or unique and probably a bit overpriced compared to the seeming value of the pate and what we received for the rest of our meal.  The wife and I split orders of the Warm Chicken & Brie Sandwich ($12.95) and the Butternut Squash & Brie Quiche ($13.95).  The grilled chicken and brie was topped with caramelized onions and thin slices of green apple.  It was a nice-looking and tasting sandwich and an overall winner.  The quiche was tasty, as well, possessing a nice and buttery, flaky crust.  The amount of food was plentiful for the price.   For a national chain restaurant, Mon Ami Gabi impressed me enough to want to check out its location much closer to our home in Northern Virginia.  Mon Ami Gabi served up a solid meal made all the more special by its singular al fresco dining experience.  If you go, go on a good weather day, and sit outside!
5	If breakfast was this good, I can't wait to try dinner! Lets start with the cappucino. The huge huge huge cappucino! It was perfect. Not burnt, served in a bowl, yes a bowl! and very tasty. One of the best I have had outside of Italy! Then the Croque Monsieurr. So delicious. The breakfast potatos were fantastic as well. Great service, amazing view of the strip. I am not really a breakfast person so for me to be impressed at breakfast is saying a lot! This was not a place that was really on my list of must tries and now it is. My next trip this will be a dinner reservation for sure!
4	Great breakfast on the strip.  No idea about anything else.  Wait staff is hit or miss, but a pretty cool place to people watch.  Standard strip prices.
4	Great place.  I had the scallops which were cook perfectly and my wife had the trout which was overcooked.  She did mention this to the waiter who just shrugged it off.  We weren't expecting a refund but an acknowledgment that he would pass the comment to the chef.
5	Great location, great food, great service, reasonable price.  Evening reservation on the patio allowed us to watch the fountains across the street at the Bellagio. Chateauneuf-de-Pape available by the glass was a nice plus.  We went through salad, appetizers, main dish, and deserts and they were all top notch.   Even our 4 year old had a great kids meal.
5	This is hands down one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas. First off if you love French Onion Soup than congrats you just founds the best in the country. I would literally fly to Las Vegas just to get the soup again. The fish is always fresh and delicious and of course the waitstaff is wonderful. If you can sit outside I'd recommend it, because you get a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. One down note is that they only take reservations for inside seating which I find strange considering outside seating is more popular. Otherwise though this place has 5 stars from top to bottom
4	The food was very good. I had the skate wig and beet salad and i was very happy with both. The tables were a little to close for comfort.
1	Horrible customer service. Do not bring a large group. The salesperson that "helped" me in advance did nothing at all for me but cause frustration. The management doesn't care if you want to give them business, so my advice is don't. I arrange group dinners and meetings for my company and I know where I'll never bring them again when we're meeting in Vegas.Food was eh, nothing amazing that would make me change my mind about the poor customer service.
5	my favorite
5	I'll start by saying that I'm the kind of person that likes variety, but this place was so good and well-priced that I found myself there on two consecutive nights recently.  First of all, you can request to sit in their large windowed room or on their patio in order to view the spectacle that is the Bellagio water show.  At night the show is very beautiful, and contrasts well with the soft candelight and ambiance of the dining room.Concerning the food, I started with the goat cheese and tomato sauce appetizer.  Everyone at my table thought this was beyond good.  They serve it with a crispy garlic bread, and the portion is rather large so you'll want to share with a few other people if you can.  For my main dish I chose the pan seared scallops, which were perfectly cooked and tender with a sweet puree sauce.  I also made sure to try my friend's filet mignon with merlot butter sauce and it was DELICIOUS.  It came out to be about two inches thick, and really was a beautiful piece of meat which was well complemented by the crispy texture of the pommes frites.  If you try combining the scallops with the filet into a surf-and-turf kind of heaven, you won't be disappointed.For dessert we tried several of their varieties.  By far the best was the white chocolate bread pudding.  It was rich and delicious, without the gummy texture that some poorly cooked bread pudding tends to take on.  I specifically ordered the lemon tart, which was combined with some sour cherry concoction and was truly delicious.  If you like your dessert a bit tart, I would definitely recommend this.  The chocolate flourless cake was really good too, and came with a delicious ice cream.  My only complaint, which is probably a matter of personal preference, is that I found the french onion soup just okay.  It was a bit too sweet for me, and I would have liked the bread to retain some of it's crunch.  Other than that, everything else was delicious!
2	Do not get breakfast here. Maybe other meals ok.  Burnt toast & hashbrowns served cold.  People who think this is wonderful must eat at Denny's.
4	Just returned here after a business trip. Stayed at Paris so had no reason not to go here due to it's convenience. Well, we wound up eating here three times because it was so good. I have been here before and didn't remember it to be as delicious, but we had breakfast here twice and lunch once. My husband (this totally shocked me) thought the service and ambience was better than at Del Friscos. Cudos to Nicole and Peter, our servers who were great. It is lovely to eat outside and people watch.
4	This is the third time that I came, so I'm giving a combined review of the restaurant. I tried the warm Brie appetizer, good but not great. The steak is good, but had better elsewhere. Scallop appetizer was something memorable for me. Dessert was nothing memorable. The views are good if u sit at patio.
4	Very good food   Try the croque Monsieur    Very good sandwich.  Seating outside is awesome.   Best place to eat at the Paris hotel.   Service was great
4	Food was great, location is among the best in Vegas, but service and beer quality barely gets a 2 star.Lots of attitude by the waiters and waitresses when asked for simple things like forks or towels. As much as I have to be objective and give this place a 4 star rating because of the chef's work, I have to say I will probably not return here in the future.
4	Solid place in a great location. Great food for the price compared to all the other overpriced vegas restaraunts
5	Perfect food, perfect location. Mon Ami Gabi was an amazing dining experience. It's located in the Paris casino on the Vegas Strip. It is a must that you define al fresco here.My friends took me here for my birthday, and it did not disappoint.The bread was placed on our table in a bag, similar to a baguette bag. It was crusty on the outside, soft on the inside. The butter was sweet and spreadable and creamy, that had to be handmade on site. It was so good.We started off with a full carafe of frangria, their twist on sangria, which was a wonderful  blend of fruit and alcohol. Not too sweet, but not overpowered by alcohol.For starters we had the duck leg confit, this was the star of the meal. It came with sweet onions and lentils. Fall off the bone tender.Entrees, 2 of us had the scallops, one had steak frites and the other had the roasted chicken.The scallops, 4 large, were served with a side of sauteed mushrooms on a bed of sweet potato puree. Absolutely delicious, I couldnt finish mine. The scallops were perfectly tender and flavorful.The steak was a perfect medium rare and my friend asked for green beans instead of fries, which they were fine with. According to her, the meal was one of the best she has ever had.My other friend had the chicken, which was served with garlic mashed potatoes. Here too, the chicked was succulent and flavorful. The mashed potatoes were amazing.For desert we had coffee and shared the pecan chocolate bar with a dollop of creme fraiche. It tasted like a fancy turtle. So delicious. The crust was this perfect biscuit/wafer.Mon Ami Gabi is located right across from the Bellagio, which has a fountain show every night. So stunningly beautiful.Our waitress Sarah was very attentive and she never hovered. She took a few snaps for us with the fountain show as background.Overall the best dining experience ever!
5	My girlfriend and I visited Las Vegas for vacation and went to some amazing restaurants.  We tasted food that blew our minds and had experiences we will remember for a lifetime.  Mon Ami Gabi, however, was one of the most memorable.  Our waiter, Jose was FANTASTIC!  He immediately let us know that he was there to make us comfortable and recommended dishes based on friendly conversation.  He checked in constantly and made us laugh.  He was kind, patient and attentive.  The man loves his job and his passion for world-class service shows in every detail.  If you get a chance to visit Mon Ami Gabi, enjoy the food, take in the view, but GO FOR THE JOSE!
4	I ordered the butternut squash spinach salad and it was tossed really well. The spinach gave it a sweet nutty taste I love. We waited to sit outdoors for the fountain show and it was well worth it. The view is amazing.
4	Not as expensive as I thought! I went there on off days, as a local. Yummy lunch and front seat for people watching and fountain watching. Great service. Sat there extra long for the expresso.
4	I have been to Mon Ami Gabi a total of 3 times including my last review. Two of the visits have been very good, one was not so amazing. The last time I went was last weekend and it was very good. A friend and I went for breakfast but once I got there I was really craving a burger...so I got a cheeseburger with brie and an over medium egg...that counts as breakfast, right? (Now I'm kind of kicking myself because reading my last review, they had the same special for benedict...ooooph). The coffee continues to be good, they use Intelligentsia, so it is consistent with other tasty coffee places. Let me say that the burger was super delicious and large (and i totally ate the whole thing....yum), BUT it was not cooked correctly...ordered medium, served well done. I didn't really mind, but to be technical, it was incorrect. The egg was cooked correctly. The whole thing was really very tasty. The frites that came with it were not so awesome... a little too thin, they were kind of the texture of pork rinds. Regardless, for 15$ I would certainly get it again.... I will be back.
4	amazing food but book ahead, really long wait for a table otherwise
5	Always great but Valentines dinner was fabulous!  Great pate and chicken pail lard cooked to perfection!  Gluten free options galore!! Even GF Bread to enjoy with my pate....how nice that they accommodate all kinds of allergies! Always fun and great people watching...good prices for outstanding fare!Not to be missed...also outdoor and indoor seating...feels like Paris..,
5	Great ambience, patio seating is worth the wait.  Been here many times and love it.  Great for people watching (so French) and viewing the Bellagio fountains (so Vegas). I take all of my out of town friends here. Service is excellent.  What's best: -Steak frites classique or the one with caramelized onions-Baguette and butter-Warm Brie-French onion soup-pateWhat you can pass on:-Butternut squash quicheTips:-Arrive 30 minutes before your friends arrive to put your name down for patio seating.  There's always a wait for patio seating.-From the parking structure, walk into the casino but stay to the right (keeping the tables to your left), past Gordon Ramsey's Steak and past the Eiffel Tower tickets line. Mon Ami Gabi is towards the front of the Paris Casino and Hotel near the valet.-Patio seating is the best view for the Bellagio fountains show. Best when viewed in the evening.-Bring sunglasses for daytime patio seating-Reservations are only for indoor seating.  PATIO SEATING is waiting only!
5	Super romantic location with the best view on the strip!
5	We are members of the Lettuce Entertain You rewards club, so we come here at least 4 times a year, even though it is a half hour drive from our house. The filet with merlot butter/ red wine reduction sauce is my favorite item on the menu. Each steak come with the most delicious tiny little French fries (frites) and you will eat every last bite of them. The last two times we were there (my birthday and valentines day) we had the same server, Demetri, and he clearly loves his job! We never feel like we are a burden on the wait staff, they enjoy working at their restaurant just as much as we do dining there. My one and only complaint is that the valet at Paris is usually full and if you have to park in the garage you need to give yourself 10 extra minutes to get to your reservation on time. I guess that's called a "first world problem". Oh well.
3	This place was over hyped. ... breakfast was not worth the price! Its a very nice atmosphere ... good view of the strip and thats about it.
4	From 1 being horrible and 5 being awesome:Food - 3Service - 4View/Scenery - 5Price - 2Food was good.  I got the eggs benedict.  If you get a table with a view of the bellagio fountains, then it's probably the most awesome place to eat at on the strip.  Wish I could have tried more food.
5	The viewThe foodThe ServiceAll greatWhat else do you want in Vegas!!Had breakfast... Eggs Benedict, Salmon bagel well worthHad Lunch: awesome Sandwich Sangria...freshService was fast always, plenty of aids
5	One of my favorites...just can't beat the delicious food and the gorgeous views.
2	I have eaten here twice.  First time was ok, and second time was just bad.   Service was ok, not impressed.  I don't recommend this restaurant. More of a tourist trap than fine dining.
3	Dinner at Mon Ami Gabi was good... nothing spectacular, but good.We told the hostess our party was all here, but then two of our group wandered off by the time the buzzer was called, and she was NOT happy when we sat down with 2 missing people from the group. She rolled her eyes at us, which was a little uncalled for.Besides that, the servers were great, and the food was good. The appetizers were our favorites--the baked brie and warm goat cheese/marinara dip were AMAZING. I could have licked the plates! My steak was fine... a little overcooked, but fine. I also tried the scallops which weren't memorable.
5	I went here for a valentines date and not only was our food delicious, but the service was impeccable. Our server, Sharon V was on top of everything and Jossy never let our glasses go empty. Gabtini cocktails are to die for! Perfect food and service made our evening flawless. Worth every penny!
4	This review may be lost in the sea of the thousands of reviews already on here, but I must share my experience here. I made reservations for valentines day at 7:45pm, well we left late and the traffic was horrendous of course, valentines on a Friday on the strip! Needless to say we arrived almost 45 minutes late. But they still honored our reservation!! and we only had to wait maybe 15 minutes for a table. Considering our tardiness and how busy they were, that was great!And on another note,The food was on point, we had fillet mignon and the hanger steak. Both delicious!! I had the Frangria, for $7. Not bad at all!! I can't wait to return for brunch on a normal day.
5	One of my new favorite spots in Las Vegas. Amazing views of the bellagio fountains outside and comfortable ambiance inside.  Best prime rib sandwich I've had in my life.
5	Excellent outdoor dining and top service! Love the steak aupoivre and the delicious greens. This is now my favorite restaurant on the strip!
4	I've heard GREAT things about their steak but unfortunately, i came for brunch. Brunch here is not bad, there's an outdoor patio to enjoy some sunlight and the inside looks rather fancy - for brunch, but i am not complaining. We were seated quickly but then again we came at 1 ish. Servers were really nice. The place smelled amazing. Everyone's dishes looked so appetizing. I split a mushroom omelette - big mistake, the portions here are not as big as Hash House lol so definitely coulda finished this on my own. The mushroom omelette was pretty good. Usually not a fan of mushroom but it went well with the chives and cheese. My friend ordered the chicken brie and apple crepe - which was also pretty good. I love chicken and it wasn't dry. Next time that's probably what I'm going to order. Actually, I really wanna try this "melt in your mouth" steak my friend has been raving about. She said it was the best steak she ever had. until next time !
4	The view and the food was amazing. We had brunch. Make a reservation, you will be seated quick. without reservation, the wait can be an hour.
5	great view of the bellagio waterfront. had a brunch here, and the food was excellent.great service!
5	This place was awesome. We went to a fancy pants steak house the night before and the meal was triple the price and this place was 100 times better. It is reasonably priced and if you can get a seat outside you get to see the water show across the street. I will always go here when in Vegas.
5	Excellent food! Great service! Awesome brunch.
5	This is a beautiful restaurant with delicious  food. It  has a casual vibe to it, although many people are well dressed. I prefer to go for lunch, when it is less crowded and the prices are lower.  My favorite dish is an appetizer of scallops.
5	I wish I could eat at Mon Ami Gabi every day! I absolutely adore food, service and atmosphere there.
5	Delicious spot! My wife and me came here for our expensive dinner out for our trip to Vegas. Food was yummy! Prices were pretty expensive but my wife got to see water show at the Bellagio from our table so we were happy with that.
5	Very nice and delicious!
4	4.5*There's no line on a weekday around lunchtime! Made a reservation but there was plenty of outdoor seating :) I felt so lucky. I have only eaten here once but am tempted to bump it up to a 5* should my next dining experience be as great. Quiche Lorraine was average but the chicken & brie sandwich was EXCELLENT! Yum. We also saw the Bellagio fountain show.Can't wait to go back to try some of their waffles & crepes for breakfast as well as the steaks for dinner. A must try in Vegas.
4	I really, really love this place--it seems like I come here for brunch every time I'm in Vegas. The make-your-own-Bloody Mary bar is a highlight when it's offered, but otherwise the cocktail list is very good, and the food is delicious. I've never had a meal here that I didn't enjoy.The only issue I've ever encountered here is that it can be very crowded and very busy; there are occasional moments where it is difficult to flag down your server (thus my star deduction)--in particular, the server mutilated the split check we requested, charging me a couple of pennies while my friend was charged the balance, and it took nearly five minutes to get his attention after we discovered the error (he promptly fixed it, though, and was extremely apologetic).An important note: Reservations are not possible if you want to eat on the outdoor terrace patio thing--you just have to stand in line and wait. However, I feel like the patio is overrated, since it can be quite hot and you'll be just inches away from drunk people who are smoking/screaming/doing whatever. Really--truly--eating outside on the Las Vegas Strip is not worth the wait or the grief. Believe me. Don't be a noob. Do yourself a huge favor and just eat inside where there is sweet, sweet air conditioning--you can make yourself a reservation online on OpenTable.com and bypass the line.
4	This place was a pleasant surprise. I thought it would be like the rest of the restaurants on the strip that rely on their location and don't have very appetizing food, I had the steak and frites which was very tasty. Their patio was a lot of fun with great people watching . I guess it helps it was sunny and 75 degrees today in Las Vegas. I would go back and recommend this place.
5	An absolute oasis in a sea of Vegas chaos. Great food and service along with a fantastic replication of a French brasserie.  Now I wish they had locations in Southern California.
3	Good:BreadAtmosphereMany authentic French menu itemsWine selectionBad:Steak Frites - medium grade meat - weak saucesWeak cheeses
5	This place has NEVER done me wrong! Best bistro in town. Gorgeous views of the Bellagio fountain and the hustle and bustle of the strip. They have an amazing wine list, and make FRICKIN amazing French martinis.
4	Loved the chicken =] very good
5	Can they brunch or what!My friend and I were part of the VIP group for SPG and TotalRewards.  We were treated to a complimentary brunch at this restaurant right on the Las Vegas strip!It was a seat-yourself event where any table left open was yours for the taking.  The tables were already prepared with a delicious cantaloupe bowl of fruit with sides of brown sugar and mint syrup and a plate of salmon.The entrees were fantastic.  I thoroughly enjoyed the bananas foster french toast - with just the right amount of creamy goodness!  My friend enjoyed the Eggs Benedict, which we read they were known for.I don't even know what to say about the delicious chocolate mousse.  I mean really - it was melt in your mouth chocolate with the addition of what tasted like the chocolate crunches in ice cream cake formulated into a little ball and served over the mousse.  Texture perfection.The mimosas served were also quite large - I mean, hey, it's Vegas.... Service was great.  Very polite and accommodating for a large group event.
5	great location for people watching and seeing the water show across at the Bellagio. Great waiter. Helped us pick out favorites from the menu. Will make it a point to return to this place when in Vegas.
5	My boyfriend reserved this place for my birthday, and it was really a good choice! I love their daily soup and mussel! The light and candle was very romantic, but it was too dark to take a picture. Overall, I love this place.
4	This place has a great location along the sidewalks of Paris. I've heard great things about the food, and was able to work in a visit for breakfast one morning. I made a reservation on OpenTable and we were seated in a semi-outdoor area. The coveted spot in this restaurant is the outdoor patio, but they also have a room next to the patio with glass windows all around it. It was great to be inside while enjoying the views outside. I ordered the Big Skinny Pancakes, which were actually crepes. Amazing. It came with a side of fresh whipped cream. I also had a latte, which was delicious, but had I known it was Intelligentsia I would have ordered a regular coffee. On my next visit to Vegas I'll have to come back for lunch or dinner to try the onion soup au gratin.
4	Always a good bet.
3	3 stars because although it was good, there was nothing phenomenal about it.  Steak frites were so and so; scallops, bread, view and service were great.  Reasonable prices and not a terribly long wait, so I can't complain... But I can't rave either.  Decent, good, worth a visit, nothing special.
4	Great place, great service.Food was ok but better than most places i have tried!
5	Delicious! If you want amazing french food-- go here! Worth the wait to sit outside! Great views of the Bellagio water show!!
5	This place was AMAZING and one of my favorite Yelp finds.  Made reservations on Yelp, and was seated within seconds of coming in.  The restaurant was pretty busy, but we were seated in a little corner with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains.  We were greeted with water, and a whole loaf of complimentary bread and butter - Yum!  Our server was incredibly helpful, and didn't disappoint the Vegas theme of hospitality.  We started with the mussels - so delicious!  I'm a sucker for mussels in wine and butter sauce, especially when we have bread to dip in the sauce!  My mother had the hanger steak which was perfect in a semi-sweet glaze.  I had the filet mignon in merlot sauce which was amazing!  Every bite melted in my mouth like a perfectly cooked medium-well steak should.  Our server suggested the Beaujolais wine to pair with my steak - and it was indeed a perfect match!  I've never had fries with steak, but the frites that the steaks came with were equally delicious.  I'm so glad this place exists, and will definitely be coming back!  Price wise, this place is definitely a steal for the quality of food, service and ambience that you get!
4	Came here for a nice romantic lunch with my girlfriend. The menu is very french, but also has some great seafood options.I had a lobster roll, while my girlfriend ordered an omelet. the omelet was less than terrific, but the lobster roll...mmmmm....my mouth just started watering even though I ate it over 2 weeks ago. great wine and cocktail selection, along with a bloody mary bar during brunch.
5	Sofia is the best hostess there! Such a beautiful view and their food is amazing! Try the goat cheese dip, I didn't think I even liked goat cheese but I couldn't stop eating it!
2	A friend raved about this place so we came here on our most recent trip to give it a try. I give it to them that they have the best location! From the outside seating you can get a perfect view of the strip and Bellagio's fountain show. However, the food was quite disappointing. What stood out was their smoked salmon and water. Yes, I said water. Which means the other food really isn't that good.One of my friends ordered the French onion soup. He said there was waaay too much cheese and not enough onions. The broth was not beefy enough. My other friend ordered the steak burger and the meat also lacked flavor. The Dijon mustard they gave didn't even taste like Dijon. I ordered the chicken & mushroom crepes and I too was disappointed. The chicken was soooooo dry! I'm surprised because isn't French food supposed to be packed with flavors? Here everything is lacking!The 2 dishes that I did like was the smoked salmon appetizer and the smoked salmon & egg tartine salad. Surprisingly, I am normally not a big fan of smoke salmon but it was quite good here. Fresh & light! Finally, something right. Oh yeah, and the water was good. Either that or I was just dehydrating.Service was okay. We had to flag the servers down a few times.
5	Absolutely a wow experience.  Fantastic food, everything from appetizers to dessert.  Yes, save room for dessert!   The service was great despite the restaurant being very busy.  The wait for the patio was 1-2 hours so we didn't get to enjoy the fountain show.  Luckily, we had reservations and were seated immediately inside - no wait for the table and watched the fountains after dinner.  Thanks, Qaiser B, for an awesome recommendation!
4	Mon Ami Gabi is one of the few places in Vegas that I felt was good value for the price. I had breakfast here one morning and ordered the Blueberry French Toast, and I must say, it was delicious. Large slices of bread, fresh blueberries, whipped cream and blueberry syrup on top. Yum!
4	prime rib steak sandwich with horseradish an au jus dip. the sweet bun (brioche?) made for an interesting  treat for the tastebuds, and hangover. and damn, do they make some delicious fresh cut fries. i devoured every last crunchy bit.
3	Went here last night to celebrate my girlfriends birthday. The restaurant is neatly tucked underneath the Eiffel Tower of the Paris hotel. Scheduled our reservation through OpenTable, and after arriving we were seated within minutes. The place was packed, but I was very happy with our spot. To start off we were given a plate of carrot salad, and bread on the side. My lady hates carrots, but she thought it tasted great. The bread was good, although I was surprised it wasn't pre cut. Never tried escargot before, but we had to try! It was warm, tasty, and had a texture similar to scallops. We gobbled it up like candy. For the main course I ordered a Steak Bordelaise cooked medium rare. The steak was thin, and so tender my heart melted with every bite. The caramelized onion sauce was the perfect topping. My girlfriend's should've been the same, yet it was overcooked. The frites were ok but the whipped cauliflower had us licking the bowl.  We received a complimentary desert for her birthday. The restaurant has an intimate setting, so it may be hard to spot your waiter at times. Our waiter's service started off great, but declined over time. He checked on us less often, and was in a constant rush.  After we finished, I did the usual signing of the receipt since I paid with my card. The waiter immediately scooped it off the table while we were still talking. Definitely an awkward moment.If you're in the mood for french cuisine, check this place out. I have a feeling it may not be the best, but the prices are reasonable and the food is fantastic.
4	Great Al fresco dining , Good food, great selection, awesome bread, we eat here at least three time a month!
2	Sat down to breakfast with a co-worker here last week. Ordered pretty standard bacon and eggs, coffee (great coffee!) and small glasses of OJ. Right after my buddy drains his OJ, the waitress came by with a pitcher of it and asked, "Would you like some more?" Very attentive! He proceeds to continue draining OJs (it was a late night) with our waitress very quick to come by and refill. What service! The bill is dropped off and we see it has eclipsed $40. WHA??? Those OJ refills - $4 a pop. Welcome to Vegas.
5	Let me start by saying I don't like corn beef hash. The corn beef hash here was more like a braised short rib with poached eggs and potatoes- it's one of the best breakfast dishes I've ever eaten. Love their bread and coffee also.The service was great. the food was awesome -what more could you ask for on a Saturday morning in Vegas
4	Love their Sunday Brunch...late winter, early spring is one of the best times to have brunch there outdoors on their patio
4	Awesome location! Awesome food! Good gluten free menu and helpful wait staff. Come here for one meal every time we come to Vegas.
3	I would give 4 stars for foods go but service is okay.. I felt that we been ignored because the way we dress.  We dressed very casual since we only  going to be Vegas for one day on 8 days bus tour to Yellowstone. I wanted my family to enjoyed some good foods since we haven't for last 6 days. So I made reservation thru open table 3 hours before.. which I glad I did.. I could see there was long wait. I can't remember exactly what I order but I know it goods.  I would go back there if I am in town
4	went there Dec 2011 and enjoyed a pretty good old fashioned french cuisineservice was fineprices were decentquality was right
3	We heard great things about Mon Ami Gabi, so we decided to try it for dinner. They gave is complimentary fresh warm baguette with room temp butter. Pretty good, we asked for a second loaf. We started with appetizers and ordered the Escargots. Omg, they were so good. The garlic herb butter that the escargots was seasoned with were amazing. The snails were juicy and very tasty. We all loved it so much we ordered another two... And used up all the complimentary bread by soaking up the delicious garlic herb butter! I ordered the mushroom soup and the hanger steak. Both were just OK. The soup was really bland, had no flavor at all. Hanger steak was alright, also lacked flavor. I think most people rave about their breakfast/brunch menu, so I'll probably have to come back to give Mon Ami Gabi another try for breakfast... That's if I can wake up early enough.. Saying noone sleeps earlier than 4am when in Vegas!
4	They take no reservations for outside. Depending on the time of day or evening the wait could be as long as 90 minutes, sometimes more.Here is my secret. After you give your name at the front, go directly out back were is another bar. Usually standing room only but the people watching is great. You will notice some of the asst. managers walking around in suits...Let him or her know that you have made a reservation and slip them a nice gratuity saying you would be very happy if they could help you..It has been done for years and it still works. It's not a guarantee but I have been pleased with the results.Outside is great, very crowded, close sitting...but some of the best people watching in the city.
4	Entering Paris hotel and casino? Immediately turn left and you'll find this little gem that is great for brunch! Sit out on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountain show rather than sitting indoors (which is pretty dim). If you are here before 11AM, the fountain show is only once or twice an hour, so be warned.They have juicy mimosas and bloody marys accented nicely with particularly fresh celeries, but their bloody marys look watery rather than the thick consistency you would expect from the tomato liquor. Anyhow, sweet and salty cravings can be satisfied here with their perfectly done eggs any way you like them (omelettes, poached, eggs benedict--yum!) or delectable french toast. The french toast...it is a beauty, crunchy outside and stretchy/fluffy inside with blueberries dancing atop. The blueberry syrup is not syrup at all, but a puree. Make sure the bite you take with your fork has a good proportion of toast, powdered sugar, whipped cream, blueberries, and blueberry syrup.
5	Mon Ami Gabi has got it all... Location, Ambiance, and Delicious Food.  This is our go to restaurant in Vegas mostly because they have THE BEST FILET THAT LIFE HAS TO OFFER.  It's cooked perfectly every time, the sauce is amazing, and it comes with a side of "you think there's a lot, but somehow you're gonna put them all away" pommes frite.  And while you wait for your amazing piece of beef, you can enjoy delicious French bread, some nice wine, the Bellagio fountain view, and hopefully you will be wise enough to order the French Onion Soup as well.  I don't know what took me so long to write this review, but after coming back this past weekend, I knew it was time.  I probably should have written it 3 years ago when we had our wedding dinner here for 70 guests and it was flawless.  Every single entree came out perfectly, the servers didn't miss a beat, and everyone truly enjoyed themselves.  To quote one of my guests, "This steak is so good, I would snort it if I could."  The planning process for our wedding event was also handled fantastically by the coordinators and they were so accommodating to the OCD, nutty bride that I had briefly become.P.s. It's good for breakfast and lunch too!
4	If you've ever wanted to try escargo, this is a great place to do it! The other food is good too, & it's fun to sit out on the terrace and people watch (since it's on the strip).
5	Very Impressed!!!
2	Amazing view to Bellagio fountain show if you seat outside, the service ok but the food...tho not horrible tasting, steak is pretty awesome BUT both times I ate there I ended up in the hospital...yeah! Intense so when I was forced to go there again for a third time and refused to eat anything my friend who did eat the same awesome steak ended up in the hospital...what's wrong w their food?!!
4	Stopped in here for some cocktails and apps yesterday. This place has a great location next to the Paris hotel. There is lots of outdoor seating as well. I had a couple of the French martinis, which were very tasty without skimping on the booze. They provide a complimentary baguette with butter and an apple flavored cole slaw. It sounds weird but the butter and slaw combination is actually very delicious! My husband and I also shared a side of frites. The portion size was good and the fries were yummy.
5	We made a reservation here for 2 and from start to finish everything was wonderful!  We got an edge seat right across from the fountain, so we got to see 3 fountain shows during dinner.  The waitstaff was kind enough to take photos for us with the fountain in the back.  The waitstaff work really well as a team so you are always attended to.  Katrina was our waitress.... super service and very knowledgable of the wine list.  My husband and I would come here again.  Portions are adequate.... not too big so you can actually finish your meal but not small so that you would leave hungry.  Excellent value.
4	What an adorable place for a lunch or brunch! If your timing is good or if you're willing to wait, the patio is the perfect place to enjoy your meal. Unfortunately, the patio was closed for a private event when I was there. My family and I stopped by for a Sunday lunch/brunch. Their menu has a good variety of items so everyone should be able to find something they want. That morning, the warm chicken and brie sandwich was calling my name and I had to answer. I loved my sandwich! It was warm and creamy from the brie, sweet from the caramelized onions, and a bit tart from the green apples. I think I may have to re-create this combination at home! Accompanying my sandwich was a cone full of their fries. I'm not sure if I'd call them fries though. They were flat and wider than other fries which made them crispy in some places. It was more of a cross between a fry and a chip, a "frip" if you will. I also sampled the croque monsieur and the chicken and mushroom crepe from my family members. Both were tasty as well! My one complaint is that the butter that came with our demi baguette was cold. Why was it cold? The bread wasn't warm so the cold butter didn't make sense. For a nice restaurant on the Vegas strip, the prices seemed pretty reasonable. The space was a bit cramped though. Be prepared to potentially bump elbows with the person at the next table.
5	Great restaurant... A friend recommended this restaurant to me and I was not led astray! I ordered the duck confit, the special of the night (medallions wrapped in bacon) and a Shirley Temple! Duck confit was amazing the best I've had! The bar was great, the bartender never let my drink get low and the view was awesome! I sat at the bar and had a great view of the Bellagio fountain show!
5	One of my very favorite restaurants!  I will drive down to The Strip just to go and sit on the patio and watch the fountains at Bellagio.  Its a quaint bistro type french restaurant.  The food is fantastic too and well priced.  The Bloody Mary Buffet is the best ever with about 20 items including beef jerky!  Well worth the trip.
4	Looking for a great place to eat with a nice view that won't cost you an arm and a leg?  This is definitely a great place. We booked through OpenTable a week in advance and were seated right away. Though we weren't seated on the patio, we still had a fairly good view of the Bellagio fountains. The food was good also. Steak, escargot, fries, bread, wine all for about $125.This is Vegas... Do not try to walk in on Friday night without reservations.
4	Always have good experiences here!
5	By far one of my favorite restaurants, in Las Vegas and overall. I ate at Mon Ami before I started Yelping, and I realized I never left them my review. I miss this place, be sure to stop in for brunch or a nice dinner when you're aain town.The duck confit is simply divine. If you're in the mood for soup, everything is absolutely delicious. My personal favorites are the obvious, French onion, and potato leek. The potato leek soup is smooth, and a perfect blend of flavors. Any of their sandwiches are a good choice, beef dip and another with chicken and caramelized onions were both super delish. If you're in the mood for brunch, I highly recommend their waffles or an eggs Benedict (crab is yummers). They had an awesome bloody mary bar the last time I stopped in...take advantage if you enjoy them.The service has always been wonderful. On nice days there is an outdoor patio, but the inside ambiance is also enjoyable. Dimly lit, pretty romantic. If you are undecided or have no clue about the menu, the servers here will help you find something. They always have made recommendations to me, even on the wine. Worth a visit, I recommend this restaurant to anyone in Vegas!
4	We went on a Saturday morning, 1030ish. We really wanted to sit in the patio so we chose to wait. They quoted 45 minutes but it ended up only being about a 25 minute wait. And, it was worth it! The view was incredible & the people watching was even better. We had a great view of Jungle Josh -magician, comedian, hot mess, etc. rofl. It was pretty hilarious. The food was good, eggs Benedict for me & corned beef hash for my friend. We both enjoyed the experience. We attempted to go back again Sunday morning but the patio was closed for a private party. I would definitely recommend this place based on the view itself. They were swamped with people so the service wasn't the best but it was ok. I definitely plan to go back.
4	Awesome European style cafe on the Vegas Strip. Had dinner and wine with my wife at a street side table while in Vegas for a trade show.  Watched the Bellagio fountains 5 times during dinner which added to the exceptional dining experience.  Add Mon Ami Gabi to your dining plans when in Vegas.
4	I have been there for breakfast, nice view of the strip and fountains of bellagio, romantic seating , food is ok not the best i ever had, good service. they are always busy
5	Had lunch here today with a couple friends. Was nice out so we sat outside at the bar and were attentively taken care of by a guy named Robert, who was fantastic! Had a few appetizers and a sandwich. I had the endive and Roquefort salad along with a warm goat cheese dip with toasted bread. Both were amazing. The people I was with had french martinis which were terrific as they were recommended by Robert. We ended with profiterouls and a chocolate pecan bar and an espresso martini. Everything was great. Thanks for a nice lunch.
5	This was one of the best meals I have ever had, hands down. And now I will be returning every time I go to Vegas!I made reservations for a birthday dinner by the front windows. When we arrived for our reservation, the hostess said we would have to wait 15-20 minutes for the window. SO worth the wait. We played on the slot machines right in front until the buzzer went off only 2 minutes later. Our hostess was so friendly and we got a full conversation in by the time we were seated. That never happens! She was also able to give us a gluten free menu for one of the members of the group. We were promptly given warm french bread in a cute baguette holder and the server gave the friend gluten free bread without even asking! That is a perfect way to get customers to return! For an appetizer we got the baked goat cheese with tomato sauce and garlic bread. We should have ordered these individually because it was heaven on a plate. Everything about this dish had me wanting more.For steak frites (what else would you order), I got the Bordelaise with wine sauce and onions cooked medium-rare. This was a large, tender piece of meat with a pile of fries and plenty of caramelized onions. They really get their portions right! My friends got the Bernaise steak frites and that sauce was pretty spectacular as well. For dessert, we got the profiteroles and I am convinced they imported them straight from France. Again, amazing. I highly recommend! Only weird thing about the meal was that they did nothing for the friends birthday, so I am assuming there was a lack of communication between the hostess and the server.Total was around $60 a person for steak, appetizer, dessert, and split bottle of wine. For Vegas, and how great this meal was, that was a fantastic deal.Oh and while this is all going on, the Bellagio fountains are going off every 15 minutes right in front of us.
1	Uhm, total waste of money. don't listen to all of the hype.. it's a total waste. made reservations 2 weeks in advance and still had to wait at an overcrowded bar for 20 minutes. my girl  friend got the classique steak and eh, it was alright. I got the fish & frites and the local market could do it better.  go eat at Marilyn's cafe instead. so disappointed in Mon Ami Gabi, was really looking forward to a great experience. it's all just a scheme.
4	It's a great place if you can sit outside in good weather.
5	We (my boyfriend and I, both in our 30's from Silicon Valley) stayed at the Bellagio across the street and were not happy with the prices and atmosphere in our hotel. We saw the good reviews for this place and decided to try it. We were not disappointed! We ate here for both dinner (Saturday night) and brunch (Monday morning), both were fantastic, reasonably priced, great service and atmosphere. The food of course was also great.We got a reservation for both times, and we were seated right away. So grateful for this place.
3	Overpriced food, it didn't taste that good. (Maybe because I was hungover) However- the view right in front of Bellagio fountain! That makes up for everything.
5	For brunch, for dinner, for a date, with a group - I always love it here!  Bloody Mary bar at brunch is great.  Always love the quiche.  And the steak frites.  Always one of my favorites on the strip!
2	To me this is just not worth the money given so many other great options on the strip. I have been here 4-5 times since it was one of my GF's favorite restaurants (it is one of the Lettuce Entertain You places if you are a rewards member with them). Most of the time I got Steak Frites. The cut of steak you get is pounded very thin and to my taste always overcooked- despite ordering medium rare it always comes grey throughout, so that is a pretty big deal breaker. The fries themselves are ok, they are the very thin style, and you do get an insane amount of them. The steak, however, should be the star of this meal and it just isn't.The one time I didn't get steak I got  a scallop entree and this was much better than the steak- the scallops were seared well and came with a nice sauce- if you go I would highly recommend this over the steak. Some random other items I have hadFrench Onion soup- this is ok but honestly if you are accustomed to french onion soup at a steakhouse you probably won't like it- it is much more subtle than what we have come to expect from the dish in AmericaEscargots- very good but VERY garlic tasting, hopefully if you are getting this you aren't on a date.Duck Confit- This was pretty clumsily done and dissapointingWhipped Cauliflower- this is actually pretty good- esp if you are trying to avoid potatoes for health reasons this is the side for youMacaroni Gratin- nothing special, best had elsewhere on the strip Ambiance- Many people like sitting outside as you get a good view of people walking the strip and the Bellagio fountains so if the weather is amenable I would recommend that.
5	This place is awesome!  actually ended up eating dinner here twice on my 3-day trip to Vegas last month. Nothing beats sitting on the patio, overlooking the strip.. Great views & great people-watching! Thoroughly enjoyed a steak frites plate on my first visit.. The strip steak was cooked to perfection and the fries were delicious.  On my second visit I enjoyed Gabi's martini, which was terrific. The highlight of all my time at Mon Ami Gabi? The baked goat cheese! Absolutely, hands-down the best dish out there. The flatbread, the sauce, and the cheese make the perfect combo. Only wish it was served with more bread!  I also had the caesar salad and an order of 6 oysters on the half shell which were in special that night... Everything was great! A very memorable evening, can't wait to return!
4	Delish food, great atmosphere and lots of fun!  Mon Ami Gabi would be a great place for a first date!!
3	Decent food.  Service is average at best.
5	We had a group of folks who had a reservation here. We were seated quickly on the patio and got some amazing seats. This steakhouse has excellent menu items and I would recommend it to others. I had classic steak which was amazing. The fries are excellent and to top it off the chocolate mousse was yummy.
4	I was waiting for a friend and stopped by for lunch here. Had to wait 40min for an outdoor table but totally worth it to see the bellagio fountains across the street, had the lobster roll on brioche bun, it was the best one I've ever had. Very reasonable drinks and lunch for myself was around $30
5	Oh my heavens... One of my favorite places to eat on the strip! Starting with the atmosphere, Mon Ami is located in Paris and the view across the street of the Bellagio fountains at night really sets the mood right. If it's warmer, I highly recommend sitting outside. The service is always very good and the waitstaff is extremely knowledgable.Now onto what's most important: the food! Beginning with appetizers, the duck confit is to die for! I've had lots of duck in my life, but this is by far some of the best. It's extremely tender and melts in your mouth. Main course: Get the bone-in ribeye!! I have tried a few different steaks here, but this one tops it off! The bone just adds SO much flavor to the already amazingly marbleized piece of steak! It is cooked to perfection every time! And lastly, dessert: the French sure do know what they are doing!! The bananas fosters is DIVINE!! It's the perfect balance of sweetness to top your meal off. An amazing meal with a wonderful wine selection to go with a great view... What more could you ask for?!
4	Our stop everytime we come to Vegas.  Love their filet mignon with merlot butter and hanger steak is delicious too.  This time I tried their beat and goat cheese salad....perfect blend of sweet and salty taste each ingredient all around.  We had a party of four and half our party came late.  They wouldn't seat us until our whole party arrived.  I was worried our reservation would get canceled because they were nearly 30 minutes late past our reservation, but they seated us during prime time.   Thank you once again for a wonderful time.  Until next time.
5	The food is excellent here! The French Onion soup is to die for, the fish and steak is so delicious, French fries yum. Salads are so good. Wanted to stay longer in Vegas so I could eat here more often!
5	I have eaten lunch here on past visits to Vegas but this was my first time having breakfast. It was so good! I had the eggs florentine and I ate every last bit. I probably would have licked the plate if I wasn't in public. Service was great as well.
5	Vegas isn't Vegas if I don't have my Mon Ami Gabi! It's such a great spot for whatever mood you're in and you can't beat the view in the pavillion or on the patio looking out towards the Bellagio Fountain!I've only done brunch here and always, without a doubt order their eggs benedict with tomato and spinach.....love it! If I feel bad, I will order waffles and their muffin! Believe me, I am not pigging out alone on those carbs!Mon Ami Gabi's service is always on cue and I haven't experienced bad service.  The service is attentative, water is always filled, and we get seated in little to no time! I recently tried the bellini and it was quite refreshing, I will be ordering that again. I always tell myself to explore their menu, but my heart goes to the benies! So maybe one day when I feel like eating out of the box, I will try something different.
5	I was staying at the Paris Hotel with my mom and we didn't want to walk too far for dinner, so we decided to try Mon Ami Gabi.  The entire experience was  incredible!  I had the seared scallops and they were cooked to perfection, the service was great, and so was the ambiance.  Afterwards we went over to The Bellagio to watch the water show.  Overall great experience without having to battle the crowds on the strip.
4	Looking for something different went down the strip to find something new and happened upon this place.  Figured I would give it a shot and try it.They got me in very quickly ( party of 1 so not much wait) and was seated.  Started with a nice glass of red wine and they brought out warm bread and a carrot salad.  Normally I'm not find of carrots but this changed my mind, it was great in the bread.I ordered the salmon and it was one of the best cooked pieces of salmon I have had.  Many places overcook the salmon but this was done just right. The menu had a good mix of steaks, fish, and chicken offerings so there should be something for everybody.   Moderately priced for Vegas so it was a great value.  Definitely will be one of my stops next time I'm in Vegas.
5	One of the best restaurants in town for a first date.  It doesn't wreck your wallet, but the service and quality of food is stellar.  It's got a great view, and the menu just feels fancy.  If you are struggling with ideas on where to eat, make this place a top 5 choice.
5	Best bread in the world, better than Paris itself.Yummy steak, good frites, and how can you go wrong people watching and a front row view of the Bellagio fountains?!
5	Very delicious breakfast. The food quality is great, location is prime and comparably reasonable prices!
5	I love this place!  It is one of my favorites restaurants in Las Vegas.  Food and Wine are always great.  Whether we get fish or steak it is always done to perfection. . .Try the awsome merlot butter with your fillet.  YUM  YUM.   The view of the Bellagio fountains just ads to the experience.
4	The food was of excellent quality, but sometimes lacked a little forethought. My daily special tuna was encrusted with way too much pepper. However, they have an excellent wine selection and fabulous waitstaff.
4	This is a place to go to enjoy one of the few sidewalk dining options in Vegas that isn't trashy and for a target audience that is a lot younger and rowdier than my demographic. The food is good, the service was generally attentive, and it is a good spot to enjoy the Strip view. Considering the number of meals they serve on a busy weekend afternoon, it is better than one would expect. We went with a friend that is a highly regarded French chef. He could tell where they cut some culinary corners, but at the same time, given how many people they serve on a peak day he was impressed with how well they do what they do. Given the number of covers, it's not going to be perfect, but it is good for where it is and the size of the crowd on a nice, sunny Saturday afternoon.The wait staff was pleasant and generally attentive. Given that it's Vegas and everything is a show, it was amusing that our French accented waiter was in fact just adding to the allure. If you speak French, don't assume the waiter does...
4	I came here with a friend after we saw the Celine Dion concert. We had reservations for 10:30 and they seated us immediately. We ordered the Warm Brie for an appetizer and it was delicious. Both of us ordered steak. It was cooked well and had surprisingly large portions compared to the small amount of brie we got as an appetizer. We sat close to the patio and the experience of being able to watch the Bellagio fountains while we ate made it a fun experience! Don't miss out on dessert! We tried the white chocolate bread pudding and it was to die for.
4	Taking price into consideration, the food here is nothing exceptional...greasy French bistro stuff. But the view from the patio is exceptional for people-watching! It faces right out onto the Vegas Strip, so you'll get an eyeful of the wacky passers-by and street freaks, with the occasional spouting of the Bellagio fountains across the street to liven things up.If there are no seats available on the patio, however...no dice. The food isn't worth coming here without the view.
5	Fab meal as per usual.  Dover sole was divine.  Our waiter, Dean, was a genuine treat.  Love the St Germaine cocktail carafes.  The check in process is goofy with folks without resos clogging the line for those with resos.  But, the desk is usually efficient.  The prices are in line. The food is consistently good. Patio seating is highly coveted and hard to secure. Only disappointment is that they took the salted caramel ice cream off the dessert menu so I couldn't request it with the Bananas Foster Crepes (which still rock with the usual ice cream).
4	Went here for the first time and was very happy with my experience. Servers were great and helpful with the menu and drinks. Quick and friendly service and the food was delicious. The atmosphere was great and we had great seating outside looking at the Bellagio fountains from our table. The pricing was reasonable and wasn't too expensive as other restaurants are in Vegas. Good food, good service, nice strip view outdoor seating. Can't complain.
4	Make reservations on Opentable.com and you'll be happier.  If you're patient, ask to sit outside, or near the patio.  The lighting on the inside is insanely dark, and if you're placed in the corner, you have to use your cell phone light to read the menu.  Some may call it romantic, but I call it a pain in the butt.For their signature steaks, they use their own "cut" of meat.  Whatever cut it is, its pretty tasty and I don't know if its tender because they beat the crap out of it, or tenderize it with seasoning.  I don't ask... I just eat it, hoping its not old meat, that's creatively cooked.Its not the most expensive steak house, but its also not coffee shop cheap.  Dinner for 2 will set you back $70, and unfortunately they don't let you pay with your Total Rewards points.
5	Great restaurant. Good food, awesome atmosphere. You should wait for a outside table, the view of the strip is fabulous. We have been to Vegas twice and to "Mon ami Gabi" as many times.The Filet Mignon will melt in you mouth.The only down side, if you are sitting outside it can be loud, but well worth it.
2	***Mon Ami Gabi is a very popular French brasserie though I found their brunch to be mediocre and disappointing; the restaurant has a great atmosphere and nice service though***Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas' Paris has been around for a long time and it still seems to be as popular as ever.  If you have been to Las Vegas, you have likely walked past this French brasserie; it is the one with the big outdoor patio just outside the Paris hotel that looks like either a great spot or a very hot place to have brunch or lunch.  Mon Ami Gabi is from famous Chicago chef Jean Joho, who also runs Paris' fine dining restaurant The Eiffel Tower Restaurant and Chicago's Everest.While I was not a fan of The Eiffel Tower Restaurant, I was looking forward to trying Mon Ami Gabi.  This French brasserie seemed like a good choice for a delicious but not too expensive brunch.  I really liked the look.  The outdoor patio can be nice during some parts of the year and the restaurant also has an indoor-outdoor dining area, which offers a good view and a lot of sunlight but still provides a French bistro-esque room with good tables and a comfortable temperature.Mon Ami Gabi's brunch menu features a mix of breakfast and lunch dishes from Eggs Benedict and omelets to steak frites and sandwiches like the Croque Madame, which I ordered.  Unfortunately, it was not good.  The ham was too thickly cut and quite dry while the toasted bread was dry, hard and way too crunchy.  The cheese did not have that stretchy and melted quality that a good Croque Madame has.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=RSpAHvSIkAL21g6FHhd-Mw#8hc0hKwEWBkyr-oSH8V1dAThe Croque Madame was topped, of course, with a fried egg.  Unfortunately, the fried egg was quite burnt around the edges.  The fries had a thin potato chip-like cut.  They were not super crispy, but I liked the soft insides contrasted against the crispy edges.  Unfortunately, the fries were quite salty.For dessert, I had their profiteroles and this was a much better representation of a classic French dish.  The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.  The chocolate topping was not the traditional thin dark chocolate sauce.  Instead, it was a thick double fudge sauce. While I prefer the more traditional thin bittersweet chocolate sauce, the chocolate combined with the ice cream and pastry to make a satisfying dessert.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=RSpAHvSIkAL21g6FHhd-Mw#3Vy7BG3KJjbNjcREFoUeJQService was good.  My server was very pleasant, polite and attentive.  The food came out at a good pace.Prices were not too bad for their breakfast and brunch options.  Some of their steak dishes seemed pricey, but they were similar to other Las Vegas restaurants though Las Vegas restaurants tend to be very overpriced.Bouchon is Las Vegas' signature French brasserie, but I try to seek out other places.  Bouchon is perfectly fine, but it feels very similar to the Bouchons in Yountville and Beverly Hills (in terms of food, the Yountville location is easily the best of the bunch).  Mon Ami Gabi offers a more unique experience for people on the West Coast (Mon Ami Gabi has several locations in the middle of the country and the East Coast).Unfortunately, the food at Mon Ami Gabi was simply not that good.  While I liked Mon Ami Gabi's service and atmosphere, Bouchon is a much better option if you desire a French brunch (or dinner); it would probably not cost you that much more either.  Comme Ca in The Cosmopolitan would probably also be a better option for French bistro fare than Mon Ami Gabi.Like most Las Vegas hotels and casinos, Paris offers complimentary valet and self parking.
4	Good food decent price! But for some reason French fries isn't that good while the French onion soup is at room temperature and wasn't hot enough.Go for the steak, it's very tender n juicy but the season isn't as impressive. For the price that you are expecting to pay, this supposedly is affordable French food!
4	We have been here several times.  Being that I am gluten free, we jump at the chance to try a restaurant that has a GF menu.  With a great view of the Las Vegas Strip, you have a great atmosphere.  I was pleasantly surprised to see they brought me GF bread to munch on before my meal arrived.  I love the Vegetable Farcis (GF menu) and my husband loves the Salmon entree (also on the GF menu, but he is not GF).  For a taste of a little french flair, be sure to try this eatery.
5	Love going here because it has nice outdoor seating to people watch on the Strip. Tried their seafood platter and it was fantastic. Could have done with a little more crab and lobster than those squishy clams, but we really enjoyed ourselves.
5	I stop in at Mon Ami Gabi every single time I'm in Vegas. There is something about the delicious goat cheese appetizer that keeps bringing me back. Everything from their cuts of meat to burgers to chicken dishes are just mouth watering! And who could forget that view? The service is always friendly and they are quick to communicate... the first time I ate here someone dropped my entree and the manager came out to tell me... Being courteous goes a long way.
4	The sun is getting too intense. Make sure you ask for a seat in the shade or at least an umbrella. Try the Frangria!
5	They have a great selection for Gluten Free options that don't make you weird about eating gluten free!!! Usually I have to stare at the bread basket as others dig in, but they even brought me my very own GFree bread, I was so excited! This is what put them over the top for me.The food is fresh and delicious and I usually take tourists there at least once. You can't beat the view.
4	Great place for a late night meal. Cool atomosphere, plus since its George Wallace's fav, there are some good star sightings to be had here.
2	I was not happy with my meal.... most of my friends weren't either... although gravy was good . Too expensive , expected better , but I love Paris HOTEL :)
5	I had checked previous Yelpers stating how wonderful the food was here. And they were most definitely right.The service was top notch, we got seated almost right away even though the place was packed. Great portions for being French cuisine. The ah loved streak was divine. The peppercorn sauce complemented the steak. The fries were amazing due to the extra crisp texture. Best breakfast I had hands down.Will recommend and will come back soon.
4	Loved this place! Food, service,ambiance etc..A Vegas must!
5	Great place! Have been there once. Their bread and french onion soup was amazing! they also had great seafood.
5	The BEST WAFFLES in the WORLD!  We always look forward to our breakfast at mon ami gabi and can't wait to have their waffles.  We go out to brunches often and tried a lot of waffles, but these are truly amazing: crispy on the outside and flaky on the inside.  We discovered this place for breakfast 5 years ago and now have been coming back every time we're in Vegas.  Try the waffles!  Their benedicts are also great: eggs poached to perfection.
4	I was here for a client lunch and after some confusion when we checked in, we had a good experience.  I had the Classique steak frites and it was really good.  I wished we had been able to sit outside since it was gorgeous but it was packed.
4	This is the third time that I came, so I'm giving a combined review of the restaurant. I tried the warm Brie appetizer, good but not great. The steak is good, but had better elsewhere. Scallop appetizer was something memorable for me. Dessert was nothing memorable. The views are good if u sit at patio. The view itself is worth 5 stars!
4	My friends and I came here after the Rock n Roll marathon, and we were surprised the place still opened late! I am usually not a beef type of girl unless it's shabu or hot pot or something. I'm boring when it comes to steak houses...just give me a filet mignon, and I'll be happy. Like, how can you go wrong with one of the most tender cut of beef, right? But at Mon Ami Gabi, how can you go SO right with it that all other ones you had became eh??  The piece of filet mignon was small (as usual like most other steak houses), but the char on this one was superb. Not to mention the merlot glaze totally compliments it! The frites that come with it filled over 2/3 of the plate, but they shaped a bit flat, but super delicoius and crisp! Dip them in the merlot sauce, and they're still good. The french green beans, as a side, was so buttery! The service was just okay though. The waitress came back occasionally but not noted to details like few of us need our water refill and so forth.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! The steaks are great, but the mussels are amazing. The service is wonderful. They kindly split the bill into 12 separate checks for our large group.
2	As expected was very busy as most places in Vegas are. Came with a party of 7 and had a reservation; wait staff handled it well.Good location on the strip; I would sit outside or on the patio if possible.I tried the onion soup, steak bordelaise and the salmon.First thing I noticed was water stains on the steak knife, after conferring with my party turns out one side of the knife always has water marks.The onion soup itself was a bit runny with a heavy hand on the cheese; the bread in the soup seemed to be in there for days. The steak bordelaise was a bit bland and the cut a bit thin for my taste; the steak merlot on the other hand seemed overly sweet. The fries that came with the steak were oddly not bad. The salmon was pretty bland as well; nothing too special, not terrible either; typical flavoring of pepper salt and lemon.For the price it's a nice ambience in Vegas, but in terms of the food, there are many other options available.
4	The reviews pretty much say it all. The food here was very very good. I ordered the chicken and mushroom crepe. It was hard to make a decision on the menu because all the food sounded so delicious. The crepe was the best I've ever had. The presentation on the plate was amazing and the flavor didn't disappoint. The service here was very good and the servers knew who ordered what without asking. The restaurant is very busy so expect to wait at least 30 minutes for a table. I would have given this place five stars but they had accidentally seated another party at our table which caused quite a bit of confusion and frustration. The food and service after that made up for it and my group had all forgotten the drama after enjoying the delicious food and wonderful ambiance.
3	Remember to make a reservation before coming here and try to request outdoors/patio seating. The table for our party of 7 was ready for us as soon as everyone arrived.The servers were very attentive and our waiter had a great sense of humor. I ordered the merlot steak frites. The red wine sauce was on the sweeter end and the steak wasn't very tender and juicy (despite it being medium rare). However the frites were pretty crispy and went well with the red wine sauce. Most of my friends ordered the steak frites so I didn't get to try a wide variety of items on the menu, which could very well have been more impressive.
4	Things come and go in Vegas, but this one is consistently good.  Lovely ambiance.  Really great food.
4	The food was great and making the reservation was easy! My only complaint was that the tiled floors were so slippery especially when walking in heels!
5	The best coffee! Even my husband agreed and he's not easily impressed by anything. I would have breakfast here everyday if I could. The bananas foster waffles were do die for. I don't like things too sweet so I didn't add any syrup as the foster sauce was sweet enough. Light fluffy waffles with a nice crisp to it. Husband got the pancakes, which aren't pancakes in the American sense of pancakes. But he thought it was ok too. We sat inside right by the windows which look out to the al fresco dining and across from the Bellagio fountains. It does bring me back to that time we spent frequenting those lovely Parisian bistros. Loved it.I would also like to add for any parents traveling with small children. They are very kid friendly, offering a kids menu and crayons and paper for them too. It means so much not to have to sacrifice quality and experience in order to accommodate our little ones. They were so sweet to us.
1	For someone that says they are food allergy friendly they seem to be doing a terrible job. I have a really severe egg allergy and a gluten intolerance. After waiting 30+ minutes for our food it arrived, with bread, and mayonnaise. Seriously?? 2 out of the 3 dishes were just totally wrong. Our server apologized and told us in all of the time he had been there he had never had that problem. I accepted and prepared to wait again. When they brought out our food finally, it was wrong again. My chicken with apples and brie? No brie. Also a giant silver server of mayonnaise, again. At this point I was about to have a full on panic attack. I got about two bites in and realized that my food was cold. Since it was wrong initially I assume it sat in the window while everyones elses was remade. There was no way I was going to be able to comfortably eat this, since they clearly did not take food allergies seriously. They did apologize profusely and took a big chunk of the bill off, but it was the worst restaurant we went to for the 5 days we were in Vegas, we will never be back. I wouldn't leave such a harsh review if they hadn't told us from my initial phone call before our trip, and when we sat down at the table, that they took food allergies seriously and were more than capable of handling it. They need to go back over the system they have in place because it is not working.
5	the food and atmosphere was spectacular!  it was one of the highlights of our trip.  make a reservation thru yelp for inside seating and let them know that you want outdoor seating and they will accommodate with next avail patio table.  loved the lobster roll!
5	Classy yet affordable, Mon Ami Gabi located in the Paris Hotel is an absolute gem.  Ordered the Steak Frites, and I wasn't disappointed.
4	Love love! My brother and I went on a sunny day in Vegas. It's beautiful! Great people watching, and lovely to sit outdoors (I came from freezing NY and he came from Montreal, so the weather was definitely a plus). The food was great, I had a chicken salad, and my brother had the burger. They serve a loaf of bread in the beginning which they don't slice. Found that a little odd.Otherwise the service was quick and polite, and our server doled out tons of recommendations. A must do especially for lunch!
5	We made dinner reservations for the main dining room (since they don't take reservations for the patio). But when we got there, the kind hostess offered us a prime spot in the patio! We had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains throughout the evening and I couldn't have asked for a more romantic setting.The service was excellent. Our server was very friendly and entertaining. He was easy to track down and seemed to always show up when we needed something. I had the classique steak frites and my fiance had the burger (lol). I couldn't stop munching on the frites - they were so good!Overall, a great experience. Perfect spot for date night or people-watching with friends. Can't wait to come back!
4	Great brunch spot! Definitely make a reservation. Highly recommended.
4	Food: 3 stars, Service: 4 stars, Location/atmosphere: 5 starsThis place is where you wanna come for a nice drink and people watching on the patio. Food is way overpriced and nothing special.
3	food was ok. nothing special. just over-priced vegas food. nice if you get a seat on the patio. we were shoved in a corner in the main dining room.
4	I read great things about this restaurant, so I had to try it. I made a reservation on Opentable and was seated upon arrival. The day that I went was raining so seating on the patio was not available. I went during lunch time, so the restaurant wasn't too full.Overall, I had a pleasant time. My waitress was really nice and took care of me since I was eating by myself. I loved the warm french bread. It was too much for me to eat in one sitting, so I took the leftovers back home. I ordered the trout with green beans and almonds. The trout was great and was cooked well. It was a bit strange that the waitress asked if it was okay that the fish has skin. Maybe people don't eat fish with skin on? As for dessert, I had the white chocolate butterscotch bread pudding. It was a recommendation from the waitress, and it was very good. The bread pudding wasn't overly sweet, especially with the butterscotch at the bottom of the bread pudding. I enjoyed it. Take a walk after your meal since you will be stuffed!
5	I had their trout dinner and it was fantastic! Their Frangria (their version of Sangria) is made with rosemary and wasn't to my liking (tasted like pine tree). Their sea scallops were great too! I think it is a little bit on the expensive side for the amount of food that you get, but then again it is in a major casino on the strip. Mon Ami Gabi is a great place, but it doesn't top my go-to restaurant, Maggiano's, which is just down the strip at the Fashion Show Mall.
5	I love this place i've had just about everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.MAKE A RESERVATION!! you will need it. service is amazing - management is always happy to be of service should anything be a little off.but seriously it really is some of the best french influenced food in town. I wish i made it out there more often. but its just kinda crazy to get out there.anyway. go and be merry this place will not disappoint!
5	This is absolutely one of my favorite brunch spots. The ambiance is unquestionably the best part, with a view of the Bellagio fountains and covered patio seating. I love the Escargot and baked Brie to start and usually go into the frisee and bacon salad from there. Ask for Rian to be your server, he's awesome!
4	I have been here on several occasions over the years and it is consistently good, with consistently good service. I love sitting on the patio for weekend brunch! But get there early because everyone else likes that too! You cannot beat it on the strip for eating right on the historic Las Vegas Boulevard.
5	My favorite place to visit on the Las Vegas strip. Perfect to people watch and enjoy the views.
4	Wonderful place to grab lunch! It had a relaxing and comfortable atmosphere and the food was amazing. I got the duck confit which was an appetizer although it was still pretty large. They also have delicious bread in the beginning!
5	Such a nice place to sit outside for lunch. The waiters provide such good service and are there to please you! I had the filet mignon merlot and it was super tender! I tried escargot for the first time here and I loved it! The bread and butter they come out with is soo fresh! Definitely a place ill return to
5	Arrived for dinner  with a party of 16. The waitress was awesome!!! She arrived to the table within a few minutes after we got sat.  I ordered the Filet Mignon Au Poivre, and the Beet & Goat Cheese Salad. The salad needed a little bit more goat cheese & beets and a little less arugula. Filet mignon was good. Bananas Foster was delicious.  Ambiance was nice. The best thing about this place was the service from our waitress/ food runners. All appetizers, salads/soups, entrees delivered in a timely manner. Water glasses (and wine) never reached the half way empty point. 5 stars for the exceptional service which is a biggie for me :)
1	FRAUD ALERT:  The food was fine, however as we received our check our waiter "upsold" us on joining a membership club for diners. Apparently we would receive in the mail a package of coupons and certificates well in excess of the price of the fee to join.  Three months and several aggravating long phone calls later we never received a card in the mail and there are no coupons or benefits as promised.
5	I love this place!!!! It helped that we had arguably the best table for a view of the Bellagio fountains as well as a supposedly French waiter. The setting is absolutely perfect for both people watching and a great view of the city.  We had the bacon and frisee salad upon our waiter's recommendation, and it was delicious. We also had shrimp cocktail and steak frites with merlot butter sauce as well as peppercorn sauce on the side. We decided we liked the peppercorn slightly better, but both were delicious. Our waiter was also a real character and kept us entertained, even bringing us a free dessert at the end.
3	Great atmosphere outside, right across from the Bellagio fountains and great for people watching. My drink of choice was the Frangria! The french twist on Sangria! It wasn't too sweet and not much fruit in the drink itself, except for some orange slices, but it was good. I ordered a second round. Food was ordered. Appetizers included Escargot - it came in a DELICIOUS garlicy sauce perfect for dipping the bread in. Could probably make this a meal with the bread and AMAZING sauce! I tried one of the snails too and it really doesn't taste like anything. But DAAAAAMN, that sauce!!! NOM NOM NOM! I had a Caesar salad and it was nothing to rant and rave about. When it hit the table I was actually rather disappointed with the presentation and how PLAIN it looked. The French Onion soup wasn't too bad, the usual saltiness and nice and cheesy.For my entree I of course had to order the Scallops! I was actually NOT impressed with the scallops at all. I ate two of them and had the rest boxed up. Normally no matter how full I am, I would DEVOUR my scallops. They were just so-so. Not as tender, buttery, awesomely-delicious as ones I've had in the past. Friend ordered the special, Bacon wrapped filet medallions with fingerling potatoes. I like bacon, but I really don't care for bacon wrapped foods. I tried a piece with the bacon on it and wasn't really impressed. Then I tried a piece without the bacon and it tasted a lot better to me. For dessert we ordered the Chocolate Mousse which was OKAY. It came with these little chocolate crunchy balls on top that I didn't care for too much, but the Mousse itself wasn't bad. There was also White Chocolate Bread Pudding which was GOOD! I've had bread pudding before and never really liked it but this one was actually DELISH. I believe my dessert was THE best one out of the three: the Banana's Foster Crepe! So SO good with the caramel, sliced bananas and vanilla ice cream! It was fresh tasting and awesome! NOM NOM!
5	Must try this place for brunch yo!!! Must try: Blueberry French Toast, Banana Foster Waffle, Apple Crepe and the bloody mary bar yo!!
2	Tourist trap with a gluten-free menu - that's how we got reeled in... not worth it.We started with bread/onion soup (regular for me, GF for my husband) - not bad, served piping hot.I had the scallops - served barely warm on a severely hot dish... the scallops were way over-salted and gritty.  My husband had one of the steaks (maybe the hanger..?) which he said was cooked to order and tasty.The service felt really forced and faux-French... felt like they were trying way too hard to give the "experience" of being in Paris without delivering the quality.  I know, it's Vegas...
4	An affordable place that makes you feel special. As a student, Vegas trip usually means cramming as many people into the room as possible, getting drank, fist pumping to the music, and the morning/noon pho as hang over cure. A fancy dinner and show is not in the picture. Most of the places are owned by famous chefs that comes with a hefty price tag that we can't afford. wahhh :(My friend told me about Mon Ami Gabi, and this change my Vegas trip completely. It definitely up my vegas trip class level by a lot without having to spend extra $$$$$. Most of the items on the menu are under $20 and closer to $15, except the steaks.  Thus without having to spend a fortune, you can sit in the patio by the strip and watch the Bellagio water show! I ordered the Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine which was fantastic. I would not make any modification to it. I love the way it is. The friend who recommend this place told me that the escargots were really good. I didn't get to try because I am still on a budget...My roommate and I shared flour-less chocolate cake. My roommate really enjoyed the cake. We cleaned the plate! The cake was topped with some sort of sour cream, which we didn't really care much and wished it was ice cream. To start the meal, they give each table  a loaf of french baguette and butter. If you can't have gluten, you can still have some bread just ask! They even have a gluten-free menu.They do take reservation; however, patio seating is first come first serve basis. The interior design gives a pretty old school classy vibe, so even if you can't get a table outside, it would still be a great experience.
5	Really awesome food and experience.  Had coffee and eggs Benedict for brunch. Coffee was excellent and unlimited refills.  Eggs Benedict were solid, but nothing too exceptional.  Had bites of Cobb salad, which was really good, and the steak and frites are a big winner.  Extensive Bloody Mary bar if you're into it.  Wait staff was friendly and efficient. It's right in the strip, but the food was reasonably priced for the location and quality of the meal.  Will go back and recommend for sure
1	I hope I just came here on an off night, or over 3000 Yelp reviewers have messed-up taste buds.I trotted over here for dinner and had a reservation, so I was seated promptly near the big window with a very pretty view of the Bellagio fountains and the Cosmopolitan. The place was pretty busy and loud, which I liked!Okay. The food here was so underwhelming.. and just plain bad. I am sorry to say. I guess this is better for brunch/lunch and not dinner?Service: Maria was nice and attentive.The bread: Cold, chewy, a bad sign.The wine: We got the Pinot Noir. Which was a bad decision for me because I just don't like alcoholic drinks. My mom was okay with it. It was alcohol-y. UndertOHnes of alcohol and OHvertones of ick. But I am just immature.The appetizer:Escargot: Very meh and unspecial. Where was the flavor?? I felt like I was eating tenderized, flavor-less snails in a soup of sat fats.. which is what that was.The entrees:Seared scallops: Whaaaat?? The heck?? The scallops were sandy to the bite and had this disgusting bitter aftertaste. So disappointing. We had to slice off the tops and bottoms to try to avoid the bitter flavor. The sweet pumpkin cream and mushrooms under the scallops were tasty, though.Steak au Poivre: Long, thin steak served next to a bunch of cut fries. I liked it, but it wasn't anything special! I could have made this meal, maybe even a tastier version of it, with some steaks and potatoes from Costco!Too bad. I was hyped up for this place for reasons that have everything to do with Yelp, but this isn't the first time I have been disappointed by fake French food.Also, I got really sick after eating here and took some CVS antacids. It was not a nice night afterwards. I think this place has a great location and view and potential, but the dinner choices disappointed me! It was so below basic.I recommend looking elsewhere for a dining experience with focus on good food, because this isn't it. Eat somewhere else, even if it takes an extra cab ride.
5	Still consistently really good. Food is the star and ambience is great
3	Came with a party of 5 and sat on the patio watching the fountains at belaggio. Ordered steak chicken and scallops. Scallops were mediocre the steak looked like they had pounded it and it just wasn't very good. After dinner at echo and rig the night before this was a little bit of a let down. Service was the only saving factor from getting only two stars. Our server was great and very attentive without being annoying.
5	I cant sum up how much I like this place...oh wait, yes I can! Amazing, so amazing I ate here 4 times on a 4 day trip! Any breakfast item, any dinner, any wine. You cant go wrong! Please stop in, you wont regret it! French food at its finesr
5	This has always been one of my favorite steak restaurants. Great food, good ambiance, great wine and amazing steaks and fries, and if you were seated on the patio (right on the LVB strip) you are bound to have an amazing time watching people walk by and catch a glimpse of the Bellagio dancing fountains. My parents were in Vegas recently celebrating my mom's bday, and I knew they had dinner reservations at Mon Ami Gabi, so i called MAG and asked if i would be able to buy them a bottle of wine (i live in LA). The lady that helped me, was Nancy M and i believe she was the restaurant manager. Nancy was great, she helped in handling everything for me. She set everything up very nicely, they were moved to the patio after they were initially seated inside, they presented them with the wine and explained that this was from me, they were also given a complimentary bday cake after dinner. Thank you MAG and thank you Nancy for all your help.
5	I really liked this place. They are quite affordable for lunch and have great sandwiches. I had the lobster roll which was really authentic like Boston. I also tried the steak sandwich which was excellent. The meat was so juicy and flavorful and went very well with the creamy horseradish and au jus. I highly recommend this place
3	Not a bad meal, but recommendations from friends had me thinking this would be more of an event.My wife had the mussels and fries, liked the mussels, hated the thin flat fries. I had the pate and the egg salad + salmon sandwich. Pate was pretty good, sandwich was disappointing. It also came with chip-like waffle fries that I didn't like.Also shared a St. Germain drink w/white wine and club soda that was tasty, it appeared to be a standard St. Germain recipe.
3	I came with high expectatio expectations after hearing friends rave about the place.The complimentary apple chutney and crisp baguette was a lovely starter.I got the onion au gratin while my partner got the half roast chicken. The chicken was mouthwateringly moist with a crispy skin. The mashed potato side was creamy and delicious and the accompanying bacon, onion, and mushroom mix was perfectly done as well.But my onion soup was a huge disappointment. The flavor had a bitter aftertaste and the gyuere cheese on top was already sunken into the soup, leaving it a gloppy mess instead of a crisp crust. Definitely not worth $10.Overall, it was a good experience with a wonderful view as well, but skip the onion soup!
5	I loved this place! My husband and I went here on a Saturday night with no reservations and figured we'd have to wait at least an hour as walk-in's... but the host told us we could score an outdoor patio table in 45 minutes. Nice! We took the buzzer and went to play some table games. Our table was actually ready only 25 minutes later. Very nice!We were seated outside on the patio, which had a great view of the Bellagio across the street and the great water shows. Our service was friendly, attentive, and helpful. Our waiter made great recommendations and our waters were refiled regularly. The food was great, and the prices were incredibly reasonable for the quality of the food, and for being on the Strip. I'd highly recommend this as a nice dinner place, and I look forward to dining here again the next time I'm in town!
4	Excellent restaurant.No need for me to add any comments to what's already here
5	Reasons why this place is amazing! 1. Delicious coffee! 2. Fresh bread, butter, and jam if you order a meal that comes with it3. Great prompt service 4. Fresh squeezed oj and apple juice !!! The apple juice is the best I have ever had.5. Eggs are could perfectly 6. Recommendable dishes: omelette and the corned beef hash7. Great sizes for the prices8. Lovely outdoor dining area Basically I am in love with this place and can't wait to return on my next trip!
5	This place is the best place on earth.
5	I love this resturant specially their location and steak burger.
3	Kim made reservations at this place that is located on the front patio of the Las Vegas Strip at the Paris hotel. If you read back to one of my original posts you will see that we ate at a bad sushi place in Vegas... this is the exact same location, just a new restaurant. Let me tell you that the service didn't get much better.  The food was good, but not worth writing home to mom about. The view is awesome.  It is located across the street from the Bellagio fountains (which never seem to be running when I am in Vegas) and you can watch all of the Vegas weirdos walking down the strip.
5	I've been here 3 times now in the last 12 months. Each time Mon Ami Gabi chefs outdid themselves. I've had the oysters, steak, mussels, and the Thursday Lamb Shank special.. everything was delicious! They have a great selection of wines as well as port wines. The service is always spectacular. If you can, request Keith for your waiter, he is a blast! Every time I am in Vegas, this is a must for a night out for me.
4	This is a place that not only serves good food, but also offers one of the best places to watch Vegas. Although they do not take reservations for the patio, we were able to be seated immediately outside with our reservation, even though they were quoting a 60-90 minute wait. The food is always consistent and delicious. You will definitely want to try a variety of appetizers, the onion soup, and the filet.
3	Ordered 3 dishes: blueberry waffle, chicken, Brie and Apple crepe and eggs florentine Benedict. The crepe was great. The waffle was cold and I had to have it sent back. The muffin and the hash brown in the eggs Benedict dish were burnt and crispy. Service is good. Don't think I'll come back though as Vegas has a lot more to offer.
5	My friends and I stopped by for a late lunch.  We only had a few hours before dinner so we weren't super hungry.  I ordered the baked brie (served with roasted garlic and toasted bread), one of my friends ordered the arugula salad with walnuts, grapefruit and goat cheese, and my other friend ordered the smoked salmon (served with bread, capers and creme fraiche).  We ordered a small carafe of a St. Germaine cocktail (it was $12.50 for the carafe and we got about 5 short drinks out of it).  Before our food came out they brought us warm bread with delicious butter, and this grated carrot salad marinated in honey along with other things.  It was delicious! Our food came out shortly after and we loved all three of our dishes.  I forget our servers name but he was super nice and prompt.  I would love to go back to try their entrees.  Our dishes were a little bit pricey but definitely not too bad for being on the strip.
5	Love the salmon entree great steaks too ! Its a nice place to bring out of state guest to watch the water show...
4	Patio is awesome but can get crowded.
3	The line for patio seating was hella long.  We walked right in and were seated in the bright sunny solarium.  Score 1 for me.  Awesome servers here kept our coffee and waters full, brought me my yummy mimosa, and got our orders quickly. Immediate upon sitting they bring you your own crisp baguette with butter.  Absolutely delish.  We both ordered eggs Benedict.  I was impressed with the very crisp English muffin, and while my eggs were ok, my husband complained about the lack of egg whites on his, where they separated from the yolk during poaching.  For the money, I would come back here.
4	Wow so decadent.  The service was attentive and polite.  We ordered an olive plate as well as some goat cheese appetizer and by the time our food came, which included a soup, I'm sad to say I was hardly able to eat it!  Very very good, but choose wisely and don't let your eyes be bigger than your stomach!Generous portions and everything is very rich.  Great wine selection, too.
3	I've eaten here twice and both times were good. Not fantastic though, which makes me think I need to return for the steak frites! The patio is definitely one of the best on the strip. It has some shaded areas but can still get extremely hot.. my butter melted completely just from sitting in the sun! Great people watching.. it's too bad you can't request to be seated there when you make a reservation. I think my favorite item that I've tried is the chicken crepe. The bread and butter is very good.. the little bag makes it feel like a true french baguette!
5	I did my wedding dinner here. All the food and appetizers were phenomenal! The goat cheese sticks and ahi sliders were the bomb.com! I got tons of compliments on the food. The service was also exceptional! Kristina and her crew took care of a party of 60 without a problem! She also let us know when we were at our minimum so we didn't have to overspend and made a vegetarian dish that wasn't on our set menu for a vegan friend! Drew, the coordinator, made the booking process smooth and seamless, which was essential since we were coming in from out of town! Loved this place!!! :)
5	My absolute favorite non-buffet breakfast option on the Strip. This is also my favorite of three Mon Ami Gabi locations we've visited, and it's pretty much the Vegas factor that wins out.You are going to pay more to eat breakfast here than at a buffet - this is true. But this food is memorable. I highly recommend anything Bananas Foster. Doesn't matter if you get the waffles or pancakes, but, I guaranty these are the lightest, crispiest, tastiest waffles you'll ever eat if you so choose. Also, and this is the most important part - the coffee here is beyond reproach. It is so good, I had the server write down the Web site for me so I could order a couple bags. I'm typically not a French roast guy, but this coffee is all kinds of special.Of note - outside dining is walk-up only. Get there early and spend a little time waiting in the casino if you want the beautiful terrace seating. If you want a reservation, you can call, but that's going to get you inside tables only.
5	Made reservation on yelp an hour before I get there, got seated immediately when I get there. I was really happy they led us to the table right by the window which had a GREAT view of the strip when I did not even ask for. Ordered the seafood platter and steak. Both good. Nothing to complain.
5	My wife qnd I had the best dinner in Vegas for a reasonae price. Would return on a heartbeat.
4	After having had the most delicious croissant at Baguette Cafe, the breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi was still great but not extraordinary. I really enjoyed the hashbrown which has just right amount of salty in it. Loved the grapefruit juice!
3	I've dined here before and really appreciate the ambiance.  The outdoor patio is a great place to people watch. The interior screams french bistro. Well, I haven't been to a restaurant in France, so it's just what I would interpret as a french bistro. Overall, I averaged my experience to an A-OK review.Saturday brunch review:Was in town for my friend's bachelorette party and had reservations for 22 people. Yup, you heard me.. 22. Our server kicked butt and was oh so nice. I felt like the wait staff did everything to make us happy. The food was another story. I can't blame one particular person because making food for a large party is tough, but I left a bit disappointed with how much I paid.Steak and eggs: I ordered MR and it came out well done. Thank goodness it wasn't dry and hard. The seasoning made up for it :) The eggs were perfectly scrambled. All in all, the food was only okay flavor wise but it was cold. I think everyone had cold food because again, feeding a large party at once is tough!Frites: Substituted the hash browns for fries because I've had them before and it was good. This time around, they were crispy, yummy, but cold.Bloody Mary Bar: If you like em, they have a little bar where you can garnish it with whatever your heart desires.
4	Mon Ami Gabi was repeatedly mentioned and recommended on my last trip to Vegas, so thought we would try it out. It's more of an Americanized French restaurant, but it's located inside Paris, and opens until very late at night, perfect for a Vegas stay!We went for a very late dinner (because of a very late lunch) before we headed straight to the clubs. Many of us were preparing for an open bar night so we ordered accordingly! I tried the bacon salad and the baked scallop appetizer (not to be confused with the seared scallop entree). The salad was huge and would have been sufficient for lunch. The baked scallops only came with three, but with all the cheese, cream and caramelized onions on it, it was plenty. If you are hungry, I recommend going for the chicken grand mere or one of the steaks. They are huge!I also over indulged on the baguette for the table. Came with butter and some pickled veggies. Overall, great value for money and decent food in Vegas!
5	One of our favorite restaurants in all of LV!  Escargot done right, salads, bread, steaks, seafood and perfect service.  Can we bring it home?  Keep doing what you are doing!  Fabulous!
4	This French restaurant was very cute and had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountain. I'd definitely come again and would recommend. Decor:Very cute and I loved that they had an outdoor patio area as well as a covered terrace. I would have preferred to sit in the covered terrace but it was such a nice day that we all opted for the outdoor patio. Food:The food was delicious! I absolutely savored my (huge) brie cheese and roasted butternut squash quiche. My friend's seared scallops looked amazing and would have been my entree choice if I wasn't vegetarian!  The freshly baked baguettes were also very good--crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.Service:Pretty good, though they were not completely slammed during the time we went. My only complaint was that they did not allow our group of 5 to sit at a table for 8, but did allow a couple to sit at a table for 6... We ended up moving to a very small table for 4, but it all worked out. Overall:Great place to dine. We didn't get dessert but instead, walked over to Sugar Bakery for some ice cream instead. I'd definitely come again and would plan to try a dessert next time.
3	Dining inside, we found the ambience to be nice, although the restaurant was crowded and bustling. Service was prompt, efficient and professional.  I choose the  Steak Frites, with the New York  strip cut.  The steak was average size and average quality. The potatoes  were like a cross between chips and fries - not in a good way.  My wife ordered the Steak Bernaise, which she enjoyed very much.   Overall, attractive "French" bistro  atmosphere, good service  and decent food .  Not a bad choice.
4	Had reservations for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. Wanted to sit outside but it was an hr wait. We ordered a sangria and a bloody mary. They have a bloody mary bar so you will actually make it yourself. Its unlimited. For the food we ordered the salmon spinach salad, seafood crepe and the french toast topped w blueberries. The salmon was moist and the spinach had a light dressing. It couldve had more flavor but overall it was a nice light meal. My friend had the seafood crepe which had a cheesey creamy filling. It wasnt too heavy. The shrimp was really good. It was separate from the crepe. A good grilled season to it. I believe it was 5 pcs. The french toast came w blueberries and a blueberry syrup. I thought it has a nice crisp outside but was still soft in the inside. It was pretty sweet for me but my friend had no problem fisnishing it. This place is always a good choice.
5	Admittedly, have only eaten here for breakfast/brunch.  But we've had that meal here many, many times (this is one of the "mandatory" stops every time we're in LV).   Staff has always been excellent, the place is very cute (we always try and eat on the patio) and the food delicious.   I *looooove* the skinny pancakes (cinnamon of course) and the Quiche Lorraine.
4	Large portions, quick service.  Food was tasty although not fantastic.  Good selection of wine.
3	Excellent customer service & the patio area is what makes this spot a great restaurant experience. Otherwise what I ate was average tasting & average presentation also. I had the egg white & turkey omelette.
5	Cant beat the view from the patio, BUT get in the shade...MAN OH MAN CAN IT GET HOT!!! i gave you your warning....MAKE SURE TO STAY IN THE SHADE it can be miserable if your not. also if you want to get on the patio, a reservation wont help, you have to go there and let them know and youl be on a waiting list which took us about 30 minutes and they will seat you therethe food is pricey be aware, paying for a good view and better than ave foodthe shrimp was only like 4 or 5 pieces for 17 buvks??? It was good but not worth the priceThe entre was good. But just come here and enjoy a mimosa and enjoy the view in the shade
5	Love the atmosphere.  Its best to get their late in the afternoon when the Bellagio fountains go off and stay to watch the sun go down as the lights of The Strip come on.
5	super good first time trying SNIAL!! SOOOO GOOD ! flavors were AMAZING !
4	I came here for a late lunch, and despite very slow service, enjoyed the meal. The outdoor patio was warm and sunny - a rarity for a casino/hotel restaurant here to have a nice patio. The half baguette brought to the table was hot and fresh. The food was very tasty and reasonably portioned. I shared the sandwich of the day with my husband since we weren't too hungry. It was served open-faced (easier to share) with toasted whole-grain bread, thinly spread goat cheese, with a few rounds of roasted eggplant, greens and yellow grape tomatoes all dressed in a vinaigrette. The beer was expensive, as was the food, but that seems to be nearly inescapable here. The menu seemed to have a lot of heavier dishes; surprised not to see a basic salad nicoise on the menu. I hate how expensive simple good food is here in Las Vegas, but this isn't a place where I felt like I wasted my money.
4	You will really feel like you're in Paris here!  The interior of the restaurant is one of my favorites in Vegas.  The glass room is beautiful if you can get a seat outside.  Every meal I've had here has been delicious, and the prices are very reasonable.  The "steak classique" was actually not my favorite, a little tough, but flavor was good.  I have heard the breakfast there is great, but haven't had a chance to get there for it yet.  Overall, a great choice in Vegas.
5	My favorite place in Vegas. Had another wonderful terrace breakfast. Wait for the terrace was 15 minutes. They move the line quickly. Classic eggs benedict were cooked to perfection. Pleased to see a gluten free option. Service was excellent. This restaurant moves with a bustling fluidity of a true french culinary experience. Champagne cocktails were also great.
5	My wife and I were in Las Vegas in April 2014 for a wedding, and had relatively few meals on our own. I'm very glad that a friend had recommended Mon Ami Gabi. Having recently been to France and enjoyed bistro food there, we were pleased to be able to get it much closer to home. From the crisp, delicious baguette and butter provided to start our meal, to the onion soup, pate, roasted brie with honey and hazelnuts, and my open-face salmon / egg salad sandwich, everything was delicious. The frites, probably cut on a mandoline, were really crisp, a perfect fry. Although my friend had recommended that we sit outside (facing the Bellagio fountain), the wait for an outside table was ~45-60 minutes, and we elected to eat inside, which was fine and much quieter than many area restaurants. I would certainly return to Mon Ami Gabi.
5	We had a great anniversary lunch thanks to this wonderful restaurant and Daniel our server was professionally courteous.
5	This place was great,try it all!!
4	The food and experience was much better than I anticipated for a place with a fake Eiffel tower out front.  I've been to Paris several times, and this place actually had some charm and flavors reminiscent of my favorite place on Earth. The decor was lovely with art nouveau touches and bistro style furnishings. They give you fresh baguettes in paper bags like they do in pastisseries...cute. The service was excellent, the garcons dressed for the part. My husband had the bone in rib eye which he pronounced extremely delicious. We also had escargot and it was as good as any I had in France. It's a nice plus that the dining room is across the street from the Bellagio water fountain and show, which you can get a nice view of if seated near the windows.
4	I always pass by this restaurant when I am at the Paris Hotel and Casino and it is always super busy. So, we finally made a reservation and had dinner here one night. Hangar steak with pommes frites - AWESOME! That's the only thing that I ordered.The service was very good.The price was ok around $20-$30 per entree.I'm still thinking about the fries.Great place to pregame before you hit the club's and casino.
2	This was my first time dining here in about 4 years and my hopes were way up. I remember the fish and chips being one of the best things I've had. Since I was back in Vegas with my boyfriend I raved about how much we had to go. Well when I visited last night I was extremely disappointed. The fish was very bland and the chips seemed a little hard and old. I'm not sure what changed over the years but it was not a change for the better. We were seated quickly because we ate inside and the caesar salad and baguette were very good. Thus the 2 stars and not 1. Our bill was $65 for dinner and so not worth it. There are so many better restaurants to spend that kind of money on. I will not be visiting or recommending again.
5	Came here for breakfast based on a recommendation. Amazing!!! I will definitely come back to try the steak at some point, but breakfast is totally, 100% my favorite meal. The corned beef hash is delicious, fresh, made in house, and light. And then - the skinny lemon pancakes. I love lemon flavor, and this was so fresh!! Super thin pancake almost to the point of being a crepe. Fresh marmalade, cream on the side, and a lemon half to juice. The faint bits of added sugar or crystallized lemon gave a glorious crunch to the overall soft texture. Top it all off, It's shaped like a tree star from land before time (good ol childhood memories)!! Love it!!!!
4	What can I contribute that roughly 3,700 Yelpers haven't already communicated about this place... My wife and I came here for breakfast and I was disappointed by the service. I ordered a caramel latte and it had no caramel. I told the waitress and she said she would check. When she back she told me they were out of caramel and offered another beverage, which I replaced with tea. For breakfast I ordered the eggs Benedict special which replaced the Canadian bacon with mushrooms. this was pure perfection... I laid my knife into the egg to watch the yellow gloriousness ooze out and it was perfect. The second offering was over cooked and I was highly disappointed. I told the waitress and she fixed it immediately. The third issue we had was with the coffee service. Twice I had to get up and track down someone to refill my wife's coffee. This place is located perfectly on the strip and has a warm, cozy, and inviting atmosphere. The outside patio is perfect for enjoying your meal. Please note for dinner make a reservation don't try to walk in. I will return to this place in the future.
1	Don't go here for breakfast. Both mine and my husband's food was very greasy, cool, and not very tasty. I usually find it difficult to screw up breakfast, but this place found a way. The service was also slow. The $40 spent on some coffee and a few eggs was the worst $40 I spent in Vegas. I will not be back!!
1	I have never written a bad review for a breakfast place.... EVER!  But I felt compelled after my, I guess we will call it "breakfast." First off, it should be called "break-slow" because service and wait was far too long. Granted, the place was kinda busy but there were many open tables and we were seated immediately. I ordered coffee and waited a long time for "cream." It was really milk in a cup which is ridiculous. A French restaurant uses milk for creamer? I didn't believe it until I drank it straight from the cup... My guess is 1% or skim... Better with Cheerios than coffee. Anyone who takes cream with coffee knows that is a straight up SIN. Next, I should've been forewarned of the food quality when the people next to us sent their food back and complained It was the second day in a row doing so. Much like their complaints, my food was cold and overall inedible. The bacon and hash browns were ok, not too bad but the eggs were completely runny and the toast was hard as a brick. I used the rock frozen butter they gave me and grated it through the bread! Haha, too funny. I stabbed the butter with my knife and it would not go through. Some things you just need to be there to see. So all in all paid way too much for food I could not stomach. Waitress knew I was unhappy but was uncaring. Too bad, I had high hopes... Never again for me, nor will any of my friends once I fill em in...
4	A pleasant dining  experience. My wife took the chicken mouse pate and the scallops whereas I had a Hanger steak with pomme frites. The steak was ok but a bit tough but my wife enjoyed her meal. There is a nice atmosphere for people watching and a view of the Bellagio fountains.
1	The worst dinner. I ordered the skate fish which was ammonia ridden to the point of making me nauseous. The waiter didn't seem surprised when brought to his attention. The manager came over but was not in any way apologetic. Absolutely no concern was shown as she couldn't be bothered by such serious food and health issues. I am thinking should at least bring this to the attention of health department.
4	Made reservations for brunch on a Thursday morning. Just fyi, reservations are only for indoor seating. You have to get there early for the outdoor seating that everyone is talking about otherwise it's a long wait. I got the croissant sandwich, which was nothing to rave about. However, the boyfriend got the corned beef hash which is recommended on yelp, and that was delicious! So, lesson learned. Make sure you order the corned beef hash if you are here for breakfast/brunch!We thought about ordering the steak frites but felt it was a bit too early for steak. However, whenever I'm back in Vegas again I definitely want to try it out!
5	We come here a lot for brunch. French toast is amazing! Always good service, nice atmosphere.
4	Both of us ordered three courses and were very satisfied with the first two courses. The food arrived fast and came out hot. The desserts were the only disappointing part of the evening. They tasted reheated and not made to order. Overall, a solid place that doesn't break the bank.The restaurant is busy and definitely feels like a large restaurant.  The staff does their best to give you individualized attention but the fact is, they want to turn the tables fast.  Don't go excepting a relaxing evening...but then again, a relaxing evening is probably impossible in Vegas.
5	Every month, our team at work plans a team building event for us to get to know one another outside of the office. For the month of March, we wanted to do it big.  We wanted to experience something out of the norm, somewhere that required a dress up opportunity. There were a few options, however, we all ended up deciding on Mon Ami Gabi for our "Fancy Dinner" event. Boy were we excited!When you enter the restaurant, you immediately hit the bar area. Along with the hostess stand, you see a bunch of high top tables and bar seating. The place just exudes a romantic vibe! It's located directly under the Vegas version Eiffel Tower and along the strip sidewalk. The lights in the location are dim and intimate, the white table clothes bring the upscale element. Wine glasses on the table sparkled brightly. Man, we were excited! Our table top was on the south end of the restaurant and the corner windows viewed the sidewalk veranda and the tower base. Our server, although I can't remember her name, was super sweet! She was personable and offered some really great appetizers and drinks. What I really liked about her was her efficiency! We had a 13 person party and she was still on it! Our food came out hot and ready in record time! For our apps, drinks and meals, here's what we had:Chateau Laronde Desormes Bordeaux for $54 a bottle - This wine was on point! It was soft with a sweet finish. Definitely an everyday kind of Bordeaux, something you can drink all the time. This wine went great with my meal!Warm Brie Cheese for $12.95 - Served with black pepper honey, garlic, hazelnuts, croutons and greens. I love brie. This combination was no different. Whole cloves of roasted garlic enhanced the flavor of the cheese very well. Chicken Liver Mousse Pate for $11.95 - First time trying this.  THE BEST THING I HAD THAT NIGHT! Served with burgundy red wine mustard and toast brioche with a garnish of gherkins and olives. The burgundy mustard brought a spicy/tangy element and the mouse was so rich and divine. This is MUST TRY, so delicious!Baked Goat Cheese for $11.95 - Another great dish. Tomato sauce surrounded the cheese with herb garlic bread. The cheese was super creamy and went well with the tomato profile. Seafood Platter for $49.95 - What a platter! Stuffed with shrimp, oysters and lobsters, this dish offered a little bit of everything for everyone! There were various dipping sauces and it was all served over ice. Bone in Ribeye for $39.95 - This was my actual dinner. 22oz cut of steak, PERFECTLY cooked to my temperature, served with a bearnaise sauce and their signature hand cut fries. The steak was delicious. The right amount of marbleized meat, perfectly seasoned and packed with flavor and juices. AH-MAZE-ING. The bearnaise sauce was definitely not needed but offered another element. The fries were flat and super crispy. Really helped to break up the meat with a crunchy aspect. What a meal! This place has got to be one of the best upscale restaurants I've tried here in Vegas. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for an amazing date night restaurant, team building dinner joint or event a place that serves THE BEST pate! I will for sure be back, time and time again.  Thank you so much, Mon Ami Gabi, for making this evening one that I'll never forget!
5	Filet mignon was delectable. Wine list was impressive, and our wine choices were delicious. We loved Mon Ami Gabi!
5	Great place to eat on the strip. We had a large party and our server was more than accommodating. The ambiance was quaint and relaxing, a contrast to many other places on the strip which tend to be loud. I ordered a butternut squash salad  which was excellent.
5	Wow, looks gimicky from the outside, but a foodie's paradise on the inside.  The steak and fries best ever had.  Everything was of hardy portions despite it's French influence.  Not too foo foo for your big Amercican apetite, this menu has enough variety to please many people.  Will probably my go to place when I'm hungry, want good food, breath-taking views and reasonable prices!
5	Ate here for our first anniversary. Wanted a place w a patio. They gave us a pager and told us that it would be about 45 mins. So we went and played some slot machines. 15 mins later the pager went off and we were seated on the amazing patio overlooking the strip and Bellagio fountains. We had 3 glasses of wine, a scallop appetizer (amazing!!!), I had filet mignon in a red wine sauce, and my wife had scallops. Absolutely delicious. We said that it was a top 3 meal of all time for us. The total tab was 150 after tip, and we thought that was a great price for all the stuff we ordered. I highly recommend this for dinner while the sun goes down.  Very kind and quick service.
4	It's super easy to make a reservation at this place using Open Table through the Yelp mobile app! (Note that reservations are for indoor seating only, since outdoor seating is still first-come, first-served.) We came in at around 11:30, so there was really no need for reservation, but they still definitely get bonus points.They start you off with a warm baguette and butter, and it's positively delightful. Definitely gave it that Parisian restaurant feel (although in Paris, they don't give you your table bread wrapped in a paper bag stamped with the restaurant logo). The bread had the signature crisp French bread exterior coupled with the pillowy, light interior.They also gave us a small shredded carrot salad appetizer, compliments of the chef. It was nice, but not really anything worth writing home about. It had a nice acidic kick to it, but was still a bit too liquid-y for my liking.We ordered the escargot appetizer, which came heavily sauced in basil butter. The snails were tender (note that they do not serve these in-shell -- most snails don't really come in their shells, anyway -- they're usually re-placed in re-usable shells just for presentation). And the basil butter was so good for dipping, they needed to bring us another loaf of bread. I also got the French onion soup, which was warm, complex and comforting. Great stuff. My boyfriend also got the salmon, which was good, but not really a stand-out. I've had better salmon, that's been better seasoned and with a better exterior texture. For dessert, we also got the profiteroles, which were delightful. The vanilla ice cream, plus the drizzle of really good quality chocolate made it the perfect way to cap off the meal. Add a glass of pinot, and I was set for the night.All in all, this was a great place to grab a bite -- the prices were affordable (considering you're in Vegas), the service was on point, they're open pretty late and the food is delicious.
4	My friend wanted to try this place so we made a reservation. We got there a little before our reservation time but the they seated us right away. They have a nice outdoor sitting area but it was too full so we sat somewhere else inside.. near the outdoor area. My friends got filet mignon and I just got a classic steak with red wine sauce. The sauce is amazing.. The steak was okay, nothing extraordinary. We got a bottle of champagne which was like forty dollars. They had a bar but the cocktail list wasn't on the menu for some reason. The waiter was super friendly.. Over friendly. Oh, and the bread was yummy too. Overall, it was pretty delish!
5	We sat outside on a beautiful Vegas night, it was a bit windy so we didn't get to watch the fountains at Bellagio. The server was very attentive. Our food arrived extremely fast. The filet mignon with Merlot butter was delicious.
5	We made breakfast reservations and were seated inside.  I'm unsure of what it would take to get a coveted patio seat.  I was very happy with our table, as it was away from the crowd and it was a windy day.  The menu is full of Parisian breakfast fare, and it was difficult to decide what to get.  Upon the recommendation from our waitress we ordered the banana, Nutella, and hazelnut crepes to share with the table.  They were phenomenal and perfectly done.  My standard eggs Benedict was savory and delicious.  The coffee was abundant and rich.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and not much was said once we got the food, which is a sign of a great meal.  I will definitely come back again.
2	Food was really good. But the service was really bad   We waited 20minutes at the table before anybody even said anything.  And the person that final said something was a witness that had just got back from lunch and nobody was covering her tables for her. Unfortunately for us we were setting at her table.
5	We went there after our friends wedding for wedding dinner. They sit us right away outside with amazing view of Bellagio Fountains. The food was great. Their steaks are the best!
4	Great location for people watching and the food is awesome.Great variety when it comes to food and drinks. Worth a try.Afordable as well.
4	This place is consistently good every time I visit Las Vegas. Make sure you try the French onion soup.The steaks taste great, especially for the price, and the service is great! Patio seating is first come first serve, but the view is worth the wait! Watching the Bellagio water show while eating dinner makes for a great dining experience. Definitely make time for this place!
4	I've only been here once and I thought it was okay, my husband absolutely loved it though, so it really depends on your taste. The restaurant can be a little pricey but the quality of the food is worth it. The fries are amazing! The restaurant it's self is a little busy, but very distinct in style. Its personally not my type of restaurant/food preference but I would recommend it.
3	I wanted this to be a romantic night overlooking the Bellagio fountains before going to "O" cirque du soleil. My night was foiled by one misstep after another which added up to be a 3 star rating.1. We had to wait 20 minutes after arriving despite coming 5 min early to our reservation.2. We wanted to share a salad "endive and pear" which was delicious, but did not split or give a second plate until we asked.3. I ordered the trout which was overcooked and impossible to cut with the dull butter knives.4. It was overcrowded, extremely loud and not romantic at all.Needless to say we did not get seated outdoors because there was a 2.5 hour wait.The salad was tasty as was the mashed potatoes, but for $100 dollar check I should have received better service.
3	Over rated went there. For breakfast nothing special save a few dollars and go to the regular cafe in Paris for breakfast same type of food but cheaper
5	MON AMI GABI is really what most Vegas restaurants should be -- but are not.1.  Indoors/Outdoors.  They have dark indoors, a big glass room semi-indoors, and an outside patio.2.  In a great spot.  (Under the Eiffel Tower, across from the Bellagio Fountains.)3.  A broad menu.  (Despite being a 'French' restaurant, it's been Americanized enough for any visitor to find something tasty on the menu.)4.  Prices are strip reasonable.  Meaning you're not being r-ped, which more and more is a disturbing trend on the strip.  SIDEBARI get it that some restaurants want to be exclusive and riff-raff free.  That a dashing man and his fabulous babe want to be dressed to the nines... nowhere near the overweight shorts and wifebeater clan clasping four foot tall plastic Eiffel Tower Diabetes Cocktails.   So if such places want to charge $60 a pound for fish (Hello MILOS) you're welcome to do so.However, too much of the strip is joining in this bank account draining pricing scheme.  Places that are inside dim strip hotels, with no view, inconvenient from the street, with limited menus.  If this trend doesn't stop soon... it'll be cheaper to gamble for your dinner at a roulette table.  Seriously ---- may I speak on behalf of all Yelpsters and say WE DON'T GIVE A CREPE IF TABLE GAMBLING IS DOWN IN VEGAS and that can't be used as an excuse to serve $25 hamburgers.   Vegas is supposed to be fun... not a grapefruit enema.END SIDEBARAnyway -- MON AMI GABI still gets that.  The service -- although not really French -- is quite good and the restaurant is more than accommodating.  They did something for us on late afternoon that no restaurant has ever done for me.  I don't want to say it out loud or it might ruin it, but let's say it's akin to offering a Happy Hour hours before the actual Happy Hour starts.  NO ONE DOES STUFF LIKE THIS... but Mon Ami Gabi did.  With zero complaint.  They warned us our food might take a bit longer... but it wasn't any longer than any Vegas lunch.If you want a really romantic meal, this isn't the kind of place to do it unless you get a table on the street and you LOVE noise and crowds.  However, if you like a fun place that takes you out of Vegas while somehow being in the center of it -- give MON AMI GABI a try.
3	The restaurant is lovely.  The food good and our server Maggie was a delight. What almost made it a dreadful event was the rap music placed over the whole restaurant.  So annoying and not conducive to the french refined atmosphere.  This was last Friday.  I tried to get the attention of the hostess at the desk but she was busy and I had to get in the road.   It was not even french rap.
5	The steak tartare is fantastic!  I'd come back to Vegas just to dine here.  Great selection of imported beer and wine as well!
4	LOVE IT!  Possibly one of my favotite lunch places on the strip!  Great location, great food, great service, and great for people watching!  Overall, always a fabulous experience when I dine here!
5	Great breakfast. Good mimosas and bloody marys. The French toast and eggs Benedict with duck was delicious. The ambiance was good too. Sit on the pAtio.
5	I love this place and always come here every time I am in vegas. Mostly for breakfast because I love their quiche Lorraine. The crust is so flaky and good. Service is always good.
4	It is a tradition of a couple of buddies and me to stop by here for a hungover Sunday breakfast.  I love the hamburger with egg and the french onion soup.  Its great to sit on the patio and watch the strip.  Good end to a trip.
1	Don't plan on being treated very well. The hostess staff could care less about you when you arrive. They are just there to have poor attitudes and here cattle. Save yourself the trip and go somewhere else.
3	I came for the lobster sandwich, and it was cool, The rib eye and french fries were probably among my favorites here.  I think you pay for the nice view and ambiance.  This place is always busy, you just have to be careful what you order and also their lunch and dinner menu are different so if you have something in mind you want to eat make sure it is on the menu for when you plan on going.
4	This is a great spot for Vegas breakfast, which occurs around Noon, maybe 1pm. Coffee and some booze, a reasonably priced steak, and some delicious baked cheese.Always a standard for our Vegas trips
2	The food was just ok. The people seemed very a loof and not too professional. I do not even remember what I ate but there was a wait. Nothing special and crowded in.
4	Great food and service, we will be back.
5	Simply delicious. I had the Classique steak and a cocktail, both were absolutely delicious. I tasted some kind of soup (artichoke? asparagus? I can't remember...) from my friend and it was also delicious. The baguette they give you was crispy and chewy and also delicious. Everything was just delicious!In the end I spent about $50 on my meal and was completely stuffed. This is the perfect place to come when you want to be pampered but not spend $100+ per person. Service was absolutely excellent and sitting in the patio on the strip was fun and surprisingly not gross and distracting as I thought it might be.
3	I liked the overall French feel of this place. We sat indoors, I'm sure the experience would have been better on the patio. The food was mediocre. I would go there again to hang out and sip a latte, not for a real meal.
4	I was on the banks of the River Seine on my way to stroll down the Champs de Elysee... (insert needle scratch sound)...I had the butteriest of butters on fresh crackling bread, eggs, date covered bacon, and pommes de terre that were incredible. We had fabulous seating right on the strip and enjoyed people watching.  The waiters are very speedy and constantly in motion to provide service.  I would return again!
4	My boyfriend now husband surprised me and took me here for my 28th birthday.  It was the perfect spot and so romantic especially with the view of Bellagio fountains.  We were seated right away and our waiter promptly took our drink order (he ordered a glass of champagne for both of us) Anyways my boyfriend ordered the steak bordelaise. I tried some and it was cooked to perfection and he devoured the whole thing.  I ordered more on the lighter side (Because he told me we were going eat somewhere else after) so I  just got the roasted root vegetables and the onion soup au gratin.  Both dishes were great.  I loved this place and had a wonderful time.
5	Love the outdoor atmosphere. Price was right, service exceptional and the food tasted fantastic
5	cool love it.
1	Now showing; A complete tourist trap. Oysters tiny, no discount for 1 dozen from 6. Mac and Cheese undercooked no matter how many times you ask for it to be done properly. This is the 2nd time in a row that I have received very poor intimidating "service" Don't mind paying for good food conveniently on the strip. That used to be the case; but not any longer. I + hour wait for patio, 45 minute withou reservation inside. In"N Out has better food and nicer kids.
4	Second visit to this restaurant. First time was with girlfriends, second time was with fiance.  Filet on first visit was out of this world.  Second visit: the duck confit app was divine.  The trout amandine was good but not great, as was the chicken paillard. Try the inexpensive rose wine.  With the duck, we were dying!
5	A huge thank you to Mon Ami Gabi for making our 7 year anniversary perfect!!!!!!This place is hopping, so don't dream about going without a reservation. There's still a line when you have a reservation, and you can't reserve the patio which looks onto the Bellagio fountains. They did a fabulous job of under promising and over delivering. We were 15 min early for our 8:00 reservation. Hostess said they were running 15 minutes behind. We tucked into the back bar, in the solarium (tres romantic!) and found two seats next to each other. Before we had our first sip the buzzer went off and we were whisked to a prime patio seat. The breeze was perfect, the outside temperate even more perfect, and the fountain shows - delightful. I wanted to stay all night!Service was prompt and kind with a smile - plus he had great timing instincts. We asked for a gluten free menu. A baguette was then delivered, and within 40 seconds a second bread delivery was made to my husband: gluten free option!  Can you imagine...just by asking for the GF menu, the waiter knew to order GF bread. What love. I made the mistake of skipping lunch, then being ravenous at 6:00 pm, and then gorging on Garrett's popcorn (cheddar carmel combo). So I wasn't really hungry for dinner.   We decided to order the raw-bar platter for two for $50, cold and refreshing. The best bits of it for me were the prepared lobster and the salmon/avocado tartar.  We joked that we'll never go back to Maine because now that someone has perfectly shelled and chilled our clawed crustacean it will never be the same with bibs. I said no to dessert, and then they brought us a treat for the anny anyway. So delicious, so thoughtful...cut Celine Dion hitting high notes as the water spouts above the skyline.  Perfection. -fin
3	Went here for breakfast but missed it by half an hour. Had to settle for their version of a french dip. Didn't care for it at all. Everyone raved about it on the reviews, but I didn't care for it at all.BREAKFAST IS WAY BETTER!!! THE EGGS BENEDICT IS AMAZING WITH THE CORN BEEF HASH!! BREAKFAST IS 5 STARS!
5	Very good restaurant that has quite a bit of choice and is cheap for las vegas standards. The outside tables are great but know that when making a reservation it is by request only. The restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and I've had dinner and breakfast there and it was excellent both times. It has a good feel and service was excellent as well. Great place for an visitor to dine out even on a budget.
4	Great view.  Don't expect to hear the music much though from the fountain show.Our server was fantastic and made sure that our meal was quick and yummy so we didn't miss our show.We got the goat cheese to start with and it was served with toasted garlic bread (Get this!) and I had the fish and fries and the BF had the steak. I don't think that the food was a 5 star so that's why it's a 4.  The service was fantastic though. I can see why it's popular!
4	Amazing crepes!  I had the ham and cheese crepe and it was sooo good.  Very rich and very filling.  They also have great salads and steak.  This is a go to place for me to take my clients each year for the various conferences that bring me to vegas.
4	Great breakfast made better by sitting outside.  Ate there 3 days in a row and did not have a bad experience.  Didn't eat at any other time, but was impressed enough by breakfast that I would imagine other meals would be great.  We had the 3 eggs scrambled, the ham and cheese omelet, croissants, the skinny pankcakes, french toast, bacon, and blueberry waffles.  I'd recommend them all - bacon is fabulous.  We should've stayed another day to try the eggs benedict.
5	Came here on Sunday with my friends for brunch to celebrate my bachelorette party and it was great! The service was fantastic and our waiter suggested the baked goat cheese for an appetizer and it was to die for! All of our food was fantastic and the experience overall was lovely.
4	Not as expensive as you'd think, especially for lunch.
4	Yummy as always.  Diego from the var knows how to make my favorite cocktail, the Derby (with Bookers).Escargot good as always and the goat cheese is so incredible creamy and delicious.  Wow!I did ask for "Spanish Anchovies" ( white) on my salad, but got Chilean (brown) instead.  Big difference!  Please learn.Otherwise, an amazing grastronomical experience.Our waiter is amazing!
4	Great breakfast!  They even offer a gluten free eggs Benedict.  Fairly priced for Vegas.  Make sure you get a reservation.
1	I have had a few meals at Mon Ami Gabi and they were not good and way too pricey
5	Ive eatten at every Mon Ami, I love them all.  This is my favorite of the bunch.  We celebrated the Mrs birthday, sat outside for hours eatting and watching the belagio water show.  You've got to request outdoor seating for the free water show.  Escargo app along scallops and oysters for apps.   Bone in rib eye for our meals and sauteed spinach with loads of garlic.   Holler!!!!!    Don't forget to dip your baguettes in the escargo garlic butter.  Tremendous meal.  Incredible service. They sang to my beautiful wife happy birthday and made my sons and friends join in.  Gorgi was our waitress and there is none better.  Every suggestion she offered we took and she was spot on right.  She talked me out of my usual seafood crepe and was I ever glad to try something different.  Love the service.  Love the food. And dessert was bananas fosters crepes.  This is a place you can't just try once. You have to come several times.  Brunch is so so good.  The menu is perfect and then some !!!!
4	I very much enjoyed my experience at Mon Ami Gabi!First off, I have to say it is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas for ambiance alone. The indoor/ outdoor patio has monolithic glass windows adorned with radiant natural light. It is beautiful inside...The French bread is warm, authentic and brought immediately to the table... The restaurant is a bit over priced in my taste, but when you want a lovely place for lunch or brunch, it's worth the higher cost.  I very much enjoyed my French mussels and Belgian beer..  along with some delicious coffee to get the day going... : ) Great for special occasions or bringing your parents.  The indoor/outdoor patio also a nice view of the strip where you can watch all the tourists go by.
4	Fantastic service. Okay portion vs cost. Recommend sitting outside next to Las Vegas blvd. the croissant sandwich was delicious.
3	Food was okay, but too pricey for my like.
3	Food is average but you can't beat the people watching. Make sure you get a table on the patio close to the rail.
4	Had breakfast here.  Great location.  Great, yummy food.  Nice Gluten-free selection.  I would have expected their coffee to be better though.  Great people watching.  You can also see the Bellagio fountains from the patio.  Super friendly service, unlike the real Paris.  Highly recommend.
3	We had a beautiful table across from the Bellagio Fountains.The food was good...but we went specifically for the escargots, and they were small and just so-so.  Otherwise, all was ok....a bit pricey!
5	Food was DELICIOUS! The White Chocolate Bread Pudding was AMAZING! We had an amazing waiter who was ATTENTIVE! View of the Bellagio fountains was AWESOME! Could not have asked for anything more!
4	We were looking for a quick bite to eat before heading home and through some yelping my friends discovered Mon Ami Gabi. We ordered some mimosas to start, they were good but it tasted like there was 0 alcohol in it :/ I ordered the salmon eggs benedict, it was very satisfying~ but nothing I can't find at any brunch spot in la. I tried some of my friends seafood crepe, never tried a seafood crepe but it was pretty good. The food was good, nothing special, it was good to just try. But I do like the ambience and decor of the restaurant. Maybe it's better for dinner than brunch.
5	Always the best service, food, and atmosphere. Period.
5	Great service, got the seafood crepe and a glass of champagne, really love this spot! Beautiful view of the strip.
5	This place is fantastic. The food, the service, the location right in front of the Bellagio fountains. I cannnot reccomend it enough.
4	I enjoyed my breakfast here! Went here for breakfast w/ my mom and GF, and we were VERY PLEASED with the selection. It is on the expensive side for breakfast....yes I know its Vegas. We ended up spending about $80. The location was ideal (at the food of Paris hotel...shocking I know LOL), where we sat was killer....outside....highly recommended for breakfast.Food - I had the Smoke Lox Eggs Benedict.....Delicious!! My mom and GF had the special which was a spinach and tomato eggs benedict, they were signing its praises all day long. Oh also, fun fact....they make their own English Muffins.....need I say more?! We also split the lemon pancake (probably NOT the real name of the dish), and it was very flavorful. Plus the pancake is a crepe style...which only made it that more delicious. On the menu they had a Nutella and Banana pancake...how I couldn't convince my mom and GF to get that I will never know. The coffee was pretty good as well.Staff - Nice, friendly, fast. They were busy and checked in on us every once in awhile. It wasn't the type of place where you need a lot of attention. You just sit back enjoy some coffee, people watch, and have a great breakfast. The staff seemed to understand that which was nice. Ambiance - It really did feel like a Parisian Cafe. The decor was very nice and even the coffee cups gave me the illusion that I actually was sitting at the base of the Eiffel Tower enjoying breakfast.
2	They said there would be a mimosa bar.  There wasn't.
3	The service was great here and it was decent French-esque food. The inside is dark and candlelit. Try to get a patio seat if possible. We weren't able to. First, the good: omg the baked goat cheese. OMG THE GOAT CHEESE. The cheese was warm, soft, and served swimming in tomato sauce. It was served with warm garlic bread, and my biggest joy in life is garlic bread dripping with cheese and delicious sauce. It was a little bit of nirvana for dinner. Unfortunately, it maybe set the bar a little high for the rest of the meal, because it didn't live up to the first course. We also had the warm brie. I love a cheese plate served with hazelnuts, so that was the high point. Unfortunately, the croutons were dry and hard. I ended up skipping the croutons it came with and eating regular bread with it, and enjoyed that more. I had the half portion of mussels and the frites. I didn't love the frites because they were hard and overly crunchy with no real potato in them. I dug around in the basket to see if there were better ones, but nope. All overcooked and shriveled. Even dipped in the broth from my mussels, they were a difficult, flavorless side, and I didn't eat many of them. The mussels themselves were pretty good, and it was served in a basic, lemony wine sauce. Mon Ami Gabi bills itself as a steakhouse, and several people in our party did get steaks and they enjoyed them. I didn't try it, so I can't speak to those, but maybe they're more proficient at their main attraction. We were celebrating a couple of birthdays, so they served Profiteroles with sparkler candles. They were festive, but not incredibly delicious. Then again, I always have high expectations for French pastry, and maybe that's not fair for a place sitting literally in the shadow of a replica Eiffel Tower on the Vegas strip. However, it was pricey enough to expect better food than we got. My advice? Come and gorge on cheese, bread, and wine. Do as the French do and your meal will be more satisfying.
3	I think this place used to be great.  Now, I feel like it's alright.  There's a lot of hype for big pieces of steak which I'm just not that into anymore. My food was undercooked and my mom's was waay to well done. Overall good atmosphere, although they try to maximize their customers and cram everyone into tight spots.
4	Love the excellent French food and great service.
4	Service here is awesome. I had originally made reservations for 8:15 after being told 7:30 was unavailable. We got hungry so I got there at 7 and asked them what the wait time was. The response was 45 minutes to one hour for a party of two. I let them know that that was fine and I had reservations at 8:15, so I would take whichever availability came first. The hostess then said that since I had reservations, they would take me right away because it would be unfair for me to wait. I told her we would be staying at Paris anyway so it really was fine, but she insisted and we didn't wait at all! The waitstaff is also courteous and well-spoken. Food came promptly and warm. I couldn't have asked for better service.Breakfast: Special eggs benedict: consisted of bacon, spinach, and tomatoes with a side of hash browns. I didn't think it was all that special. It was good/okay, but nothing outstanding. The english muffins were very... toasted and a bit difficult to bite into. There was very little spinach and only a small piece of bacon. I think it was one bacon slice for the entire plate. The hollandaise sauce was bland and seemed watered down. The hash browns were good, however it was salted unevenly so we got little pockets of salt here and there.Mushroom omelette with egg whites instead - consisted of mushrooms and brie cheese with hash browns and a slice of toast. Omelettes don't usually wow me since it's such an easy breakfast item to make. They didn't skimp on the brie although the brie wasn't a strong one. It was okay. I did like their bread though.Dinner:Dinner starts out with a warm baguette served with butter and a small pickled shredded root vegetable "salad".  Last year it was carrots, this year it was jicama.Filet mignon merlot - The filet came out really fast this time. I would say our food came out within 15 - 20 minutes of ordering. The filets were ordered medium well and they were cooked perfectly with a nice seared crust. The potatoes came warm and perfectly salted and crisp.Vegetable Farcis (last year) - It was so flavorful and bursting with flavors I didn't feel I was missing out on anything. I hadn't been that excited about vegetables for awhile. I was very impressed with a steakhouse creating such a unique vegetarian dish. It consisted of herbed quinoa on a bed of sauteed tomato/sauce and topped with grilled zucchini, squash, and eggplant. Some of the vegetables had a creamy stuffing that was pretty decadent.Bananas Foster Crepe - The caramel sauce is sweet and nutty with the bananas perfectly sauteed to remain firm, yet have that nice cooked banana flavor. One mistake I find many places make when making bananas foster is overcooking the bananas to mush. I don't think I detected any rum; the caramel is very strong so if there was any rum, maybe it brought out the caramel flavors. The crepe batter they use yields a nice thin, slightly chewy crepe. I'm not one to favor the crispy type crepes so this was perfect. Inside the crepe is vanilla ice cream and on top is a dollop of whipped cream.Star items - filet mignon merlot, bananas foster crepe.
4	We have been to Mon Ami Gabe ' 5 times now.That should say something. The food is above good and the service is always great. See you next year.
5	Really great bistro style place in the Paris Casino.  It's on the medium side of pricey for vegas, but worth it.  We went for brunch after lounging at the pool all morning.  I had the bacon, egg, and cheese crepe and a side of fruit.  My wife had a quiche that was both good and enormous (we probably could have shared it).  My crepe was excellent.  The crepe was light and yummy, and the fillings were savory.  Normally, I don't expect much when I order fruit at a restaurant, but all the fruit were ripe and perfect as well.  (I'm so used to getting rock hard cantaloupe at other places!)  Service was really good too.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly.If you are near Paris, I would definitely recommend this place.  I want to come back and try their steak frites one day.  I would also definitely recommend this restaurant over Ile St. Louis on the other side of the Paris Casino.  The breakfast crepe that I got there was dry and tasteless.
5	Went here for breakfast which was wonderful!  Was a bit disappointed because we had read that it was across from the Bellagio fountains which it was, but they were not on.  That would have been even more incredible, but they don't start until 11am.  We were going to wait for a table outside, but noticed the enclosed patio/bar area was quite lovely and it was a bit windy, so we ate there by a window.  We split the eggs benedict which was on a homemade english muffin that was really good.  We then split the bananas foster waffle which was out of this world awesome!  The crisp waffle with bananas and that incredible warm, bananas foster syrup with the cool homemade whipped cream was beyond words!!!  The only somewhat negative was our waitress was a little snooty... maybe that's the french way, although she wasn't french. Lol!  The other places we had been to in Vegas, the people were so kind and fun, so we had been used to that.  Would highly recommend this place and also the bananas foster waffle, though.  Also, wanted to mention there's a bloody mary bar which we didn't try, but it sounded interesting.
3	I don't know. I would call the place mediocre. Definitely not more than 3 stars. We had to ask 2 times for a straw. Than they told us that the chicken pate was not available. My co worker received the onion soup 10 minutes before my appetizer finally made it. I just was able to speed up enough and finish my last bite before the main course arrived. The fries were way too salty. They waiter never asked how we like the food or if I would like to have another beer. They really try to rush you in order to make place for the next guest. Not a very enjoyable dinner. They won't see me again. There are way better choices around.
4	Since my travel companion and I were the only people dysfunctional enough to be wide awake (and starving) at 7am on the Las Vegas Strip, we decided to take advantage of the situation and have a power-breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi -- a spot that's notorious for endless lines and waits for those foolish enough to show up without a reservation.My instinct was right:  At 7am on Saturday morning, the restaurant was empty, and the two of us had our choice of tables with no need for reservations or waiting.  It also helped that the morning was glorious -- 70F, a gentle breeze, and perfect for leisurely meal on Mon Ami Gabi's sprawling patio, right on the Strip and across from Lake Bellagio.  (Sadly, the fountain show isn't running at 7am, but there's always abundant people-watching.)I'm not a caffeine person, but mornings in Vegas require it.  A pot of black tea for me and endless refills of black coffee for my guest were just what the doctor ordered.The portions at Mon Ami Gabi are behemoth, so we knew that one small plate and one regular plate would be more than enough food.  We started with the fruit salad with brown sugar and yogurt, which was simple but fresh and tasty.  We also shared the turkey and egg white omelet, which is served with toast (+ butter and jam), hash brown, cherry tomatoes, and avocado.  The omelet was certainly pretty to look at, but a bit bland.  It needed pepper, or hot sauce, or something to give it a little kick.The real winner, surprisingly, was the hash brown.  I don't think I've ever had one so crispy and flavorful.  I say this as someone who normally shies away from heavy, carb-laden breakfasts.Service at Mon Ami Gabi is....typical Vegas.  Stiff and not especially friendly.  I don't  expect much else at a restaurant that probably gets zero regulars.That said, I think I know exactly where I'm headed next time I need a tasty, healthy, and relatively affordable breakfast on the Strip!  =)
4	Pleased with gluten-free options.  Four gluten-free dessert choices! Lovely restaurant with nice atmosphere.
5	Loved it! We made a reservation and were seated right away. I love that you enter from the casino but then it's like you're in your own little world. Quiet and cozy, with beautiful decor, you instantly relax - the perfect escape before you head back out into the craziness of Vegas.I ordered probably the best soup I've ever had, a creamy pea and leek special, and our table shared the ricotta and olive tapenade appetizer. I had an endive salad, my friend had the vegetarian dish with goat-cheese stuffed vegetables and her husband had steak. All great.I notice they have a big patio outside, too, which would be a totally different experience and an awesome place to sit during the day for wine and lunch.
5	I Love Love Love Love Love this Place!!!!!In 2007 my Beloved Mom, age 90 and in a wheel chair came for the month of December....I would go to Bellagio and get her the wheel chair from there and then take her across the Blvd to Mon Ami Gabi...we would go almost every evening and sit outside by the Heaters and dine so she could watch the Fountains....her appetite was not that great however when we dined there she was bottomless!!!! We did this for 7 weeks...she Loved it and the Staff there got to know and Love her...They were so kind, Loving and Gracious to her!!!!  Friendly...Patient...She Loved it and I Loved the way they Loved her...People who REALLY CARED about their customers and add to that the BEST FOOD ON THE STRIP!!!!!  Why go any other place...She has passed and I continually go there...I live in Vegas and I take everyone that is visiting there or recommend it to others.....So, If you want GREAT FOOD and a Staff that truly cares about your dining experience PLEASE go there....you will not be disappointed...
4	Went here several times for breakfast during my Vegas stay because the menu is full of amazing foods and I had to come back to try more! Never disappointed. Stayed outside. During my first visit the staff could have been friendlier, but never had that same problem any of the other times I went.
4	I have to knock off a star bc of the wait time for the patio.  We have been here numerous times, and I know the patio doesn't take reservations. But a 1 & 1/2 hour wait at 5:30 is a little crazy.That being said, the food is always amazing! I usually get some sort of steak, and hubby gets either the skate or some sort of braised short ribs.  Never had a bad waiter or bad food here. Bottom line, if you want the patio (and the people watching is second to none), expect a wait. It would be better if they could text you when your table was ready, as the sensors only work a short distance in the casino. But the food is worth the wait
3	Man I really wanted to like this place. It had great reviews but I was pretty disappointed. The ambiance was nice. It mimics a small 1920's Parisian cafe underneath the Eiffel Tower statue at the Paris Hotel. It is crowded and busy inside the restaurant with small tables nestled tightly together. We ordered one of the steak frites and the mussels to share. The mussels came out first and that was amazing. If I only had that dish, I would've given this restaurant 4 stars. But then the steak frites came and the meat was thin, gritty, overdone, tasteless. It was overall inedible and a sad piece for over $40. I would never ever ever get that again. Service was also terrible. The waiter disappeared for long period of time between asking for drinks, taking our order, delivering food and waiting around for the check. We were just about ready to just ditch the place. Probably not gonna try this again.
5	We had a bunch of friends meet at this restaurant to eat. I was really excited to plan a work get together. The place is very elegant with a lot of charm. It is next to the belagio water fountain. I personally had my back to it but that was ok. We all had a good time.Food Many of us had seafood had really had a great experience. The fish was fresh and not overcooked. Some had scallops and was not bad .We did not order drink but I bet it have been greeat. The atmosphere was chic and it could definitely could be a romantic spot. Honestly the food was very reasonable with most dishes 30-$40All the guests were happy .
4	Mon ami Gabi was really pretty good and didn't break the bank. We wanted to grab a quick bite late afternoon so a colleague suggested to stop by here. Fantastic view if the Bellagio fountains from the patio and outside.The ham and cheese crepe was light and perfectly prepared. The hollandaise was great and served to the side of the crepe so as to not smother it. Service was also great but the hostess was a bit snooty.While waiting for a friend I ordered a croissant and cup of coffee. I will say that it was one of the best croissants I have ever had. Crispy, buttery, soft inside and was a perfect match for the French roast.
5	Holey Moley!  Went back a year later.  Thank Mandy for great service (a fifteen year veteran - doesn't look it).  Can't believe I had the same meal again - just felt it - even to the wine and it was wonderful!  Okay - I had a martini this time as well.  I'm afraid to try the one in Reston because I loved my two experiences in Vegas so much.
2	Service was great, outdoor patio ist pretty nice. We had filet mignon which was great and worth 4 stars. Unfortunately my vegetable farcis was not good at all (overcooked, far too many onions and almost no quinoa) and really too expensive ($20) for the poor quality. I would really give 0 stars for the vegetable farcis.
4	The food was great and the server was very friendly and attentive.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a nice little place located right in front of the Bellagio under the eiffel tower.  The interior is decorated with beautiful, dark wood that mimics Parisian cafes.It is perfect for brunch. We went a little before ten and we're thrown off by the huge line in front of the restaurant. But the line moved very fast and in a short minute or two we were at the front. The outside seating was full but they sat us inside right away. The eggs benedict was deliciously crafted.  The muffin was crunchy on the outside, giving the dish an interesting texture. The waffles my sister had were also just as delicious: sweet and decadent!For brunch,  the prices were completely do-able compared to other places in Vegas (40$ breakfast, I think not) and the food/ambiance were very nice!
3	Eating in Vegas can often feel like you are eating at a restaurant in Disneyland; the atmosphere is phony and the food is cranked out like an assembly line to handle the traffic.  Mon Ami Gabi is just like that.  We wanted to treat ourselves to an expensive meal that included excellent steaks.  The restaurant was very crowded on a Saturday night but we didn't have to wait too long for a table.  The place is very well decorated and our waiter was cordial and friendly, though there did not appear to be any attempt to develop a convivial relationship with our table.  He got the order quickly, made it arrive, and delivered a check.  More than satisfactory if I was at a Marie Calendar's, not what I expected when I was spending over $150 for 3 people.We ordered our steaks and settled in since, I assumed, they would take about 15 minutes to be prepared and cooked properly.  They arrived 6 minutes later.  They were thin pieces of meat, so thin that it was impossible to know if mine was medium-rare or well-done.  It seems all they do is have a conveyer belt of steaks that they cook, throw onto a plate, and pour the sauce on top.  We were in and out after about 20 - 25 minutes.If you just want a meal without any fanfare and don't care about service, I'd recommend this place.  But for the price, it really fell flat in providing any kind of upscale service or meals that you will remember.  It's Paris in Disneyland.
3	I wanted to love this place and I was excited to go here because half my group had gone before and they were looking forward to going back. By the end of the meal, there were very mixed reviews.Service: 3.5 stars (found ourselves waiting around a lot for service to show up again)Soup: 4 stars (good, but not standout, carrot soup du jour)Entree: 2.5 stars. I got the scallops and they were so, so salty, the mushrooms were bitter, and the squash puree was overly sweet. Couldn't finish it. I woke up at 5am to swollen fingers and desperate thirst. I had some of my cousin's wafer thin frites, and they were delicious! They get bonus points for having a gluten free menu and serving what we suspect is Udi's GF bread by request (with warm olives!).I won't be back but hopefully this will help you decide if you want to go!
3	I have mixed feelings about Mon Ami Gabi. The food was good but the service was beyond sub-par. I expected a lot better. We walked in for breakfast and were seated after a couple of minutes. We took a table inside to avoid the wait and the decor was nice but it felt cramped. People passing by were constantly bumping my chair. The server came out, brought us our waters and took our orders. Within a reasonable amount of time our food was out and boy was it delicious! I ordered the mushroom and cheese omelette (mushrooms, brie, chives) and my fiance ordered the ham and cheese omelet. We were very pleased with our meals, but that first glass of water that was brought out? Yeah that was the only one we got for the duration of our meal. I finished my glass half-way into my meal and kept expecting the guy filling waters to stop at our table. However, I watched him THREE times as he picked up a water pitcher, walked past our table, looked right at my empty glass and proceeded to give water to another table. And then he would walk back by our table to put the pitcher down. And repeat. THREE times, within about 10 minutes. And those were just the times I saw him do it. I tried motioning to him a couple of times but it's as if eh were intentionally ignoring us. It was incredibly inconsiderate. Furthermore, the waitress didn't bother to stop by once until she was ready to bring us our checks. At this point I was parched and asked for a water, which we didn't get until after we had paid. The food was good, but if I can't get something as simple as a refill of water and, even worse, feel as if I'm being ignored, I won't go back. Next time I go back to Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi will not be on my list of places to visit. Very poor service.
4	Nice place to take a date at a reasonable price.
5	So good we are here two nights in a row! This restaurant knows how to do it right from service to the food it's superb, especially when you consider the reasonable prices.We wanted to have a romantic dinner but still feel a part of the Vegas vibe and this place doesn't disappoint. Our table was outside in the back corner so it felt like we had the place to ourselves (even though the place is always packed)! Martin took our orders after giving excellent suggestions!The onion soup... Perfect light and flavorful. Entrees of steak Roquefort cooked perfectly. Topped off with dessert it was a wonderful night. Martin made sure everything came out perfectly timed and cooked to order.Best part of the evening getting to watch all of the people walking the strip and the view of the Bellagio fountains.If you want a romantic evening with great food and service without paying the Eiffle Tower prices this is your place! Will definitely be back.
5	There's a reason Mon Ami Gabi has over 3800 reviews and averages four stars. It really is that good. Definitely a worthwhile destination if you're looking for an excellent dinner on the Strip.Service is impeccable, especially if you're lucky enough to be seated in Michelle's section. She took excellent care of our large party of twelve, answering numerous menu questions, accommodating my gluten free needs, and keeping the food and drinks flowing freely throughout the evening. While my dining companions raved about the filet mignon with merlot butter, I opted to try their oysters, flown in fresh from the Pacific Northwest and served with both the traditional cocktail sauce and a great mignonette. These beauties were pristine little taste sensations of the sea. Once I offered to share with my colleagues, it became apparent we would need more. Michelle, once again, to the rescue!Mon Ami Gabi earned its fifth star by serving me fresh-from-the-oven gluten free bread, which I enjoyed along with the superb chicken liver pate. So traditionally French, and so amazingly delicious. (Don't worry, for  non-GF patrons, you get the normal, gluten-filled crusty baguettes.)
4	Two Las Vegas regulars recommended this place to my friends and I when we asked for a cute place to have lunch where we could sit outside.  Well, we put our name on the list to sit outside and the wait wasn't that long... but when we go to the table, boy oh boy, were we outside!  Smack in the Las Vegas heat and sun.  Strangely every other table was under an umbrella, except ours.  We couldn't do it.  So we asked to be moved inside.  Luckily, they had an indoor patio, which was still nice.  They were very accommodating, our server was a sweet lady.  She took excellent care of us!   We of course started with a pitcher of FRANgria!  You got that right... Frangria!  It was interesting... had a hint of Rosemary.  And they serve you a loaf of fresh warm french bread for the table.  So good!  We ordered the Brie as an appetizer, that was AMAZING!  Our lunch itself, it was okay.  The Kale salad I got, nothing spectacular, but it wasn't bad.   And the server was so sweet, she heard I was celebrating my bday so she brought out a little cream puff with a candle and had everyone sing for me.  Totally special and sweet!  The location of the restaurant is so nice, right on the strip across the street from the Bellagio fountains.  Right after lunch, we all stood outside and took a selfie in front of the "Eiffel Tower!"  Our little trip to Paris... on a budget of course!!!
5	Wonderful experience!Mon Ami Gabi was the best meal of our entire Las Vegas trip last week!  We were lucky because the morning we went, the temperature was about 70 degrees and made for a perfect day to sit outside and enjoy breakfast and people watching.  I ordered the Bananas Foster Waffle and my wife ordered the Blueberry French Toast.  Both were perfect!  Servers were friendly and attentive.  Couldn't ask for a better way to start the day.
2	We came here for the view of the strip.  The ambiance was cool, very Parisian.  They told us we had a 15-20 minute wait, but our buzzer began buzzing within 5 minutes.  We went to the check in and there were 4 people working the check in counter, and it seemed nobody knew what to do.  They said, oh, two more minutes please.  (Then why did you buzz us?!) Two different people said, "Melissa, party of 4" while we stood directly in front of them and said Melissa, party of 4, yet it took another minute for someone to walk us to our seats outside.  It took some time to get served, and while 3 of us enjoyed our coffee once we ordered, it took at least 10 minutes for our fourth girl to get her cappuccino.  The menus were disgusting, covered in food, and one of the coffee cups had to be returned because it was dirty.  The menu was surprisingly filled with lots of options.  I had the eggs Benedict special which was just okay.  The eggs weren't juicy which is the whole part of eggs Benedict, the yolks were 3/4 of the way cooked.  My friend ordered the nutella waffles and seemed disappointed because the nutella was inside and pretty sparse.  Don't come here for the food, its just okay...come here for the people watching!
5	Some may call this a tourist trap in Vegas, but its reputation is based on merit and not hype! Expect beautiful Parisian decor, an inviting patio perfect for brunch and people watching, friendly staff and an incredible gluten free menu. They have a great selection of brunch cocktails, including a huge variety of champagne. We opted for lunch since it was around 11am. My friend got the Croque-Monsieur with frites and it was a huge, stacked portion covered in creamy bechamel. Yum! She couldn't finish it, so if you have a smaller appetite, consider sharing this rich delight. Each table also gets a freshly made french baguette which came out piping hot. I got the steak frites which was a grilled skirt steak with herb butter. There are multiple steak frites options but due to food allergies, I got the basics. It melted in my mouth and I ate every bite!Food allergy info:Ask for a Gluten Free menu before being seated. They have a ton of options, including gluten free bread (has egg in it), french onion soup (with GF crouton!), the frites are pan fried in canola oil (no soy here! woo!) and plenty of egg dishes that are naturally GF. I let my server know about my allergies and he took care of me. Amazing experience!
3	Good people watching and consistently tasty food; nothing particularly special but they offer a well rounded meal. Average service, bonus points for affordable wine list.
5	Great service, always great food.  Every time we're in Vegas, we go there.
5	Extremely fast service; we got to sit outside right against the rail, and were able to watch the Bellagio fountains several times. Food was excellent, and the pricepoint is nothing to complain about.
4	Had breakfast there once. It was actually pretty good, nice environment.
4	For a restaurant on the strip, it's affordable.  And the steak is really good.  I didn't really want to have to write anything though.  It's good though!
3	Nice views of the Bellagio fountains from the patio if you don't mind looking past all of the Las Vegas Blvd. traffic. Food is okay and service was good. Best thing we had was the shrimp appetizer. All in all we weren't thoroughly impressed but it was an okay spot to go for lunch. I can see how tourists would like this place.
4	I'm not sure who our waitress was, but she was awesome, made the meal that much better! Seafood platter was the main dish, salmon tartar was exceptional. Also I got a ginger vodka cocktail that was AWESOME. No complaints here, French onion soup was good...most are toooo salty --good food, good service, awesome atmosphere!
5	This has been a go to place for my wife and I on our past several trips to Las Vegas. We have yet to make it there for anything but breakfast but reading other reviews it certainly is on my list for the next trip. (Which is coming up soon!)Just after the early risers and before the strip starts to heat up, Mon Ami Gabi is just the perfect spot for breakfast. Sitting on the outdoor patio is just an amazing experience. You can sit in absolute comfort, the sun not at its peak and just enough shade to set the perfect temperature for breakfast. People watching at this time of day and from this wonderful vantage point has always been a highlight for my wife and I. We watch as the street performers start to show up to lay their claim and observe the Vegas newbies (no offense to those that have yet to visit) try to find a place to eat, thinking Mon Ami Gabi is too expensive. We used to think that as well but several trips back we just went for it and gave it a chance. We have never looked back. The service is amazing and you do really feel like you stepped out for a fine supper meal but this is just breakfast, right? Not in the least. The service is superior and the breakfast selections are great. While the food is prepared well, presented nicely and provides just the right start to the day it is the mood and atmosphere that really makes this place special. It may only be for the duration of your meal but for that brief time you are taken away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, transported away from the lights and sounds of the casinos and you are dropped into a calm oasis of fine food and service. Even some of the high end 4 or 5 star restaurants on the strip fail to offer that, failing to shield the diner from the constant reminders of money lost on the slots or providing shade from the neon glow that draws entices us to follow. Yes the patio is on the strip but Mon Ami Gabi allows you to both be on the strip and miles away at the same time. Come for the food but take the time to break away from the pace of Vegas and enjoy this gem.  Reading other reviews it is clear that that there is more to this place than breakfast, so I am going to go back and give it a try, will you?
5	Hands down my favorite view on the strip. The patio offers a superb place to people watch and view the fountains at the Bellagio. The food is traditional French, They do a good job, which is no small task considering how many people they serve in a day. A nice assortment of entrees and a large wine list.
4	This restaurant will make you feel like you're in Par-reeee ;) Directly under the Eiffel Tower and across the street from the Bellagio, this is a must for tourists. I'm all for free shows, the view is AWESOME. My entourage and I sat outside so we got to see the fountain show which was really nice especially when we were stuffing our faces with fancy French food! The free bread was pretty good, haha. Plow through this and ask for more! The service wasn't bad, the nice man serving us had to deal with us changing tables halfway through but he was totally cool about it! This place can get crazy crowded, make a reservation, it'll help! Well actually if you want to sit outside, it all depends on how busy they are. The day we went, I had a reservation but it didn't matter because we wanted to sit outside anyway. Cover your bases to ensure there's a table for your party. I think this was one of those places where I had to give them my credit card number to get a reservation, it's pretty serious haha! Food: I've had better French food in Seattle but I'm giving this place four stars for the experience. We all liked it very much, and despite everyone's different palettes, we were pleased with our dishes. I had the scallops, they were perfectly seared. The butternut squash was savory and complimented the scallops. It was around $25 for the dish, I thought it was fair. I also tried the escargot appetizer. I thought it was too oily, the snails were served in a pan with little circular slots. I think they were drizzled with a little bit of herb oil. I wouldn't order this again, but you can be the judge. The oil just made the snails unappealing, I've had escargot before but served in an actual sauce. I think that's a better way to cook them! Portions were generous. My friend ordered a salad and it was ginormous. All of us could have shared it, it looked good! My other friend ordered a sandwich and it came with a mountain of fries. Definitely a place where you could share if you wanted to! We walked all the way from Monte Carlo so we opted for our own and waddled our way back down the strip.
5	I cannot stop thinking about this place! I fell in love with Mona Mi Gabi! The ambiance of the restaurant is awesome! My eyes are extremely sensitive to sunlight, but here I didn't mind since I was so intrigued by the environment. The view is extremely nice since its across from the belagio and Caesars palace. I took my mother and sister for lunch and it was awesome!!I got the steak and frites (medium) and it was perfectly cooked! We also got the macaroni au gratin which was probably the best mac n cheese I've had. My sister is strict vegetarian. She said quote on quote, "I loved this dish so much that I'll drive here from Summerlin just to eat this." My mother is a big scallop advocate. She loved it as well. She also got the french onion soup which unfortunately she only ate a little bit since she needed something to eat right away -_- Max is bottom line the best server we've ever had! He was extremely polite and overall awesome! He took care of everything we needed. He is extremely aware of all his tables in which it seemed he had quite a few tables, yet he took care of everyone with great hospitality. Max keep up the great work boss!Ill soon be coming back to mona mi and eventually ill be a regular haha. My favorite restaurant yet haha!
4	Amazing place! Great views on the strip if you sit outside. The menu has great choices, don't be afraid to try the Escargot it's one of their signatures and almost every table had ordered it. Martinis do not disappoint. The inside ambiance is great for dates and late dinner. This place was a complete win - can't wait to revisit!
5	I can't say enough about the atmosphere of this place! Sitting on the patio offered us such a unique experience of the Vegas strip. Being able to watch the fountains of Bellagio while eating was sureal.
1	This place was awful!!! We had terrible service by a very unhappy over weight server. I had 4 scallops that were $25 and they were not as fresh as stated. My gf had a dried out choc muffin that not even milk could help the taste.
5	Great food, love the mushroom crepes.  The inside restaurant has a lovely atmosphere.  Dining outside is a perfect people watching experience as you are directly on Las Vegas Blvd, the only problem is in the summer it is so hot outside.
5	Flawless.  Waitstaff extremely helpful for those not familiar with some of the steak entree finishings.  Wide variety wine selection and staff is also well educated in appropriate wine pairings for each particular steak.  I agree with all the reviews that say this is not a true tourist trap.  If you skip this place, you've missed out on near perfection.  I would have rather eaten every dinner here than the two really crappy Mexican places my friends made me eat at.  (ie-don't waste your life on Cabo Wabo).
4	I came here for lunch, and it was very hot. But I sat outside, to enjoy the view. Usually umbrella provides shades, but my table was not covered by umbrella so sun heated up the table and my dishwares. But it was my choice to sit outside.I ordered seafood platter, sangria, scallop, and salad.The quantity is not huge, but quality is good. Shrimp, lobster, and scallop were memorably delicious.If sun does not attack you... Sit outside. I loved the ambience more than the food.
5	Breakfast here was amazing.  The view across to Bellagio and the fountains is very cool, and the food was amazing.  I had the apple and cinnamon crepes and my wife had eggs benedict.  It was all we could do not to walk over there every morning for breakfast while in Vegas.Also, get the cappuccino in a bowl.  It's huge and it's amazing.
5	Incredible. Amazing. Eat there, dammit! My review is based off of my visits circa 2008 in preparation for my Vegas wedding. The food was delicious (especially the creme brluee), the view is spectacular (you're looking right at the Bellagio fountains), and the ambiance is great. Yeah, it's pricey, but is is worth it.
4	Lovely nook in the Parisian hotel. The outdoor patio was quite nice, with French music in the background.We had breakfast there on our last day in Vegas. The service was alright. But the food was quite good. I had the bacon cheese and egg crepe ($15), Could have used some nice garnishing/spices, but did not disappoint.Hubby had the corned beef egg Benny ($15) really liked the rustic bread and strawberry jam. House blend Coffee was $4 per person, which appears standard on the stripOverall, a very good experience on the Strip on the warm weekday morning
5	This is a must for brunch it's sooooo good. I think this place definitely does its diligence for a quaint brunch or a delightful dinner. I will absolutely return and I can't wait.
5	Came here with my cousins! Definitely worth it!!
4	I really like this place.  The service is excellent.  We had a delay and the waiter was incredible.  The food is very good, not great but very good.  You patio is always good because you get to people watch and the Bellagio water show.  You should definitely go with the steaks but the ladies liked the fish a lot too.
5	Hands down the best seafood platter in the world!!!!Came here on Monday late morning and did not have to wait at all! The waitress led us to the sunroom which has an amazingly nice view of the Bellagio and its water show!We ordered the Seafood Platter, worrying that it might not be enough for both of us.It came with one Maine lobster, shrimp, salmon tartare, baguette chips, oyster, and three types of sauce (the mustard sauce was the best). Oh god, it was delicious! We ended up eating all of it and walked away with a big smile:)Highly recommend this restaurant, and of course, their ***Seafood Platter***!!!
5	Long wait for the patio, but totally worth it! We were seated in about 45 mins on a busy Saturday afternoon right next to the busy street. The chairs and table gave a Parisian feel but the loud Vegas tourists (I'm one myself) made me remember I am still in the US. Service was extremely good and my waterGlass or alFood : we ordered the seafood tower cause I love seafood . The seafood was tasty and fresh on the tower. My favorite turned out to be the salmon ceviche, it had avocado and sesame oil. We also ordered The crab cake, I would skip this , had very minimal lump crab and too much breading for me.
4	I really enjoyed my breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi. Yes, it is overpriced, but it's Vegas so it's to be expected. The eggs benedict were a solid 4 and the date glazed bacon was incredible. However, the service was horrid. Our waitress was just plain mean. Not rude, but mean. I even saw her scolding the bus boy for doing something that wasn't to her liking. Not appropriate in front of customers. Other than that, I would definitely return on another trip to Vegas.
5	The food I had here was absolutely delicious. Lemon skinny pancake and quiche Lorraine. I expected the quiche to be either a slice or a small whole quiche but it was quite large and came with a lovely little green salad. We sat on the indoor patio and didn't have to wait at all on Sunday at 10:30. The service was nice (though a bit slow) and so was the view.
5	The prices are good, oysters are fabulous, and they are EXTREMELY gluten-friendly.  They even give you gluten free bread while you wait for your meal.  Fries, steaks, seems like everything on the menu either is gluten free or can be made gluten free.  Even the ketchup.  I ordered a steak and it was absolutely mouth-watering.  I am planning on flying back up here JUST for dinner. Service was outstanding as well!
4	This place is a great location with a nice patio. The food is great quality for a good price. We went there for lunch and had the mushroom soup and baked brie for starters that were both outstanding. I had the quiche lorraine as my main course. It wasn't my favorite but still good quality. If I were to go again I would likely order a crepe as that looked very good, especially the seafood crepe my dad ordered had a large portion of seafood with it and looked great.
3	Tried this restaurant for the first time. Service was okay although we did get a little attitude from the hostess who seated us when we did not like the location she led us to.  She then asked if we had a reservation and we said no.  She then proceeded to guide is to a different table which we liked. Food was okay, nothing too special. I ordered a summer tomato salad which never came. I had the classique steak which was delicious and prepared to my liking. We also started with the chicken liver mousse pate which was also delicous. My partner ordered the beef wellington which had to be sent back because he asked for it to be cooked to medium and it was still red so he sent it back. It came out again to his satisfaction. All in all for me it was a been there done that experience.
4	This place is great.  I've been several times.  It's relatively expensive.  If you are visiting Las Vegas then you should definitely plan on making reservations and sitting on the patio to watch the tourists and if timed correctly, the Bellagio waterfall.  If you do not have reservations, you could be waiting a long time, however I never have waited more than 10 min.I highly recommend the seafood tower.  I cannot recommend the lamb shank.  So make a big deal of it and get a bottle of champagne and live it up cause Mon Ami Gabi is really one of those Vegas things that all must do.
5	All I can say is this...if I was sitting at one of the amazing dinner tables outside and given the choice to either watch the stunningly beautiful water show across the street from Mon Ami Gabi OR close my eyes and eat, I would without hesitation close my eyes and eat. I look forward to the next time I get to go!
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars only because of the goat cheese dip! It was sooo amazing and it might be the only dish and reason why I'd even think about coming back.Hyped up spot so my friends and I decided to come. We ordered .... the trout, daily special lamb burger stuffed with bleu cheese, seafood crepe, lobster roll, onion soup and of course the goat cheese dip.Aside from the goat cheese dip everything else was average and not really much to rave about. The lamb burger had an over easy egg added to it. But to stick my fork into the yolk only to realize it was overcooked was so disappointing! How can you mess up on the egg thooo!?
4	Went here many years ago, sat outside.  Ordered the flank steak with shoe string fries and it was very good.  The people watching and the bellagio fountains across the street make this a wonderful venue.  Pretty good food for a gimmick restaurant, most tourist restaurants are usually under par in the food department.  Would recommend.  A bit pricey, but expected given the location.
5	This place is absolutely delicious!!I wanted to take my parents somewhere nice while we were on vacation and Mon Ami Gabi did not disappoint! Our entire dinner conversation consisted solely of mmmm's, omg's and "you have to try this!" I still think about the steaks and mashed potatoes! My mom was even impressed at how their salad was the best dressed salad she has ever had! This was a wonderful dining experience, and I will certainty return and recommend it to all!
5	God, I love this place. They do no wrong in my eyes. We eat here at least once every time we come to Vegas and I am never disappointed. They go out of their way to offer many gluten free options and even bring out freshly toasted GF bread and butter to your table. The waitstaff is always really friendly, you get seated quickly and the outside patio is the best. Given the price, location, quality of the food and service this place will always be my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Definitely go if you get the chance. You can't go wrong with the steak, salmon or chicken - all fantastic!
5	Excellent service!  We went for dinner last week on a Wednesday evening during our Vegas vacay.  Were told it would be a 45 min wait for two for a table on the patio, but after only 15 min we were seated.  The view of the strip and Bellagio fountains was perfect with our meals.  I had scallops and hubby had roasted chicken.  Both entrees were very good.  Since we were too full from the delicious starter bread, we couldn't try their desserts.  We chose this place with the help of Yelp and were not dissatisfied.
5	As a Las Vegas resident i was lucky enough to eat here a dozen times. Ive taken few dates here and even took my mom for mothers day. Food is always delicious service is quick and pleasant. Prices are just right for gourmet food (especially during happy hour)! I always get patio table because i can watch the fountain show. Defiantly would rate it as one of my top choices for eating out with style. I recommend this pace to everyone including YOU!
5	AMAZING!! And one of the first place on the strip that fully accommodates gluten free! First the bring out GF bread (which is amazing in itself, one of the best gf breads i have ever tasted) then they have a separate menu that has a good range of options and even 3 gf desserts! They even mark the meals with a allergy toothpick. I had the skate meal and was delicious...mum Try get in early for a seat outside, it's truly worth it, a view of the Bellagio fountain at night is beautiful. Our waiter was Jonathan and he was beyond amazing, he made the experience so much more enjoyable, we was very knowledgable about everything on the menu. And was patient with us as we took a lot of time to decided! Great good for a great price! Would go back in a heartbeat and would recommend it to everyone!
5	Our favorite place to eat!  Breakfast, brunch or dinner!  Best view on the strip and you will be facing the Bellagio fountain show AND be underneath the "Eiffel" Tower.  You have to try their fresh oysters ( I don't usually like fresh oysters, but these were amazing).  Waiters are super good about trying to accommodate your food.  We are trying to go low carb, and they helped keep us on our diet.
2	This is my second time coming here. My first experience was good and everything was yummy, though I came for brunch so maybe its different. This time I came with my family for dinner and the food was mediocre but what really got me was the service, or should I say the server. I felt like she stereotyped us from the moment we sat down. She came by and took our orders, afterwards she never really returned to check up on us. We asked for medium +1 but we received a rare steak, we had to flag her down to get it corrected. At the end of the meal she didn't ask if we wanted dessert or anything but rather just dropped off the check and told us gratuity was already included. I guess for a party of 5 they include gratuity already. I was over this place by then, so we just paid the bill and left. I won't be coming back anymore.
4	The food was delicioussssss!!!! We had a late breakfast and the service was a little slow but the food made up for it!
3	Came here for lunch on a Thursday. Left tipsy but unimpressed.Service was nice and efficient, and we were seated on the patio overlooking the strip pedestrians. We ordered a few dishes to share--the salmon tartare and the steak au pouvre. Also got a carafe of the frangria since I can't resist anything with rosemary in it. The warm bread and salmon tartare with homemade potato chips were probably the highlight of the meal. Although that pickled thing that looks like a miniature watermelon with a long stem and lots of seeds was nasty! What is that thing!? Why do restaurants serve these little devils mixed in with the delicious cornichons?? Gross.The frangria, sadly, left a bit to be desired. Although it was not sickeningly sweet like some sangrias, it also didn't have the depth of flavors that the description led me to believe it would have. I couldn't taste the fruits and definitely could not taste the rosemary--which made me very sad. The steak was also just okay. The cut was so thin that even though we ordered medium rare the only part of the steak that was pink was a 1cm slice toward the middle. I like my steaks juicy and flavorful, and this place, despite all the hype about the steaks, fell short of that cut. Overall it was still a pleasant experience and sitting on the patio watching Vegas life was fun. Just don't expect the best steak of your life, and don't eat those picked-mini-watermelon-w/stems.
5	Ambiance:For patio seating there was no wait before 7pm and we ate here on a Saturday summer night. If you want to impress this is the place to take them. Not only you get the view of the fountain but you get to people watch. Food:Highly recommend the Goat cheese like previous yelps said along with the smoke salmon for appetizers.The steak was average but the French fries were good.We did not try any beverages because of all the fat Tuesdays drinks... Overall the food and the environment along with the service was awesome if your on a budget you can settle with the appetizers.  I plan to return again. Thanks yelpers
3	My take on this place is it generally draws crowd due its perfect location right on the heart of strip. There is nothing out of the ordinary about the food. Although I have to give a lot of credit to our server for trying absolutely hard to accomodate us despite of the big crowd. Came on a Saturday night with friends so obviously having reservation helped. They serve complimentary bread and butter and some kind of salad that I can't exactly remember the ingredients. The serving size was surprisingly bigger than I expected. I had the chicken grandmere with side of mashed potatoes. It was plain roasted chicken, thought it was pretty tasty but a little dry for my tastebuds. My friends devoured the filet mignon, oysters and bone-in ribeye and they seemed to enjoy it. I also had their onion soup with cheese, which I thought was very unique and tasty. For a group of 6, we spent a little over $200. We enjoyed our dinner for the most part.
4	Some long-time friends brought us here for brunch after having raved about it for months, so we certainly had high expectations, and they were definitely met.Aside from the fact that you have to walk into the Paris to get there, the restaurant is delightfully French-y and the service is excellent. The restaurant was super busy that Saturday brunch, but our waitress was on top of everything and very friendly.I had a wonderful quiche Lorraine, which was the whole quiche (!) and clearly cooked to order, which was a nice surprise. A tablemate had a burger, which he said was fantastic, and the wine list was shockingly reasonably priced.The only downside was the overall price of the menu. I get that it's Las Vegas and it's on the Strip, but we had just come Le Diplomate in Washington, DC, which we also think is pricey, and even that seemed comparatively tame in comparison with LV's Strip prices. But hey, it's still cheaper than the flight to France!
5	Always great! On my top 5 in the world list!!
4	The only reason this is not a 5 star is the prices.  Very expensive for breakfast but it was very good. So good we went twice this stay. Service excellent. Seated right away. Served immediately and food was out promptly. Sat outside sling the railing on the street side.  Great location.
5	love this place, good food and nice view
5	Had a beautiful dinner on the patio overlooking the fountain show for my birthday with loved ones.  Each and every part of our experience was fantastic.  This will be one of the best French meals you'll ever have.
1	Wife and I had hors d'oeuvres at the bar. Four hours later we both became violently ill and had to stay the next twenty four hours in our hotel room, making this our worst Vegas trip ever. Mon Ami Gabi=not such a good night. How do you say hell night in French? Enfer nuit? I think a name change is in order. Oh, and your staff is very French too. In attitude.
5	Love this l place! we had the seafood platter, salad and escargo (excuse my spelling) it was just delicious! When I go places one thing I look for in a place is service and he was an absolute delight I would definitely go back if I lived in Vegas.
5	This last trip to Vegas I really wanted to eat at Mon Ami Gabi. Everyone I talked to raved about this place. If you come here early you can get a table outside. Outside is where it's at! You get a nice scenic view of the fountain show at the Bellagio. It's all very romantic.The complimentary baguette is yummy! Our waiter was nice and helpful. The food is really delicious. We ordered the Prime Steak Sandwich and the Lobster Roll. Mmmm so good! I would love to come here again but for dinner to try their steak and the scallops. Maybe even get dessert! Their pommes frites are cute and a must try.
5	Sit out in the patio for the amazing view of the Las Vegas Strip. Anything you eat you will love.
5	Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite spots in Vegas, located in Paris, in the heart of the strip with easy access to the street. staff was very friendly and professional. Went their for Steak dinner which was cooked to perfection and as requested even though our table was huge with 15 people plus. All food came at the same time with the proper temperature. Waiter was attentive and courteous. Again, we hit Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast the next morning, as you know breakfast is very important in Vegas, and this venue is known to be the place for good breakfast and sure it was. Their breakfast menu is extensive with great diverse options. Had a great overall experience and will be looking forward to the next visit soon. The deserve every star.
5	I ate here for breakfast two days in a row. The food was delicious, and they have gluten free options! The staff was knowledgable on how to handle my meal, and served mine differently than everyone else's. The staff was so wonderful - so friendly, helpful and pleasant. Both our waiters on each day were so cheerful and helpful! We sat outside one of the days. In the Vegas heat it was still cool with the shade.
5	Best nice dinner deal in Vegas! Yummy, affordable, and with great portions.
5	Had a great dinner here with friends on Tuesday night. Loved the goat cheese and tomato sauce with baguette - simple and delicious. Hubby had the seafood platter which was very good. I had the sea bass and my girlfriend had the salmon. Both were cooked perfectly and nicely seasoned. The service was great, and the vibe on the patio brought it all together. I only wish we could have tried dessert but we had a show to get to...next time! :)
5	I've tried most of the high-end steakhouses in town and Mon Ami Gabi has best steaks in town.
4	Good food, decent prices for LV. Love the atmosphere and the service -- great job Mon Ami Gabi!
3	Almost 4k reviews with an average of 4 stars?!! I was excited to try a few dishes here to say the least. We ordered Smoke salmon egg Benedict, blueberry pancakes and cheese omelet, everything was OK but not what I was expecting from a 4k reviews, 4 stars restaurant. I had smoked salmon Benedict which was a little too runny for my taste, salmon was too little and hollandaise sauce was almost non existent. Not sure if I'll give it another shot.
2	The food isn't terrible, but it is seriously mediocre. The gimmick here are the steak-frites which were nothing special and severely overpriced. The prices for the other cuts of steak are more reasonable. Tables are rushed to be turned quickly, wine selection is poor for being the purported best French restaurant in Vegas, and the atmosphere is very loud. Credit where it is due, the chilled seafood platter and desserts we had were very nice.
4	I ate here a couple of times for breakfast on vacation and really liked  it both times. The interior is a lot like  an off-the-center of the city Parisian bistro. I have no way of knowing that, of course, since I've never been to France, but trust me. I'm right on the money with this. It's got a really nice inside part. And the outside part is awfully nice if it's not 110 degrees out.     The food is exceptional and reasonable for the Strip. I had the smoked salmon eggs benedict and they were freakin' awesome. The homemade engrish muff, the hollandaise, hell, even the hash browns were spot on and don't usually like hash browns. Good! Throw in a mimosa and you've got yerself a nice breakfast.      The other time I had muesli with fresh berries. Again, really good.    I've seen a few refer to this as a tourist trap, but I didn't get that vibe at all. Give it a shot.
5	Husband ordered corned beef hash with quality coffee. I had fruit and croissant. It was cheaper than back home. What a view on the terrace with gorgeous quality food! It was such a romantic spot. This was Father's Day and the support staff were amazing... Clearing plates, refills, and getting to go boxes. Note: my items were cheeper than most to go places and it's way better!
4	Such a neat atmosphere. Lighting is rather dark and I saw many older people asking for flashlights to read the menu. They were very accommodating for my mother who has several food allergies. The bacon dressing was very greasy and became a lardy mess after a few minutes of sitting and cooling.
4	Ate here years ago and had a good experience. Was finally able to go back recently and really enjoyed the food. Make a reservation on Open Table ahead of time to avoid waiting. Their fresh baked bread out of the oven is soooo good. Last time I ate a steak (I remember it being delicious), but this time I opted for their onion soup and frisee kale & warm bacon salad. Both were really delicious - I was especially surprised by the salad... scarfed the whole thing down quickly! At first glance the soup doesn't look cheesy enough, but somehow I never ran out of cheese. The bowl was so huge, I could only finish half. Service was good & food arrived promptly - no complaints!
2	The atmosphere is pretty but the steaks were tough. Service was good. Bread, fries, and salad were good. Too bad the steaks were so disappointing.
5	What a little gem this restaurant is, located in Paris! This is always at the top of our list of places to eat whenever we go to Vegas.  If we don't stay at Paris, this is probably THE only reason we step foot into that hotel. Food is so wonderful, I usually get the Rib-Eye & it is always seasoned and cooked so perfectly!  Price is as good as it gets for the quality of food that you are getting.  Highly recommend this place for a nice and delicious steak dinner!
5	Amazing place and can't beat the service, environment, view, and price. I had an amazing time here on my date. Will define tally be coming back. One if my favorite spots in the strip.
5	I brought my parents here for Easter and we all had the Steak Bearnaise - the portion was huge, service was excellent and we were all very happy!   You need reservations - the place gets packed!   A few weeks ago I brought a friend visiting out of town here. Again, the food was fantastic, but it was packed. Make a reservation!
4	Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorites on the strip. It has a true parisian feel, and a very professional staff. Their food is great, and at good value on the strip, and an extensive wine list. The waiters know the wine as well, so don't be afraid to ask for recomendations. Be sure to make a reservation if you're going for brunch/lunch on the weekend, it's a popular spot.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite places in Vegas. I go there every time I visit. Last visit wasn't as great because the food wasn't as well-prepared as I'm accustomed to there, but maybe it was an off night. That night was also too loud and crowded to hear the music from the Bellagio fountains that I usually enjoy from the outdoor patio area. Regardless, I will be back!The service was great from our Rhode Island born and raised server! :-)
4	Very well done breakfast in an aesthetically pleasing place. I felt like I was in Paris.
5	Did Tao, and Lavo and then Mon Ami Gabi this week. Mon Ami Gabi blew the others away.  The service especially from Carlos And Georgina are out of this world.   The merlot sauce is out of this world.  The only place I always visit when I got to Vegas. Tried to Mousse for the first time... Wow.
5	Great place for a steak. I try to come every visit to vegas and always get the hanger steak. If you don't make dinner reservations, there's usually a wait. I went solo a few days ago and was able to sit at back bar immediately. The steak was delicious as expected and the bartenders were awesome.
5	Steaks were delicious.  Fabulous people watching!  We got to sit with views of the fountains at Bellagio so got to enjoy 2 shows during the course of our dinner.
4	Went for lunch today... 110 degrees outside.... so decided to sit in the conservatory instead of directly on the patio. Still a fabulous view and a few degrees cooler.Lunch was great!Escargot was very nice, and the baguette bread dipped in the pesto garlic butter sauce....YUMMY!!!Lobster Roll and House Special Chicken Sandwich were delicious.Really like this place... nice food, nice ambiance, good service, I recommend giving it a try.
4	Really good food at decent prices (for being on the strip).  Not a traditional steakhouse but just as good as many of them.  Sitting out on the strip is very nice at nighttime.
4	Being an out of towner the dining choices in Vegas is overwhelming, but you probably can't go wrong with Mon Ami Gabi. Met with a friend who lives in Vegas and is a total Vegas insider and he recommended this place and we were not disappointed. Let's start with the awesome setting. You have a front row seat of the Bellagio fountain show if you opt for outdoor seating. Now let's talk about the food. The food was fresh, delicious and well presented. Lastly, the prices were very reasonable and the service was great. I'm really happy I gave this place a try, will come back again when in the area.
5	I made reservations here out of convenience since I was staying at the Paris Hotel, and it definitely did not disappoint. Wait - About 5 minutes on a Saturday night with reservations. There's a separate line that you wait in if you have reservations, but it moves very quickly. I made the reservations only 2 hours before.Service - (4/5)Pretty good. Nothing particularly memorable. Food - (5/5)Excellent! Their freshly made baguette was excellent, and a great starter (not to mention free)! I had their Filet Mignon Au Poivre Steak Frite, which was cooked to perfection at medium rare. At $31.95, it was definitely a good quality steak that was tender all throughout the meat. We also had the Caramelized Sea Scallops and the special Salmon Salad. My only qualm about the scallops is that it was small in portion, and definitely not filling as an entree in itself.Price - $$$ (Including wine)Fairly affordable considering the meal was less than $150 for 4 including three entrees and two glasses of wine.
4	My friend and I, after a long day in conferences were looking to chill, have great food, ambiance etc. Of course after looking at its great reviews, and me being french, I figured why the hell not! I had made a reservation earlier in the day since the night before we swung by and the wait was well over an hour. We arrived right on time. The 2 reasons why I did not give it 5 stars is the following:1- you cannot make a rez on the patio2- the A/C is too high inside! Yes it's scortching hot in vegas right now but food, especially great food, does not like A/C!Our waiter was great, maybe a smidge too "buddy like", but both of us really enjoyed our food, the fact that we could hear each other speaking and the lack of greatly needed sensory overload. After all isn't Las Vegas a luxurious version of ikea, aka the rat trap. Clearly you can tell Vegas is not my scene necessarily but would recommend Mon Ami Gabi to anyone, including the typical french man. So thanks to you yelpers in making what could have been an impossible task in finding good dinning a painless and enjoyable experience. J.
5	My husband and I go here every time we are in Vegas.  The service and food are worth every penny.  We love to sit on the patio, people watch, and watch the Bellagio fountains.  We enjoy the warm Brie as a starter.  The chicken and steak are so tender and flavorful.  I especially love the steak with the blue cheese sauce.  It melts in your mouth.  You don't even need a knife to cut it.  Some say the prices are high but I think the prices match the quality of food you are getting.
4	As a vegas local this is one of the only places ill venture to the strip for to have a meal.  The escargot is here is the only place Ill order it, streaks are great... make sure you sub out the pomme frites if your not a fan, they're not normal "french fries" as the name suggests, but rather wide long potato sections (think pickle shape) so you're not traditional, who cares? Do make sure you ask to be seated on the "outdoor/indoor patio"  you won't be outside per say, but dinning out of the old school dining room without having to see/hear thousands of drunk tourists ruining your dining experience.  its great food without being too uptight.
4	GREAT VIEW. THE BREAD WAS GREAT. Hashbrowns, steak, and eggs were mediocre. We could of gotten something else cheaper and more delicious. We ordered the prime steak and eggs, and it was horrible. The wait was long, and the best part was the toast.We also ordered the steak sandwich with the dip. IT WAS AMAZINGLY delicious. All the juice and onions blended together. I would definitely reccomnend this. I would give this place 3 stars, but the extra star is for the great view. There is also an abundance of staff here. and so if you were to come here I reccomend making a reservation for outside seating.
1	Terrible idea and it was a disappointing meal on the strip I'll never have back.  I don't understand how this place got such good reviews.My girlfriend and I decided to come here last time we were in Vegas.  I had high hopes given the pictures and reviews.  Lighting was on the dark side and environment was loud, if you're into that sort of setting.  The bread was good, and that's a problem if that's the best I can say about the meal.  My girlfriend had the steak frites, which was dry and rough.  I went for my usual order of choice at most restaurants, the bone in rib-eye, medium rare.  It came out looking great, and in hindsight, maybe the dark lighting helped.  It was "quite literally" the worst rib-eye I've ever had.  Either I had a dull steak knife or that was one tough SOB.  Trying to chew through that thing and not being successful confirmed that it was the latter.  I thought maybe it might just be that particular part of the cut and continued.  But time and again, every piece I had just added to the disappointment.  The only beneficiary of this meal?  My dog, who got the bone and leftover.. hopefully he enjoyed it more than I did.Don't see myself coming back here again any time soon.
4	Fantastic oysters! Incredible service! Reasonable prices. Great mushroom soup. My only complaint was that my steak was lacking flavor.
4	I'm not going to tell you anything that the other reviews have said.  Mon Ami is great.  We go there every time we're in Vegas and we've never disappointed.  This time we made reservations on Open Table about an hour prior and got seated at a table just inside of the patio with a great view of the fountains.We ordered brie for an app, we both had steaks for an entree, and chocolate mousse and bread pudding for dessert.  Service was attentive was not overbearing and the food was great.Great prices for the Strip, too.
4	Lordie it was so hot and mother was starved and exhausted from walking.  We stumbled into Mon Ami Gabi not by choice but because someone, I shall not name names, needed to void.  We were lured in with the cool breeze but for some reason I wanted to sit outside.  It was a mistake because it was scorching hot but also a good decision because we got to watch the water show at the Bellagio at least twice during our meal.  I thought the price was surprisingly fair for being a restaurant located on the strip.  We order escargot (favorite), chilled seafood platter, grilled salmon and spinach salad, and of course a glass of wine for me.  The total was slightly north of $100.The escargot was pretty good, it was softer and less chewy than other placed tried.  The seafood platter was amazing, it came with maine lobster, jumbo shrimp, oysters, and salmon tartare.  This dish was shared between three people.  And lastly, we had the grilled salmon salad which was delish.  It had avocado, walnuts, blueberries, and a citrus dressing, so good.I will definitely make a stop the next time I visit Vegas.
4	Great location, fantastic service, amazing bread....the list goes on. The entrees needs little improvement, but can't complain too much!
1	I used to LOVE this place.  As a veggie lover I used to love their vegetable platter which is now off the menu and replaced with some pathetic veggie broth thing that I could easily make (and it taste much better) at home.  If you are vegan or vegetarian just skip it and go to the Wynn or Encore where EVERY SINGLE RESTAURANT has excellent vegan options (many with vegan bread and butter).  Now for those people that don't care about veggies I will say the place has gone downhill in general. Last time we were there they were out of duck (so no duck confit at a french restaurant) and I think all foul for that matter.  We told the server we did not like the new veggie broth dish and did not like whatever my wife order in place of duck and she did not offer to take anything off the bill. It is the only time I have ever tipped just 10% at a fine dining restaurant and I haven't been back since.
2	ehh  overrated!!price was ok, but the food was not. Our steak was really thin and dry. We requested medium-rare but what they gave us was overcooked..other plates didn't have much flavor.. One thing I HATED!!about this place was the menu they handed us.I was sticky, dirty, blurry at some parts... ewwwseriously, they should print new ones and put new covers on it..
5	This place was fantastic.. one of the best meals I've had in Vegas! The place is beautiful with great views of the Bellagio Fountains which was really nice during our meal. The service was top notch from the hostess to the server who helped us. I ordered a lobster roll it was tasty and way more than I could manage to finish. The french onion soup was also quite good (a pretty big bowl too). For desert we had the bananas foster holy cow it was so good but way too big.. more for like 3 people. I will be coming back to this restaurant for sure next time I'm in town. Can't beat awesome service!
4	I live in Las Vegas, and my boyfriend and I LOVE to frequent this restaurant! Great atmosphere, great food, and great people watching!  We enjoy going any afternoon/evening.... we always request to sit on the patio front so that we can have the strip view, and it also gives us the opportunity to see the beautiful Bellagio fountain show as well.... we always have a few beers or glasses of wine while enjoying the Baked Goat Cheese, the Mussels Mariniere and the yummy fresh baked bread!I have always had a great time at this restaurant! The service has been consistently wonderful and charming each time we have been.  Would definitely recommend going for anyone who hasn't been!
5	I am really pleased with this nail salon. They are always very sweet and enthusiastic. Really enjoy this salon and will be a valuable customer.
4	I loved my dinner here!When I found our we were going to Vegas for a work meeting, I did my research to decide where I wanted to eat. Now Vegas has a ton of fantastic restaurants, most of them steak house themed, but I wanted something different. I opted for French. Mon Ami Gabi is located in the Paris resort, tucked away in the front corner. After perusing the menu, I went with the crock of French onion soup, the mussels appetizer ( soak up the sauce with your French bread) and the trout almandine. All of it was fantastic! I was stuffed but still managed to order a slice of strawberry shortcake to go. This too was perfectly baked and had the light texture that SS should have. When back in Vegas, I'll take another trip to Paris and eat at Mon Ami Gabi.
5	We come to Vegas about 4 times a year. Mon Ami Gabi is a staple for us. We make sure to hit it once for breakfast and again for dinner. Food is always outstanding and it's right on the strip. Bonus: Outstanding view of Bellagio fountains
4	Excellent French breakfast on the Strip. I had the Quiche Lorraine with a side of the best strips of bacon I have ever had in my life! My beautiful girlfriend had the waffles and a side of eggs. We paired all this up with coffee and macchiato. Delicious and a great price for the quality and atmosphere. Well done!
3	The atmosphere and service were great. The food was below average.
4	Was a good food, prices are ok for vegas. The server was a bit stressed out, but otherwise overall good experience. I'd recommend to make a reservation.
5	Very great place to have dinner.  Incredible location if your staying near Caesars Palace and Bellagio it's walking distance.   The Tuna Nicoise Salad was awesome.  Tuna was perfect, the salad was a complete meal.  The $10.95 French Onion soup was however not worth the price.   I wish I had saved that room and money for dessert.With reservations, you still need to wait in line to be seated.  And the outside wait was 1.5hrs at 8:00pm.
3	This used to be one of my favorite restaurants for years! Definitely the best french cuisine in Las Vegas but the service is not all there anymore. The hostesses are VERY rude like they are angry to be at work and when we decided to speak to a manager about it he blew us off and was very, very rude to us, kind of like we were bothering him. Don't get me wrong, to date it is my favorite french restaurant in LV but maybe a refresher in customer service would be nice.
5	Similar to other reviewers, we got a good view of the Bellagio fountain from our table. The Hangar Steak and Filet Mignon were great, loved the brie and french onion soup. Obviously, it's a nice french restaurant and the service and food are top notch.  It's a great option for something along the strip. We made reservations via opentable and it was easy and convenient.  Would definitely come back for dinner, as well as lunch, brunch, anything.
5	Audrey Dorenbaum made me feel like I was her only client.  She worked feverishly to sell my home and help me to down size to a smaller home in Summerlin, Nv
5	One of our favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Great view of the Fountains of Bellagio.  Sit outside if you can stand the heat or cold.
5	don't let the tourist location throw you. terrific French food on the strip without the strip prices.
4	Friendly and helpful service. Quality food. Love the fries and French bread with homemade butter.
5	Love love this place!!! My favorite restaurant on the strip!!! Beautiful view of the dazzling Bellagio fountains (if you dine al fresco on their outdoor patio) Incredible ambiance, amazing food, service and wait staff!! The prices are extremely reasonable for a strip restaurant with a prime view!! I highly recommend their scallops, steak frites, and any salmon dish!! Great wine list and desserts!! Good coffee also!! Worth the wait time if you don't have a reservation. Been here numerous times for dinner, but now have to make it a point to come in for breakfast or brunch one of these days. I heard it is fantastic!!
5	Juicy steaks !!!  Love sitting outside in early summer and watching the people.
5	My mom and I made reservations same day got the patio and everything from there was amazing. I got the filet mignon and it was cooked to perfection. even the mashed potatoes were amazing. Of course its vegas and can get pretty crazy during dining hours. But everything was right on time and we in and out. Definitely a place i'll always stop at when in vegas. Our waiter was also helpful and accommodating.
4	We came here during my friend's bach and I was pleasantly surprised.  I've been to France and had great French food and also bad French Food so I wasn't sure where this restaurant would land.I enjoyed the meals here.Baked Goat Cheese -- I'm not a huge fan of goat cheese but this goat cheese was delicious.  Covered with the tomato sauce and dipped with bread completed the flavor profile.Escargot -- The escargot was tender and it was quite delicate but I will never get over eating a snail.  I don't think I'll eat it again, not because it wasn't tasty but because of my reservations.Trout Amandine -- I'm not a fan of cooked fish but this was quite enjoyable.  All in all, the meal here was great.  Not too pricy considering other restaurants
5	This place has everything. Great food, great price, and a great view. I recommend this place as the go to restaurant if you have never been to Vegas before. An added tip is to come early and request a spot outside so you can get a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.
5	I have been coming here for 5 years. and I'm from Vegas. This spot is the best. My favorite restaurant.
4	Absolutely outstanding! When I took my first sip of crisp Sancere to wash down the flakiest French bread, I seriously flashed back to the REAL Paris for a moment. The menu is the ideal sampling of Parisian faves, service is classy (our waiter was even French!!) and everything we ordered was just perfection - scallops, butter-drenched crab cake, fracis with goat cheese & quinoa, I didn't want to leave!!!
3	My boyfriend treated me to a late lunch for my birthday. He wanted something different for me and I was fine with that. I'm rating based on my overall experience here. I'm really not picky about where I sit when I eat but I felt uncomfortable where we were placed. The table seemed right in the middle of an area where all the traffic flowed in. The waitress brought us our drinks (soda) and they turned out to be diet. She gladly exchanged them. For the prices listed in the menu I was expecting a bit more on my plate. I had the caramelized scallops, which came 4 pieces (25 dollars) total along with sliced red bell peppers. It looked as if it was missing something, the plate looked a bit bare to me. So I ordered a side of asparagus. The asparagus didn't come until the end of my meal only after I asked about them. My boyfriend got an amazing steak (27 dollars) made my meal look like a toddler's meal:) My meal, although small in size, was very delicious. I don't see myself ordering that dish in the future. I was expecting more overall and I felt disappointed...but it was my birthday so no complaints allowed at the table. :)
2	Food was great but the service was very bad. We requested to be moved to a better seat since there were a lot of seats available. We were told that they were in a wait which after 45 mins the seats remained vacant. Manager was very arrogant and rude.
5	my favorite breakfast spot on the strip! A perfect view with a perfect breakfast. NOMZ
5	Every time I go to Vegas I have to eat breakfast here, it is my favorite breakfast spot. The food is great and the location can't be beat. Siting outside across from the Bellagio fountains while enjoying a nice breakfast is unbeatable.   The service is fast and prompt and the prices are not bad for Vegas. Is it as cheap as your local breakfast place, no, but it is affordable.
4	Love this place!  It has a great atmosphere, the food is consistently good, if you sit on the patio you can watch the Fountain show of the Bellagio.
4	The service was great. The bread was really good, loved the pickled carrots, the combination was probably my favorite part of the meal. I ordered the Classique steak which was good. The fries are amazing!
4	What a wonderful place for lunch!! I absolutely adore this place. I have only been once, but I plan on going on  a regular basis because the French Onion soup is amazing! I found my tuna salad way too salty, otherwise I would give it 5-stars. The location alone is perfect for a girls-lunch or a fun date. I suggest sitting on the covered patio part where you are out of the direct sunlight but you can still people watch. I did have to wait awhile for my food, so I suggest not going if you are in a rush.
3	OK enough food....on the rather expensive side for the quality and quantity of fare.  It's more of a "food factory" than it is a satisfying overall dining or culinary experience.  Best way to describe this place:  Average Vegas middle of the road strip hotel restaurant food.  As for being French?  Well, it's really in name only and would maybe fool the person who's never left Las Vegas their whole life.  It would be perfect if there were Groupons for this place....25 for 50 or 20 for 40 would help make it worthwhile.
3	This place is super over hyped. I thought it was going to be super French... But the bread was as French as this place got. Came here for brunch and my cousin and I shared the Salmon Eggs Benedict and the Nutella Waffles. Salmon eggs Benedict was good, nothing special. Nutella waffles I wish was oozing out Nutella. It was just minimal. I think I was more in love with their jam! Idk what it was...boysenberry? So good though! The bread was addicting. Service here was nothing special. I felt like we were waiting forever bc we had to remind our server to even bring bread out for us!
2	My GF had Mon Ami Gabi bookmarked; so, during this stop over in LV, we decided to give it a try.  We were looking forward to trying the Beef Wellington, but upon sitting down we soon found out that it is their Sunday special, and since it was Thursday we were SOL on that front.  Ok, no problem.  Surely there is a lot of other good stuff here to eat.  We started looking over the rather brief menu.  We decided to go with a Shrimp Cocktail, the Summer Tomato Salad, and the fish special of the day - Sea Bass.  The Shrimp Cocktail was nothing special and very over-priced: $15 for 5 shrimp on a bed of ice with a very small cocktail sauce container.  The summer tomato salad was even more disappointing: a few slices of tomatoes spread over a plate with a basil leave or two, a few very small pieces of grilled zucchini, and an almost non-existent marinade.  I can make a more impressive looking and tasting tomato salad.  I understand this is a French restaurant, and smaller portions are the nom in Europe.  I have no problem with that provided the quality of the dish makes up for it.  Mon Ami Gabi's did not.  But the real icing on this cake, and the reason for two stars instead of three, was the incredibly lousy service we received from our server, Gabriel.  From the moment we sat down, it was a lot of attitude, and a lot of waiting.  We were planning on trying a desert, but we got tired of waiting for our waiter after we finished eating, and decided to not give Mon Ami Gabi any more of our business.
4	Great breakfast and a perfect view of the Strip.  Get there early or make reservations to get a nice spot outside.
4	Yay me for being review #4000 (I think)!Anyways, my sister, brother-in-law, and I stopped by Mon Ami for a late dinner around 10. Worst part about Vegas is that if it's open, it's busy. The hostess originally told us that they were not accepting walk-ins until 11 but my sister was clever enough to make a reservation through Yelp for 10:30.After losing money at the slot machines, we were seated promptly. Our server was a bit awkward but extremely helpful and courteous. We ordered 2 hanger steaks, 1 mac & cheese, and a kale salad. The hanger steaks were exquisite. They were super tender and the fries were super thin and crispy albeit over salted. The kale salad was okay. Nothing special. The macaroni and cheese was pretty good too though but I believe technically it would be shells and cheese. We also shared a carafe of "frangria" and it was good but I would've preferred regular sangria. It was almost too light and juicy. It was almost like watered down wine. Overall the dinner was good but pricy. I would come back since everything in Vegas is expensive but at the same time it seems more popular than it deserves.
4	Bon appetitie! Mostly a steakhouse with a french flair. Menu is anglo friendly enough and yes, they have escargot to make it authentic. Entrees are varied with non beef dishes nicely done as well. Service is complete and polite, dining room is only slightly buzzy with chatter at your own table very easy and without intrusive noise from afar. Decor is rich and ambiance is strong. Prices are par for Vegas, good value compared to nonVegas venues, but no ten dollar steaks either. My salad was fresh, portions were good, food well prepared. One small gripe, the excellent baguettes are delivered with only a spreading knife to cut cut them. It's both comical and aggrevating to see the thrashing and hammering efforts that go on at each table to piece out the loaf with a totally ineffective knife. Pinching off pieces was the best fallback. Nice outdoor seating complements to comfortable dining room. Very worth of a future visit.
2	Went with a large group. The food was cold and the bernaise sauce was icy. The other waiter never came back so we couldn't switch out. Ended up just eating it.
5	Love the outdoor seating! This is by far my favorite brunch spot on the strip!
5	I love this place! I have eaten here a few times now and every time it has been delicious. If you are lucky enough to grab a seat outside it also in a great spot on the strip to people watch. It is pretty reasonably priced and the service is impeccable. I definitely recommend Mon Ami Gabi.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to try french cuisine on our date night, since he hasn't really had french food. We ordered the escargot, which he loved. For me, I wasn't highly impressed, since I have tried escargot elsewhere. I felt as if it lacked the garlic butter flavor and tasted more oily than ever. Our entrees were the hanger steak with Merlot butter and the Dijon steak. Both had impeccable flavors. The Dijon steak had more burst of flavor than the hanger steak, but both were incredible. The frites were so delicious. As for the drinks, I ordered a frangria which was good. I ordered a small, so beware that if you are the only one drinking, it's plentiful. :) Last, but not least, we ordered dessert. The "la grande profiterole." Let me try to explain this the best I can.... If an eclair and a cream puff mated and had babies, this is what would come out. Haha. It had vanilla ice cream in the middle too! It was so good, it makes me wanna slap yo momma! I would definitely come back and would love to try their lunch. The added bonus is their view of the bellagio fountains, if you are lucky to get a seating by the window or patio. :)
4	I've been eyeing this place for years since it's located right on the strip at the Paris hotel and I've always told myself I'll try this place out. Well fast forward 5+ years and on July 4th I finally found the time to eat here! Why did I wait this long? You always see a packed patio when walking/driving down. Entrance is located in the Paris Casino (not the main entrance) but off to the side. Arrived at lunch time with hubby and was greeted by friendly hostess who sat us inside the dining area. We had the lunch menu in hand so I decided to order the lobster roll. Hubby ordered the special that was off the menu. It was some type of sandwich with goat cheese. Both dishes were extremely yummy and I was surprised to see how much lobster they put in my sandwich. Service was great, our waters were refilled without having to say anything and our waiter was friendly and quick. My only issue was how close all the tables were. Hubby had to move from his seat right across from me because he kept getting bumped by people squeezing through. Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas. I will be back to try other items from the menu.
4	We had a great dinner here. This was by far our favorite meal of the trip and very reasonably priced for being on the strip! Be sure to request a table in their front area with the windows that overlooks the Bellagio fountain. Such a cute atmosphere, great service, and the food was great! The French Onion soup was great as well as the steak frites with a red wine reduction. This is definitely a place I would return to on another trip!
4	Beautiful place. Steak is great! Outside sitting and amazing views of the Bellagio fountains. Service is top notch and the vibe is perfect for a romantic outing.
5	anddddd im back! made a reservation (please ask to be inside cause it gets HOT in the summer, trust me people)but we had a view of the fountains and its beautiful the service is always good to above par never had any complaintsnow the foodgot an order of the jumbo crabcakeAMAZING it was perfectly seared, good chunks of crab tasted amazing with the lemony sauce mmmmm wow i think it was my favorite crab cake ever! it was delicious!!! 10/10steak fritesthis was okay, not my favorite steak but im not really a steak guy anways, wasnt as hot as id like. i like the butter that was mixed with some other stuff, all green hahathe fries were delicious but not my favorite6.5/10lobster rolli thought this was going to be warm! i had no idea it was gonna be cold, it was good but i was hoping for a nice toasty warm lobster rollthe bread though was amazing! nice and buttery mmmm dang it was good. the chips thay were included were ookay , some are all soggy but cant complain too much6/10nice champagne! 10 bucks oor so each!9/10service, solid, ntohing to complain about 8.5/10view! its perfect! just go there sit back and wtch the bellagio fountains its amazing10/10
4	Every time we come to Vegas, we go there for lunch. This time we had salmon tartare, which was great. Baked goat cheese was simply amazing, and is one of their famous appetizers. I had crape with cheese which was good, and hubby had lobster roll, which was pretty good as well. The only thing I didn't like was their Bloody Mary, but as long as the food is good, I can live with that :) Service could have been slightly better, I think they forgot about us for a brief moment. So 4 stars this time.
4	I had my last meal in Vegas here. Very satisfying breakfast.The restaurant is pretty big, with a large patio that has a beautiful view of the Strip.Ate the corned beef hash. Big chunks of corned beef tossed with potatoes and roasted red pepper and topped with two beautifully poached eggs. The flavors were awesome. Nice and salty corned beef cut with rich egg yolk. Bread was nice and hearty to soak up all those flavors. The menu is pretty diverse, but I think I found my go-to dish here.I'll be going back to Vegas for a long layover, and Mon Ami Gabi is definitely on my list for breakfast before heading out of town.
5	Had some excellent Duck a l'Orange. GREAT service, and balcony strip dining. A bit pricey, but worth a visit if you can afford it.
4	Came here twice this past Vegas trip because of the convenience and the food.  Food was very tasty and the service was excellent.  We had the French onion soup which my wife thought was the best she tasted.  The burger for lunch was cooked perfectly.  My wife ordered the ribeye for dinner and it was above average.  Need to go to a steakhouse to have GREAT steak.  Overall, an above average experience.  We'll be back.
4	Cute place with a great view of the Bellagio. Yummy Breakfast and lunch. They have a bloody mary bar!! I have just tried a couple of appetizers and wine for dinner. French onion soup is a must Best place to people watch if you get the outside seating. Good luck and good eats!
5	I actually really enjoyed this place! The two of us went the morning after the 4th of July, so we beat the crowds at 9 AM. We were seated right away and the waitress was super friendly. We ordered the strawberry waffles and three eggs which we got with sausage. Everything was so good. My waffles were crunchy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. The whipped cream was a nice addition to the fresh strawberry slices on my waffles. The sausage wasn't too salty which I'm always afraid of, the eggs were cooked perfectly, and the toast was perfect as well. A very light and easy breakfast done right.
4	Mon Ami Gabi had been on my wish list for quite some time. The most recent trip to Vegas allowed me to finally go this establishment and I was not disappointed.First Mon Ami Gabi is located right on the Vegas strip with both an indoor and outdoor section with a nice view of the fountains at the Bellagio casino across the strip. We decided to eat indoors since it was over 100 degrees that day. I ordered a mixture of appetizers that included the French Onion Soup/Onion Soup Au Gratin, the Chicken Liver Mousse Pate, and the Baked Goat Cheese. The goat cheese I'd only seen on a Spanish menu before so I was interested in comparing them. Mon Ami's take was nice and creamy with a tomato sauce surrounding it and a slice of French bread with an herb garlic mix on top to scoop up the food with. The Pate was nice and creamy and served with some toasted bread to it with. The Onion Soup was good but not as thick with cheese as I would have liked but had good flavor nonetheless.My son got Prime Steak Sandwich which was served with Mon Ami's thinly sliced fries. He devoured it and especially liked the au jos sauce to dip it in.My niece ordered the Cheeseburger that was served with fries as well and loved it.The one drawback was my wife got the classique steak. Mon Ami has several steak preparations but uses the same cut for each one. My wife said it wasn't the greatest piece of meat so she was slightly disappointed.Despite that we would gladly go back to Mon Ami Gabi and I was happy to finally check this restaurant off my list.
5	One of the few places that can entice us to enter the wild and wacky world of the Las Vegas Strip.  Mon Ami Gabi is one of our favorite places for a special occasion dinner.  The food is amazing, excellent wine list and very consummate sommeliers to assist with the right choice.  Ambiance is second to none, whether inside or outside watching the fountains at Bellagio while you eat.  My personal faves are the escargot and the Roquefort steak, but oysters are always fresh and wonderful and the bread is slammin!
5	This has become my all time favorite place to eat in Vegas. .. especially when friends from out of town are visiting because not only is the food delicious and the service great but if you sit on the patio you get the best view in town with the Bellagio fountain show going off across the street and all the people watching you can do on the strip
2	We were handed menus and after ordering, then the waiter informed my friend that the item she ordered would take over an hour to cook because we went there for lunch but that item was a dinner item. Shouldn't there be separate menus? Or at least indicate on the menu that the item is a dinner item. Waitress got her face too close to my face for my personal comfort. Food was good but had too much butter and salt -- couldn't even finish my asparagus because it was swimming in butter or oil... Way to make a vegetable unhealthy! Lol On the plus side, the salmon was tasty and moist. The gluten free bread was satisfying and crispy. All in all, okay food but plenty of room for improvement in both preparation and service.
4	My husband and I had brunch at Mon Ami Gabi the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend.  We were able to make a 10:00am reservation through yelp the night before.  We were seated in the indoor section with the huge window facing Bellagio which I loved because it was bright and sunny like sitting in the outdoor area but without having to deal with the heat!  The food was delicious...I had the eggs benedict special, mushroom and brie, with a mimosa and my husband had the ham and cheese omelette and we both enjoyed our meal!
5	What a fantastic restaurant!!! I recently stayed at the Paris Hotel and was delighted to learn they have Gluten Fee options within the hotel. I ate breakfast at this restaurant and I was blown away! I sat inside and it had a nice, classy feel. The waiter was very nice and friendly. I ordered the Gluten Free Eggs Benedict and was pleasantly surprised! The waiter recommended the heirloom tomatoes also and they were fantastic! The GF bread was AMAZING. Best GF bread I have ever tasted. I usually do not like GF bread so this was a delight. The coffee was great too. Mon Ami Gabi also has a wonderful outside patio right on the strip so you can people-watch if you like.
3	The ambiance a incredible in the front window room that provides great views of the Bellagio fountains. The food and service could have been better if the server hadn't forgot our appetizer and the cut of steak was a bit more manageable. My cousin ordered at bone and got two separate small tbone medallions. Two bones means a lot less meat when you usu get your serving by the weight. All the other entrees were fine and well seasoned but you only get fries or mash as a side. Subbing veggies for the tater have an up charge.
4	Scallops Gratinees is my favorite one. very fresh
4	This is one of my "go to"  restaurant on the strip...customer service....the price is right....ambiance is amazing and food is to die for! And if you're lucky and patient, you can sit on the patio over-looking Bellagio and the fountain show and of course people watching.  And it's remarkable how they accommodate your every requests from our anniversary to reunion. There famous for there steak and frites which all are amazing!  Definitely coming back again and again!
3	My family and I came here while they were in from NY, and I have to say I was pretty underwhelmed. Here's what I tried and what I can speak to:Baked goat cheesePateSteak bearnaiseSteak tartare The baked goat cheese lacked a significant flavor. I LOVE cheese, you can pretty much melt any cheese in the world and let me dip bread in it and I would be happy. This cheese was meh. The pate was also not particularly tasty. My mom loves pate, and my girlfriend had never had it. I knew she would love it, but when I tasted this one I was surprised that it didn't have the rich flavor pate usually has. The steak sauce for the bearnaise was realllllly good, and I loved that! The steak itself was pretty good, but didn't justify the price. I smothered it in sauce and it was really yummy though. We were really excited about the French fries, they were more like chips, and they were good not great. They weren't fresh and quickly went cold and soggy. We asked for a fresh batch (one dish arrived with cold fries), and the very fresh ones were excellent... But they sogged up real quickly and were cold. The waitress said it was because the area in the greenhouse area we were in was the "wind tunnel" but it was still disappointing. The steak tartare also was just OK. The spices were pretty good, but nothing that wowed or had you excited to take another bite. Overall, the atmosphere is beautiful, and the food was pretty decent. However for the price, I expected more, and it didn't help that the service was very slow and we had different servers taking our orders and helping us. It was confusing, and even with multiple people we felt the service was really slow.  I wouldn't spend money here again based on this experience, but based on other reviews, I think I'll give it another shot with just my girlfriend and I at some point.
2	Disappointed in the service, ambiance, & food. Truly had this bookmarked for quite sometime and our lunch visit was mediocre at best. I ordered the mussels with the frites which were all little pieces like the last bit if fries under the heat lamps. The pate lacked flavor and the salad was at best 1 star under Cheesecake Factory but as a smaller portion. Group of 6+ had auto gratuity so our service level reflected the mediocrity to mirror the food. Wish we ate at Blue Ribbon Sushi as a repeat instead of trying this place.
5	OMG!  One must experience the goat cheese w/garlic bread - phenom!!  If there is room left try any one of the steaks - phenom!! Service was awesome, Pinot Noir awesome, and dessert w/latte AWESOME!!
5	I've eaten here many times. Every time is delicious! The wine list has many great choices. The bread and spread they bring is so yummy. One of the best parts is the prices are very reasonable. And you have the Bellagio fountains for a beautiful backdrop. The servers are always on point. I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi!!
4	amazing atmosphere, good customer service.
3	Solid 3.5 stars, simply because I just ordered waffles with mixed berries for a quickie before I splurge on hopefully a Wicked Spoon buffet lol.Texture was to be expected for a French resto, same for the patio view.  Strawberries, blueberries and blackberries, sprinkled ever so lightly with white sugar powder.  A bit on the lean side but i'm being picky.  I'm sure I'll return for the dinner to try their favourites as it's a nice date worthy place to go, fancy white linen and all.Just did pickup.
1	It saddens me to see this place go downhill from what it once was.  I always order the steak here, which used to be amazing.  Along with the view of the Bellagio fountain across the street, it would make for an incredible experience. Last time I was here, I had to spit out a good portion of my steak because it was not edible.  It used to be amazing quality here but they raised the prices and lowered the quality.
4	Love the food.  Service is sometimes lacking.  Awesome view from patio, but they don't take reservations out there, so go early if the weather is nice.
5	I've been there many times and every time i enjoyed the food the atmosphere and the service. We will come back to this place again for sure.
2	Maybe it was the lobster roll I ordered , which had tiny pieces of indistinguishable lobster that could have been shrimp , virtually no dressing just a lemon juice flavor , and overpowered with celery chunks , but this place disappointed . I should have tried steak frites but I had steak for the past two days and was hoping for a delicious change.   Any of the lobster roll places in the Bay Area are far better. This would be a one star review but  Plus one for the awesome table in the glass enclosed patio so we could keep cool but enjoy the outdoors in Vegas in July .
5	We ate here twice during our recent trip.  They are incredible with gluten allergies.  Their staff is well trained, friendly, and attentive.  I had a lamb burger that was out of this world amazing.  We also did brunch there one mid morning.  What a great spot to have a relaxing long brunch!   Food was fantastic both times and the pricing was very reasonable for vegas strip!!
3	I had the Chicken Pate appetizer ($12) and their Jumbo Crab cake ($18)...was not impressed. I actually didn't see anything that really stood out to me, however, my girlfriend order filet mignon with a piece of butter like spread on top and that was delicious! The meat was very tender and the spread just topped it off. I gave it a 3 stars because the other dishes were good. Mine, not so much.For starters, they give you a long piece of baguette with some butter. I thought that was ok also. And I LOVE bread. This bread was ehhhh.Located inside the Paris Hotel.
4	Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains. My cousin and I both ordered the Bordelaise Steak and it was amazing! The service was mediocre. Our waitress never came to check on us, hence the reason why I didn't give 5 stars. But the other staff were attentive when we needed our waters filled. The prices are appropriate for the serving size and the flavorful food.
4	Mon Ami  was excellent. The bread was warm and flaky, the service was excellent, and they had the most delicious St. Germaine cocktail spritzer that came in a small carafe. My only two complaints are that my steak entree came with steak frites but when I inquired about that when ordering, I was told that everything was al la carte. Additionally, the steak was butterflied to my surprise. I'd always rather be told if my steak is going to be butterflied... Sometimes I will change my order when knowing that. But, the Roquefort was delicious none the less.
3	The wife decided to get all dolled up so how can I not take her to a classy establishment for a great dinner. Funny enough.. This place wasn't my first choice but got chosen because of the fact they open late and we got distracted working up a sweat before getting ready.Made a reservation. Got there on time and was immediately seated outside with a view of the Bellagio Fountains. Matt was our main server. I say main because a few others were coming by to help drop off food or clean up.We ordered some drinks (Sidecar #43 and forgot the other one) and the country pate to start off with the warm bread and whipped butter. The bread and butter was delicious. The sidecar was extremely sweet which neither my wife or I was a fan of. The other drink wasn't worth remembering.. neither great nor horrible. The pate wasn't bad. It was worth eating but I've had better.I ordered the 22oz Ribeye and my wife ordered the chicken. Considering the fact our server talked up cuts and mentioning it was what they were famous for.. I honestly wasn't impressed. I've had far better steaks for far less.Oh! I also got the garlic spinach and creamed cauliflower on the side. The spinach was nothing to write home about but the creamed cauliflower was delicious and creamy. Definitely would get again if I were to come back. Also one of the server's gaze seemed to come to rest on my wife's cleavage (Clay-VaahGe) quite often. I was going to say something but I do realize how great it is so I let it slide. Haha.
5	OH MY GOD! I had the Croissant Sandwich (the freshest croissant I have ever had). My friend got the Egg white with tomato/avocado Omelette. Super fresh, super good. We shared an order of the French Toast with blueberries & whipped cream - absolutely to die for! The most delicious French Toast I have had....hands down. Service was great too.
4	Stopped in here for lunch! A great spot to people watch if your out on the patio.
5	We have dinner at Mon Ami Gabi every time we are in Las Vegas.  Love the Hanger Steak and the service is absolutely outstanding.  Sat on the patio watching the beautiful Belagio fountains.  100 degrees, but with the mists and their air conditioning it felt like 75.  Highly recommended for anyone who wants a great dinner in the best location on the strip.
5	Thoroughly enjoyed the food and service.
4	I've been here at least five times. The view is one of the best views in Vegas. I've never had a problem getting seated on the patio. The wine menu is great, the KIDS MENU is one of the best I've seen. My daughter has ordered three different kids menu items and they all come on portioned plates with a fruit and vegetable. Super super impressed. Wine menu is solid. Service is always excellent! I've yet to try an entree I'd order again (only reason I can't give this five stars), they are all just "ok". But the view alone keeps me coming back for more.
5	I always come here n I always get the same thing every time since I love it so much! I get the steak n frites with extra butter and it is spectacular! The macaroni auto grantin is always spot on and amazing! The atmosphere is always a good atmosphere! I brought a girl here and it was awesome got some wine n had a good time ;)I forgot our servers name by she was awesome! Always there when we needed it and her hospitality was the best! Bryan was the food runner and no joke I have never met the best food runner ever. He has phenominal hospitality. He took thr time out of his busy time to just talk to us and make sure everything was good. Hes a great gentleman! Keep it up man! Mon ami gabi is awesome!
3	The ambiance is awesome. The food was good but could have been better. We had the steak frites with the blue cheese. I will go back but next time I'll try brunch.
5	Someone in our group discovered this place on yelp yesterday so this morning we decided to take the trip down the strip from the MGM and check it out and we are all so glad we did! I had the croissant breakfast sandwich, sounds plain but very flavorful! My friend had the chicken Brie crepe and she loved every bite, another had the eggs Benedict and she loved the balance of flavors and her eggs were perfectly cooked, and finally the gentlemen of the group enjoyed the bloody bar with tons of options and his steak and eggs hit the spot! A great menu with traditional French options as well as great basics. I will absolutely come back here.
5	I was there before I reviewed places, so I'm not going to be able to give a very fresh review, but this place was awesome I must say. I had the filet and it was terrific, memorable you might say since this was more than a year ago! Hopefully an update will come soon as I would love to go back!
4	Mmmm, sizzlin'!I don't know how we scored an outside table with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain and the strip, but the view and weather were fantastic! Our server (think his name was Scott) had worked there 10 years and was a pro. Great service and solid advice on a wine pairing. I has the filet mignon au poivre and my wife had the bearnaise. Their frites are crazy thin and unlike anything I've seen before. Food was delicious, though I was less impressed by their trademark onion soup, to be honest. A little pricey but hey, it's Vegas!
5	I am most likely biased, but I loved it here. Why? The food was great as was their great wine selection. I also had my wedding reception here. The staff was wonderful and the food was delicious! They were so easy to work with to arrange my reception. Everyone was incredibly helpful. They even made menus with my husband and I's name on them! Their filet mignon is delish!
5	The one across from Bellagio in Las Vegas is the perfect place to have a glass of wine, French Onion soup, crusty bread and watch the fountains. 2:45pm is the best time to accomplish this.
5	We had a fabulous lunch here a couple of weeks ago on the 4th of July.  I had the chicken crepe and hubby had the burger. Both were perfect. The service was top notch and the prices were terrific for the quantity and quality of the food.  The ambiance is very nice, I'll bet it's even better at night, and we will be back to see for ourselves on our next Vegas trip, for sure!
4	Great service, really great wine, good steak....what's not to like? I highly recommend the bleu cheese steak (also the bleu cheese martini). Always love coming here.
4	I wouldn't expect anything less for a french place in Vegas. They had good options and it was hard for me to decide what I wanted. The server was very courteous. We had a big party and we sat by the window looking out on the strip. They seated us immediately since we had reservations. I would definitely come back if I couldn't think of anywhere else to eat in the neighborhood. The prices were mediocre. Actually I consider it to be pretty affordable for Vegas.
4	Mon Ami GabiHaving a meal on the terrace in the evening sits you right across the Bellagio and it's light show.  Wonderful seat!I do have a gluten allergy and this restaurant does a great job at ensuring my safety.Our waiter and host were friendly.  I'm not much for french cuisine but my friends are.  They loved the food and wine.  My meal was tasty too, large portions I couldn't finish.  I loved their gluten free bread.  I toast the same UDI brand at home but for some reason.  It tasted way better when they did it.I would recommend this restaurant.I took one star off because the restaurant had a weird funky smell to it.  Perhaps they use an old mop or something.  It was kind of a turn off (I stayed at Encore so I was already wowed by the best).Also I wasn't a HUGE fan of the food.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't amazing to me either
5	I don't know why I haven't checked out this place sooner but better late than never. Went on a Saturday night around 9:30 and it was packed. We couldn't get a patio seat due to wait time but that didn't deter me from having a wonderful experience. Our server was a friendly older gentleman that had to have been there a while. He answered all our questions about the menu without batting and eyelash and steered me towards one of the best scallop dishes I've ever put in my mouth. Nice sear, tender and buttery with a hint of sweet from the pureed butternut squash each scallop was nesting on. My date had the steak with blue cheese mousse that I didn't get to try. I didn't want to mess up my tastebuds with heavy cheese and red meat because I was enjoying my sumptuous seafood so much. We both shared the banana fosters crepe and was surprised how large the portion was. So delicious and not too too sweet, perfect ending to our meal.
4	I had the pleasure of going to Mon Ami Gabi for Mothers Day ,what a delicious lunch,try one of their salads.On such a busy day we still received great service & our meal came quickly which we appreciated as small children were with us. This is a fun place to eat with great views of the strip. Penny Z
4	This is one of my mom's favorite restaurants in town, so we all went there for her most recent birthday party.  The service was great, we enjoyed the waiter's enthusiasm and courtesy. The meal was also very good.  First time trying escargot and I have to say it was quite a treat. The onion soup was also a hit, great flavor with a perfect amount of cheese baked over the top. The only reason I am not giving this 5 stars is because they discontinued my mom's favorite dish, so she was somewhat disappointed.  We all ended up having a great meal and a great time nonetheless and will come back.
4	Okay, so it's definitely not the cheapest place to eat but MAN is their food worth every penny! Their ham & cheese crepes are super good. So is their quiche and also the lobster roll. The bread for the lobster roll was perfect, warm & not hard.They also have a great bloody Mary bar that is reasonably priced but if you don't feel like getting up order 1 off the menu and you will still not be let down. Sooo tasty!The #1 reason to head to Mon Ami Gabi besides the amazing food would be the patio seating. First come first serve which is nice b/c it gives you a fighting chance if you're heading there as a last minute decision. But it's the view that makes it THE SPOT! Directly across from the Bellagio fountains and right smack dab on the strip, it's amazing people watching. We always bring any company that cone in town here for lunch, the sangria and tons of great people watching; better than T.V.!
2	Mon Ami Gabi, you do not make your food with love. Your crusty baguette, in its tres cool paper sleeve, is obviously kept under a lamp, not freshly baked. Your food is delivered to the table quickly & without any pageantry. Perhaps your steaks are spectacular (as I've been told) but I'll never know because your French onion soup is mediocre & your quiche Lorraine is overpowered by chewy bacon & lacks a buttery crust.Your patio is 5-stars wonderful, but can I get some quality eats to go along with my spectacular view of Las Vegas Blvd, si vous plait?
1	I got food poisoning here from eating their quiche. Everyone else in my group was complaining about how their food was bland and all of our plates came out cold (we ordered things like scrambled eggs and French onion soup so it definitely shouldn't have been cold). The service was additionally super slow even though the restaurant was empty besides our group and a few others. I'm not really sure why this place has such high ratings sorry to say it.
5	Never a bad dish, a sour face, or poor company. I only go there when not even the tables could take me down and it is worked out divine.
3	We have been here three times and this was the worst experience. Probably won't be back.  They didn't have the drink we wanted to order. They didn't have the appetizer we wanted to order. The fish was overcooked. For dessert the waiter brought the dirtiest dessert menu he could find. What a joke.
4	I made a reservation on a Monday evening and was seated very quickly upon arrival. My friend and I got seated in a dark corner, and the table was wobbly. But we didn't want to let that affect our meal. Started off with a fresh baguette with a radish spread, which was pretty good. We both ordered the hanger steak medium rare. My friend's steak wasn't cooked correctly on some parts of the steak, however, mine was great. It came with pomme frites. It was a different type of fries...reminded me of fritos but less crunchy and more potato-y. Overall, I felt that I was very satisfied with my meal and the price of the meal.
5	If you can deal with the crowds and a wait time (even with reservations, they will keep you waiting for at least 15 minutes in my experience), this place has an amazing menu and atmosphere.  The hanger steak is my favorite thing on the menu- the sauce is amazing and it comes with fries that are fried in duck fat, which sounds so weird but is so good.  Try the brie appetizer as well, it comes with clover honey and toasted hazelnuts.  Omg.  And the view! Perfect place to people watch... and weirdo watch, since the patio is literally 10 feet from Las Vegas Blvd.  Which also means this is not the place for you if you want a quiet night out.
5	Must Go restaurant every time we visit Vegas! Seafood plater and chicken liver are delicious. Very friendly waiters/waitresses and easy atmosphere. Great place for lunch. Ask for the patio seats in nice weathers. You could see the great Bellagio music fountain across the street.
4	Overall a really nice experience. If you sit outside on the patio, it's a great view of the strip and Bellagio fountains. You get more of a "Parisian vibe" if you sit inside though, so honestly it's a win-win no matter where you sit. The free bread appetizer is literally a huge loaf of bread. Doesn't seem very hygienic with everyone digging in on the same piece of bread, but maybe that's how they do it in authentic Parisian cafes? No idea LOL. Ordered the chicken and mushroom crepe. Delicious. Everything on the menu looked good and I would love to go back :)
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants in town and our go-to place for French cuisine. Great food, excellent service and perfect location... be sure to get seated outside to have a great view of the Bellagio fountains as you enjoy your meal.We've been here for both brunch and dinner. Everything on the menu is worth a try. Start your day with their Eggs Benedict and French toast with blueberries. For dinner, any one of their various Steak Frites is a must-try. Other standouts are the Escargot and Mussels in white wine broth. Also a good place to have Onion soup au gratin. Best place to enjoy French cuisine without breaking the bank.
5	Awesome. Salmon eggs benedict not on menu, had it like five years ago off brunch menu. Last year didn't have it on the menu, but asked waiter and he made it happen. Same thing today.  I love this place, we always stop by even if we're not staying off the strip. Just how I remembered. Tried escargot, very good.
4	We always come here when we are in Vegas.  the outdoor seating is perfect for people watching.The breakfast is good.  I recommend the french toast.In Vegas, most breakfast is average (think Denny"d, iHop) so its best to pick a place with the best atmosphere.
4	Went here for brunch on a Sunday morning. We were sat quickly and promptly met by our server who was friendly and knowledgable. I went with the special (eggs Benedict w filet mignon) and my girlfriend went with the quiche. Both we're excellent. Eggs Benedict was not smothered in sauce as many places do, the eggs were not over done and the meat was perfect. A little pricey, but considering what we've paid for terrible service and food at other locations (LVH), this place is a bargain.
3	The only reason I rated this "average" is because there was very little to choose from for vegetarian options. I decided on a mushroom risotto dish that was good, but it would have been great to have more choices. The only reason we went here is because we were given a gift card to go, so of course we were going to use it. The inside of the restaurant is very nice--it certainly doesn't feel like you're in Vegas. The service was prompt, our reservation through Open Table was quickly honored (first time using it so I was a bit nervous it'd get lost), and we were treated very well indeed. If you're a seafood lover, you'd be in heaven. If you're a veghead, not so much, but at least stop in for a drink.
5	My favorite breakfast destination in Vegas.
4	A really nice restaurant on the Strip.  We had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains at night from the patio.  The service was great, but the food could have been better. The best was Escargot, but the rest Chicken Pallard & steak were just OK.  Come for the lovely atmosphere....
3	Mon Ami Gabi why did your hamburgers used to be so good and then fall flat.  Every time I come to Vegas I make it a point to come and get a burger with blue cheese and bacon.   I ordered a medium burger ready for a juicy hamburger.  I received a dry burger that lacked flavor.   The frites were still great as usual.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.
3	Great ambiance but the steak was very tough. The steak was pricey and so not worth it but the wine was great and the table and service very nice. I would go again, just not to order the steak.
5	We had breakfast here one morning. Simply wonderful!! Great atmosphere and great food!! Highly recommend!!
5	Wonderful food, great for people watching, brunch, awesome service. I love the Grilled Salmon & Spinach salad, smoked salmon hors d'oeuvres, Trout Amandine, and Warm Chicken & Brie Sandwich.  If you're driving, park Valet.  The entrance is right in front of the restaurant.
5	good food, great service, the best view, all for a great price!
5	I LOVE that place in Vegas especially for breakfast. Seafood Crepe is AMAZING!!!!Highly recommending this place!!!
4	If you want a nice sit down meal that's a little upscale that won't break the bank, it will be hard to beat this place. The food was interesting (I had the skate, and my girlfriend had salmon), and it was well prepared and the side dishes were different and very tasty.  Nice wine list as well. We'll probably be going back.
4	I frequent often especially with out of town guests- since the outside seating is excellent for people watching as well as the Bellagio watershow. Food is fairly priced (in the 20s for steak, salmon, etc). I really enjoyed the escargot and my friend loved the baked goat cheese appetizer. Good place over all.
5	I can't say enough great thing about Mon Ami Gabi! The Escargot is the best I have ever had! Make sure to get extra bread to dip in the delicious sauce! We've had the mussels and scallops appetizers which were amazing! Steak sandwich, lobster roll and open-faced salmon sandwich also amazing! French Onion soup and split pea soups super delicious! Their Lemon Tart is to die for! My ONLY complaint is they charge $12 for 1 freaking BOTTLE of Blue Moon. Total rip-off! But the prices for food is really good for a French spot on the strip. Everyone has to go there at least once and I promise you will go back! It's that good!
5	We had a great experience and enjoyed our moment here! Food, service, atmosphere..Other than that I was so impressed with their chef, "Terry Lynch", Executive Chef / Partner. Because I liked our special soup that was called "Grape and Almond Gazpacho soup" so much and asked our waitress about the ingredients. She came back and told me that chef Terry will send me the recipe. The next day I got an email from chef Terry who was so generous and treated his customer so well. It was my first time I ever got this kind of personal touch and i like it.I would definitely return next time when i visit Las Vegas.
5	Great place, delicious food, the bananas foster crepes were divine! The service was great too!
4	Steak frites is one of my favorite dishes and Mon Ami is one of the best that's makes it just right!!!
4	So delicious, and pretty reasonable for Vegas too! The Brie Cheese appetizer comes served with freshly roasted garlic, which is basically my kryptonite. Mmm garlic!I was in Vegas for work (tough life, I know ;) ) and so my coworker and I shared the trout and salmon. (We love seafood!) Both were very good, the salmon came with an interesting pea puree. But, I would not use the word "exceptional." Fast and friendly service, tucked right out front the Paris. Would come back here!
5	Great food and great service, the pricing is not nearly as high as you would expect for the view, ambiance and the fact that it's right on the strip. Everything I have tried has been very fresh, flavorful and delicious. If you are looking for a place to have a nice dinner without paying an arm and a leg, also getting a great view- this is it!
4	This place was pretty exceptional on the food and atmosphere front.  It's a simple yet very elegant restaurant, which seems suitable for afternoon casual lunch or fancy business meetings or dates.  The menu had a variety of options from light salads and oysters, to fancy sandwiches, to meat hefty meals.  I ordered the tomato and basil salad.  The waitress said it was a pretty decent size and tasty.  It was indeed tasty, but not substantial in size.  I was thankful I ordered chicken with it because it is not enough on it's own (for most people).  It was very fresh and lightly seasoned with oil.  I sneaked bites from the plates of those around me....the yellowfin was delish and the goat cheese and smoked salmon sandwich is probably the best thing one could order from the lunch menu!  The combined flavor of the bread, cheese, salmon and toppings was one of the most decadent things I've eaten in awhile!  So why 4 stars and not 5?  The service was lacking.  It's vegas...I expect above average.  Service was average from all the staff I encountered and no one seemed very personable.  Just kind of made me feel awkward.  Oh well, good eats - try it!
4	Highly recommend eating in the atrium area! Meal was cooked to specification and flavors were fantastic!
4	we stopped here for lunch and got a very nice strip side table for two, we ordered the seafood tower for two for $49, in my opinion this was an amazing value, we had a wole lobster, 4 fresh oysters, four large prawns, salmon tartare which was absolutely delicious, crackers and dips served on a bed of ice with lemon wedges. Such a great meal on a hot day.
5	This is a MUST STOP brunch spot for every trip I take to Las Vegas! The service is always wonderful, the food is impeccable, and the gorgeous patio views of the strip is an added perk. It's one of the gems on the strip where the quality of the food far outweighs the price that you pay for it. I always order the Croque Monsieur (around $13 and a couple of people could split the plate). Frankly, it's so delicious that I never have the desire to stray from it. It's wonderfully toasted and the combination of cheese and ham are present in the perfect ratio so either flavor isn't too over-whelming. The hand-cut fries that are included with the plate are seasoned and fried to perfection! My most recent visit was particularly memorable. Mark Z. was our server and he was extremely attentive, pleasant, and actually cared about having a conversation with us (quite refreshing considering we are in our early 20's). We showed up around 9am on a Sunday and were able to be seated right away on the patio which had a direct view of the Bellagio fountains. We started our meal with the baked goat cheese (about $12) and I can definitely say that I will never skip ordering this delicious plate from this point on. The tomato sauce was perfectly thick and creamy, the goat cheese was some of the best I have ever tasted, and the generous serving of garlic bread was perfectly buttery and crispy. My mouth is literally watering just thinking about it! My boyfriend said the coffee that he ordered was some of the best he has ever tasted... so that's highly recommended! All in all, this place is absolutely incredible and I recommend it to every single person that I know that is taking a Vegas vacation! Kudos, Mon Ami, Gabi!
5	Went here for the Bloody Mary bar but the breakfast itself was delicious!! This is such a good choice for breakfast/brunch in Vegas that isn't a buffet.  I got the special of the day which was lemon crepes with blueberries and homemade whipped cream.  Will definitely be back here!
4	What a wonderful time, al Fresco dining overlooking the Bellagio and the strip, our waiter looked like Mosely from Downton Abby! He spoiled us with fine recommendations and great service also accommodating our gluten free friends at the table. I had the chicken apple and Brie Crepes -- wonderful tender crepes and the sweet of the apples and the savory chicken was a great combination! Frizee salads with smoked lardons (pork belly) was a party in the mouth, the prime rib Benedict with house made English muffin was wonderful . Must try!
5	Got to sit outside, directly across the street from the Bellagio. This location is perfect for people watching. The wait staff were absolutely perfect. A a somewhat picky patron, and former waiter myself, these folks were perfect. They were always around when I wanted something, and never hovering when I didn't. No one did that thing where they bring you your food, and two seconds later, ask how is everything before you've even taken a bite.I had the french onion soup, the frise/kale/bacon salad, and a burger with blue cheese, bacon, and fried egg. All were awesome. I'd order all again.I highly recommend this place. Including two glasses of wine, the whole bill was $64.11 for two people. Technically, that makes it fall into the $$$ category, but it's on the low end of it.
5	Best breakfast ever on our wedding day! It is a must go place.
5	I finally got to try this restaurant during Spring time! This place is usually super packed however the night that I went I was one of the lucky ones and didn't have to wait :) I got to sit outside right in front of the Bellagio water show, it was definitely magical at night! Their escargot is highly recommended and I also recommend their steaks and seafood. This place is as good as it gets for French Cuisine. Not to mention, their customer service is exceptional. I will definitely come again when I go to Vegas again!
4	I had the special, red snapper, deliciously prepared. I substituted the potatoes successfully.  The service has been excellent. Prices were definitely in the $$$ range so the yelp rating of $$ made the prices a bit of a shock.  Great atmosphere and we would come back.
4	Love Mon Ami Gabi! Onion soup is very good also VERY hot. Incredible tasting fish dishes - favorite is the Trout Amandine. Bananas Foster Crepe has be the BEST dessert in the city. It's decadent. Fun atmosphere - a bit loud in the atrium. Must try their Gluten Free items next time. Wines are delicious and affordable for being on the Strip. Bon Appetitie!
4	I had an excellent dinner experience here on a Friday night. We sat right by the window and go to watch the Bellagio water show. I ordered the filet with a side of the cauliflower mash. Delicious. I am Paleo, so it was nice that they had options for gluten-free, although the fresh french bread looked pretty amazing. I came back the next afternoon for lunch/brunch on Sunday, and the food was great, but the service was sub-par. The server, I believe his name was Jose, was not friendly. Maybe he was having a bad day, which we all have, but it was unfortunate it had to impact our experience. My grandma asked him for a glass of ice, and he completely forgot to get it. Another server, at our request, had to bring it over. When taking our order, he seemed to be distracted. My mom asked if the kale salad had bacon, and he said it did. She asked if she can have it on the side. He said she could not because it was in the dressing. My mom got the salad, with bacon on the salad, and the dressing on the side (that had no bacon in it). The man who delivered the food was very nice, and took the food back. He apologized. Our server did not apologize, never said anything about giving us incorrect information, just said the other salad is on the way. I recommend this place for dinner. It was great. It was too bad we received the bad service at lunch, but I would still try it again.
4	Reservations for dinner definitely help - huge line out the door for drop ins.  Very good food, well schooled waiters, great view.  We sat outside watching people and the fountains.  Despite the coolness factor, I would advise against it.  First - the various artists and peddlers on the sidewalk - it's loud and annoying from time to time.  Second - constant waves of cold from the a/c and the heat from the street.  Compared to that - inside the restaurant looked muted and inviting - and somehow much more "French".  Excellent experience overall!
4	We were completely relocated (in our minds) to Paris for breakfast.  Even our waitress had a totally "French" attitude.  After such a good breakfast we can't wait to return for lunch or dinner.
4	Been a couple of times, once for dinner once for lunch. Lunch was the more recent visit and I ended up doing Steak Frites. I love French and this place is quite good at it, though not in a way that makes me jump for joy everytime. I think the best thing this place has going for it is the view, clearly. The food itself is fine, but their steak frites weren't cooked properly (over cooked, no biggie...but hey, this is Vegas at a place known around the world) . The fries though, those were damn good. Wait staff was decent enough, though getting drinks refilled was kinda a challenge.Mon Ami Gabi is a great Vegas spot for just about anyone; fancy enough and well known enough to warrant a visit...but its not exactly amazing when it comes to the food. Still good to go for a decent meal.
5	EXCELLENT food combined with friendly and prompt service makes this place one of the best restaurants on the strip.  Get there early 'cause it gets busy quick!! They open for breakfast at 7 am.  I know it's a bit unusual to think about coffee while reviewing a French restaurant but they have some of the best around, it's why I started going and only one of the reasons I keep going back!!
4	Lively atmosphere and qualify French food. We enjoyed the roasted chicken, steak Roquefort and French Onion soup but the best part was the chocolate mousse. Our server was polite and patient even though it was a busy night. However, some of the other assisting servers were less patient as they practically threw our dishes at us as they rushed to wait other tables.
4	I had a great dinner experience here. Food was excellent and our server Matt was awesome! He was super friendly and helpful with the menu. Best customer service ever!
4	Quality food. Great view when dining on the patio.
5	This is our go-to place for brunch in Vegas. Everything my husband and I have tried here is fabulous! The patio is beautiful and a great view of the Bellagio fountains.
5	I've been coming here for close to a decade. Best meal for the price in Vegas. Never disappoints. If you can wait, try for the terrace or our favorite the pavilion. The steaks are perfectly cooked and the frites are irresistible.  For those that like seafood, the scallops have never been less than spectacular.This restaurant has the vibe of a bustling French bistro, with the added plus of a friendly but very professional staff. Can't recommend enough!
3	I don't like steaks that are that flat. But it was average. The frites were a nice addition. The service was good. The ambiance is great for a date.
5	BECKY!!!!!! LOVE HER. Anna Nicole Smith+Jessica Simpson...I digress...her customer service, expertise, and sense of humor are exceptional. My husband and I are self proclaimed foodies and we had a blast at bar with her. She made us a Texas Mule and I Loved it. Then, we had the Paris in Bloom and enjoyed thoroughly. Really great experience. The managers even came over to shake our hands.
5	Mon Ami Gabi was one of the best restaurants I visited in Las Vegas. The food and the service were great and the price was even better. Food on the strip can be outrageous! Mon Ami Gabi was well priced with good food. I suggest eating outside on the patio if you can so you can watch the water show at the Bellagio.
4	A fantastic meal on the strip for a reasonable price! It is easy to make a reservation for the day of, so if you are a last minute planner like us, at least you can rest assured that you will have a nice place to dine on the strip!Although the interior of the restaurant looks upscale and all the servers are outfitted in dress pants and vests, it is actually a very casual dining atmosphere. The menu consists of an assortment of salads, seafoods, and steaks, and although the options are limited, it shouldn't be hard to find a dish for everyone. At the end of the meal, our server brought the bachelorette a cream puff/ice cream dessert on the house, which I thought was a really sweet gesture. It was just enough to pass around the table and for all of us to try a bite. Delish! :)
4	Bread is amazing. Food is on par. From the steak, salmon, soup, and sandwiches everything tastes great.Service is excellent. Very friendly and welcoming.I would definitely come back to try more items on their menu and would recommend my friends here on their trip to Vegas (:
4	Amazing steak! I don't really know much about the rest of the menu items, since I think 99% of our party of 20 ordered steak. I ordered the classique. Word of warning, the steaks are pounded thin, so order one level down for what you usually order (e.g. if you usually order medium, order medium rare). My medium steak was borderline medium-well, so it was a tad bit drier than I usually like. The fries that came with the steak were unique and very crispy. Our server was knowledgeable and patient with our huge party. It was overall a fantastic experience!
5	Sooooo delicious! They do undercook the steak a bit, but it was still delicious . They have the best fries I've ever had! I had some of my boyfriends steak sandwich and it was really good as well. Very nice servers too
4	I have been here many times and have never had a bad experience...well, there was the short ribs...  No matter, I LOVE this place.  If you've been to the Strip, you know the prices, but this place is pretty moderate and the food is always top notch.  I always get the baked goat cheese app - so yummy.  I've had most of the other menu items, most recently, the snapper special......which had a browned butter and corn sauce over it which knocked me socks off.  Also had steak tartare for the first time. I may be spoiled from having it here, but, oh my, delicious!  Our waitress was funny and fantastic too, wish I remembered her name.  Pigtails....you know who you are :)
5	Beautiful to sit on patio and watch the Bellagio fountains. Service great as was food. Wonderful place to enjoy the sights of the Strip.
5	Despite of the fact that this place can be infested with tourists, this is actually one of our favorite breakfast joints in the valley.  Best way to dine at this place is by eating at their patio and preferably near the railing, no other exceptions.  Make sure to have a reservation especially if you decide to eat at this restaurant on a weekend or expect for your party to wait until the next table is ready.  Wait time, however, is usually nonexistent if you do show up early enough.  At least they have two bars conveniently inside the establishment that serve any alcoholic beverage you desire as you wait for your name to be called.Watch out for their daily specials as they're actually quite delicious.  One dish I tend to go for is their crepe stuffed with chicken, brie and apples topped with a beurre blanc sauce...amazing!!  Another great choice would be the eggs florentine with a side of date-glazed bacon.Overall, Mon Ami Gabi has definitely become an institution that everyone seems to keep raving about.  Great at any time of day; come here for brunch with your friends or an intimate dinner with her while having one of the best seats in town to watch the Bellagio fountain show.
5	Love this place. Ask for patio seating. The view of the Bellagio is awesome. I usually go there for breakfast. Very reasonable price for the quality of the foods and service. And the fact it's on the strip.
3	It's one of those places that has a limited menu.  I don't like that.  I'm picky and I need variety.  Lost a star for that.  Thursday night, no reservations but there was no wait to sit inside.  There was a 1 hour wait to sit on the patio.  Service was very friendly.  We ended up ordering the French Onion Soup, Scallops and Chicken Grandmere.  French Onion Soup was good.  Most places make theirs too salty but this is a French restaurant so they better get that right.  Scallops were average.  They were good but it wasn't anything special.  Chicken was very good.  One of the best chickens I've had in a restaurant.  A little bit pricey for a casual restaurant but then again it is on the Strip.  I didn't think the food was that special.  There are dozens of other restaurants back home in Orange County that are just as good, if not better, for the same price.
3	Pros: Great view of the Bellagio Fountains (right across the street), ample seating. Decent food.Cons: Food could have been better considering the price. Likewise for the service. I've had much better steaks for less. Overall: Worth doing if you're in the area and wanting some decent food without worrying about a dress code. We had no problem getting a table at 6pm on a Monday, but on weekends you would want to get a reservation (easy to do online)
4	The patio seating is lovely at night and a constant source of entertainment as it looks out over the Strip and the human circus thereon.Our waiter was French. How awesome was that having a (polite) waiter with a French accent provide you dinner while sitting uder the Eifel tower.The food was excellent with the expected French influence. We had the salmon, filet and trout. All were well prepared and well presented in addition to being tasty and well seasoned.
2	Came to Mon Ami Gabi cause we heard amazing things from friends and via Yelp! Atmosphere was romantic. Dimly lit, cute parisian decorations and really just perfect. It was windy and hot that day so we opted for a window seat but inside the restaurant vs patio and still got an amazing view of the bellagio fountain shows. We ordered the escargot, mussels, bone in ribeye with a side of sauteed mushrooms, and creme brulee.The FOOD verdict:Escargot...a bit TOO chewy and really bland considering it was being drowned in garlic butter :(Mussels were DELICIOUS! I wish we got an entire full order vs half order....mmmmn! best item of the night :DBone in Ribeye so mediocre and considering it took an hour after ordering to come out you would think it would be amazing but nope! Sauteed Mushrooms don't order, not worth it and even more tasteless than the ribeye. Creme Brulee was very good! But i don't think I've ever had a bad creme brulee...LOL Overall food was meh and it took forever for our main course! Service: Hostess were a bit snobby and were kinda rude when I asked for a photo. Our server Dawn was nice at first but she had a really condescending tone when I would ask about the whereabouts of our food. And listening to her talk to another table I could tell she may have just been having a bad day cause she was rude to them too. Basically view and atmosphere were amazing and romantic! Food was 2/5 and service from hostess and server were 1/5. Step up your game Mon Ami Gabi, there's too many good restaurants on the strip for you to be acting like the only hot french girl in the room.
5	This place always has an extremely long line at any hour of the day! I came here for breakfast at 10 am on a Wednesday. The patio was completely full but we were seated in the greenhouse area which is just as lovely. The decor at this place is classic and authentic. Their breakfast menu is very large and has everything from large entrees to little pastries. I decided on the lemon pancakes. The pancake is large and very thin, more like a crepe than a pancake. It is served with lemon marmalade and cream. It sounds simple but it was one of the most delicious brunch items I have ever tasted! The marmalade was so flavorful and you could tell it was all made from real lemons. I would definitely come back if I had a reservation, but the long wait is definitely off-putting.
5	Mouth watering dishes! All of them! Yeah, I'm the type to pick off everyone's plates. Don't judge me! and I'm Such a sucker for outdoor patios!! Vegas weather does get a bit crazy, but you have a choiceOf sitting in the indoor patio! What? Yes!! Get the steak and the sandwiches. all of them. Take it Togo if you can't finish it cause it taste equally amazing hours later in traffic or on the plane!
5	Really good food. Good service our waiter was friendly and had a good sense of humour. Service was really fast considering they were packed. Prices are reasonable especially for the quality of food and for being on the Strip.
5	GREAT for Gluten-Free dining. They have amazing gluten-free bread and very knowledgeable staff. Highly recommend the French Onion Soup!
2	I think this place is being exagerated. The service is fast but unfriendly. The breeads were not fresh. Waste of money :(
5	Tried the Au poivre which was incredibly tasty and tender, along with crispy and homemade fries for 25$ total.The restaurant had calm background music and high class service, 5/5
5	The service is excellent. The food, drinks and ambiance superb!!! A bit pricey for breakfast but money well spent
2	After all of the amazing reviews I saw on yelp I was so excited to come here for my last morning in Vegas. Mannn what a disappointment. My poached eggs were overcooked and the salmon was kind of dry. Not exactly the delicious breakfast I was looking for unfortunately.
3	Centrally located, so it's a wonderful place to grab brunch and get your day started on the strip, which is exactly what we did when I brought my parents here.  We had a reservation for 10:30 and I was a bit annoyed because I told them my name and for some reason the hostess kept coming over and loudly insisting "RICHARD?????" in my face.  Lady, I told you 3x my name is not Richard, your screaming the name in my face is not going to change that fact.  Despite that, however, the service during our meal was very good.  Our server was Jose and he was very busy but quick and attentive.  We had coffee, a bellini and a mimosa and all were strong and delicious.  I had the steak frites, my dad had the mushroom omelette and my mom had a breakfast croissant sandwich, and we all split the fruit bowl.  Everything was quite good EXCEPT FOR MY STEAK FRITES.  It is double the price of the other breakfast entrees and the meat was tough and the fries were weird.  I spent most of my meal wishing I'd ordered something different.  The decor and ambiance here are lovely and reminiscent of Thomas Keller's Bouchon.  I'll probably come back here for breakfast/brunch next time I'm in Vegas but I'll definitely be skipping the steak frites.
5	Me and my boyfriend came here on a Friday night with an 8pm dinner reservation, and were seated within 5 minutes. (Reservation highly recommended as this place will get busy!)The hostesses, bus staff, and our waitress were all friendly and attentive to us even though the place was pretty packed.We ordered the escargot, scallops gratinee, salmon, and French green beans. All the dishes were fresh and tasty and came out fairly quickly. The pricing is great especially for Vegas, and the atmosphere is nice although it is a really dark/romantic type of atmosphere if you go at night. Would definitely go back to try more of the menu!
5	love this place - the food, atmosphere, drinks, all of the above.  It's a go to spot for us when we are in Vegas!
1	Terrible service. Very disappointed because I had heard great things. Made a reservation for 745 but still had to wait for 35 mins. Hostess was extremely rude, her name Christina. I was talking to her and she was purposely looking over me and not responding. Not a good start to dinner and not impressed with customer service.
5	Great food and great service. The hand cut frites are so crispy and flavored. The steak is also perfectly done. Love this place
5	I was very pleased with my experience here! The hostesses that helped us out were very friendly and accommodated our request to outdoor seating and we got the best view of the water show from The Bellagio! Our server Cetap was attentive and friendly, we never had to ask for water once(my bf and I drink water like a fish too lol). My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon with Merlot, and I ordered the rib eye. The steaks were AMAZING!!!!! Although, I would prefer the filet mignon over the rib eye :p. We then ordered the banana crepe for dessert and it was D E L I C I O U S! The sauce that came with the crepe went amazingly well with the bananas and ice cream, ITS A MUST TRY!! Amazing first experience and I will dine here again with Cetap! :)
5	Our favorite restaurant!  I love the Pavillion room ambiance and the steak frites are the bomb!
5	We love this place. It is a must stop for us whenever we visit Las Vegas. Lunch on the patio watching the fountains and the Human Circus. The food is always great, the servers are entertaining, cocktails are good and wine list is too.
3	Service was great when the restaurant was packed.  The portions were very small for the price and food was ok
5	I don't live in Vegas.. but if I did.. I'd be here every day. Amazing food.
5	I've been in the restaurant business most of my life.  I have eaten everywhere and let me tell you, Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite restaurant in the world. You will not find a better combination of unpretentiousness, view, ambience, food quality and preperatipon anywhere.  Get ready for a simple, but fantastic meal.
5	Love it.  Amazing food in an amazing atmospere at an amazing location.  What more could you ask for?
5	Favorite place to eat on the strip!
5	Had an amazing experience here last week  with seven other girls. Everyone's food was fresh, hot and delish. Everyone decided to have the steak so I obviously had a salad and scallops hoping to finish everyone's steak (which of course I did)!!! I had the soft boiled and bacon salad- oh so yum. Imagine a nice fresh salad covered in bacon and a warm soft boiled egg over. As you cut the egg the magical yolk pours over the salad. The salad also has little pieces of toast that soak up the egg yolk. I'm salivating as I write this. Then I had the scallops gratin which was amazing. Fresh scallops smothered in buttah and cheese baked to perfection. Get a piece of warm baguette to dip and you are in business. Then I tried everyone's steak and every style was amazing. I prefer the classic butter- medium rare but everyone style was wonderful. I love the fries too- they are fried but not greasy. Dip those bad boys in bearnaise sauce and you've got fireworks. We also had the chocolate mousse which was rich and decadent. For drinks we split the sangria which was flavorful and strong! Yum! Loved this meal.
5	Came here again from California.  I was seated right away, and the food came very quickly.  Oysters were okay this time around, but the steak classique really rocks my world.  Also the warm goat cheese and garlic bread were to die for.  Will be coming back soon!
4	Vegas started off on a weird note and I was thoroughly annoyed with some of the people in my group. However Mark totally turned things around with awesome recommendations and great service. Attentive and funny, Mark listened to all our over the top requests and modifications with a smile. He made sure my friend's bacon was extra crispy as requested (a little burnt if you ask me lol). He made sure all the toppings were on the side per another patrons request and he kept the drinks flowing. Now it's starting to look a lot like Vegas! Then the water show at the Bellagio across the street was spectacular!!! We were able to dine al fresco but still take advantage of the AC. We couldn't tell it was 105 degrees out or that the breeze was actually artificial. For Vegas, the food was reasonable priced, brunch including 2 mimosas tip and tax was $40-45 pp.
4	I've dined here multiple times and enjoyed it both times. Most recently I had a casual lunch with my sister. The atmosphere is wonderful, staff is attentive and friendly and the food is fantastic.
5	This is my favorite place for a relaxed brunch (non-buffet) with a view. I love the french cuisine! I ordered the french toast with mixed fruits, and my bf got the seafood crepe. We also ordered the appetizer pate which was of ginormous proportions. We got a seat on the pavilion so there was the benefit of the cool/AC, yet we still had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains and people watching on the Strip. It's a perfect place for that lazy, drawn-out, 3 hour Sunday brunch with amazing savory and sweet dishes.I felt that the prices were extremely reasonable for the Strip (and the fact we averaged $92 per person per meal during our trip) and what we received.
5	There's nothing more satisfying after a day walking the strip in 100 degree heat than a nice steak and a glass of wine.  It's kinda pricey, but hey, you're in Vegas.  Treat yourself.  You won't regret it.  Oh, there's usually a long wait, so plan ahead.  We killed time by gambling and drinking, which was fun.
4	Mon Ami Gabi was a bit expensive- maybe more expensive than the food warranted.  BUT the food really was yummy and definitely worth it since we were celebrating a special bachelorette party weekend.  Unlike many French restaurants, the portions were decent as well. They weren't what us Americans consider large but realistically, I think the portions were perfectly appropriate.  The food was delicious, just not as unique I would have expected from a French restaurant- but maybe their options are broader for dinner (we went for brunch).  The service was absolutely perfect!  Our server (who was clearly French) was friendly and checked up on us regularly (our water glasses were never empty) but he never felt invasive either.  He was polite and direct, and overall it was the best place we ate all weekend- comfortable and casual, yet classy and non-invasive.  I would definitely recommend Mon Ami Gabi for a special night out.
5	I have eaten here numerous times now and every time the experience has been amazing. The food is absolutely delicious and incredibly fresh and flavorful. The prices are so reasonable! the service is amazing. I just cant say enough good things. Its a must try! :)
4	Dinner was nice! The waitress did everything she could to make us feel comfortable. Food was great! Athmosphere is vibrant and the interior of the restaurant cosy. Only downside was the cold air coming from the air condition which was way too chilly.
4	This restaurant is located in the Paris casino/resort.  Dine on the patio for a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  We were seated immediately even though we arrived 15 minutes before our reservation time.  The service was excellent and the food was very good.  Great wine selection.  The oysters on the half-shell were served very cold and very fresh.  Select your main and side dish separately.  We ordered creme brulee for dessert; it was wonderful.  I give this restaurant four stars instead of five because the food was very good, but not the best I've ever had.
5	Mon Ami NEVER disappoints meLarge wine list ,,,with a good selection of reasonably priced winesSalads always fresh and inventive with the seasons...same for soups....Cream of mushroom rich and creamy Frites always crisp and tasty..not greasyComplimentary bread always warm and FRESH and CRISP....Accompanying tapenade tasty and freshMy favorites: any of the fresh fish                      Hamburger moist and well-seasonedBreakfast menu has plenty of reasonable entreesProfessional, friendly,knowledgeable serversFun to sit on the patio
4	Great place!!! I had the oysters, trout, and peach melba. The oysters and peach melba were terrific. The trout was good but I've had better. Our server, Chris, was really sharp. Fun to watch the Bellagio fountains and people watching.
2	Not fantastic for the price you will pay for dinner. The view from the patio was nice. We enjoyed eating outside. The French onion soup and the bread were the highlight of my meal. The salmon entree wasn't anything special nor were the pricey, small side dishes.
5	This is one of my 5 all time favorite places I've ever eaten at. We went multiple times on our trip. The staff went above and beyond each time. Always a smile & friendly. loved being able to sit in the fresh air & people watch. Gorgeous place to get dessert & watch the bellagio fountain show. First morning I got croissant sandwich. If you love avocado this is a yummy perfect breakfast sandwich. Second morning I had to have the hash & poached eggs ( ask for some jelly with your toast very good). Hubby got it the day before & it's truly amazing. I NEED to find the recipe for this online somewhere. Also got myself a pain au chocolate. This is a true must you won't regret it.
4	Another home run! My high school friends rarely fails me but we never studied the French equivalent for "cleared the fence".  If you ever find yourself in Sin City, don't walk by without grabbing a strip side seat and glass of freshly squeezed juice in the morning.The portion size is plentiful and the date covered bacon should be recognized as an equal gift to the US just like the Statue of Liberty.My slight ding against the 5 stars is that our server seemed a bit rattled and non existent to our table of three.  She inquired about our need for jam and butter and returned with it when we asked for the check. My waistline benefited with the lack of turn around!
5	I have three words for Mon Ami Gabi: 1.) Perfect 2.) Perfect and 3.) Perfect.  This restaurant on the strip and inside the Paris Hotel & Casino is just perfect. From the extensive cocktail list, the extensive beer list to the assortment of cheeses to the menu of quality French food, you simply cannot lose! If you sit outside on the veranda there is great tourist/people watching and the weather is always sunny in Las Vegas. They also have a vast variety/selection of Bloody Mary's (they used to have a Sunday brunch Bloody Mary Bar).  It's the perfect place for the perfect lunch. Did I mention that it was perfect? Because...it is.
5	***BEST Salmon Egg Benedict that I have ever tasted!!!! This place has one of the best views of the Bellagio foundations, so I highly recommend eating outside. I originally wanted to check out this place because of the reviews. Although I didn't really get to tried what I wanted to tried at this place I went for the alternative. Aside from the view, Mon Ami Gabi has the BEST Salmon Egg Benedict that I have ever tried. The poached egg was PURFECT done. I don't know that they did to the egg, but it just seem to have more yolk oozing out of that thing. The lemon sauce it worked so well with the entire plate. I really have no complaints about this place. I really cannot wait to tried their French Onion Soup, escargot and the beef wellington. That day will soon come!!!RECOMMENDATIONS:1. Salmon Egg Benedict (5+/5- BEST in LAS VEGAS)
5	One of the best finds we had on our Vegas get-away. The staff is wonderful and the food was terrific.
5	Service was excellent waitress was very friendly my wife and I both ordered the filet mignon which was perfectly cooked we sat outside so you could not ask for a better view definitely worth the money in fact kind of inexpensive considering the quality of the food and the fact that it's directly across the street from the fountains at Bellagio
5	Yummy!  Great view of the  Bellagio Fountain show.
2	Second time here, there wasn't any wait to be seated for lunch unless you want to sit in the patio. We sat for 8 minutes before anybody acknowledged us, and as he took our drink orders he tried rushing us to order our foods as well. As we were ordering he had the nerve to walk away mid order and talk with his fellow waiter. Is this real life?About 5 minutes after he took our order we don't have our drinks, and we noticed that everybody around us had baguettes as soon as they sat down.Fast forward to around 25 minutes after seating, our table looks exactly as it did the moment we sat down. No drinks, no bread, no attention from any of the many waiters/food runner around the place.  I had to go hunt down our waiter and ask for some bread and water or something.. Anything.Finally the 34th minute of our dining experience we got our bread and drinks, and our food soon after. My steak sandwich was cut vertically? I thought that was weird, imagine going to quizno sub and getting your sandwich cut vertically in the middle.. The steak had NO flavor! The fries chips were delicious but the bread completely overpowers the meat in that sandwich. The tuna sandwich, macaroni, and quiche were delicious as well. Although I thought that somebody split salt in the tuna sandwich.Overall,Food: 7/10Service: 2/10
3	I went here for breakfast this morning and it wasn't particularly good considering the price ($18 after tax and tip).  They did have some pretty good table bread, which my girlfrind really seemed to enjoy.If you're hungry and looking for somewhere to eat then it's fine, we got seated very quickly at 11:30 on Labor Day Sunday.  Just don't really expect to get anything you couldn't make yourself.
5	Great service and a great meal!!
4	Good food. Attentive staff who take food alergias seriously. Fantastic place for breakfast in the enclosed patio you get the benefit of being outside while escaping the heat.
5	Everything here is delicious. I've never had a bad meal. Make sure to sit on the patio for a view of the fountains and great people watching!Some things we've had:Seafood crepeScallopsChicken & Brie sandwichSteak sandwichSalmon Salad
5	My husband and I visited Mon Ami Gabi in Vegas for the first time 2 Saturdays ago. It was during my 1 night/1 day surprise birthday trip, so we stopped in after seeing a comedy show that evening in hopes we'd have a splendid meal. Being that it was somewhat late, we were a bit limited as far as restaurant choices went. Normally we hit up buffets, but past 10 p.m. many are closed. So off to this restaurant we went.We LOVED it! We were seated right away, which was nice. They have outdoor seating and indoor, and we were inside, which I prefer. The ambiance was casual, but respectable. It wasn't hoity toity or uncomfortable, it was more fun and could be classified as 'an experience.' The lights were dim when we arrived, and candles were lit on each table. The place was still bustling when we were seated a little past 10.We were given a mini sized baguette off the bat, with butter and a pickled carrot salad plate courtesy of the chef. While our waiter was very much American, the few servers who brought food and water to our table appeared to be French, though I can't be positive if they actually were or if that is part of their job. My husband and I didn't understand some of things that were said to us until we gave it a few minutes of thoughtful consideration after the fact.... "Ohhhh, he said CARROT salad.. Oh okay. Man, I was so confused for a second. Now the world makes sense again."We started our meal with onion soup. I am a huge onion soup snob. My husband will eat anything labeled 'onion soup,' (including impostors from the likes of po' folk establishments and fast food joints) whereas I, personally, KNOW the proper production imparts a very specific broth color, and I know the appropriate flavorings required to be regarded as somewhat authentic onion soup. This, my friends, met my standards. The bowl was gigantic, so my husband and I shared it, and it was lovely. Onion-y, cheesy, bread-y...... Sigh.Onion soup... My Love.For our main courses (Because we're piggies*), he ordered a steak frittes entree, and I ordered a hanger steak frittes entree. Both of our meals arrived in a timely fashion, and came with a huge serving of their version of french fries. They appeared to be pieces of potato shaved off and fried. Crispy in some areas, a good chew in others. Well salted. The steaks were good, but I admit I make a better hanger steak at home. ---If you haven't tried a hanger steak before, also called a butchers cut, go to Whole Foods and get a couple. They are often lower in fat than other steaks, and they are soft and divine and easy to portion out. I make mine with a smoky spicy marinade, and it is amazing. Amazing like I almost cry when I take my first bite. Every time. "Oh my gosh, how did I make something so miraculous? Sniff sniff. It's like my hands are a gift from the heavens, and I was created specifically to make hanger steaks."--- Of course, of utmost importance in any civilized person's life is dessert. Basically, I plow my way through meals just to get to dessert. Sometimes, I order dessert for dinner when I go to restaurants, because that's how smart I am. Skip the savory, all that chewing ich! Let me eat cake!We ordered the "La Grande Profiterole." Or something like that. It was a puff-type pastry, filled with a rich vanilla ice cream, that comes with a vat of fudgy warm chocolate sauce. The server who brought the plate to us first poured a bit of the chocolate sauce on top of the dessert before exclaiming something I still haven't deciphered, and after he left, we poured all of the remaining chocolate over the top of the unfamiliar dessert. Chocolate sauce is to dessert what Ketchup or Tobasco is to dinner. Am I right??? I think that's on the SATs. You're welcome, high school kids. It was amazing! Delicious! Stupendous! Superb! Excellent! Decadent! Rich! Sinful! The pastry was light and clean, the ice cream was smooth and heavy, the sauce had a deep almost alcohol-infused flavor, though that's just my opinion. Great success!I cannot wait to go back to this restaurant again in a year. I will salivate as I daydream and relive the memories for the next 12 months. I recommend!PS - Our waiter was lovely. He was so polite and patient and efficient. And quite tall. *Despite our copious food intake, neither of us are unhealthy or pushing any limits with our bodies. We ride bikes for miles every week and eat pretty healthily at home. Yet, I still sleep on a pile of sugar. It's just so supportive.
5	Greeted promptly and seated. The ambience of the restaurant was cute. I think the patio seating would be a great choice when the weather is a little more pleasant. Enjoyed the strawberry brioche French toast, prefect touch of sweetness definitely not over bearing. Steak and eggs was tasty, this dish will fill you up.
3	Good view but okay food. I'd rather go to Bouchon in the Venetian for brunch if you want good brunch food. But they don't have the same amazing view. FOOD:Chocolate Croissant (4 stars): Flaky with a good amount of chocolate. Strawberry Vanilla French Toast (3.5 stars): Nothing too special. Croque madame (3 stars): Salty and it smelled weird. Pretty small also. Although I love their french fries, that was probably my favorite thing here.VIEW (5 stars):If you get a seat on the patio you get to watch the Bellagio Fountains go off every 15 minutes. Beautiful view. You also get to people watch and see people take pictures of every little thing!SERVICE (5 stars):Our waitress was really nice. She acknowledged our special occasion but we did not get anything complimentary. Basically you're coming here for the view, don't come for food, and don't come to sit inside. Inside was still nice but at least outside you have an outstanding view that balances the average food.
4	I had to write a review just to say their smoked salmon is to die for! A must try!! Food was delicious, we had an order of their oysters, smoked salmon, corned beef hash w/poached eggs and the steak bordelaise (bomb!), Only problem was that the service fell a little short (I'm guessing because it's LDW) but overall a great place.
5	Our favorite place on the strip.  Great food, great prices and great staff.  Especially Billy, Robert and Diego.  Thanks guys!  We like the bar counter next to the outside patio.  Always great service and get to hang out with locals. D & S
5	This place was amazing in every way! From my wait at the bar to the service for lunch, it was a great experience. Had a deliciously crisp cucumber martini made by the bartender at the front. I could drink those all friggin day.My friends and I ordered the goat cheese and escargot for appetizers. Both were very tasty. I ordered the seafood crepe for my brunch/lunch. YUM. It has a wonderful cream sauce on the inside with peas. You get three large shrimp and two large scallops. Both the shrimp and the scallops were wonderfully seasoned and cooked to perfection. DELISH. OH, and I almost forgot about the baguettes! SO YUMMY. I think the four of us polished off three loaves of that before we ate our entrees. We love our carbs, lol.The staff was very friendly, Service was on point. Food came out in a timely manner. Wish we had one of these in STL!
5	Went here with my boyfriend on saturday, really good!!Service was awesome!  Tomato summer salad was not what I expected, but I loved it!Great vegetarian options! The vegetable farcis was sooooo good. And my boyfriend loved his steak. We will be back.
5	I intensely love this place. This is only the second French restaurant I have eaten at, I love this place.1. Sitting on the patio is a very special experience. there are tiny little birds that hop around you trying to find bread crumbs. the patio is the epitome of romantic!2. I have never had fresher grapefruit3. Organic yogurt parfaits? YES PLEASE.4. Orange juice is magnificent. 5. Breakfast menu is just perfect. Goodness yes...I love breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi!
4	Great location!  We had breakfast here two times during our weekend in Vegas. I eat gluten free and the gluten free french toast is AWESOME! Seriously good. It's a wet french toast, with fresh whip cream and fresh fruit. REALLY GOOD!  Location is great right on the strip. You will have to wait for an outside table but we sat in the atrium which was open and sunny with a view of the action on the strip. Service was a bit slow but I would say both our waiters were experienced and professional. We watched the one deal with a difficult customer very well. I was about to tell the customer to take a hike but the waiter remained friendly with the jerk.  My wife had the waffles one day which she did not love. Had the french toast (non GF) the next day and she loved it.  Bread is definitely their specialty!  The breakfast menu was not huge but was quite broad.  Overall solid 4 stars and we will be back!
2	Little more than a restaurant that masks itself as a French restaurant but in reality is little more than French-ish cafeteria food. Good cafeteria food it may be, but calling it a French restaurant is generous. A friend and I both had different steaks that, for the price, I expected to be quite good. Instead, our cuts of meat were both mediocre quality and the "red wine reduction" I had with mine, resembled au jus more than a reduction. Would not recommend this place if you're used to real French food.
5	Great food. We frequent every 2 months or so. We really enjoy the location and the option for outdoor seating. Sitting outdoors puts you right in the middle of the buzzing strip action and a great view of the Bellagio water show.  I highly recommend the steak or a fish special. Moderately priced for the amount of food you receive.
3	Check in on labor day weekend for breakfast. Never a fan of a tourist spot restaurants but its always cool to try new things. Couldn't decide and my phone shut off from partying so hard to tell what to get aha. Had the steak and eggs and it was okay, coulda been better, 4oz steak was flat and small. Friends had seared tuna sandwich - it was huge but a lil too salty and old. And the special steak - which was really good. We were also in the middle room so it got a lil chilly from the wind blowing out. Definetly would like to try againn
4	Located inside the Paris Hotel.  Lovely ambiance, great service and awesome food.  Love their French toast with blueberry sauce and fresh blueberries even though the first time was so much more amazing than the second time.  They unfortunately cooked it way too much and it was quite burned the second time around but I was so hungry I didn't send it back.  :(. Their prime steak sandwich is actually super tasty. The slices of meat are very tender and juicy.  Love their dipping sauce.  My mouth is watering as I am talking about it. Also their chicken Brie sandwich is very yummy.  Good portions too so you could share.  Unfortunately haven't had a chance to sit and dine outside with the lovely views of the Bellagio fountain because the few times I went were extremely hot outside but I will once it starts to cool down.  They have such amazing bread & it's complimentary.  Be sure to have some but control yourself from eating the whole batch so you will have room for your meal.  ;)Very enjoyable experience!!!
5	I know it's a chain, but it's still one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!When my flight gets in late, no worries, this place is open late.  And the later you go, the better chance you have of getting a spot on or near the patio where you can watch the Bellagio fountains while you sip your glass of bordeaux and await the most delicious steak frites with bearnaise sauce and pureed cauliflower.  Pureed cauliflower, you say?!  It's absolute heaven!  I've gotten several others addicted to this stuff as well.  I'd almost make a take-out order anytime I was in the casino of just pureed cauliflower if I wasn't always in a rush!Love this place!  It will continue to be the first dinner I have every time I visit.
4	Found this place on the way to bouchon. It was 8:30 am, already hot, and the patio at The Paris was way too good to pass up! Not on any of the must-try lists I'd seen before I booked our honeymoon, I wasn't sure about the detour.  The doorway is divided by a velvet rope, for exiting and entering customers. On our way out at about 10am, I could see why.The bar and dining rooms are spacious and there's an atrium area next to the large patio, where most people were sitting. These were all good signs.The coffee is excellent, and the mimosa is the perfect strength. Off to a great start, I debated between the ham and cheese crepe  and the mushroom omelette. The omelette won since it included a fair amount of brie. My husband chose the strawberry and vanilla waffle, which meant I got to try some of that as well, love being married :).His waffle came with a saucer of freshly whipped cream, to add to the fresh strawberry slices already topping the waffle. Our omelette came with hashbrowns and toasted baguette slices. I also got butter and jam for the toast.I couldn't finish my half of the entrees, but they were both very nice! We were also given a dessert menu, but even my husband, after his breakfast and a half, couldn't eat another bite.The patio was gorgeous, perfect for strip-side people watching. I loved the decor as well. And on the way out, dozens of people were on the other side of the rope, waiting to be seated. Mon Ami is a great start to Vegas scale festivities!
4	I've been to Vegas so many times and walk by this place.... Finally got to try it for late dinner with friends. Have to say it was surprisingly pleasant. Ambience was nice   dim lighting, excellent customer service, and delicious food. Everyone raves how nice the patio seating is...I didn't get to dine on the patio . (Too hot!) Maybe on a cooler night. Food: We ordered a few appetizer... Smoked salmon, oysters, escargots.  All delicious and flavorful. Main dish I ordered caramelized sea scallops. Which I highly recommend. I did try my friends steak... It was tender and super tasty. finished off with house coffee... Loved it. Strong and sweet just how I like it  Will definitely try this place again.
4	Came here for a bachelorette party. Big group of about 25 girls. The restaurant arranged a separate section with a prefixed menu for us. $60 +tip/person for a 3 course meal (not including drinks). Arrangements were made ahead of time and finalized about a week prior. Very accommodating and great for holding special events with big groups. I ordered the following:- Warm Brie: AMAZING! Highly recommend! - Filet Mignon: Juicy & cooked perfect!- Chocolate Mousse: Creamy & delicious!Everything about the meal was perfect..right down to the veggies that came with the steak. My friend ordered the sea scallops gratinees. Tried that and also very good! Service was OK. Servers were very nice and professional. However the food could of came out faster. Although we were in a big group, this was prearranged so they should have been a little more prepared. Dinner was set for 8:45 PM but the first course didn't come out til an hr later. However once the first course was served, the rest of the food came out in a timely manner. Overall good experience and I will definitely be coming back. After reading some reviews I hope to get seating in the patio next time!
5	Took my BF for dinner here on Labor Day to celebrate his 30th birthday and had a memorable experience.We opted to wait 15min, though we had reservations, so that we could be seated in the pavilion. Worth the wait! The walls were opened up to a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains, but you still had the comfort of the air conditioned dining room and seclusion from the strip crazies walking past the patio.The entire front of the house staff was sweet and attentive, really provided genuine service. It slipped my mind to let them know it was my BF's birthday celebration since the real day was 2 days before, yet the service was as though they really wanted our night to be remembered. I let the server know and she said she'd take care of it.The food was amazing! Baked goat cheese appetizer was inspiring! Mussels mariniere was cooked perfectly! The baguette was perfect for soaking up all the extras. We each had a steak frites, he had the bone in rib eye and I had the bordelaise, a pounded steak with caramelized onions and red wine sauce. Both were delicious and we were unable to finish.We enjoyed our meal with a carafe of the "Frangia" which complimented each of our courses. Would've loved to try a dessert, but we were too full, so the complimentary profiterole for his birthday was perfect.Will definitely go again on our next trip! Can't wait to try their brunch!
4	A surprisingly chill (and delicious) place to drop in for a late breakfast on The Strip. Can't speak for it after dark, but assuming it probably gets a bit out of control. Will definitely consider it again for a morning pick-me-up.
3	This food was great and so was the view. The only reason why I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars is because of the service... Our server seemed bothered that she had to wait on us and was flat out rude the whole time.
5	I went here for brunch, and it was terrific.  The patio was nice and shady in the morning, the wait staff was friendly and kept our glasses full, and the coffee and mimosas were excellent!  I ordered a strawberry vanilla waffle with a side of bacon, my wife ordered a mushroom and brie omelette.  Both entrees were absolutely delicious.  The waffles were crispy, light, and sweet.  The bacon was cooked perfectly.  The omelette was something to be savored. Great menu, great atmosphere conducive to conversation, and great way to start a day on the strip!
5	We had breakfast here on our last morning in Vegas, and it was excellent.  Although it was busy, our server was fantastic.  We also lucked out with a great table in the area which is open to the sidewalk.  My husband had the eggs benedict special, which had sliced lamb shank in place of the more traditional Canadian bacon. He thought this was excellent.  He also had orange juice, which was good.  I had the mushroom omelette, which was excellent.  I loved the jam which was served with the accompanying toast.  I also had coffee, which was never empty, thanks to our server.  Both dishes came with breakfast potatoes/hashbrowns, which were good.
4	Eggs florentine are where the magic's at, waitress recommended a Brie/heirloom tomato version...impeccable. hash browns have the perfect crunch, coffee is good, not great. Sit in the 'glass room' and watch the water show. Overall, fantastique food in decent portions & good prices, visually stunning and beautiful french vibe.
4	I always wanted to try this place.  The location is amazing and of course you want balcony seating for the incredible Bellagio views.  What was really surprising is how great the food was.  The seafood lunch platter was absolutely steller.
4	The wait to get in was not too bad at all.  Once we were seated, the service was good and efficient.  The food is quite good, but I'm not sure it is worth what they charge.  You can be seated right on the strip in front of Paris Hotel Casino.  My and my daughter had dinner and a drink and it was a little over a hundred dollars.  I wouldn't go back just because the expense did not match the quality.  But, if you want to sit in a nice restaurant, eat good food and be on the strip, and you have some money to burn, this is a good place to go.  It is always busy, so make a reservation.
4	This is one of our favorite places on the Strip for a lunch or brunch. Great quality of food, great atmosphere and staff. Try to get a seat outside if the weather is not too hot. The extensive menu is sure to satisfy everyone's needs but I highly recommend the crepes and the eggs Benedict!We will definitely be back :)
4	It was okay... The eggs Benedict was bland but the hash browns were good. It was a nice atmosphere but the food is nothing special. I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 3 because the service was excellent!
5	Our favorite restaurant for steak.  This is one of few restaurants on the strip that I would recommend.  I'm usually one for variety but the filet mignon with red wine reduction is so good that I cannot bring myself to order anything else.
5	Overall a really great restaurant!I love the location, it's right on the Las Vegas Boulevard with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountain show. The food is delicious, I had the salmon and the Trout and both were excellent. Their sangria and their cocktails are FANTASTIC!Also, the bananas foster with ice cream in a crepe is just delicious. I love coming here, plus the prices are very reasonable considering the fact that you are getting a delicious meal on the Las Vegas Strip! Such a great place. I highly recommend checking it out. But if you do, make a reservation! They are always busy.
5	The muscles were out of this world along the best seats in the house - across from the fountains, refreshing coolness in the shade, and spicy bloody marys.
5	I loved having brunch here. I made reservations through open table and was seated quickly. The service was excellent and the food delicious. I tried the fruit bowel in a cantaloupe cup. It was actually on the breakfast menu & even though we arrived for brunch they had no problems letting us order it. If you go for a celebration they will also give you a cream puff with ice cream. This was the highlight of the meal. I highly recommend everything here.
2	I'm going to be one of "those" people and complain about this well-established and popular joint. I made us reservations so the wait was a non-issue. Our server was a true gentleman and was knowledgeable about the menu, so that was also not a concern. But the food was where I was a little bothered. First let me say that the bread and presentation is delicious and well-thought out, respectively. I was super excited to eat the Steak Frites, which is usually one of my favorite combinations, but very disappointed in the fact that they use grain-feed beef and are proud of it, as described on the menu. EW. As a quality meat lover and Paleo-enthusiast, I cannot support commercial farming by ordering that, sorry. As a result, I ordered fish, which I realize is a "no-no" at a Steakhouse. Under the circumstances (I was actually grossed out), I felt no other choice, and let's say I won't be ordering that again. The frites, which I did try, where totally not the way I imagined them to be, as they were a weird shape and not delicately fried like I hoped. Our starter was OK...the warm brie, but since I'm not a fan of hazelnuts, I wouldn't order that again, either.I hope I'm not insulting anyone in saying that you would only like this place if you're used to eating mediocre quality food. If you buy Organic produce and Grass-fed meat and hit the farmer's market for seasonal, fresh food, don't bother.
3	Not always what you pay is what you get. Because it's Vegas, the majority of restaurants go for, at the least, $25 per person. Here, price is equivalent to mediocrity. My party of 3 paid almost $100 (including tip) for thin steak, 4 scallops and a tablespoon of salmon tartar. I've been to France and portions aren't THAT small. They sat us in an area where we could view the strip. Nothing special. But at least the servers were friendly and consistently check on you.
5	This would get 5 stars if the fries were less like potato chips and more like frites.
5	I have been here a couple times and it never disappoints! I came here with a group of 7 girls this past Saturday for brunch. Since I was one of the only girls who's been there before, I recommended them try the escargot, of course, they loved it! It came with 6 pieces of escargots and we used the bread to dip with the remaining of the sauce, delicious! We went through 4 bags of bread haha.I shared my prime rib sandwich, and that was a good size. Even sharing it, i still couldn't finish my half, so I pulled out the meat and ate that instead of all the bread. The steak frites that came with it was my fave part of this dish. The most intriguing part was that it was like a cross between a fry and a potatoe chip. The rest of the girls got their own individual plates, and said that was too much food for one person, so I might recommend sharing a plate. We sat outside in the patio and there was a wonderful breeze, fun for people watching and you get a great view of the Bellagio water fountains from across the street. I definitely would come again and would recommend this place to anyone. Dinner would be best time to try this place, and make sure to sit outside.
4	We ordered snails for appetizer. The meat is tender and good to eat with baguette.My order was salad. Love toasted baguette added in the salad.Didn't try my friend's steak. Looks nice though
4	Love Mon Ami Gabi for Dinner. Maybe not the most interesting and eclectic Dinner menu in the village but very solid nonetheless - a menu full of all hits, no misses. Staff were very accommodating of our stroller, which makes a nice change for the area. Only complaint was over-attentive waitstaff clearing clearly unfinished meals away
4	Beautiful restaurant! Build your own bloody mary, authentic French cuisine, I loved it. I thought service was great, but it was the morning after a very long night so I was preoccupied. I will definitely go back again another time. I had the Salmon Tartare and it was was as good as you could expect. I really wished they had steak tartare, maybe that was on the dinner menu. The only complaint I would have is that the corner table in the pavilion room actually smelled like Paris a little bit (more authentic points!), which if you know Paris, it is a little stinky. A slight sewer smell but not enough to lose my appetite :)
4	Dinner reservation for 9 for a bachelorette party weekend. Not a long wait once we arrived, especially for a large group. Love the look/feel of the place. Really great patio seating and views of Bellagio's Fountains during dinner. I had the trout amandine (trout, almond slices, preserved lemon, French haricot vert green beans) for my main entree, the crusty bread was pretty good too. Others at the table went for the steak frites with different sauces, the seared scallops, and one end of the table split an appetizer. I'm glad I received a fairly large piece of fish; the seared scallops only came with four scallops total for the price. The steaks were generous but I didn't feel like red meat that night. Didn't opt for any dessert since we had to get to Drais by a certain time.
5	I had a business dinner there and it went great. The staff put us at a beautiful table on the patio and made sure there was no sun in our eyes so we could talk business. Great food too.
3	I came to Mon Ami Gabi for lunch with my mom and sister. We sat inside because the 100 degrees beating down on diners on their patio didn't sound appealing. Their restaurant is nicely designed because although we were inside, we weren't really inside because the cafe portion is open air leading out to the patio. I really enjoyed the luxury of both the air conditioning and  outdoor seating. Their menu had a good selection, but not many options. For my entree I chose the chicken, mushroom, and kale crepe. I imagined my entree to be a dinky crepe, but I was very wrong! The crepe was huge and delicious! I'm giving Mon Ami Gabi 3 stars because it is good, but not amazing. I would come back again.
5	Cappuccino in a bowl - my favorite!  Best for brunch over looking the fountains.  If it's not too cold outside, wait for outside seating. It's worth the wait!
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a great restaurant for a number of reasons: 1) the decor and warm, dark lighting inside make you feel like you're in a Parisian restaurant; 2) delicious French food; 3) outdoor seating with great views of the Vegas strip; 4) real French people serving you; and 5) fairly reasonable prices.However, the drawbacks are 1) they won't tell you how long the wait is if you call (ridiculous!); 2) the wait can apparently get pretty long.I came here on business, and had the goat cheese appetizer in a tomato sauce (it is AWESOME) and their most popular chicken dish without the bacon. Both were very good, but the appetizer stole the show. My waiter was French Canadian, so I practiced my high school French with him. Service was efficient, but not overly friendly or talkative - probably owing to how busy it gets here.THIS IS NOT A CHEAP $$ restaurant, unless you get one cheap entree. More likely, you are in the $$$ range. Just fair warning. That being said, for French food, it isn't obscenely expensive.
4	Delicious! ordered two steak frites, one with filet and both with Bearnaise sauce. The star should be the steak which was good but man I loved all the frites! I ordered my filet medium rare and I may just be being picky but it was more on the rare side. I still loved it either way!
4	We were here for a conference and had 18 for the "team dinner".  with  a big group it is more about service than food but was surprised food and service were suburb.  They suggested 6PM for the  reservation because of big group.  We were sat at very nice long table in the dining room so felt like on table, rather than a few just shoved together- did not feel awkward with big group.  They had dedicated wait person for out table -Very VERY good service ! which is usually hard w big group.  Dinner was great - food was well done, i had the steak w blue cheese - awesome !  simple but excellent.  They served all 18 at same time (9 waiters came out together).  I was " in charge" on picking ( add some stress :)  )and "big boss" said it was great choice (whew).  we did look out at outside seating - next time, wife and i r going to do that cause looked great
2	We came here for dinner.  The onion soup was excellent but the entree was not as good. We each ordered a steak and three of us wanted mashed potatoes instead of frites. All of us got frites.  I think it is inexcusable to serve three incorrect entrees. The waiter did bring the mashed potatoes after we complained. I am not sure why they ask how we wanted our steaks cooked as they are so thin you couldn't possible get a rare steak. Price was equivalent to mediocrity as we paid 27.95 for really thin tasteless steaks.I do have to say that the waiter was polite and efficient and the bernaise sauce was quite good covering up the tasteless steaks but I wont come back.
5	We had lunch at Mon Ami Gabi and it was a very nice experience. We made reservations for 12pm and we were seated promptly. We sat outside and enjoyed the view. The complimentary bread is nice and fresh. I had the Frangria which was delicious and refreshing. I ordered the small and got 2 glasses out of it. I ordered the Shrimp and Scallop Crepe and my husband ordered the Chicken, Apple and brie sandwich. Both were excellent and the pomme frittes were delicious and perfectly seasoned. We will certainly go back again next time we are in Vegas.
4	Ordered the daily special and steak Classique. Enjoyed our food, good service and the fresh hot bread is a fantastic starter.
4	I've been here a few times and I don't think it has ever disappointed me.  Mon Ami is situated right in front of the Eiffel tower, overlooking the water show at the Bellagio, with outdoor seating for those who love to people watch. During the summer nights, I would definitely recommend sitting outside and enjoying the warm breeze while you enjoy their delicious food.  Seriously, this is the perfect dinner spot. It's like a show and dinner type of dining experience.  There's always something interesting happening on the streets of Las Vegas that you're almost guaranteed to see something worth talking about over dinner.  Think you might run out of things to talk about during your dinner date in Las Vegas?  Bring your date here.On my recent trip to Las Vegas over this weekend, I ordered the jumbo crab cakes and the salmon and spinach salad. The salad was absolutely delicious!  Salmon was cooked perfectly and the dressing was mild and good.  The crab cakes were average.  Definitely not the best I've had and I definitely wouldn't order it again. Despite the crab cakes, my previous experiences have been good so I would probably go back on my next visit.
5	I don't think their is a better restaurant  in Las Vegas.  Frangria, steak, frites and watching the Bellagio fountains.
4	Features:-For Hors D'oeuvres, we had the Wild Escargots de Bourgogne.  The roasted snails with garlic-herb butter was so delicious, each escargot melted so softly in my mouth.  Do listen to yelp reviewers and order this!-We shared the filet mignon (3 of the 3 ounces) and it was delicious.  Although, I do recall that we ordered it to be medium rare, the meat came out nearly well done.  Regardless, the meat was still good.  This gourmet meal was well prepared.  Improvements:-I wish we got what we asked for (medium rare filet mignon).  -The bread was too hard, I had to peel it apart to eat the inside because it was scratching my gums.-Atmosphere is nice but a little too dark.Tips:-Make sure you try the escargot!-Make a reservation in advance to ensure a table.
5	Ate here last night, everything was great!  Had a steak, baked Brie and sangria's.  Great view of the bellagio's fountain show, if you site outside or close to the outside area.
4	Great French place for creeps, French onion soup, scallops, and salads! Had a little trouble this visit with loosing our complete order but they made it right!  Also, believe it or not, try their Sangria with Fresh french bread and Onion Soup!  The perfect concoction for a weonderful afternoon staring at the Bellagio Fountains!
5	Amazing- we had a working lunch at an outside table with climate control. Our server, Ryan, was professional, knowledgable, quick, humble, confident, a great listener and had a fabulous smile; and he served us quickly. Ironically, they messed up my order (granted- I asked for subs) but he fixed it promptly and it was so good, I would order it again. In case your curious- I got the fillet of grilled chicken, Brie, Granny Smith apples and caramelized onions with butter lettuce leaves instead of bread and a side of mixed fruit. I pared it with cold champagne and it was fabulous. My colleagues loved their meals as well. The view of people watching and the Bellagio was super fun too. I would highly recommend this place.
5	Best place in town for breakfast especially on patio views of strip. Love gigantic cappuccinos!  Delicious goat cheese and spinach omlette. Fresh french toasted bread. Professional wait staff!!! Fairly priced.
3	1st lunch in Vegas on 9/11/14.  Party of 4.  Sat outside and did have a view of Bellagio fountains.  Found the menu a little limited.  Loved the crepe; I believe I had the mushroom one.
5	For years now we've loved going to Mon Ami Gabi. We always hit this place for breakfast when we go to Vegas (3-4 times a year). I recently broke with my ham and cheese crepe tradition and ordere the french toast. ZOMG. This is the best french toast in Vegas (I've been on a crusade to find it).
5	Perfect view of the Bellagio fountains if you're lucky enough to be seated outside, or are willing to wait a few minutes at the bar for your patio table. Food and service were both outstanding, as usual. Waitress was very nice and attentive, but not overbearing. Noise level is obviously fairly high since the place is bustling 16 hours a day and the doors to the strip are open, but not 'STK' loud, if you understand that difference. Been here several times and have never been let down, for the price you will be hard-pressed to find a better place to eat in Las Vegas.
2	Great service- overpriced food :-/
4	I usually stop by here at least once for brunch when I'm in Vegas. It really is a great spot for dining. I got the chicken, apple and Brie crepe last time I went and it was delicious. The crepe was freshly made and the taste of the Brie, chicken and apple really complemented the dish as a whole. After my meal I will satiated and satisfied. I had one skinny mimosa which was good but it was also $11. The food is pricey but hey, when in Vegas..
5	I dine here every visit to Vegas.  The food is consistantly delicious and the staff is awesome.
5	My friend and I had to be in and out within 30 minutes. The Waitress was a star. She got us exactly that with pizzazz (friend caught her giggle as she passed by us since we were being so silly trying to eat everything within 10~15 minutes lol). They were also very understanding and accommodating even though we kept pushing our reservation back at the last minute. Food was very delicious, and this was very much noted amidst all the rush. Will definitely go back if I'm back in Vegas, this time with more time to actually savor the flavors.
5	My favorite meal in Vegas, especially for breakfast.  Ideal location across from Bellagio.
4	Good food in general, steak and veggies were well prepared. Didn't care for the fries, they were like greasy potato shreds and most unappealing. I thought it was a little pricey for what it was. Service was excellent.
5	I've been a regular here for a while.  When I say regular, I mean more like a "been coming here a few times a year" type of regular.  There's not much more that can be said about this place other than it's awesome.Service is consistently great, and the food is always very good and a great value considering the atmosphere.  I dove in to the bloody mary bar on my last visit, and though I'm not a huge bloody mary type of person, the selection of ingredients and selection of whatever quality vodka you'd like makes it something anyone can enjoy, as long as they're in to having a drink with brunch.  This is one of those most stop kind of places if you're a local and have some visitors in town for the first time.  The patio is nice, but really anywhere in the bar area is just as good and usually a much shorter wait if you're coming in on a whim.
5	Great dinner! Got a cream puff included for my birthday!
5	We went there with a couple locals and enjoyed the meal very much.  I had the Beef Wellington - something you don't see very often, and it was absolutely perfect.  Even the spinach that it came with was good, and I hate cooked spinach.Service was excellent.Only issue is the price - hefty, but by Las Vegas strip standards, it was a good deal.
4	food is still great but I've definitely noticed the quality of the coffee has lowered...
3	The service was top notch, both the bartender and waitress were very accommodating.  The oysters were as fresh as the staff recommended, however the main course and desert were completely lackluster.  The steaks were barely adequate, and my date's filet was tough as cardboard.
4	Really good food and excellent service! The terrace is really nice. The location is perfect, with views to the Bellagio fountains. We had the steaks with different sauces and they were all really good. The meat was cooked just like each one of us said they wanted it and the quality was really good. I had the sea scallops which were amazingly tasty! The only thing we didnt like was that our table was right under the air conditioning and some of us were cold. We asked the waitress to turn it down but she couldnt and instead, she brought some blankets. Totally recommendable!
1	This review is of our experience and not of the food (we didn't get that far). Had a reservation for lunch - this was a place I was super excited to try out given all the great reviews. We walked in and the whole place reeked of smoke, but it's LV so most things smell of smoke. We were passed off to the girl to seat us and she took us to the little greenroom/sunroom area which was was like a freaking sauna. I asked her to be seated somewhere more shaded and she points to the table next to this one and says we can sit there. Mind you, there is indoor seating, with people sitting indoors, and in the shade. I completely lost it - they had already asked my seating preference at the hostess stand, I had asked for indoor seating - she said sure and took proceeded to take me OUTSIDE.  I just sat because if I opened my mouth any further we were going to have problems. Our waiter approached, took our drink order and we asked for Sweet N Low - and were told that they don't have any - who doesn't have Sweet N Low??!! We, ultimately decided to just leave. Sweat was pouring down our backs and things weren't going well otherwise. Horrible, horrible service experience.......then we had to find somewhere else to eat on a Friday afternoon at lunchtime. Double angry now!
2	For a place whose specialty is steak, I had the toughest bone-in rib eye I have ever eaten. Too bad, as the rest of the meal was pretty good but no excuse for shoe leather like steaks at a steak house! My wife's' filet mignon was done nicely and the sides were decent but I couldn't honestly recommend this place.
2	We had lunch here with friends who were visiting. First, it was pricy...but expected, due to the strip location. The reason they get two stars is because the ambiance was lovely, service was just ok but the food quality was fairly lousy. The sangria was good as was the baguette they brought for appetizer. I ordered Quiche Lorraine (French Restaurant, right? Should be good). It was about 30 seconds from being burnt. It was so "well-done" the eggs were dried out. Portion was very small considering it came with about six potato chips on the side for $14 or $15. My husband ordered Macaroni Gratin. It was also dry and flavorless. He sent it back and ordered a hamburger, specified NO RAW ONIONS! It was cooked to order but raw onion on it and NO CONDIMENTS! The waiter dropped it and ran. Never came back to check on us. Finally had to grab another employee to get new lettuce and tomatoes that were contaminated by the onion and some condiments. Not in any hurry to go back.
1	My guest and I both ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot and at $37, we were anticipating a delightfully juicy cut of prime beef. Oh the disappointment when the first bite was dry, tough and full of tendons. We sent them back hoping for better. Sadly the next steak was just as poor in quality despite being seasoned, well seared and cooked to the right temperature. The manager eventually appeared and apologized as you would expect. Surprisingly he then admitted knowing about a problem with their meat provider's product quality. The biggest disappointment was that they still chose to serve these steaks in the first place. Perhaps the $$ should be $$$ and the current 4-star rating needs updating.
2	For what they're going for, and what they actually provide, they need to work harder.  It's good... but should be better.Big black hair in the food... very uncaring service... food was on the lukewarm side.  Sure, what I had was tasty (berry crepe with lemon creme), but everyone else had a very meh to bad meal.
2	I was SUPER psyched about going here for dinner.  Some dishes were excellent, like the french onion soup, the frittes, my filet mignon, and the FREE bread.  But some dishes really missed the mark: steak frittes (the skirt steak) and the mussels were inedible.  To top it off, the $30 corkage fee was excessive and the service was really really lackluster.  It really didn't feel like they cared about the customers.
5	excellent food.  had the filet-au poivre--perfect medium rare, with excellent taste.  Paired nicely with a great bordeaux.  Terrific service!
3	This place was okay.  The restaurant is crowded and loud.  So don't go if you are looking for a quiet romantic evening.  The cocktails were ok, not up to Las Vegas level.  Not a place to go if you are want to eat health either.  Everything has meat, cheese and is covered in oil.
5	This is my third time dining at this restaurant and we have went here twice during this trip in Vegas.  Once for dinner and the other for lunch the next day. The service is immaculate here and servers are always making sure we have everything we need. I had the steak frites au poivre.  Price was $27 for the entree which was very affordable.  The peppercorn sauce was very flavorful and wish I had a little more. We also had the chicken pate appetizer which was also very delicious as well.  We sat outside for dinner because there was a cool breeze that was very nice in the Vegas heat and it was fun watching people pass by. Recommend this place for families that want a nice dinner without having to get all fancied up.
4	Review for Friday LunchWe sat inside since it was quite sunny outside.  Their patio dining is First-Come, First-Serve, and when it's not HOT... it's great to sit outside and people watch. Sitting inside, it's quieter and cooler.My friend and I enjoyed a lovely leisurely lunch where we could catch up and gab and enjoy a wonderful lunch.  She had the mussels which came in a butter garlic sauce and that was truly lick-the-plate-clean worthy.  And I had the crab cake and a small side salad.  Perfect for a lighter lunch.  We also each enjoyed a glass of white wine.  (What's great is our server let us try the wine first before we decided we wanted a glass.  Not everywhere will do this... so this is a PLUS in my book.)They also provided French bread fresh out of the oven.  So much for trying to keep it light.  The bread was great for soaking up the mussel sauce/juice.  :)Service was professional, polite and just-right!  We never wanted for anything.  :)(By the way, they are open for breakfast too.)
3	They used to have the best cheese plate here.. what happened?
5	Always a gem to people watch and enjoy some amazing food on the heart of the strip. Recommend the Caramelized Sea Scallops and a glass of wine :)
4	The steaks, frites, fish, service and ambiance were wonderful. They let you sample the wines on the buy the glass menu which is a unique treat.  Watching the water works at the Belleville across the street while dining was the icing on the cake. This restaurant is a great Vegas experience. Reservations are a must as out is hard to get a table after 7.
4	We had a company dinner their so I am unsure of the price per person but it was good. The appetizer with various cheeses was really good.
5	We went on a Friday night around 9. We had to wait about an hour, but it was easy to wait around being at the casino. I had the half chicken plate, it was delicious. The food was great, or waiter was fast and friendly. It was a great atmosphere and great  food.
4	Breakfast here was my first meal in Vegas. The view is amazing if you can score a seat on the terrace but even if you can't the food makes up for it. I am a huge fan of kir royales and eggs Benedict for brunch. It's practically impossible to get an real kir royale (made with creme de cassis) in Hawaii, so of course I had to order it when I saw it on the menu at Mon Ami Gabi. It was perfection. I also ordered the smoked salmon eggs Benedict which was amazing. Hollandaise sauce was creamy and rich but not salty. (If I could put hollandaise sauce on everything I would) The English muffin was a tad on the chewy side but no complaints from me. My friend had the strawberry waffles which she liked, and the portion size was perfect. We weren't too stuffed but felt satisfied.
4	Review for Saturday Dinner.As a girl who lived in France for half a year, I had a lot of expectations for this restaurant, which were met but not exceeded. The restaurant has two seating areas, one inside - which is very reminiscent of restaurants in Paris, and the other is an inddor/outdoor patio with a view of the Bellagio fountains, which was really nice planning on their part. The ambiance was really nice and the dim lighting gave the restaurant a very romantic feel.Now onto the food. Like I said, I lived in France for little while so I was both really excited and really nervous to try this place - excited because I love and miss authentic French cuisine and nervous because I know what many dishes are supposed to taste like. The waiter gives each table a fresh baguette in a paper bag along with creamy butter and carrots, all of which tasted just as I remembered while I was living abroad. For our appetizers we had the warm brie and the escargot, both of which were delicious! The only criticism that I have was that the escargot was already out of the shell, but I am pretty understanding as to why that was. For escargot newbies, dip the bread in the garlic and butter sauce for an excellent and flavorful bite! We paired these dishes with the COTES DU PROVENCE (Le Provencal), a rose from the southern part of France (which is known for their rose), and it was great.For my main course I had the Chicken Grandmere (or grandma's chicken) which was very simple, but tasty. I would definitely come here again, but maybe for breakfast.
5	This is a must for a great French breakfast.  Sit in the patio area.  You'll love it!!
5	Ridiculously good! From the skate fish to the escargot. Top notch, top notch! The steak au poivre was delicious too.
4	Wonderful experience, great service and exceptional food.  Only reason I did not give 5 stars is it is geared towards tourists, like everything is in Vegas. We went for a special dinner, to celebrate a special event... it just lacked the "wow" and "over the top" I was hoping for
5	We had our wedding reception in the Cafe Halle room (private dining room) at Mon Ami Gabi this past Saturday (9/27). They did such a great job. I was worried about how it would turn out considering it was a destination wedding.  The communication between our event planner, Dusty, was exceptional.  Every time I wrote her an email or called her she replied or answered within an hour or so.  The food was delicious!  We had our guests choose between the filet, salmon, or chicken and one of my guests (who is a professional chef) said it was the best wedding reception food he had ever had. They were able to set up a projector so we could do a slide show.  They also included a bottle of champagne for my husband and I to enjoy after the event.  The room was a good size for our group (we had 25 guests).  It is too small for dancing or live music, so if that is important to you this place may not work.  We chose to have a luncheon reception at 3pm versus having a dinner for two main reasons.  First off, the luncheon food and beverage minimum is half that of the dinner minimum.  Second, 3pm vegas time is dinner time on the East coast (which is where most of our guests came from).  We were able to customize our menu and select dinner entrees instead of lunch entrees.  Pricing was very fair and accurate.   We were very happy with how everything turned out and I would not hesitate to recommend them as an exceptionally excellent venue for a smaller (less than 30 guests) wedding reception!
3	Before hitting the road to return home, my family and I decided to have our final Vegas meal here at Mon Ami Gabi.  It was an adorable french style restaruant with an outside dining area that was identical to the parisian sidewalk cafes.  It was packed so we ended up sitting inside, which worked out well since we were hungry and had no time to waste waiting on an outdoor table.  The menu had a couple of different items that looked appetizing, such as salads and sandwiches, but I decided to order the Quiche Lorraine.  When the food came out, my quiche looked fluffy and delicious. It tasted great and I had no complaints, but my sister was a different story.My sister ordered the same thing as me, only her quiche was flat and over cooked.  When she cut it open the inside looked nothing like my fluffy, yellow, perfectly cooked pie.  She ended up sending it back and ordering another one, which was much better but still not quite on par with mine.  Aside from the quiche issue and the fact that it took a while tor our food to be delivered, we enjoyed our time there.
5	Very friendly, attentive staff, great food and venue. Outdoor patio is always packed so be ready to wait if that's your desired seating. We opted to sit inside which they sat us down very quickly. Definitely recommend it
5	Great for sunday brunch, really lovely outside seating reminds me of being in Europe. The food is super good and the staff really nice!
4	Great atmosphere IF you sit outside or the sun room. The indoor dining was so dark and cold.The coffee was bitter or old we had to return it.The eggs Benedict was amazing. They must use grass fed butter. Holy moly! The French toast was made out of magic bread! I couldn't wrap my head around it. Amazing !
4	Two things I can recommend from Mon Ami (1) Baked Goat Chees App (2) The French Sangria both will leave a lasting impression. Oh and the view on the outdoor patio beautiful especially with the Bellagio show in the back round.
1	Wherever you are, eat where locals eat... this is not one of them...service is terrible,  and food is a long way from being 100% French... just another tourist trap....
4	The food and service here was great. We all enjoyed our meals. Awesome view of the Bellagio fountains from the patio. Fresh Baguettes were amazing. Friendly helpful people working there. Would recommend.
4	Went for lunch and we had the Quiche Lorraine and lobster roll. Food was very good, and prompt. Service was a bit slow, but tell yourself you are in Europe and savor the longer experience. If weather is good, try to get the outside patio. You will get a view of the Bellagio water show and lots of people watching on the strip. Heads up that they not take reservations for the outside seating, indoor only, it is first come first serve.  Also of note, they were offering a gluten free menu for those with allergies or sensitivity.  Not sure what was on it, forgot to ask to see it, but it was listed on regular menu.
3	My fiancee and I went there back in May when we were in Vegas. The food was incredible! The only downside was our service. We were both out of water for awhile and, despite the fact that there were server assistants walking by us with water pitchers and one looking right at us and our table as he walked by, we went about 15 minutes with nothing to drink.
5	Best Eggs benedict I have ever had, on the patio with mimosas watching the Bellagio Fountain Show - it does not get better than this for a upscale breakfast.
5	One of the fanciest and prettiest breakfasts that I ever had (Instagram friendly), make sure to get there early to get a table outside. Went there twice during our stay in Vegas and definitely coming back next time. Quite on the pricey side but reasonable for what you get!
4	Pretty good for a hotel restaurant (Paris) with a few locations.  We had a fabulous meal for our family -- scallops, steak frites, seafood platter, wine, escargots.  Great bread with a carrot/ginger/honey spread.  Only drawback was our table right next to the very loud bar.
5	Mon Ami Gabi was one of the only places on my list of "must do" restaurants in Vegas. We ended up getting up quite early and I wanted a good, quality, tasty breakfast that wasn't going to be served in its wrapper. We got a cab down to the strip and headed to Mon Ami Gabi.This place is attached to Paris so of course it has the requisite french theme. Service was prompt and we were seated on the already pretty full patio. It was nice to be able to sit and people watch as we had our breakfast. This is one of those places where the waiters are dressed impeccably, there are white tablecloths and napkins, and condiments are brought to you in their own tiny dishes, instead of bottles, etc. Lovely experience.I ordered the mushroom omelette, which had brie cheese on the inside and came with super crispy hash brown strings, and a piece of brioche with cream cheese and jam on the side. Everything was perfect - the omelette was INCREDIBLE. I can't say I've ever enjoyed something for breakfast that much. Melty, oozy brie cheese inside the omelette.... man, mouth is watering just thinking about it. The crispy hash browns were great, but my boyfriend would have preferred his less crispy (he's nuts, crispy hash browns all the way). I had a glass of juice and a tea and both were very good. Our meal wasn't rushed, the servers weren't all over us. It was very much so as though we were dining on our own, which was a nice way to start the day.Overall, this was an incredible meal and I wish we'd come here at least one other time to try some of the lunch or dinner options. This is a must for me the next time I go to Vegas and it should be on your list too.
5	I know what you're thinking 5 stars for a semi chain restaurant. Its unusual, but hear me out. I came here as part of a fairly large group that had made reservations. This was a work dinner and since everyone on the team is in different parts of the country, this was basically one of the few times we'd get to see one another. Needless to say, this led to quite a bit of moving around, seat changing and just general rowdiness on the part of our group. Our server could not have been any better. She had one of those incredible memories. All of our dishes came out at the appropriate temperature and all at the same time and were served to the correct people. This is quite a feat when you have a party of 20 people and the rest of the restaurant is packed. I opted for the half order of mussels, some frites and a glass of rose . My mussels were cooked exactly how I like them. The white wine/shallot sauce was divine. I could've imbibed it as a cocktail. My only complaint is that i was served a couple of mussels that still had some of the beard left. I know how hard they are to clean, so I'll let it slide. The frites were the yummy, thin, Parisian kind. My boss was sitting across from me and he had steak and frites. When i looked up from my plate, he was nearly done with his. The menu included things for the pickiest of eater and we were served with a great attitude and smile. Those things cannot usually be said about most restaurants in Paris.  We all left with full bellies, empty plates and smiles on our faces. Overall a successful evening.
5	Service was excellent.  Quiche was delicious.  Pomme frites are the best I've ever eaten.   Loved the atmosphere and location.  Would highly recommend when visiting Las Vegas!
4	Big Steaks! Get it with the fries. Nice decor. Gets packed. Make reservations and you can go ahead of the line. Best way.
4	Had lunch here today and say on the patio. The location was great, the view was perfect, the service fantastic. Our server's suggestions were excellent. My table got the wan goat cheese which was delicious, the warm chicken and Brie cheese (could have used more Brie) Salmon and spinach salad, quiche, and lobster roll.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal. I would definitely return.
4	Not a bad experience to date.  Though, reservations wouldn't be a bad idea.Order the carafe of St. Germain spritzer!  It's good with your starters.  The baked goat cheese is rich... richly EXCELLENT!  And you can't go wrong with french onion soup here (which accommodates two).Once your main course hits, the Duck a L'orange, filet merlot, short ribs, bone-in ribeye and the seafood platter have all been high hitters.  All things considered, the prices aren't too steep for the bonanza about to crash land on your taste buds.
4	Great wine list, get the salad with the poached egg, food is stellar, get outside seating during the fountain show.
5	My favorite breakfast in Vegas! You have to sit outside! Can't get reservations for outside...inside only. But, it's well worth the wait. Have the ham & cheese crepes! Wow...and the best coffee in town! I could eat there every morning. Perfect atmosphere on Strip, attached to Paris.
5	Gluten Free Bread, Gluten Free French Onion Soup, even gluten free escargot ... Ask for it! Amazing! & very encouraging to find this kind of attention to detail at a Las Vegas Casino Restaurant. The Paris has a real gem with this French restaurant.  Our waitress was Susanne & she says she has been with this restaurant since they opened. Well she was absolutely phenomenal.  She substituted whipped cauliflower and green beans almandine for frites (French fries) for a small up-charge. Ask for Susanne and be delighted by her knowledge, consideration and recommendations!  The steak was perfectly cooked and very tasty.  The escargot were very nice size, gluten free, made with fresh garlic and very buttery.  We had a great time at this restaurant and All we can say about Mon Ami Gabi is Merci.
4	This is a great value for Vegas!  The location is hard to beat and patio seating is even better.  The chicken liver pate was excellent, especially on the fresh and warm baguettes they bring to the table.  Scallops were pretty good, overall a great experience.
4	Our first stop after landing in Vegas and checking into our hotel was to find some lunch.  We had no particular plans where to eat, just knew we needed something asap.  The Paris was relatively close to our hotel, saw the strip-side seating of the Mon Ami Gabi and thought it looked about as good as any other place.Service started out a little slow.  We were seated, and then waited a bit longer than expected for the server to come by.  However, our meal made up for this minor issue, as everything we both ate was very delicious.The free crusty bread was amazing.  Could possibly have something to do with the fact we were starving, but the bread, quite literally, was the best thing we'd ever eaten.  Okay, maybe not the best, but it was pretty dang good.I decided to order the Chicken and Mushroom Crepe topped with kale and brie.  A very hearty portion, and super satisfying.  The flavor was reminiscent of the very best comfort food you can imagine.  A pure pleasure to eat.  Everything went well together, and all ingredients had a perfect balance.My husband got the Classique Steak Frites with maitre d' butter.  His hangar steak was cooked perfectly, and the frites were something special.  We've seen many frites entrees that looked like they opened up a bag of frozen french fries and threw in the deep fryer.  But these were like a chip/fry hybrid.  Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  Definitely homemade, or if not, they chose a wonderfully unique product.I recommend Mon Ami Gabi with two thumbs up.  I'd have no reservations about eating here again one day.  Was a great start to our last Vegas trip, for sure.
2	When Mon Ami first opened it was actually pretty good. I most recently went for lunch and was not pleased that it had been turned into a glorified Chilis. The waitstaff has all the flare and service standards down but they are clearly working in a churn-em out place. Several items listed on the menu were clearly for the Chili's crowd as they are NOT in line with French food. The location and view are great. If you do not go to gourmet restaurants and think Applebees is fine for dinner, you will like this place. If you want gourmet- go to Bouchon instead.
1	Can't make reservation for My uncle's bday and specially with all the folks and They made me wait for over 20mins for party of 9ppls and then tell me to wait another 2 hours again for seating at the patio !! Worst service ever !! Specially the host + the manager !! They serviced us the bday cake without took it out from the cake !! They need to get a little more training for customer service !! And can't believe even we spent $600 over here with 18% tip included but don't get a little good service !!! Never go back again!!!!
3	Food was typical overpriced Las Vegas. Service was good
4	Great brunch food!!! Great seating outside... wonderful customer services.... next time im on this side of the world I will return. ...
4	Love it, loved it. First of all my server was amazing. She was so attentive...and I was alone ..usually single tables get ignored but she was on it. I cannot remember the name of my dish because she said it really quickly then described it for me....here it goes: english muffin with a thin slice of london broil, poached egg and hollandaise sauce. yummmm....Wasnt too expensive...my meal was $16 ...because I chose the most expensive item. Coffee was $4 but amazing.
4	Came here for breakfast and I left very happy with my overall experience.Frankly you can give this place 4 stars simply for its amazing location right on the strip across from the Bellagio fountains.  The view here is great and the fact they keep even the outdoor area cool with huge blasts of AC is an accomplishment in of itself.The breakfast chow was pretty decent.  I had a simple ham and cheese omelet and it was good.  A nice side of potatoes helped round out the meal.  But the real attraction for me was being able to simply sit right on the Vegas strip and take in the nice street view across from the Bellagio.  Nothing is more relaxing than sipping my morning coffee while soaking in the surroundings.If you want something classy and somewhat refined as opposed to the usual craziness of the Vegas strip, definitely pay a visit here.  The food isn't cheap but the experience is worth the price.
5	went here with some girlfriends for dinner. The atmosphere is fun. The food was delicious, on time, and properly made. We had 2 bottles of champagne. Everything was reasonably priced. I also have sat outside for brunch a few times, yum! great mimosa's and eggs benedict. Servers were polite and all staff was courteous. this is a place I always suggest when friends or family are visiting vegas :)
5	This place is great. The food is good and the service is pretty outstanding. Definitely try the escargots!
5	Made a RSVP for 11.30, got there early looking to sit on the patio on this beautiful day.  The hostess were friendly and seemed like they were happy to be there. They were happy to oblige on a patio table, perfect for people watching and the Bellagio fountains across the way.  Chris greeted us promptly and offered the breakfast menu as an option. We were happy for the breakfast option, although lunch was what we mainly ordered.We frequently visit Mon Ami Gabi and every time we come here, the service is wonderful, the food is consistent, and ambiance is awesome. Chris made our visit, this time, very welcoming, which compelled us to review this visit. He joked with us, very attentive yet unimposing, he even poked fun at my Lover's Chicago Cubs team, rightfully so. A nice touch to personalized service and interaction with his guests, not just with us, but all of his tables, we truly appreciate that!! We also noticed Chris being a definite team player, not just servicing his tables, but cleaning and resetting his own and the other tables around him.  Bravo Chris, we'll definitely will be back to see you!
5	Great place for lunch on a pretty afternoon.  Excellent service and food.  Love it! :-)
2	What a joke. Ordered the blueberry waffles. Comes with blueberries on top must have come out of the freezer so needless to say waffles cold. 2nd order comes out, blueberries on the side still cold put some butter on it and it was whipped butter it didn't even melt.  But the date glazed bacon was good !!
2	4 stars for atmosphere and service. If you can get a table on the patio, you have a perfect view directly across from the Bellagio fountain. It's really pretty and romantic if you're into that sort of thing. I ordered some appetizers (which were great) and the cold seafood platter for two. I was beyond disappointed in the dish. The lobster tasted awful, nothing tasted really fresh. Oysters were a major disappointment too. We should have complained after the first few bites, but didn't want to cause a scene. May return and try something different, but the other main dishes our friends ordered weren't much to write home about either.
5	Delicious!!!! Loved it and excellent service
5	My husband and I went for lunch on a Sunday.  Had a beautiful table and the food was delicious!  We shared a carafe of their sangria;  I had the quiche Lorraine and my husband had the steak classique.  Would definitely go back!
5	The house blend coffee was awesome.I tried salmon poached egg and waffles both delicious.The server was nice and social i know some people don't like it when servers talk but i am opposite i like them to be social and friendly.Unfortunately there was a line to sit outside so we sat inside still nice cozy corner we could talk and hear each othet
5	5pm reservation, but immediate sitting out on patio. Saturday eve, busy as hell on the strip and additional sitting on the patio resulted crowded feeling. Thumbs up to servers maneuvering between the tight space. Nice place to people watch, but not exactly romantic until sun goes down and Bellagio fountain light up, people start to migrate into clubs and casino. Food is divine, service attentive, price affordable, comfortable atmosphere.. First time I tried stingray, fantastic. Deliciously seasoned salmon. Luv their cappuccino. If this place was off of strip, I would come here every month.
5	Anytime I'm in Vegas I have breakfast here. I order the same thing Blueberry French Toast and a cappuccino in a bowl. I have never been disappointed and the service is great. I will definitely be coming back!!!
4	I am so happy I had the chance to eat at Mon Ami Gabi during my 1st trip to Vegas. We arrived for brunch on a Wednesday and waited only 15 mins for an outside table...perfect for people watching :) I ordered the Quiche Lorraine and it was delectable. Super flaky crust and perfectly baked egg-custard inside. My tummy misses this dish! I'm excited to try dinner during my next trip.
5	Five star rated experience. Colby is the official best waiter I have ever had in my entire life. The escargot is highly recommended by me. It's buttery and flavorful and will melt in your mouth. The rib eye and Filet Mignon Merlot (medium well) are a must. Also, get the Riesling from France. Perfect meal in every single way.
5	Excellent! Brunch and Lunch are both great! Haven't ever tried dinner here, but the brunch menu and lunch menu are excellent. Chef knows their stuff! Everything was super fresh! I did try the Seafood Platter with all the oysters, shrimp and crab - it was awesome, can definitely split it between two and have plenty to eat! Mushroom soup, rocks!
1	The attitude of the host stinks really badTold us half hour wait turned out to be one hour . Avoid waiting there
4	I was impressed by the service here. Staff are observant, even those not serving you directly, and offer nice things like hanging up your coat, and touching up your to-go coffee before leaving.I ate breakfast here and our server was willing to accommodate our substitution request. We had the oatmeal, scrambled eggs and bacon, and fresh fruit. I would avoid the fresh fruit as it's a lot of melon, kind of like a continental breakfast fresh fruit.The oatmeal is steel cut and well made. We asked them to put apples and bananas in the oatmeal. All in all, I'd like to come here when I'm not watching what I eat and order their crepes or waffles or some other dish that is more French inspired than oats.I would definitely come back and given them another shot. Beautiful patio seating and is wonderful on a comfortable day. Come here around 7/8am before the crowds. Much quieter and enjoyable this way.
5	Really liked this place. Although it is a corporate chain, it did not feel that way at all. The service was top-knotch, the food looked and tasted great, and the bread was warm!  Add to that, the view of the Strip, and you have a great dinner before or after Jersey Boys! Well done, management!!
5	One time I was in Vegas with some friends and we had one of our dinners in this restaurant. There were 4 of us. The ladies who I was dining with are all extraneous about their figure, but they wanted still to enjoy a wonderful meal. First my best friend ordered her food and she wanted her meal to be cooked without oil. I was thinking, ok here we go, some complicated orders... The other two ladies told the server that they would order one filet and wanted to split it, and one wanted hers cooked medium and the other wanted hers medium well, and also cooked without oil. By this time I was hanging my head in shame and became nervous that the server would protest in some way. He said, "that's the best idea I've ever heard, excellent choice." He made us, especially the ladies, feel like they were on top of the world, and that we smelled like a bouquet of roses. I returned a year or 2 later, but to the restaurant upstairs. After the server took my order, all of the sudden, by the way I was feeling, I recognised the sensation. Again, I was at the top of the world, I was the best customer ever, and I smelled like roses. Impeccable, outstanding service from both Paris Hotel restaurants.
5	Love their french onion soupLove their sea food platterLove their oystersLove their wine selectionLove sitting on the balcony on a warm evening night people watchingCheers.
5	Well, it was a Saturday night. I expected I'd be waiting for awhile, but believe it or not, there was no trouble accommodating me. I spoke with a manager there, and it turned out he was from my state(I live in Illinois, but happened to be visiting for the weekend), and took the time to ask me not only about my experience, but about my trip, my overall feel of the city, if I'd intended on visiting that restaurant again, and thanked me for stopping in. The man behind the bar, and I feel awful for not getting his name, he treated me like a true VIP. I ordered a Unique drink, one which many establishments might not offer, but they had it and it really "lifted my spirits" :^) In closing, I'm glad I chose this joint. The ambience has to be among the best in the nation and I absolutely feel the level of service I received is the best I'll ever have.Thanks for making my night special, Mon Ami Gabi. With love, from Illinois
4	I highly recommend reservations although if you want to sit outside on the patio, it is first come, first serve.The service is pretty good although the table next to us found it to be lacking.  I had the steak and frites which was cooked well.  Drink selection is pretty good as well.  The atmosphere is very dark and quaint- perfect for a nice night out before a show.
3	came here because of the reviews, so of course I wanted to try this place.  I made a reservation online and I suggest you do that before coming because there was a wait when I came during lunch.  ordered: pesto escargot - the pesto was really good but I didn't like the escargot.  it was too soft.  I thought it would be a little bit more chewy or something.  merlot steak frites - I didn't really like this dish.  the steak was skirt steak I think?  so it was pretty thin and not of good quality.  kind of chewy.  the Merlot sauce was good though.  I also tried a piece of the classique steak and it was pretty plain.  Merlot is better.  I also liked the thin fries it came with! yummie. I love fries.
5	Great attention to service, excellent food and Gianna was wonderful and kind. The eggs Benedict are life changing.
3	Warn me next time not to ever ever sit in the patio outside late morning in October.  If you want to sit in the outside patio, I suggest you do it early morning or night.  The reason is that not all tables have covering and when sunny in Vegas, it just beats down on you.  The hostess can not guarantee if there is covering for you or not.  Our reservation was 11:30 am and we sat on the patio.  The sun was beaming on me and by time we ended, I was sweating.  Service was alittle slow and when I got my food, I just wanted to eat it so fast and go cuz who wants to eat when sweating.   I got the croque monseir and the cheese on it was melting in the sun so bad.  Granted in October the heat was not as bad as it would be in the summer, so I don't know how anyone would eat out there in the summer.  We also shared a salad with shaved asparagus and thought it was ok.  Thought the price did not justify the portion or taste.  I do like the bread they gave us while seated.  Other than that, I was not really  impressed.
4	Having lived in France and visited numerous times, I would say Mon Ami Gabi is a French bistro style restaurant.  Bistros have limited menu choices, the items are usually simple, and the service tends to be quick and efficient.  The food here is decent, although a bit inconsistent at times.  But the service was anything but quick or efficient.  After we sat down it took a long time for them to take our order.  Once our orders were taken, it was 30 minutes before our country pate arrived, a dish that requires minimal preparation.  It was another long wait before our main dishes came.  My steak frites was generously portioned, cooked to my liking, and very flavorful.  My gf's seared scallops though were overly charred, and left a burned taste in our mouths.  Now despite the slow service, and the mishap on the food, here's why I'm giving them 4 stars --- the staff and management really took care of us.  When I made a complaint to my waiter about the scallops.  He had it replaced quickly.  Then the manager came out to apologize personally, and comp'ed the appetizers and the glass of wine.  I think that kind of attention and care to your customers is very rare these days, especially from a big and busy restaurant on the strip.  So I think they deserve a compliment for that!
5	I have been here at one time or another for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Each time, the food has been incredible.  The service has always been tremendous.  The people that give this place bad reviews have no clue as to what good French food is.
4	Right outside the Paris hotel and next to Miracle Mile.Didn't get much food, but I can tell I already love this place.Came in for a quick coffee & pastry run before heading to the airport.Service was nice and fast.Total line out the door by 10am on a Sunday.Everyone wants to sit outside but if you're okay with sitting inside, you can get seated faster.The croissant and muffin were excellent.  Parisian bakery.  Coffee was awesome.  Service was so nice about getting a to-go cup for a coffee refill.  Highly recommend.Want to come back here for a longer and proper breakfast next time!
4	The food was good but Vegas overpriced. That is to be expected, I suppose. Overall we enjoyed the quick dinner we had before the show we were going to see. The service was excellent!
4	Came here on Sunday October 26 around 12:30pm for brunch and as a Las Vegas local I was actually impressed!Great table service.  Tasty Food.  Great atmosphere.  Great views (from the patio).The hostess had an attitude (if I was a manager and saw this I'd fire her) we were told the wait for outdoor patio seating was about 30-45 minutes and that we could not take the buzzer very far.  We ended up waiting about 15 minutes and played some of the machines, why they don't have more seating for guests to wait is beyond me.We were seated one row back from the edge of where the patio meets the strip, I asked if  we could sit at a table that was clearly open along the railing and the hostess moved us over there right away.Our sever, Emily, was PHENOMENAL.  One of the best servers I've encountered in Vegas.  She recommended a great seafood appetizer (mussels), a tasty brunch item (corned beef hash) and delicious mimosas.  All of the food was tasty!  My only con is that it did seem to take a bit longer than normal to finally receive out entrees, but the flavor made up for it!The entire time we had a front row view to the Bellagio water fountain show just across the strip.  It was also a prime spot to people watch, which in Vegas it gets VERY interesting.  BE WARNED that on the patio it does get a bit warm sitting in the sun, even in October.  They do have umbrellas to provide shade, but as the sun moves you begin to have no control over the shade as there is really no room to move the umbrellas.All in all my girlfriend and I had a great experience and we will be going back again in the future!
5	Excellent food and great service. We were seated inside promptly. If you want to sit outside, I recommend reservations.We'll be back.
4	The lobster tail in the seafood platter was excellent, as was the guacamole ceviche. The steak came out well done even though I ordered medium rare, but the waiter resolved it pretty quickly. The food was worth the wait.
5	One of the best views in Vegas!  Patio seating across from the Bellagio fountains.  Classic french with a flair for the moderately expensive.  Breakfast is best, lunch is luscious, and dinner, well dinner is downright dreamy.   Try anything, I just think you cant go wrong.  I have had the soups, sandwiches, breakfast eggs benedict with Smoked Salmon, the salads, the steaks, the drinks.  They have it all.  5 star stuff. Bring wallet.
4	Yummers! My gfs took me here for my bday a few years ago and I have to say I had a great time. I was a little skeptical at first because I had been here, and passed by this place many, many, many times and never really saw anything too exciting about it. In fact I thought it was a chain so I was pretty turned off with the whole idea of going here.However, it was my bff's fave place ever, so who am I to argue ... :) I was really shocked that its very romantic, dim, dark, but fancy in here. I enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was great. They definitely make a great and well priced french style steak here with the extremely thin cuts and the perfectly almost grate-like fried onion pieces on top. The location is fantastic and overall I recommend it for a big group (as we had) or a nice romantic tuck away kind of dinner especially if you're craving steak but don't want to spend CUT prices.
2	Food was sub par. I ended up ordering a salad after trying my wife's steak. Our server seemed to want to get rid of us from the get go. After we ate and had desert she was no where to be found. Sub. Par.
2	Dined here last Friday night (10/24) with friends for a 40th birthday party.  Table for 10.  The food was 50/50, and priced accordingly but the service was all but non-existent.  Ordered items missed and/or served under or over cooked, no checking on drinks, and no quality checks.  Just like the Eiffel Tower restaurant in this hotel, this establishment goes in the "poser" category - a place with the facade of a high-end food experience with the reality of an Applebees. I discussed the evening with the shift manager...she took the automatic 18% tip off of the bill then told us that we "were only hurting the servers" (out of guilt, we tipped back about 10%).  So to sum up:- Mediocre food- Bad service- Management that makes YOU feel guilty for their shortcomings.With so many other great places to eat in Vegas, I recommend giving this place a pass.  None of us will be back.
2	The service is terrific here.Food-Chicken moose pate was good.Steak, asked for medium and got well done. Texture and flavor was not all that.Scallops, horrific! Texture and taste, worst ever.Red apple martini, very delicious.For over $80, it's hurts!
5	This is easily one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas. You can get a delicious steak experience without having to pay super premium steakhouse prices. I love the filet with the red wine reduction. My brother loves the filet with bernaise. My parents love the french onion soup. The fish was just okay, but go with the steak and you will be a happy camper. The thin cut fries are also rave worthy, especially once they get lathered in that great red wine sauce. Yum. They are crispy though before the lathering, don't worry.For dessert, the chocolate mouse is excellent, with little chocolate crisps thrown in for texture. However, my favorite is their profiteroles. I believe their vanilla ice cream is home made, and if it isn't they must source the best damn ice cream company around. It is also rave worthy. Added bonus, you can sit across from the Bellagio fountain show and enjoy some pretty snazzy ambiance. The service has been inconsistent, ranging from really good to terrible, but the food is just so good. 5 stars.
2	I made the reservation and noted it's for the 7 star player's birthday.But the whole service was poor and fell below my fair experiences here in the past and upset my first-timer guest. The hostess is new and never wore a smile on her face, no greetings and NO conversations on the way to our table. I asked her the information about the seats, and she told me she is new, so she doesn't know. Not Helpful staff at all.The server was slow that we had to ask for refills every time for the coffee and beverage. The tuna burger was dry and very fishy.Most people come here to enjoy the strip view and Bellagio water show. The tourists next to our tables asked the sever the time of water show, and his answer is he doesn't know. Not Helpful staff again. And there was neither surprise nor a simple "Happy Birthday" from the staff.I doubt I will come back here again.
5	This has always been one of my favorite spots in Vegas to eat simply because it is consistently good and the service always spot on. The country pate',  frisee salad with bacon and egg is always a big hit, there crepes are a little thick for my taste but the fillings are always great. I love the Bloody Mary bar, when I go for Sunday Brunch,  Steak  Frites  Is a signature and though it is not as good as  Steak Frites in NYC it is still fantastic. The waitstaff is always attentive in a European style, and are quick with answers.  Excellent Service makes many small issues in a restaurant forgiveable
4	Loved this place, oui, oui! We saw it while hungry & strolling along the strip...so glad we stopped in. If you see a line, wait in it...they have TONS of seating. I think the hostess is slow on purpose & a line makes it look happening. (We didn't wait in line, but there was one when we left)Sat on the lovely patio...yummy French baguette (although a tad too crunchy...ripped up the roof of my mouth a tad). And the butter? Ahhh! Orgasmic. Creamy, salty, fresh churned tasting. The baked goat cheese is easily a 5-star dish: ah-mazing! Loved it & the creamy tomato sauce surrounding it. We licked the plate. Not really kidding. A MUST order.Perfect wine? Saint Bris savignon!! Crisp, cool, refreshing...two bottles down, a third was mighty tempting.For dinner, I loved the steak bernaise & frites. The frites were crunchy like potato chips...oh so good. The steak was thin, nicely pounded tender with some chew (think skirt steak). The creamy herby bernaise: muah!Go get it, Vegas! Parisian yumminess can be yours!
5	Exceptional service by the one and only Jose S. He catered to our table and made our experience phenomenal. Best server/service I've had in Vegas so far! Food was great, Frangria was amazing.
4	5 stars for the steak alone. We tried the Bourdalaise steak.. and oh my god, it's the juiciest and best steak I've had. The caramelized onions and sauce were so perfect. Definitely recommend and would definitely order again and again. I knocked off one star because the other dish, Tuna Nicoise Salad, was a bit underwhelming. The tuna was nicely seasoned/peppered, but everything else was just okay. The dish in its entirety was not worth $18. Would not order again. Overall, we had a great dining experience. Our waitress was extremely attentive and friendly.Ambiance was very French (duh) and quaint. Try to get a table by the window; you'll see glimpses of the Fountains at Bellagio!Will definitely be back when I'm in Vegas.
5	Just love this place!  Best view in Vegas on the balcony.  You get to watch the fountain show while drinking fabulous French wine and noshing on steak frites!  I have only visited Vegas twice, but I made a point of coming back to Mon Ami the second time because it was such a delicious dinner the last time. Just beware, the steak is not a thick cut so it will be medium rare or higher in terms of doneness.  Bon appetite!
5	I can't afford to come here more than once a year, but it is my favorite special occasion restaurant in Vegas.  Gorgeous view, the food is delicious and they have a very solid gluten-free (and an extensive regular) menu, wine list and dessert options!  Even better, they are VERY flexible and happy to assist you in creating a gluten-free dish of your own if you see something on the regular menu that might be manipulated into a GF meal.  My go-to dinner (even though it's an appetizer, it's very generous) is the chicken liver mousse on gluten-free toast, but you really can't go wrong with almost everything on the menu.  The chocolate mousse is to die for, too!Also, if you're VERY careful, you can get out of there for less than $30...
3	So so.. patio seating preferred for nice picture scenery.. food was ok.. nothing special.. service is friendly.. they have bloody mary bar where you make your own.. warm baguette was good.. scallops were also good!  They might have better menu for dinner..
4	I'm sure my rating won't contribute much to the huge pool of reviews this fancy pants French bistro has amassed over the years...but I don't give a French. I came for lunch, although I intended to drop by in the evening because everyone raves about the spectacular views of the Bellagio Fountains show across the street. However, time did not permit so I decided that I would come for the food, not the views. Don't get me wrong, if you sit in the patio during the daytime, there is still plenty of pretty scenery for you. It's just easy to imagine how much better the views are during the night. Anyway, onto the food! My partner and I opted for two sandwiches: Maine Lobster Roll and the Sandwich Du Jour (sandwich of the day). Quick tip: warm sandwiches are served with Mon Ami Gabi's renowned hand-cut frites, while cold sandwiches are served with gaufrette potato chips (AKA waffle fries). These are less acclaimed but still great.The Maine Lobster Roll is served on a toasted brioche roll, accompanied with a side of red cabbage salad. If y'all did your research, you would know that Maine (and Northern New England) generally serves their lobster meat cold. Thus, our lobster roll was served with the gaufrette potato chips. I was expecting the hand-cut frites. It's no biggie though because I'm an equal opportunity fried potatoes consumer. These waffle fries were crisp and tasty. I didn't like the lobster roll because it was too buttery and rich for me but my boyfriend had no trouble devouring it. The roll was also smaller than I expected--hence, less lobster meat than what I anticipated. Our Sandwich Du Jour, on the other hand, was sensational! It was a seared ahi tuna sandwich served on a baguette with hand-cut frites. The ahi tuna was delicately seared on the outside, and left rare in the middle. It had a velvety texture. The mayo sauce contained a bit of zest and a lot of flavor. The baguette was hard but also packed a crunch. Now to the famous frites! I understand why they're famous: perfectly thin-cut slivers of potatoes and lightly seasoned with salt. These babies were fried to a beautiful golden brown. The patio seats are highly touted so the restaurant doesn't accept reservations for outdoor seating; they're on a first-come, first-served basis. Yes, the views are lovely but don't forget about the dishes! It's definitely one of the best meals I've had in Vegas. Service was all right. Prices are on the higher end but totally worth it--whether you're there for the view or the food.
5	I love this place. Although extremely crowded, I prefer an atmosphere with a lot of people as apposed to none. The place looks very fancy but there is also a casual presence to it. The outside seating provides an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains that cannot be matched. I had a pasta from here the last time I went, and I have yet to stop raving about it. It was the best pasta I have ever eaten in my life. Never have I tasted something so scrumptious and such a genuine flavor that I have never tasted before. The servers are always very effective and helpful. Even with the extreme amount of people, the service is grade A. I was amazed with my experience here.
5	Mon Ami Gabi was a fantastic place for Sunday brunch.  We started with the Bloody Mary bar, which had anything and everything you could think of to put in a Bloody Mary.  My husband and I split the chicken, apple, and brie crepes and the smoked salmon eggs Benedict. Everything was so delicious.  When we told our son where we ate, he said that when he went to LV, he ate at the Mon Ami Gabi three times in one week!! That says a lot. The atmosphere and staff made us feel like we were in Paris in a quaint bistro.
4	The food and service were good.I'd recommend the french onion soup, chicken liver pate, and mushroom crepe.Also, the view seating outside is nice because you get a good look at the Bellagio water fountain show.Everything on the Las Vegas strip is priced relatively on the higher end, that being said, this place gives a good bang for buck.
4	Excellent food, speedy service, and not too expensive for a nice dinner in Las Vegas. I had the steak frites and was very impressed with everything. Definitely make a reservation and try to get there early to sit on the patio if you can.
5	Came here for lunch on a Saturday.  The French onion soup is a must!  My chicken, mushrooms, kale and brie crepe was fabulous, those ingredients blended well together and the hollandaise sauce was not overbearing.  A carafe of the delicious and bunchy (yep, I make up words) St. Germain cocktail is the way to go.Venue Tips: If you go, try to get a spot on the patio before the hour strikes 2 pm, for a nice showing of the Bellagio fountains in action (the fountains start their thing beginning 2 pm, on the hour and through the evening).  Warning there is scant shade on the patio and you may be in full sun, so bring your sunscreen.
4	Superb steak and appetizers! Only 4 stars because their baguette was a bit too hard. I like to dip my bread into natural steak juice but the bread came out hard so I didn't get to enjoy my steak. Maybe next time.
5	Excellent! Wish i found this spot earlier in our trip.  I had "PARIS ROMANCE" drink.  Very good.  We had baked brie app. .. my only complaint was i wish there was more.  I had classic steak frites....mmmmmm. really good.  My partner had warm goat cheese salad.  She said it was great.  Don't miss this spot!
4	Such a cute restaurant on the strip!A friend recommended that I visit this place, and I'm glad I did. If you're not picky about where you sit (patio vs inside), I highly suggest making a reservation. My boyfriend and I had reservations at 6pm on a Friday night, and it was already pretty busy. There was a couple in front of us without reservations, and they had to wait 30-45 minutes for a table. My boyfriend and I got lucky, and we were seated by the window that looks out to the Bellagio fountains. It was a very romantic, intimate setting with only candlelights lighting the restaurant. We both ordered steak frites: the Bordelaise (carmelized onion & red wine sauce), and the Filet Mignon Merlot (butter, red wine reduction). Both were very good, but Filet Mignon Merlot was our favorite. The frites were more like crispy potato chips than fries, but they were very good. For dessert we ordered the profiteroles. The portion was HUGE. Between two people we could only eat about 2/3 of it. The pastry was a bit dry to me, so I wouldn't recommend this particular dessert. Overall, great food and service in a romantic setting. Worth the visit here if you want to wine and dine in Las Vegas.
5	Food was great! Service Was better. It was our last night of honeymoon and they surprised us with a double dessert. we loved it!
3	Located at the Paris hotel and casino.  We dropped in for a very late dinner.  This is a French bistro. When you enter from the Strip, it's to the left.  Inside the casino, it's called Mon Ami steakhouse.  That should have been a big clue.As it was late I wanted to eat light.  I ordered the sea scallops.  Big mistake.  It came and right away I could smell how fishy it was.  Means not very fresh!  Hubby ordered the wild boar with little rags of pasta.   We traded with each other as I didn't want to risk getting ill.  At this point it's like 10:30pm.  I didn't want to wait for another entree. Our friend ordered the hangar steak.  A winner.  Her hubby got the wild boar too.  Yuck. Chunks of wild boar with doughy pasta that stuck together.   Shouldn't the boar meat be shredded?They also got the Cesar salad and the French onion soup,   They enjoyed both.I got the house merlot.  Very good.  And they served a hot baguette in a paper bag.  Like a French bakery. Excellent bread.Bottomline - I enjoyed my glass of wine and the bread. Our server Girard was funny too.
4	Always delicious.  This is my 8th or 9th time at this restaurant.  It is one of my go to places in Vegas.  I go here with friends but also with clients.  Here are some of the highlights.1) Great service2) Good and consistent food quality3) Ambiance is great but keep in mind it is a cafe setting so it is a bit noisy4) Reasonable pricing for Vegas center strip location5) Beverage cost not blow up.  Very nice bottle of wine for $80 (VERY REASONABLE)6) Fountain show at the BellagioHighly recommend.
4	Escargot sweet delicious little slimy snails soaked in pesto and oil, a great start to any french meal. They have duck on Tuesdays for their plate du jour. ordered the steak with carmelized onions and fries that areborderline chips and orderedseafood crepe. for the price this place was reasonable and it's French food! the location is perfect right across the street from the Bellagio fountains
3	Came here for breakfast, this is not their strong suit. The only reason I'm not giving 2 stars is because we sat outside on the patio, and the view of the Bellagio fountains and nice day made it much more enjoyable.First off, their coffee is $4 each, but right when you sit they start pouring. I knew they charged, but I feel like they should ASK the customer if they would like to purchase the coffee rather than just pour it and charge you. We got mostly omelette and one french toast to share. The omelettes were just average. For a French place I expected better. When I was in Paris, we had eggs and omlettes at a random cafe and they were cooked perfectly, I expect the same of Mon Ami when you're paying $13 for basically a few eggs. I got the turkey and egg white one. The turkey was flavorless and dry, the egg whites were dry, the avocado and tomato relish on top was forgetable. The french toast was just OK, I could probably make it at home. Basically, nothing stood out here except the ambiance and view. I MIGHT conisder coming back for lunch or dinner but with so many other, better options in Vegas that's probably not going to happen.
4	Finally, we had time to try this place. We made a reservation, (recommended), showed up a little early but we still got seated right away. All the tables in this place and they put us at a little table tucked in the corner right by the windows of the patio and in direct sunlight! Thank goodness it wasn't too warm, but did have a lot of glare!We ordered a couple of apps, the warm brie cheese, black pepper honey hazlenuts and croutons, and the jumbo crabcake with citron butter. The berie cheese was super warm, gouy and very good, a few cloves of roasted garlic, soft hazlenuts so good! The crab cake was very fresh, crab rich and the butter with a splash of acid in the lemon was right up there on the elite list of ceab cakes. Definetly recommend both apps!I also love french onion soup and ordered a bowl, it was cheesy and rich in beef broth, plenty of onions could have used just a bit more baguette, but overall very good.For the main event we both got the steak and frites, basically a very thin steak with some thinly cut fries. It was delicious but nothing more then just steak and fries. Finally we had the white chocolate bread pudding, not that good, dry needed the ice cream and the chocolate cake, at least it was warm and very moist smoothered in two types of sauces and walnut sprinkles. Very good service food was overall good, wouldn't mind trying their breakfast!
5	Shockingly surprised at how great this place was!!! Service and food were outstanding! Noise level is extremely high but it has great energy. Our server, Colby, deserves a special recognition. He was attentive and super nice. Spoke with passion about the courses and specials. Even went out of his way to get me a Rockstar energy drink (off menu). Tip: Make a reservation!!!! Don't wait for the patio seats, you might starve to death!
4	That s a very nice place to have lunch. Beautiful view of the fountains. The foos is good and not overpriced. I recomand this restaurant.
4	Outside dining was great and The service was everything you would expect. Our waitress was attentive to our needs and gave good suggestions on the wine selection. The food portions were larger than expected and the French onion soup was very good.
5	This place was delightful! We went here for a late lunch and wanted to eat outside, and we barely had a 10minute wait. We ordered the baked goat cheese,the macaroni gratin and a caesar salad. Everything was delicious!! I wanted to go there again but my friend insisted on trying different places. I almost went there by myself when she left because it was so good. It is across from the Bellagio fountain so besides people watching (which you can do anywhere in Vegas) there was always a little fountain show going on. Highly recommend!
4	Food was great! Few little things like soda being filled with water and lack of patio heat but great otherwise.
2	I loved the ambiance and the outdoor patio at night. Our waitress was super nice too, but honestly, the food wasn't anything special. Everyone raved about this place but my chicken was dry and didn't have much taste. Same with my boyfriend's steak :(
5	Amazing. Food is spectacular. The quiche is to die for! Request for David to be your server, he was great.
5	I went here for lunch and the place was packed. I finally found a seat at the bar which I was glad to have. The bartender was wonderful and put up with my obnoxious "surprise me" request for a good drink and did not disappoint! I had the French onion soup and it was one of the best I've ever had. They had it down to a t. If you're looking for a great place to have a meal in Vegas I'd say this is in my top 3 recommendations!
2	Not terrible but nothing exceptional.
5	best steak I've ever had. best customer service. affordable lux food.
3	I'm harder on the so called finer dining restaurants.  I expect perfection for the premium price.  The waiter was far below par.  The main menu said ask for our gluten free menu, we did.  The guy literally said, "I'd have to go to the front to get it."  THEN GO GET IT!  I'm not sure if it was a gag or what, but I felt like a nuisance as opposed to a guest.The food was good.  I had a filet, well cooked, needed salt.  Wife had chicken that was well prepared.We dined on a night in which a marathon was passing on the main strip.  The people and the Bellagio fountain made for great ambiance, combined with good food, just let down by the wait staff.
5	Gazillions have yelped about MAG. Yet in this business you are only as good as your last plate served. So the road to 5 stars or hell is one plate at a time. Our party of four dined Sunday evening. Our table was in the atrium looking out at the marathon, the water show across the street and the outdoor diners, where it was cold, but with those tall heaters. The selections we made ran the gamut from oysters to steak, crab to onion soup,  banana crepes, for dessert. All dinners were top rate. The steak, I was told, was better than Ramsey's but for half the price. Our waiter, Anthony was excellent. Price reasonable. Service superb. Food outstanding. Now, if you can deliver value for money, you too could have a gazillion yelpers yelping.
2	I've reviewed this before and I've been here right times.  I won't go back and I will stop recommending this place.  For many reasons.  They charge 18% gratuity on parties of 5 or more.  We were six and the service was horrible.  She saw us twice. Once for order and once to give us the check.  No refills. No checking. Nothing.   We were going to tip 10% and to our amazement it was mandatory 18%.  I called the manager.  He came over and I told him the issue and to remove the 18%. Instead of apologizing, he put the blame back on us and said we should have asked for him.  Bottom line - we were blamed by the manager and the blame is put back on us. It shows issues not just by staff but by management. I said no and we would just walk out. He reluctantly removed the 18% and dropped the check back on our table. NO APOLOGY.  The steak was overcooked for most of us. The mean was so so this time.  Its just a disappointment and there are tons of other options so I highly recommend if you are a party of 5 or more - be careful.  The place is very dark too - hard to read menus and the chairs are wicker and uncomfortable- mostly to make the tables turn quicker.   It's obviously about the money there rather than service.  Go elsewhere.I got the impression she was mad they sat a party of 6 at an 8 table.  We didn't want wine because we already drank and I thought she felt we weren't a big value table.  So figured she got 18% automatically and that was enough.  It wasn't crowded.  Amazed she never checked with us.   For a restaurant to make 18% mandatory for 5 or more shows they have service issues.   Usually it's 6 or 8.
4	Excellent brunch menu.  This cafe is part of the Paris hotel/casino.  Fun French bistro with a wide variety of menu items.  It is worth the wait for patio and garden seating.  You have a great view of the Bellagio fountains while you eat.  Great staff and service.
4	Great spot right on the strip. Lunch and breakfast are perfect for a heavy day of walking. The breakfast benny's are all good (tried them all) as well as the Nutella waffles. Make a reservation and prepare for $15 a person plus drinks. One of my fave spots to eat directly on the strip.  Great spot for the whole family if you sit outside.
4	Review is for brunch on the patio on a Tuesday morning at 9 am.Service was great, french toast and quiche were awesome!! St. Germain drink was awesome, I even googled the recipe for it.  Price is VERY reasonable Vegas, I would defiantly come back here for again for lunch and dinner.
1	The food was decent. Servicer was terrible. They charge me for two bottles I stole ..... Wtf .
4	The steak was delicious. The service was amazing. The ambiance was nice also. I was a little disappointed in how much my drinks cost though. The two drinks I had was almost the same price of my steak dinner. The size of my steak was also good. Typically I feel like I never get what I pay for steak wise, but I did here.
5	Loved this place! Came for a late brunch and had one of the best experiences ever! First off on Sat and Sun they have a wonderful make-your-own bloody bar. Delish. After that we were brought a warm baguette with perfectly salted butter. Soon our entrees arrived; Blueberry French toast and egg Benedict. The best French toast of my life - perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside served with chantilly cream. I will come back!
4	Mon Ami Gabi is a French bistro located in the Paris Hotel.  I went on the recommendation of a friend who claims it as his favorite Las Vegas restaurant, as well as largely positive Yelp! reviews.  The interior of the restaurant is dark and dim, with walls loaded with various French-inspired memorabilia.  In any event, I'd suggest sitting outside, which provides prime people-watching territory on the strip.The bulk of the menu consists of simple bistro classics like mussels and steak frites.  I had steak frites; my flat-iron steak was cooked a perfect medium-rare, as ordered.  Entrees come with a choice of sauce.  I ordered bearnaise, and it was perfect.  I had the privilege of sampling the food of my dining companions, and enjoyed it as much as they did.  One of them ordered a bowl of mussels in buttery, herbaceous white wine broth, and the other ordered a NY-strip with butternut squash puree and bordelaise sauce.  As I said, each item was properly prepared and delicious.Our waitress was polite and fairly attentive, considering that the restaurant was fairly busy during our dinner.  My only real complaint about the meal was the "frites" component of my steak frites.  I found them to be too thin, a bit dry, and cold.  Maybe they were pre-cooking large batches far ahead of time in reaction to the large number of customers.  That would be unfortunate.Overall, however, the positives far outweighed the negatives of my visit.  Mon Ami Gabi is a damn good place to get a steak in a great, casual environment, at a far lower price than a traditional American steakhouse.
5	I have been meaning to write a review about this restaurant for quite some time now! This place is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE brunch place in Las Vegas!!! If your in Vegas for the weekend you NEED to come here for brunch and sit on the patio. Sitting on the patio makes the whole experience. This restaurant is at the Paris Hotel and you can watch the Bellagio water show as you sit in the sun on the patio talking to friends. AMAZING! Have to always come here when I'm in Vegas.
4	Full of French favorites. Came here for brunch, but note breakfast food isn't served after 11am, though they still will make some breakfast options all day. We loved our server Maggie. She's super attentive, welcoming and really helpful. Maggie could be one of the best servers I've experienced. There are multiple rooms each with very different lighting ranging from very dark, to outside on the patio. (Clearly I'm suffering from a hangover).LARGE BLOODY BARlots to choose from APPSHand-Cut Potatoes Chips - YES! Brussels Sprouts - excellent. Nice and toastySALADWarm Goat Cheese Salad - excellent salad with roasted tomatoes, and yes a heaping serving of warm goat cheese. This could be it's own meal.ENTREE Seafood Crepes - Blew my mind! A must try. Scallops and shrimp.Mac and Cheese - very tasty with options to add scallops or chicken.
5	7 of us went to breakfast yesterday and all of us loved the entire experience . I had the smoke salmon Benedict  that was fantastic . highly recommend ...also sit outside if possible ... Very nice .
4	Pretty good food with a great view of the Vegas strip and the Bellagio fountains.  Came here for brunch on the morning my friends got to Vegas.  We came in thinking there'd be a wait around 11:30am, but they surprisingly had seats open.  The food here is moderately expensive, but the food is fair for the price.  I had the blueberry waffles and a side of bacon.  Both were excellent.  The waffles here are a lot different from what I have had before.  They're very airy and light and are full of vanilla flavor.  It was great with the blueberries.  Overall a great experience, and if you eat on the patio, you get an awesome view.
5	We enjoyed our breakfast this morning! Got to sit inside but by the window which allowed for people watching but in the warmth. Server was very informative...in fact, I don't think my coffee cup got below a half before she was filling it up. Finally found a tasty Bloody Mary! It was no "New Orleans Bloody Mary by any stretch" but it was the best we found in Vegas. The bananas foster waffles were just as they described...crunchy on the outside and light and fluffy on the outside. Loved them (see picture)! However, if you get nothing else have a side of bacon. It was delicious!
5	Such a cool place.  Food was great.  Staff was wonderful. My favorite was the view of the Bellagio water show playing to Frank Sinatra.
2	I have not been to Mon Ami Gabi for about 10 years.  I don't remember it being too great, but I thought I would give it another try last week.  I was traveling in Vegas for work, and having dinner solo that evening.  I went in around 8:30pm and sat at the bar.  The first thing I noticed was the numerous servers standing around, and just chatting with each other.  They were definitely overstaffed.I got the bartenders attention, and ordered a glass of Bordeaux.  I was bothered that she served it to me in a small white wine glass.  I noticed that other patrons were served in Bordeaux glasses, but she elected to just quickly give it to me.  She even opened a new bottle, and did no offer me a taste.This was basically how the entire meal went for me.  I was wearing shorts and a t-shirt, and she definitely gave the attention to an older gentleman wearing a suit at the end of the bar. I usually don't weigh service as an issue at restaurants, but I do take offense when I am ignored for wearing a t-shirt, or if nobody says goodbye to me when i leave.  I definitely had an experience with both of these at the restaurant.To eatm I had the filet and a side salad.  Both were mediocre, and nothing fantastic.  If I was rating the food alone, this would be a 3 star dinner.  However, the service clearly makes me drop Mon Ami down by at least a star.  In my opinion, for the price, 2 stars is very generous.  I suggest passing and trying another french bistro (Bouchon or DB Brasserie).
5	Great place to have lunch!!!!!Perfect location: right across from Billagio, very tasty food, great wine, good service. I ordered salmon salad with walnuts, dried cranberries and avocado with citrus dressing and it was really good. My husband had mussels and oysters that were yummy too. The only this I didn't like is that they serve their wine in small wine glasses and they fill it up more that half a glass so you can't even swirl the wine.Will definitely recommend this place.
5	I took my mother here on a mom-son date an early birthday gift for her. I must say the food, wine, and atmosphere was phenomenal. We arrived around brunch time when the traffic really picked up. The patio wait list was 45-60 min so we opted for indoor dining instead. We were sat right away towards the strip so we had the gorgeous view of the Bellagio. I ordered the  Bordelaise Steak Frite and my mom ordered the Chicken Paillard. Each of us ordered a glass of Pinot Merlot. I must say, my steak was close to, if not being, the best steak I've ever had. My mothers dish was exceptionally delicious as well. We asked one of the staff, Richard Uzi, to take a picture of us. One of the most humbling and friendly people. His character really brought our dining experience to the next level. Will definitely return here and recommend this place to friends.
4	Came here for thanksgiving dinner. Gotta say everything was pretty delicious.....except for the turkey.  We got lucky and there was patio seating available which gave us a perfect view of the bellagio fountains.  It's kinda funny to think that a main draw of this restaurant is based off of its view of a competing hotel.  The endive salad was really good, but the smoked salmon was amazing. Kinda wish I had double of that instead of my turkey. I simply cannot dock this restaurant because I thought their white meat of their turkey was exceptionally dry.  Any other day of the year I would never order turkey.  Lastly, I had pumpkin bread pudding. I usually don't love bread pudding, it's more of my gf's thing, but this time it was amazing. So rich and moist. Too bad it's probably a seasonal item.  I'll likely be back, next time to try a steak or something.
5	No complaints about this place. The food was great as well as the service even though the place was packed.
5	Love the ambience of this dining experience. Good French food, quality service and fun! You really do feel like your in Paris! Located adjacent to the Eiffel Tower and on the Las Vegas Strip!
5	I love this place.  I have a lot of really good memories at this place.  I was here when I turned 21.  I was here for a girls clubbing marathon weekend in my mid 20's.  I was here before I eloped with my hubby and Elvis walked me down the aisle.  A lot of major milestones in life was spent here.The wait here isn't bad but definitely make a reservation.  They seat you within 5 min of your arrival if you make a reservation.  The service here is always immaculate.  Food is always amazing.  The french bread they serve is always the right amount of soft on the inside and crusty on the outside.   I always get the steak and pomme frites.  They offer it with different kinds of sauces so there's always something new to try even if you're mostly a carnivore like me.  Love love love this place.  I always eat here when I'm in Vegas.
4	Came here for brunch with my friends and loved it. This restaurant is located on the strip and has outdoor seating! Everything is a bit pricier but it's worth it! Location and food and service is great! Loved dining here
4	This place is perfect for a laid back lunch or a dressed up date night. Whatever mood your in. The decor is laid back and formal so it makes for a good 1st date spot. The service is great, waiters are friendly and very professional. The food here is fresh and flavorful. And their bread comes with a tart pickled relish and butter (it is so amazing). I ate through the whole loaf of French bread before my food came out. So, I was definitely too full for dessert.
3	I have been to Mon Ami Gabi on a number of occasions over the years, but hadn't been in about a year or so.I came here for lunch recently and the food and service were not what I remember. The plates and cups on the table were dusty and a little grimey. The food was not as tasty as previous visits. I have never been totally in love with the food, but it was always decent and the location and price point made it that much better. The lobster roll was overly creamy and mayonnaise-y and the croque Monsieur was ok and probably the best dish of the meal. Our dining companion found a hair in their salad and it took a long time to get our server's attention to get that fixed. After that her replacement dish was slow to arrive. It was a busy Sunday, so I understand that they were slower than usual but that didn't explain the dusty plates and glasses. It's still a decent restaurant to visit to enoy the patio and view of the fountains, the food just isn't as good as it used to be.
3	Made reservations through Open Table and arrived promptly at 6:30pm.  Actually offered a table out in the patio, but it looked way too crowded and cold.  Got a table by the window inside where we could see the street, and during our meal, portions of the fountain show across the way at the Bellagio.  Well, right off the bat, you are in Paris - at least based on the table size!  Our table for 2 would be a typical table for just a small flower arrangement in the US, but here, we cuddled up and attempted to read our menus in the dark.  After some frustration, and following the lead of other diners, we pulled out our phones and turned on the flash-light to read the offerings.  We felt sorry for the party of five that was 'snuggled' up on a round table that would seat 2 comfortably....Started with the French onion soup.  Meh. Very watery and not much in the taste or onion department.  A bit stingy on the cheese and bread, too!  Dinner salads were really good - especially the house mustard vinaigrette.  We ordered and shared the duck confit with pork belly and boeuf bourguignon.  The white beans and sauce in the confit were quite tasty; the bourguignon sauce was thick and rich (perfect for dipping the complimentary bread in).  All in all, a satisfying dinner - very pedestrian and somewhat Americanized recipes (compared to what we've had in the Provence and other more 'hoity-toity' French restaurants.  It's the Paris casino, it's Las Vegas, baby!
5	I went here with a group of 12 (Bachelor's party) and we were not disappointed! I made reservations on the phone. We arrived and were seated immediately. The french bread was warm, soft on the inside, and crispy on the outside. We had to ask for more.Pretty ladies greeting us in the front and gentlemen serving us at the table. The service was excellent. Majority of us got steaks which were cooked to perfection. Their frites that came with the steak were something new to us-- crunchy and not salty! Overall, this place was enjoyable and I got compliments for choosing Mon Ami Gabi.
5	Where to begin!  Now our dining experience here was not a common one - we were treated to dinner here.  We ate almost everything on the menu - although their French Onion Soup wasn't spectacular, their baked goat cheese, fresh French bread and steaks were to die for.  They had a great wine selection, and our server, Angie, was phenomenal.  She had great wine recommendations and was overall a joy to have.  Would definitely eat here again!  Thank you George at the Paris for everything!
4	What an great dining experience I had here. I got to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains which is really what made the whole experience. Our waiter was French which also added to the experience. He was very kind - but he forgot part of our order and he forgot that we had even ordered it when we asked him about it. We had the escargot and the steak and frites. The frites were done perfectly, and the steak was cooked just as I ordered. It's difficult to get such a thin slice of steak to be cooked medium, but they did it. I had their house Pinot Noir, but I was not impressed with it. The escargot was the perfect amount of softness and chewiness and it was drowned in herbed butter just as it should have been. The loaf of bread that comes complimentary definitely helped me enjoy the butter even more. One thing I found odd was that they served a cole slaw with their complimentary bread. I have not seen that done in French restaurants before. It had a very nice flavor - very fresh. It seemed out of place, but we did eat it all.
4	The view at Mon Ami Gabi is hard to beat.  We ate there for breakfast on a Sunday and just barely made it before the 11am cutoff for breakfast.  I got the Eggs Flourentine which were delicious.We had to wait about 15 minutes to sit outside on the patio even though I had made a reservation and requested outside seating.  But other than that, the service was very good.  Best part was definitely the view when you're sitting outside.  I would go back.
4	Best place on the strip to people watch sitting on a outside table on a sunny afternoon . I had chicken sandwich and capucinno . The sandwich came with French style fries. It was very tasty , though I would have preferred a healthier wheat bread in place of the ciabatta bread.
5	Ordered at the table of 6:Warm Brie cheese plate (BEST EVER), Escargot on the wayShrimp cocktailCarmelized scallops(Kristie and I share both)Merlot steak (Beth&Nic)Lobster rolls (TRAV Ben)SaladsFruit salads to share Chocolate mousse and bananas foster doe dessert. Yummo!Omg. Great choice.
5	I absolutely love this place for breakfast!  The patio is warm, the food is good and the people are friendly.
4	Mon Ami Gabi is by far one of the best culinary experiences I have had. All the reviews on here raving about the food are accurate. You will not be disappointed. I would have given this 5 stars but I was turned off by the fact that you cannot reserve the patio. IMO you should be be able to reserve at least part of it and then leave the rest as first come first serve. The service is not that great and I am not a diva by any means. We ordered the Mussels and the plate came out with the sauce under the bowl so it dripped all over the table and our waitress did nothing about it. The server saw it and he finally covered it with a cloth. Between appetizers and our main course our waitress did not clear the table and I started to place our dishes on the table next to us to make room. When she saw this she rushed over and said, "No this table is clean." I wish mine was too! lol. Aside from that great place don't expect the same quality service as the food though.
5	Had another great meal and oustanding view from this restaurant on a recent trip to Vegas.  We had a large party of 7 and sat oustide on the patio on a nice spring evening.  You simply can't beat the location and view of this restaurant, right across from the Bellagio fountains.  The food is pretty good, not cheap, but not too expensive either.  Definitely not your typical snooty upscale Vegas dining.  The portions are reasonably sized and priced ($20-$30), with steak, seafood, and even a few pasta options.  I had the steak frite, medium rare.  It was cooked perfectly, relatively tender (it's not a filet, but wasn't bad), and seasoned well.  The dinner and selections worked out really well for both the grandparents and kids.  Very versatile.Positives: Excellent location and view of the Bellagio fountains.  Recommend eating on the patio (no reservations accepted, supposedly).Negatives: The wait for patio can be long....we were told about 15-30 minutes, ended up taking 45-60 minutes to get a table.  But it was worth it!This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas, you can save some money for the casinos, get a reasonable
4	Second day in LV, we started with a nice brunch at Mon Ami Gabi @ Paris Hotel. The patio was fully packed, but we wanted to seat inside anyway. Very nice, warm, cozy decor inside, it does remind us of Paris restaurant.Nice grand entrance! Inside was pretty full too. Nice warm, cozy French decor.Really enjoyed their complimentary French Baguette - served warm, crusty outside and soft inside, perfect!French Toast - thick piece of french toast served with blueberries and warm blueberry syrup and whipped cream. I really like the blueberry syrup, real blueberry taste!Egg Benedict - with Canadian bacon and hollandaise sauce. I've had better Benedict, so this one is nothing to wow.Seafood Crepe - very very fresh seafood, especially the scallop! Not a bad choice.
5	We've been here a few times and are never disappointed. This time, we went for breakfast. The service is usually pretty good, but this time, it was exceptional, and our server was very nice and energetic (understatement).The food was very good. I had the corned beef hash and poached eggs. Depending on how much you eat though, the portions may be somewhat small. In addition to our main dishes, my wife and i shared an apple cinnamon waffle, or was it carmelized apple waffle, i dont remember. What i do remember is the apples tasted great and the waffle itself was so good. For our other meals here, we've always had lunch or dinner, and always opt for the steak frites. Food was very good and at a reasonable price, especially for vegas. Add that you even get an amazing view.
5	Amazing gluten free eggs benedict! And amazing service! :) always a favorite when in town!
4	excellent setting & great food
5	Had the Moscou Mule and the Wild Boar Ragu. The mule was delicious as well as refreshing. The Wild Boar Ragu had beautiful pasta as well as tender pieces of boar, bacon and cheese. The pasta noodles were cooked to perfection and the boar was juicy and flavorful. Recommend highly.
4	On my last trip to Vegas I made it a point to try Mon Ami Gabi. I heard really stellar reviews on this place and I love me some French food!I dined for brunch enjoyed the escargot and the baked brie. Their Nicoise salad was a generous portion. I also inhaled the baguette they served at the beginning of the meal. The prices here are pretty steep (with drinks about $65pp) and that was just for brunch. It is totally worth it though and I left a happy camper. Next time I am in Vegas I will definitely try to go back again.
3	I've been here before and loved it, but this last time (last month actually) was just ok. I remember they used to have a juicy burger on their menu, which is gone. Fries are yummy. But I just was not impressed. I think it's great if you can get a table outside to face the Bellagio fountains, but inside it's kind of loud and not my favorite. Definitely better dinner spots in Vegas. I do love their name though.
1	Please do not come here for breakfast. The meal tasted as it was brought for the buffet. Eggs had tons of butter and the hash browns were old. Very disappointed in the meals and had to pay $18 for it. Never coming back.
5	Great gluten free options....and other breakfast food also.  Fresh orange juice and great French coffee...
5	Simply amazing!! It worth it! Beautiful place, great services and the salmon eggs benedits where to die for. Definitely recommend it ;-)
4	Everything great, from the coffee, orange juice and the eggs simply amazing.Very beautiful and Cousy. You feel like in Paris.
5	We arrived at the bar at 1:00 Robert the bartender was over the top fantastic I mean who would of known such great service and entertaining way he has about himself,treat yourself to a good lunch and the greatest service for lunch on the strip don't waste your money any where else !!!!
4	I've eaten here twice in the past year: both times for breakfast, but with very different people.On the first trip, I was with glam gals Bianca B and Trish S. They are way fancier than I am, and they both liked Mon Ami Gabi. The second trip was with my boo and my parents. My dad is more of a good ole boy, and he can be a bit hard to please. But he loved his steak and eggs so much that he wanted to go again the very next morning!Moral of the story: Mon Ami Gabi is a crowd pleaser, no matter the crowd you're trying to feed. I have to give a special nod to MAG for their awareness of gluten-free options. I was dismayed at the lack of gluten understanding in LV, but this place gets it right. I've had the gluten-free eggs benedict both stops here, and it was absolutely delicious!If you're on the Strip and find yourself hungry for breakfast, Mon Ami Gabi is a great pick for any palate!
1	Second time here. First time around, my girls and I got salmon benedicts- which were excellent, except for when one of them found an eggshell in her food. The english muffin was a little more toasted than usual but i didn't mind that very much. When she pointed it out, we were met with a shrug. This time around I took a friend to whom i had raved to about the benedicts here.  i ordered the salmon benedict once again. This time both eggs were overdone. Seriously, Mr. Cook/chef at Mon Ami Gabi? Poached eggs have to be slightly runny. These were almost boiled. There was too little hollandaise. Moreover, the english muffins were rock hard, to the point that i could not cut a piece with my silverware. The best and only edible thing on the plate was the hash browns. That is disgraceful. I will never be going back.
5	It was our second time and we are happily impressed. Our server Matt started us off with a baguette accompanied with french butter and a shredded mix of apples, celery, capers and lemon juice. Delicious! We started with the escargots ($14.95); extremely tender. My husband order a side salad ($8.95) with mixed greens, picked jicama, heirloom tomatoes tossed in a lemon Dijon vinaigrette.  It was a decent size salad. For our entrees we ordered the Wild Boar Ragu ($21.95), and the 22 oz. Bone in Ribeye ($39.95) with frittes. Since I didn't know which sauce I wanted to accompany my steak Matt (server) offer to bring three. We even were able to an extra baguette.  All in all it was an amazing meal for a descent price. If you're in for French on a dime this is the place.
4	Came here for a Bachelorette dinner with Bride to be and it was such a great experience for us. We could of been seated outdoor and had a even better view of the Bellagio watershow but it was too cold- given the fact that it's December. However, we were still seated smack down in the middle of the restaurant where we were able to enjoy the water show indoor- warm and toasty.Our server was great! He had a great sense of humor, and also made sure our baguettes were never empty. The baguettes were always piping hot and fresh. I guess it does feel like I am in Paris. HAHA.Food was EXCELLENT. They're really popular for their Steak Frites. I ordered the "Bordelaise" Steak Frites- with caramelized onion & red wine sauce. The Steak was medium rare- the way I enjoyed it and it was a really. The meat was cooked to perfection, literally, Medium rare. I loved the frites, so good. Not too crunchy like regular french fries but not too soggy as well. The "Garlic Spinach" side was also delicious. I love garlic, so anything with garlic is hands down!The "Onion Soup Au Gratin" was amazing. It was really cheesy and the soup was not too salty either. Loved it.I had a wonderful time with my girls at Mon Ami Gabi. Will definitely return again for probably brunch and definitely dinner. Although I felt like Mon Ami Gabi was not how I would expect a French restaurant would be like, I am still super satisfied. MMM!
3	My friend has been wanting to come here for a while, so we made it for brunch this last Saturday. It was my first visit to the Paris hotel and casino, but it wasn't hard to find the restaurant since it's large and has a patio right on the strip. Our reservation for 5 was accommodated despite being late for our reservations. The waiter was a little quiet and hard to understand at times, and didn't really check up on us. Since we were having brunch, I decided on getting a Bloody Mary that you fix yourself at the bar. I've never made my own at a restaurant before, so the idea of it was fun but mine didn't turn out as good as I expected. I wish they had more garnishes instead of just celery, olives and peppers. For food, we started with the escargots which were pretty good. I also had the classic quiche and I thought it tasted fine, but not something I would care to return for. My boyfriend's steak frites was the best dish I sampled. I liked the crispy fries a lot. The temperature of the steak was a bit overdone though.
4	I had the french onion soup, the half plate of mussels and a steak.  (shared with my fiance)the french onion soup (though a bit pricey but it's a big portion) and the mussels knocked it out of the park.  the soup wasn't too salty and the cheese absolutely melted in your mouth.  but the mussels were the true star of the show.  Big, fat, juicy, and perfectly cooked.  not a single dud.  You can't go wrong with it.  The steak was good, frites were good. nothing exceptional though.  If I'm ever back in vegas i'll go back here for the mussels every time.
1	Hostess process sucked. They were very rude this morning. How many times do I have to give my name?  How much longer do I have to wait for my reservation?
4	For starters I had the cheese scallops and they were pretty epic.  Also had the eggs benedict and it was good as well.  Only issue was that my muffin for the benedict was kind of overdone and a little tough.  Other than that the flavors were spot on.  They also bring warm fresh French bread to your table with rich creamy butter.  The bread was really good.
5	Went for breakfast recently and had a great time! The services was very friendly and attentive. I had the french toast and fresh berries and it was perfect! Slightly sweetened but crunchy. It was wonderful and I will be returning for brunch again soon!
4	It was a great lunch at Mon Ami Gabi.My girlfriend had the classic quiche lorraine, which was delicious.I had the croque monsieur, i felt like home.Go for it!
5	One word: BRUNCH. The eggs Benedict is simple and delicious. Hit up the Bloody Mary bar and create your own. Request to sit outside & watch the Bellagio water show across the Strip. Mon Ami Gabi gets just about everything right. Service is quick & polite. Note they won't seat you until the entire party is present. That goes for large parties all the way down to two people.
4	This upscale restaurant is located in the Paris hotel and their elevated outdoor patio gives you a prime view of the Bellagio fountain show.  It was too cold outside for our liking though and we were seated in their sun room area.Sunday Brunch offers a Bloody Mary bar which my girlfriend and I dared to try.  While fun, we both now appreciate a good bartender more than before.The steak and "frites" I ordered medium came out medium well but I devoured it still.  It being a French restaurant,  I decided to try their escargot...and although it was fine, there is plenty more I'd rather eat instead.  Expect to drop $100 for two if you care to have more than just water.
1	Regardless if you have a reservation or not they make you wait because as the front desk slave stated "Its first come first serve".  Absolutely no reason for such terrible service. I've been coming here for years and this will be my last visit. The last few times I've been here it's been on the decline... Don't risk it, just take your business elsewhere!
5	Best meal ever .and service was great!
4	One of our touchstones in Vegas. Consistent, well priced fare. Good place to chill and relax while watching the Fountains at Bellagio in the background. Not fussy but not a diner. Bistro vibe in a restaurant setting.
4	I found a great new spot in Vegas right on the strip.  The ambiance transports you to Paris and the food and wine were great as well as the service.
2	I ordered the eggs florentine, and I thought it was okay. I thought the hollandaise sauce tasted off and the entire dish was too sour. The side potatoes were pretty good though. My girlfriend thought her seafood crepe was average, but the scallops were overcooked. Some old lady at a different table decided she wanted to feed the birds and started throwing her bread toward me so the birds started flocking toward me. I asked her to throw the bread in a different direction. If you are going to feed birds at a restaurant (which you shouldn't), at least throw the bread crumbs around your own table. There are a couple of these around Chicago, so we probably could have skipped this place.
5	I've been coming here for breakfast every time I am in Vegas. The food is delicious but the coffee is magical. It's smooth and rich, and as is the case in a few, rare places doesn't require sugar.The selection of Benedicts is fantastic, the croissant sandwich is to die for and the egg white omelets taste amazing.The staff is attentive and friendly, the service is excellent and the decor is authentic and quite lovely.
4	Really fun restaurant on the dirty as hell Las Vegas strip. It has a great French vibe with the decor to match. When you sit down they bring you baguette with good french butter.I ordered the Steak Frites of course and I went with the cognac sauce. Really well done. I loved the fact the frites were the kind like in France you eat with your fork with each bite of steak. The steak was cut thin and me and my wife split it with a side salad with the frisee, lardons and a poached runny egg. That salad was the bomb!All in a really good meal, I can't wait to go back.
4	Love!!!! Best breakfast. Had their corned beef hash. Real corned beef. Also had the nummy bananas foster waffles. Holy goodness!!
4	I don't understand the French fascination with adding french fries to steak, but they were good fries, and it was exceptional steak. I highly recommend the New York Strip with the Roquefort sauce. Mouth-watering. The bread pudding, roasted chicken, and spinach side were similarly excellent.So good is Mon Ami Gabi that I would put it way, way, way ahead of Gordon Ramsay steak. I love Gordon Ramsay, but our experience there was overpriced and not at all up to the standards I've seen Ramsay scream at people for not having when they're in front of a television camera. If you want steak, Mon Ami Gabi is no slouch and you're going to have just as satisfying of a meal for a bit less money.Only complaint: my steak was supposed to be cooked medium, and I found it to be a little over, as did most of the meat-eaters at the table. Still, the outstanding flavors made up for it and I stopped thinking about it largely after the first bite.
3	A perfect setting to enjoy Bellagio fountain show and people watching. I ordered a filet mignon merlot, cooked perfectly and tender. But I feel that it needed a bit more seasonings. My husband's beef bourguignon was also okay. I was excited to taste the app escargot, but somehow the herb butter sauce tasted weird or "off". They forgot my escargot order, so I don't know if they cooked it in a hurry or what. Anyway, the chef was very nice to give us a complimentary prifiterole (to make up the forgotten escargot order) which was delish.
4	I have been here for dinner with my husband. We order the 2 wine, one appetizer, one steak, and one scallop.  real like scallop, must try! But the steak, it's not my favorite. We also order the one pudding, and warm chocolate cake. Price around $130. I feel the price is a little bit high, but the view is gorgeous, you can saw the bellagio water fountain.
2	My parents took my sister and I here for dinner before heading to the show across the street. We sat inside instead of out on the patio because it was a pretty chilly night. I had the skate wing. It was cooked so it was a little golden brown, almost as baked. I'm not sure how it was prepared but I enjoyed the subtle crunch when I bit down. The chewy texture on the interior was interesting. Not bad but not spectacular. Next time I'll come with a date, order steak frites, and sit out on the patio to enjoy the fountain show.
5	Came here after reading several great reviews on yelp. This is my my first time in Vegas and the first meal I had here and man oh man it was AMAZING!!! Sat outside and watched the fountain show at the Bellagio. Me and my bf had the chicken liver pate and the onion soup, 22oz steak with fries, half chicken and mashed potatoes and a large french sangria to drink... AMAZING! Must try! It's worth the wait at the door! And all the servers were super nice
2	Tess was super rude delays us for no reason and we missed the breakfast menu . . Lunch sucks supwr over priced You are getting chilli's food at french laundry pricessThe chef c should change his staff,  or climb to the top of the tower and let his self respect decide on the next stepI'm here wishing i could swim across the pond to my hotel
4	This is my favorite spot in the strip, too bad they keep messing up on food 3 several time in a row. But they made up for it by giving us another champagne or free breakfast. Must try this place, the scenery is very good, make sure you get a table in atrium area.
4	Had a fantastic Christmas Eve dinner, had a huge group and they took care of 16 of us. Great menu food was good.
5	We dined here for the second time on Christmas Eve. Somehow it managed to be more amazing than the first time. We started with the warm goat cheese appetizer, which was out of this world. I honestly could have eaten it with a spoon like soup. Two of us enjoyed the French onion soup, which didn't disappoinr. For our main courses 2 of us ordered the scallops with Brussel sproutss. I have have never eaten Brussel sprouts tasted as divine as these. Holy cow! They honestly outshine the scallops. The scallops were great, it was just that the sprouts were that awesome. The other 2 dined on steak and beef. Both enjoyed their meals as well. I cannot wait to dine here again!
4	Love the service by the staff here, the woman attending to us on xmas eve night ytd (irene? I forgot, but i knew she had short hair) was considerate and professional. The food we had was good too, the seafood platter, the chicken dishes and the trout. Ate our fill!
2	This place sucks. We ordered a seafood platter for $49 (2 half lobster, 4 tiny oysters, salmon salad, 3 shrimps) and a caramelized sea scallop $25. The scallops were the worst ever! There were 4 scallops, pretty big, but they were definitely over grilled that all I could taste is bitterness! Won't recommend this place.
3	3.5 -- closer to 4 vs. 3 starsWhen in Vegas, I recommend this place for brunch. Open table, once again is also recommended for making reservations to avoid long waits.Ask for patio seating, it's well lit and it's nice to people watch whether inside or outside the patio.Everything is pretty good here. The french toast is sweet on its own and does not require syrup in my opinion. The corn beef hash was really good and paired so well with the runny egg yolk! Love their escargot and mussels, the steak + fries. can't go wrong with and their complimentary bread is addicting. If you like french onion soup, you definitely need to order it here! If you have no other place in mind, this is definitely a safe, go-to spot that will not disappoint! :)
2	Sadly I don't have a great review I have been to this restaurant several times even had my wedding reception here I have been for Christmas dinner the last 5 years I have recommended it to my customers I no longer feel confident doing so. Our Christmas dinner just was not a good experience this year. First we waited at the bar patiently for a drink. The bartender came across as cocky his rather dry sense of humor was not appropriate. We were seated and told as soon as the rest of our party arrived to basically hurry up and order. The seafood tower was not good the waiter forgot my husbands soup brought our food it was cold when he took it back he acted as if he was doing us a favor because now my husband would have time to eat his soup the worst was we got our food the 2nd time it was still cold and the rest of our party was finished eating. They did take quite a large amount off our bill but my Christmas dinner ended up to be left over pizza after I got home. Disappointing
5	Wow what great service and atmosphere the French onion soup is AMAZING sat outside and got to see the fountain show they have many heaters so inn the winter it makes it very comfortable we had Doug as our server amazing best waiter we have had in Vegas by far.
4	Very awesome restaurant in all respects: good food, good service, good environment, etc. I had French just like three times before. Base on my limited experience, I always thought French comes with very small portion. I ordered the steak and my friend ordered seafood crepe and fish. They are all in huge portion, especially the steak! And they are delicious!!! The hand cut fries and French bread are great! If it's not too cold, try to seat outside. It's really romantic and you get to see the strip. I would give it a 4.5 star.
5	One of the best restaurants I've had the pleasure of dining at. Easily the best restaurant I've been to in Las Vegas! Notwithstanding Gordon Ramsay Steak, and perhaps The Bacchanal at Caesars Palace but that's a buffet and in a different league altogether. (I'll save that for another review) Not to mention these are really very reasonable prices on the Strip.We came for breakfast, rather early at 7am, since we were up at 5am due to the most horrendous jet-lag having traveled all the way from Minneapolis. Coffee and provisions were desperately needed. We got seated on the patio by request, with a view overlooking the Strip and the Bellagio. I was on my summer vacation and ready to enjoy myself thoroughly. My Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict was spot on. Rich hollandaise sauce covered the English muffins and it was truly a remarkable experience. I am a huge fan of the coffee. (Intelligentsia coffee, I believe) It was rich, strong and flavorful. It revived us perfectly. We also shared their Blueberry Pineapple Crepes, special of the day. Came with a little boat of freshly whipped cream. They were light, sweet and scrumptious. Good for sharing. For an impromptu, spur of the moment breakfast idea, this place was a 10 out of 10. Service was exemplary, waters were promptly refilled, and the restrooms are located out of the restaurant and inside the Paris casino. The interior of the restaurant is gorgeous and very French, in keeping with the theme of the hotel. They have nightly dinner specials. I think I saw Beef Wellington on the Sunday menu. In case you wanted to give that a try instead of Gordon's Beef Welly across the slot machines. His food is pretty spectacular too though, so have a go at it. Every time we go to Vegas, we'll make Mon Ami Gabi a regular breakfast spot.
3	Just ok nothing spectacular. I think it's way overrated. Had the oatmeal which was undercooked and super thick. Had the egg breakfast and potatoes were cold. Would expect more from a 4 star.
5	Excellent service  Accepts reservationsOutdoor seating with heaters (in winter)Megan was our waitress & she was excellent!Typical Vegas pricing Nice high ceilings, natural light, comfortable seating.Nutella waffle - Devine!
5	Started out with goat cheese with some garlic bread.  Then shared a few plates :The steak and frites The lobster roll The scallops Long story short the steak and lobster were amazing the scallops were bit cold and slimy but they are scallops and that's how it comes. Service was good a bit pricey but it's Vegas get with the program.
5	WOW! the bf and i had made reservations here before we were off to watch jersey boys, and everything from start to finish was fabulous. We were seated right away with delicious, fresh, warm, bread to snack on before our meal. coming in I knew i wanted steak, so i ordered the "classique" since it's always better to be safe the first time, right? the steak is large but thin at the same time. the BUTTER on top omg, i don't think i've ever had steak like that before. it was goddamn mouthwatering. hats off to the chef for cooking it a perfect medium rare too. and the fries, wow. I am NOT a french fries person, but i ended up inhaling these thin, oddly cut fries. the restaurant is gorgeous on top of the great service. I had requested to be seated on the patio, but because it's so cold these days it was covered up. No worries, the view of the bellagio foundation always looks good. i will DEFINITELY be back next time i'm in town.
4	I've wanted to eat here for the longest time! Finally had a chance to come here for breakfast last week when we were in Vegas. There was absolutely no wait at 10:30am on Christmas Eve (yay!) and we were seated outside on the patio. The weather was actually very nice and the heating lamps kept us warm :) For food, we ordered the eggs Florentine and the caramelized apple pancake.Eggs Florentine: Eggs Benedict with spinach and artichoke. This was very good although nothing too extraordinary.Caramelized apple pancake: I had no idea that by "big skinny pancake" they meant a delicious big crepe-like pancake! I've never tried anything like this and it was REALLY good. Nice and fluffy with several crepe layers and lots of whipped cream on the side! Highly recommend trying this.Overall, good food (at least for breakfast) for a decent price! And the best part about sitting on the patio is the beautiful view and the people watching that you can do. Service was also fast and friendly.
3	family staying at the paris so we went for brunch on Christmas day.  I had the CB hash.  I'm a hash man and the server slightly oversold MAG's hash.  it was more like big chunks of corned beef and big chunks of potatoes neatly placed on a pretty plate.  I will say the crust on the corned beef and the quality of the meat were top notch.  the eggs were also cooked perfectly. the potato chunks lacked flavor and weren't cooked with the same love as the meat.  I also tried the lemon pancake.  it was darn good.  overall a good experience but not good enough to bring me down to the strip on my own free will.
5	Brunch with the family was out of this world.  Waffles, pancakes, kale salad, onion soup, bacon, everything is delicious.  Waffles are crisp while has a nice body to it. Nor wonder saw a long line as we were departing.
4	The solarium is one of my favorite brunch spots in Las Vegas, but the setting trumps the food quality.Ambiance: The solarium is an enchanting venue.Crowd: Foreign tourists on a Christmas morningMenu: Americanized French breakfast fareService: Attentive and accommodatingFood Ordered: Chicken, brie, and apple crepe; smoked salmon with toast; fresh orange juice.Food Quality:   The crepe was good, but it lacked complexity of flavor.  Frankly, it would be better without the chicken.  The smoked salmon was also nice, but the quality was slightly below what I would have anticipated.Value: You are certainly paying for the view.Notes: Make sure you can eat in the solarium.  The rest of the restaurant is dark and uninviting.
2	My girlfriend and I were very excited to try Mon Ami Gabi for dinner as part of a mini-staycation.  We had a comped night at Bally's, and I've been meaning to try Mon Ami Gabi since moving here 2.5 years ago.  Unfortunately, we didn't have the great experience that I've heard many other people rave about.First, the positives...our seat out on the patio overlooking the Strip had an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains.  Even as locals, we enjoyed this view.  Our server was fantastic, very engaging, and had great knowledge of the menu.  He also recommended the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer, which was absolutely delicious.We both ordered Steak Frites, which unfortunately did not live up to expectations.  My girlfriend ordered the Hanger Steak, and we both agreed that it was tough.  Not just a little tough, but really just not edible.  Our server and the manager did the right thing and replaced it with a filet mignon at no additional charge, which was delicous.  I got the signature steak - the sirloin.  The sirloin was thinner on the edges and thicker in the middle.  The edges were delicious, but the middle was chewy and tough.  I'm not sure if the steak was poorly butchered, or should have been cooked differently, but either way, it was not well-prepared.  By that time, we had already sent one steak back, and I had eaten some of mine before realizing the problem, so I did not send mine back.Not sure if we caught the restaurant on an off day - maybe a cook called in sick, or they got an order of lower quality meat, but we did not get to have the Mon Ami Gabi experience.  We were disappointed that Mon Ami Gabi did not live up to it's reputation.  We're torn between trying it again because many locals we know love it, or checking out one of the many other steakhouses on the Strip.
5	Prime central location.  A perfect dining place for 3-hr. French dinner.  Recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to experience the charming night on the Strip.
4	This is my go-to spot for brunch in Las Vegas, have been likely over 10 times. Directly across from the bellagio water fountains with patio seating, cappuccino served in a bowl the size of your head, decent prices and pleasant french-inspired american brunch food. My recent favorite is the tuna tartare
5	My second visit here and it deserves a review. For starters this is a very cute Parisian place to get brunch with friends and family on the strip. Great atmosphere and service, located at the Paris Casino. I always make reservations via the Yelp app and it's the best way to reserve a spot without waiting for an hour or so. This place can get busy, so plan ahead! Do sit outside in the patio to enjoy the view of the Bellagio and the tourists walking around. Today was cold but they had heaters outside, so it was pleasant to enjoy the first day of the new year and cold winter of Vegas. I ordered cappuccino for my drink, it was delicious. Then we were served warm French baguette. My mom and I decided to go surf and turf style. We ordered the Lobster Roll sandwich. It is a cold sandwich and deliciously marinated. For our turf we ordered Prime Steak sandwich. Literally the meat melts in your mouth, and the fries on the side were yummy. Last time I tried the Classic Quiche which is phenomenal as well. The menu is not overwhelming, and experience has shown that you can order anything from the menu and you will be a happy person! Satisfaction guaranteed. Happy eating!
4	Pleasantly surprised! Honestly, I thought this was going to be poor in quality and just paying a lot at a fancy place to be facing the strip. The menu looks ordinary, but everything I had was really good.Pros:1) Wowed by the food. The breakfast potatoes are the best hash browns I have ever eaten! A bargain at $3.95, I immediately ordered another one even though my meal came with one. It is super light and crispy on the top, unlike anything I have eaten before. Then, the bottom half is almost like a creamy mashed potatoes, rather than the usual "crappy part of the hash brown". We had a week of good eats on our vacation, and this item was amazingly my #1 favorite. We also had the corned beef hash and it was fantastic. I'm used to it looking like the diced mush that comes out of a can (even from restaurants), and this was amazing. Huge cubes of impressively tender meat, with grilled onions that melt in your mouth, and thin and crispy potatoes. 2) Great views of the Bellagio fountain.3) No wait at 8am. Just us and maybe four other old people LOL.Cons:1) The waitress didn't do anything wrong, but I just expected more from a nicer place like this. Even the greeting seemed lackluster, and although the place was almost empty, it took a long time to take care of our bill because the waitresses were just chatting with each other and not looking our way to see we needed them.2) The bread is way too hard for human teeth.
1	I've eaten here before and the food was great but this time was different. I ordered the 3 egg breakfast and had my eggs over medium. Everything tasted fine but when I went to break the last yoke, there was speckles of green. At first I thought it was pieces of chives but as I picked at it the green just bled into the yolk. I'm not saying it was mold, and from what I could taste it wasn't foul. But what alarmed me was that when I told our waitress to take a look and just have the kitchen check their eggs in case it was mold to prevent a future complaint she just looked confused at me, didn't even look at my plate and said "oh" and walked away. She never apologized or looked at my plate to confirm the green. She didn't even take my plate away to show the kitchen. I took a photo of it before the bus boy took away my plate, which tells me she probably never told the kitchen either.
5	This is my second time here. Great break from the norm with classic french cuisine. I reccomend the chicken and brie sandwich, and patio seating if available. Great service also.
5	The service and food was wonderful.  I had the corn beef and hash and a cup of coffee for brunch.  The corn beef wasn't the typical canned beef and it was top of the line meat! Nicely flavored beef indeed :) And the coffee surprisingly want the usually weak diner coffee.  Over all very pleased!
5	This place will forever hold a special place in my heart, not only because my husband took me here the night he proposed, but also because their food is amazing. A lovely and romantic ambiance with staff who are always on their a game. You can't go wrong with mon ami gabi. I do suggest making reservations because they get packed. The classique steak is my favorite... A delicious steak at a very reasonable price
4	The food was very good. The fries were a bit too salty though and my meat was too cooked to be called rare as I asked. Also we were in the terrace as the view is amazing facing the Bellagio. It was cold and the server didn't switch on the heater even after we asked him.Good restaurant not to expensive !
5	Great breakfast. Great food. Great location. Great service. Great coffee. Great bread. Good Bloody Mary bar.
4	Beautiful restaurant, wonderful and delicious food, and excellent service.  Loved it!
2	If you know good food, then you shouldn't eat here. The cassoulet was terrible. The duck was overcooked, stringy, and dry. The pork belly might as well have been ham. The navy beans were undercooked and almost crunchy. The raw oysters were overly fishy and tiny. The French onion soup was nothing special. The bread in it looked and tasted like wheat loaf bread. The House Vouvray was corked. The service was abrupt and uninformed. Her lack of knowledge of the menu - and French cuisine - was inexcusable. And if you are charging $25-$30 a plate, the servers should know how to pronounce what they are serving. Cocktails and desserts were good. Atmosphere is nice.
5	This is a gem in Vegas. People often rave about the restaurants, but I find most totally overrated and too expensive. This one hits the sweet spot, and I normally don't even love French food. The service is impeccable. Our waiter was so great and easily accommodated my mother's food allergies and all of our questions. And the food is excellen, from the complimentary baguette and shmear starter to the homemade pastas and chicken and steak frites. No room for dessert!
2	Mediocre service... greeted in an unfriendly manner by the front desk person... great ambiance outside of course, if you can bear listening to the same jokes and vulgarity from the street performer extrordinare... cheeseburger was no good, would have loved to have gotten in n out instead...
5	We came here in the morning and we really enjoyed ourselves. There was ample seating, so we seated promptly upon arrival. Our waitress was really sweet and the rest of the waitstaff was super attentive too (water was full, staff was always available, etc.). Great service! Eggs Florentine - Delicious! I was a big fan of the poached eggs and hollandaise sauce. Also, the hash browns' crispiness hit the spot!Corned Beef Hash & Poached Eggs - Same yummy poached eggs but with tasty corned beef to accompany the dish. This order came with toast as well as the golden hash browns.Overall, we had an awesome experience! Relatively speaking, the prices were totally affordable for a restaurant on the strip. I would highly recommend this spot for a chill place to grub for breakfast!
5	Highly recommend the steak and fries and sitting outside.  Had a great meal with a great atmosphere.
5	A must every time in Vegas! I love this place, great service and food. Eggs benedict, smoked salmon platter, warm chicken and brie sandwich, chicken grand-mere, bananas fosters crepe some of the dishes i've had and they were all delicious!
4	The best lunch on the strip... great eats, reasonable prices and a fantastic atmosphere*** back for a third year in a row, still the best!
5	This is one of the first sit down meals my husband and I had as newly weds. It was perfect. I called an hour or so before planning to have dinner and we were able to get a reservation. When we arrived we were given the choice of indoor or outdoor seating. I was smiling on the inside because I remember always walking by when exploring the strip and wanting to eat there.This place is a great deal as far as price for food goes in Vegas. It's got a prime view for the Bellagio fountains and is great for people-watching.Who doesn't love steak, potatoes, and wine? I shared a giant ribeye with frites (too big to eat alone) while the hubby had a flat iron steak with frites. Everything was delicious and you can choose what sauce you want atop your meat. I love wine, but am by no means an expert so we daringly asked for a recommendation. To our(nice) surprise, the waitress recommended a great tasting wine that didn't break the bank. I was sure that she would try to up sell us. Perfect meal for a perfect night.
5	We found that the portions in the tasters menu were extremely small and vastly over priced. Compared to other restaurants of this caliber that we have been to, we felt taken advantage of.
1	Wow do not let the fancy and whimsical Parisian decor fool you. We were on a nice family trip for Christmas. We were seated outside since it was a nice day out. Once seated, my mother who was directly under the heat lamps was burning up to the point of discomfort and suffocation. When we requested our waiter to turn it down, he kept brushing us off mumbling he would see what he can do about it. Several minutes later we called out for another waiter and told him of the heat problem. He was frank and explained you can't turn down the heat unless you're going to turn them all down, as they're connected to 1 central switch. Immediately after, we caught our waiter watching us make the 2nd complaint. He was clearly unhappy that we made a 2nd complaint because he turned around and started snickering and talking to coworkers about us. We asked to sit at next empty table, to which he complied but sighed in exasperation. He did not even try to hide his annoyance!The food came and everything was deep fried in tons of grease. We had waffles, eggs Benedict, and omelettes, and hashbrowns. Everything was deep fried so much so that every single 1 of us got sick after, with stomach ache, nausea, etc. Lastly, when the check arrived we saw that 18% group gratuity was already added. The extra 5th person in our group was my 4 yr old who did not order anything. We walked straight to who looked like an assistant Mgr and she took off the gratuity without any questions. While she was doing it, our rude waiter was hovering over her shoulder throwing up his hands and again, not even trying to hide his absolute dislike for us. The male server's name is Efrain. He was an absolute nightmare to be around. Maybe the stress and tension of it all was the kicker to all of our stomach aches.
4	I love this restaurant, great food and beautiful ambiance, my hubby and I like to stop in for a bowl of the french onion soup, some appetizers and wine, sit outside and watch the Bellagio Fountains which are right across, the ambiance is beautiful and you can't beat the view. The soup is delicious and very authentic. It feels fancy but not stuck up and the food and service are consistently good. They also offer a nice wine menu.
5	What a great find, especially in the glittery, extravagant Las Vegas Strip! Our group of 5 came here for brunch after seeing the positive reviews and surprisingly reasonably priced brunch menu. It definitely fulfilled and surpassed our expectations! My guess is that it would do well even in an urban area, without requiring the constant flow of Vegas customers to support its business.The restaurant is quite spacious, with several rooms of tables and outdoor seating. In the last room facing the back there is also a direct view of the Bellagio Fountains, which makes a nice backdrop for enjoying the Parisian food and decor while inside the restaurant. We shared the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer which comes with a flavorful tomato sauce and crunchy garlic bread. They also provide free, unlimited bread (A HUGE PLUS), which we used after the garlic bread was finished to continuously dip into the sauce and maximize every last drop of flavor.I had the Kale & Warm Bacon salad while others tried the Eggs Benedict and other standard brunch items. All servings were generous and filling, which is what we were seeking after a long night out. We came in like the living dead, but Mon Ami Gabi succeeded in reviving us-- merci beaucoup!!
4	Onion soup had delicious gruyere cheese.Steak was filling and the blue cheese dressing was great! The servers were fast and very professional.A great choice for a classic restaurant. If it's busy, don't expect to see the bellagio fountains from the outside patio....
