4	Just went to an exclusive event at VS on Sunday and I was very impressed. After close about a hundred ladies lined up outside waiting for the doors to open. Once inside we had chances to win prizes, shopped exclusive deals and listened to a DJ. They had plenty of hands on deck that helped with everything from bra fittings to perfume assistance. It was awesome!Prices where decent and holiday sales helped as well. I loved everything I purchased and will be back soon!
5	Usually my trips to VS are pretty lame. I go for their annual sales and grab and go not really looking at anything else. This trip was different because I went specifically to find a push-up bra for a shirt I plan on wearing to an event.I had my heart set on their "Very Sexy" Push-Up and immediately went to take a look at them. A nice young lady came over and told me about their promotion that day - buy any bra and you get a panty free! Hurray for me, since I was definitely planning on purchasing a bra. Next she asked me if I had been measured, and since I haven't been in awhile she went ahead measured me. Afterward I got the correct bra and headed to the fittings rooms. The girl in the fitting room was very helpful and also gave me their "bra box" with a few other push-up bras in my size, but in different styles. I had a few questions about some of the bras and the girl was very helpful in telling me her experience with the certain bras I was trying on. I had also brought the shirt I wanted to wear the bra with and they let me try it on with the merchandise.Afterwards I went to pay and they did try to push a credit card on me (VS always does this) and I declined. Luckily she wasn't pushy about it and  even gave me a complimentary sample size bottle of their new perfume.This was a fantastic experience and one I would recommended to any woman who is purchasing new undies/brassieres.
5	Oh my goodness did I shop today! Used some gift cards that I got for my birthday. I was on a mission to buy summer jeans and bras and such. One of my favorite stores is Bebe so I went there first and found a fab pair of red pants. I never wear red pants. However, these pants are HOT. So I do now....Then off to Victoria's Secret. I received a gift card for my birthday from my good friends Leah and Mike. Not really a fan of VS. Stuff never lasted very long for the money and usually there are 17 year olds who could care less so I stopped shopping there about 10 years ago. Well today was another day. The person who helped me actually knew what she was talking about. Her name is Jamie. I literally hurled questions at her and she never skipped a beat. I showed her my Calvin Klein seamless undies and said look at these gems, they are 10 years old and I paid $30 a piece for the 6 pair I have. That's what I'm looking for. Keep in mind it is a madhouse in this joint because of the semi-annual sale. She spent a good 20 minutes showing me this and that. I spent $120. I mentioned to the manager on the way out that I never spend $40 on a bra and today I did that twice because the salesperson was on it like a stamp on a letter. Her name is Jamie. Victoria's Secret at The Galleria on Sunset. Oh and I bought 5 pairs of seamless undies too.....Will update after a couple of washes...... ; )
5	OK so here is an update on my Victoria's Secret shopping spree. It's been two weeks and the undies and bras are holding up fabulously in the wash.! Usually by now they are falling apart. Let me count the ways I am excited about this!! Another update in a month or so......
4	I am a addict of Victoria Secrets. Every piece of panty or bra I own is Victoria Secret, including all the sweats, jackets, & luggage I've also boughten my check ins should be about 200 times minimum. Would rate it 5 stars but the girls that work are always a hit or a miss on being helpful. They are either overally helpful which is a bit annoying, or too busy talking to answer a question.
4	Who can say no to Victoria's Secret? Don't expect much from customer service. They will have their  good and bad days. So just go into the stores with an idea of what you are looking for/wanting to buy.
4	You know, shopping for bras is a real pain in the ass, but my experiences at this VS have been surprisingly pain-free.If you've shopped at VS, you know the drill: come in and plan to spend 2+ hours trying on underthings that are insanely expensive. Why is a bra $60? I don't know, but I don't know where else to buy bras besides Nordstrom (which are like $30 more), so I always end up here when my current selection of bras are hanging on for dear life by a thread. They have an expansive selection of bras, underpants, PJs and lazy wear which can be a beast to go through if you don't have a plan when you come in. What I like is that VS now has these small checklist cards (that can easily fit into a wallet) and the sales associate helping you will check off the styles that you like so that you know what to look for next time you're in. This takes so much time and anxiety out of the experience that I actually look forward to going back!The associates at this store were really nice and friendly and made my shopping experience really stress-free. I still don't get the layout of the store-all VS stores look like of cluttered and messy to me but I guess that's because I don't know where everything is. I just tell the associates what I want once I'm in the dressing room and they do the hunting for me. Again, the personalized check card helps a lot-get it!
5	I can't begin to explain how much I love this store!!! Great selection, friendly staff and great selections of items. Keeps me coming back!!!
2	Meh.This store is really hit and miss.Sometimes the employees are good, and sometimes they ignore you.Went here last week, and we were ignored.I have the worst luck, and just about everything I get from them they discontinue... From bras, to fragrance.....so, I only get panties there now.The store wasn't that clean when I came in last, and there was a rather large spider, that had spun quite an impressive web on one of the displays. I had to hunt down an employee to tell her, and even then, she didn't look too thrilled when I told her I needed help.Overpriced lingerie, overpriced yoga pants, that just end up getting holes in them...... I should know, I have a few pair. The cotton collection 5/$26 is what I have the better luck with. Anything that is too Lacey, ends up ripping by the 2nd time I wash it...( on gentle, in lingerie bags, might I add). They stretch okay.... I'm really bottom heavy (big thighs and toosh... Family curse.), if you stay away from bright sunlight and don't bend over, no one will see that they are completely see through... Or just sit wherever you go. Don't exercise in them.... Lol.I have two girlfriends that can never find anything in here. Oh boo hoo to all they ladies with their "big" boobs. My two gals I mainly run with are NATURALLY F cups. Yes. F Cups. Stop your complaining on how you " can never find anything because of your 'huge knockers'."
5	I love all the VS stores I shop at but this particular one located here at the Galleria remains my favorite because it's well stocked and they have a great selection of PINK clothing line. Maybe that's why Im still the Duchess.  Im here.. alot. The sales staff is great and attentive. Lines look long but their are always several cashiers helping out so wait time in line isn't that bad. Stuff can be spendy but there is always some kind of sale, deal of the day or event going on.  Get on their email list. Definitely like the quality material of their merchandise. Never got any holes or tears in my yoga pants. Nothing has faded.  Even after several washings all my clothing is still in good shape. Funny but TRUE STORY - It happened a while ago but always remember it.. So 11 years ago this one guy just came and scooped up the whole bin of undies and all of us where like WTF??  Didn't even look at the sizes styles.. just grabbed it out from the table.  Knew right away he was an Ebay reseller and called him out. He got the riot act pulled on him.  He set that bin back on the table and left. Ha Ha!  So don't mess with women when shopping at the Semi-Annual sale. That's all I have to add to this review.
1	Tried on some of their "fitting" bras and ended up with a rash on my chest. Not cool, wash your stuff more often!!! Gross!!
2	This location is on the second floor of the Galleria Mall.  I've been to many locations of Victorias Secret and this one didn't measure up to the others.  Several different styles I was shopping for were out of stock.  It's kind of frustrating when I would find a style I liked but they were out of my size.   Service here wasn't any better.   The girl who initially was helping me didn't show me all of the sale items but led me directly to the most expensive items in the store.  I had to find those on my own.  The gentlemen cashier was also unpleasant.  He asked who helped me on the sales floor.  I couldn't remember her name as she really didn't help anyway.  He proceeded to ask several times more.  If I can't tell you the first time, then the next three times aren't going to be any different.  It wasn't a great experience and would recommend a different location.
