2	You'll never find me rating a Starbucks lower than a 4, but this one is way too congested. Yes, the staff is friendly and it is convenient, the parking lot/drive through is a mess. This Starbucks is a drive thru - walkup window only. On busy mornings, you'll find yourself backed up onto the street just trying to drive in. If you decide to walk up, you need to park your car and get out. The drive-thru lane and parking lot overlap, which makes it hard to back-up out of your parking spot.
1	I wish I could give it a half of a star.. The only thing they do "right" is that they make some kind of drink for you.  It's probably not going to be what you ordered, but I guess there's always the option of going back, waiting in line for another 10 minutes, asking them to remake it, getting a dirty look about it, then finally getting it back 5 minutes later.Who wouldn't want to do that...?This is the closest location to my house; however, it is the LAST one I would choose to go to..  : /The set up is semi inconvenient, but I don't really go at the rush hour times of day, so I can't comment on that aspect.  SOME of the baristas are nice, but out of the 30 times I have gone there, I think my drink has been made correctly 6 or 7 times.  That kind of inaccuracy is not what I would expect from anywhere, much less such a well known company like Starbucks.But on the other hand, I don't HAVE to go to this location, it's just the most convenient, so I guess I should just suck it up and drive to a different location- like the one inside Desert Ridge.  I've never had a bad experience there.
5	Always super busy but the crew at the drive thur always has a smile for me no mater what day or time it is.
1	This is the worst Starbucks I have ever been to across all 50 states. 1. They can't multitask and serve multiple customers (it takes 20 minutes to get your drink). I don't care how busy you think you are; I have seen busier Starbucks figure it out. 2. When they make a drink with flavoring, they put the flavor in with the milk and steam it, this burns the syrup and spoils the drink. 3. No one smiles or says a simple 'thank you'. This Starbucks is less then a mile from my house (in walking distance) I am now a proud owner of a Tassimo.
1	Horrible service. Twice now I've gone there and they keep messing up my drink. I work for Starbucks!! It's not hard to get a drink right! Believe me. Horrible service. The people that work there All have bad attitude. One lady doesn't even look at you when your ordering your drink. I think that someone needs to go In there and fix it and make it a welcoming Starbucks that it's known for. Ya a few of the employees that work there are absolutely wonderful but when you get that one that is just rude it just makes you not want to go there anymore. I stopped going. They still get my drink wrong when my mom goes to get coffee. Horrible.
2	They are consistently busy, but apparently are not able to perfect their craft. Very, very slow. Whether it be four cars in line, or twelve, I always seem to be waiting at least 15 minutes or more for my coffee. One time it took SO long, they gave me my coffee for free... which is nice... but when I got to my destination I saw that both drinks I received were wrong.
3	Def not your standard Starbucks as far as layout.  There is no inside sitting area and Scottsdale is usually scorching hot in the summer.  There are misters outside and awesome shade that help with the heat.  It took longer to get a drink, but it was an ok experience.  It is just another Starbucks...nothing too special about this location.
5	Great Location!  Very professional!
4	Not a fast drive thru service but the staff is pretty friendly.  There's a guy there who works the drive thru window and he makes great conversation while you wait for your drink.  IThe only negative thing is that they only sell plain bagels. I wish they had multigrain!
1	Over priced, coffee tastes burnt.
3	Not sure why there are such bad reviews for this location. As far as Starbucks go, it is pretty average (not especially bad). They get points knocked off due to the small size and lack of sitting/lounging space. You can only walk up or drive thru at this location :( But the drive thru is quick enough. I've never had any issues with my order getting mixed up or attitude from the baristas. I mostly visit in evenings or afternoon and it is never busy.  I've also been during morning hours, but not super early... so I can't comment on early morning rush.Seems like this low rating is partially skewed from people who don't like Starbucks coffee in general... understood, but I wish we could just filter out those reviews.  After all, we all know what Starbucks IS and ISN'T by now. Some of us need an accurate review of the location without coffee snobbery polluting the rating :P (see there ^^^ I included the smiley so my snobby coffee brethren can't take offense)
5	Been going here since the first day they opened. The staff is great but one in particular, Alexa McCall (or McCaw?) is an exceptional employee.  While waiting for my coffee I overheard a couple talking about her as well. They said she creates a very fun atmosphere. I'm amazed at how many customers who are driving up say hello by her name!  Wow!! Now if that doesn't prove excellent customer service I don't know what does. I agree with the couple this Starbucks has a great vibe. Oh, great  Latte's too!  Kudos to ya
5	I've been going here off and on for 5 years and the customer service here is amazing! I went on a no Starbucks strike for about a year not because I don't love my Starbucks but I purchased a very expensive espresso maker and wanted to get my money's worth from it.. Anyways I have a thing with touching cold stuff so I always get a sleeve on all of my iced drinks so after a year of being absent I drove thru the  drive thru ordered my venti iced Carmel macchiato and sure enough they remembered me and put my beloved sleeve on my drink! Love these guys especially the long haired skinny one. They are always so nice and remembered how I like my coffee after a year of not seeing me! Great customer service!!
1	Whatever you do, don't visit this location. I've been a Gold Card member for a long time, and never had an issue at any other locations. The 3 times I have visited this location, I've had bad experiences.Just today, On Starbucks.com and at another location, I was told I could get the Frapp Happy Hour discount until 6pm. The person that I dealt with would not honor the discount, and it's clearly shown online! Anytime I mentioned that the discount goes till 6, the employee just asked if I wanted to pay with my gold card or another way, totally avoiding the issue! What kind of customer service is that?
5	Always a quick, friendly drive through! And they make my iced mocha perfectly every time. Love this location. The only downfall is pulling into the parking lot, a lot of congestion right around the entrance.
1	AVOID THIS LOCATION!!!! And I'm not the first person to say this. Today was the third time I have received terrible service at this location. Usually they take a good 10 minutes to make my drink. Today it was only 2 min but the lady that took my order was rude and blunt. She never greeted me nor did she thank me. I thanked her for taking my order and she didn't even reply. And to top it all off my drink was only filled 2/3 of the way. Time to start going to a different location.
1	This starbucks is incredibly B Team. I understand other locs being a little sluggish at off times but when I go at peak hours before work I have to ensure I have a solid 20 minutes to wait. They are slow at making drinks and always seem really confused. I avoid this location like the plague after giving it a shot 3 different times.Drive up the road to Coffee Bean or support local places around the area.
5	This Starbucks is a drive-thru only with patio seating. Located on a corner with easy access to drive in and out the cute mini little Starbucks still offers all the great fixings Starbucks has to offer. A friend and I got the opportunity to dine here yesterday sitting out side sipping on our favorite Starbucks drink. The staff was friendly and our service was fast.
1	Okay so I worked at Starbucks for 7 years so I know how it should go and this one was not good. It's DT only which sucks as I was from out of town and wanted a second to see all they had (selection varies from market to market). We drove through and speed was okay but my drink was not. My shots were clearly bad and the milk wasn't steamed correctly. I brought it back to be re-made and they didn't really apologize or acknowledge the problem. At the time I was a partner so I was really surprised. I'd try Coffee Bean over this place any day.
5	I was just at this starbucks  15 mins ago.... lemme say the crew is so cheerful and nice that  it made my day.  :)
2	honestly this starbucks is so slow and sometimes i get lukewarm lattes or incorrect drink orders (mind you. this is the only place that screws up my order and sometimes im just ordering a dopio over ice)however its walking distance from my house and very conveniant and i know all the staff
