3	I wish the Club lounges in Sky Harbor were bigger or just stocked with a better selection of food.  I am getting really tired of the sorry snacks.  I know you can't bring food in the Club, so please, replace or improve on the choices.  So far Air Canada has been the best Club I've used.
5	Great location - close to the gates.  Very helpful and friendly staff!
5	Airline clubs rarely reflect the local community. In most places it is the same potato chips, Bud Light and USA Today. This club gets bonus points for having healthier fancy chips, along with tasty salsa for dipping. Not super remarkable, but more than expected.
3	So no food allowed in this club, would have been fine by me if you had a better selection of food. I had to throw away some snacks I had just bought... Who likes throwing away money?This club was nicer than I expected however the smallest airline club I have been to, three stars for this club being right near my boarding gate making it super easy to get to on time and not miss my flight.
5	Had a layover here the morning of Christmas Eve.  I was the first person into the club that morning and had a nice relaxing time waiting for my flight.  The desk attendants were very friendly and helpful.  The club was clean and well maintained and the food provided was high quality.
4	Pluses: comfortable, 3 tv's, 2 conference rooms, free drinks, coffee, cookies, fruit, chips. Minuses: no food other than above. Outside food not allowedIf u have a few hour layover, it is good. Pales in comparison to some other US Air clubs (which cost the same), but better than the other options here
2	Skip it, you aren't missing anything!If I didn't get to enjoy a couple of free drinks, I would've been pissed I wasted my money here! Not much to offer, but plenty of attitude and seclusion.The good parts include avoiding the mob in the general areas, a decent bar and plenty of plugs to charge your devices. The ladies at the front desks were sweet, but that is where the positive parts end.Snacks are a joke, TVs are only in a couple strange locations, the vibe is very 1992, and the stuffy feel is annoying at best. After three beers did I finally feel comfortable enough to breathe and relax. Hopefully I will never have the need to spend time here again, as I don't have the desire.All y'all that dig this kind of thing, you can keep it :)
4	I stopped in Phoenix for 8 hours to visit family, and I hit the US Airways lounge both on the way in and the way out.  The first girl that greeted me wasn't the best, as I presented my Priority Pass and was turned away.  I realized my AmEx Platinum would work, so I returned and she somewhat rudely said she didn't know I had that.  I never accused her of anything, though most Priority Passes come from AmEx Platinums, so perhaps she should have suggested it.The night staff was much more pleasant, and I got caught in a good conversation with them about SNL and other US Airways business.  Unfortunately, the lounge snacks had been picked dry before closing, but I did have a quick coffee.
5	An oasis of quiet and solitude in the din and hustle of the airport.  I came bearing my young daughter, wife, and myself in need of a brief respite before boarding the next plane in our journey.  We enter with raised levels of stress.  The club room offers rooms of comfortable chairs, modest snacks that feel like a meal, a clean bathroom, and a well stocked bar.  The staff were conscientious and kind.  Magazines I've never heard of on business and technology were lying around every where.  We relaxed and left prepared for the next leg of our journey.
5	I know this place; because, I spent well over 13 hours here recently.  The US Airways Club was the only reason I didn't completely lose it that day.The club is small, very small, but it did the trick.  It provided me with a quiet, safe, clean place I could call my "home".  I was able to leave my bag without the fear of some d-bag stealing it.  I was able to watch TV without having announcement after announcement blaring in my ear.Snacks were gross, but I wasn't expecting anything, so the mere fact they had something to pick from was a plus.The staff was SUPER accommodating, always making light of the shitty situation and doing whatever they could to make my stay a pleasant one.  After visiting, I quickly pick up a membership.Thank you US Airways for preventing me from going Ape $hit that day.  It served as my own little Oasis in the PHX Airport.
3	It's a decent club lounge but nothing spectacular. It's a lil cramped for a busy airport. The bathroom was very outdated and needs to be freshen up.
4	Head a 3 hour layover in Pheonix the other week... Hung out here for about a half an hour before it closed.  Decent place... missed the food though.  The bartender was pretty funny... I do like a good sense of humour.  Selection was pretty weak, but what can you expect from an airport bar.  It was still a nice change of pace from the terminal bars.
3	Great place to sneak out of the airport hustle and bustle. I appreciate the free snacks, coffee, drinks and comfortable seats. This club is pretty small and at 9am it was completely packed, not a single free seat.Once it filled up the internet speed slowed to a crawling pace. This was super annoying. It basic wasn't useable. As another reviewer said, I appreciate that you can sit in a clean, comfortable place and get away from the constant, loud announcements. They have screen posted so you can easily check your flight. Plus if you happen to be in there and your flight gets delayed, etc, the staff in the club can assist you. You don't have to go fight the line at your gate.The staff was friendly and this was a nice place to camp out for 3 hours between flights.
3	IF you are a people watcher....worth the admission price!  (especially *since I had a free day pass!) After all, where better than airports to get your "catty laugh on" .... well maybe the light rail crowd! :) After being irritated knowing I was stuck 2 hours for a late flight, decided to use my "freebie" and spend the time in the lounge. Walking in behind a woman in a micro mini and stilletos as she "shuffled"  in (coz those are ALWAYS practical for traveling in) I worried my sneakers and shorts were going to be out of place :) NOPE!! The family in PJ's quickly made me feel better about myself and the 50's dressed "Cowboy" complete with ten gallon hat put my mind at ease. Dress is casual no collar required! As I made my way to the bar, the sleeping business man assured me the chairs must be comfy (due to his snoring) and his traveling companion had her socked feet up on his lap joining him for two winks! The tired traveler at the bar was blatently staring at the bartenders "ample" asssets and taking the tiniest bites of off the nuts he was eating apparently to be able to sit there longer!! LOL! :)  The snacks were nothing to skip lunch for but there was fruit and muffins on the table as well as hot coffee and teas. The lounge isn't that big but does have plenty of seating and free wi-fi .... thank goodness coz I never recognized ANY of the magazine titles they had laying around! It is not easy to manipulate your luggage through people due to not much space between seating areas. My hot pink bag was easy to spot though among all the boring black bags seemingly used by everyone except me in the lounge! A few "wall streeters" were busy doing paperwork and seemed to get irritated by anyone talking around them. Tv's limited to CNN and weather but hey...it is an airport not a sports bar! If I had to pay the forty dollar admission price for only two hours I would pass and sit in one of the airports bars/restarants and just buy my own beer.....but if you are stuck for hours, traveled all day and need a more comfortable place to rest away from screaming children and irate passengers probably worth it. The Staff is friendly, can keep you updated on flight info (even getting boarding passes) and bathrooms smell good! :) Problem is....next time I travel I have to go back to the cattle yard sitting area and my pink bag will probably get juiced by some unknown bored and upset toddler...... with only being able to dream about the luxery of the lounge while falling asleep in my hard, no armrest /backrest chair ....causing my head to fall over onto the shoulder of the poor unsuspecting travelor sitting next to me.....bummer....
1	Carry ons?  we got to carry them up to the plane then they asked everyone for the bags and ended up putting them in storage anyway.  wtf???  What does "carry on" mean then? am i confused?
3	Ah, the joy of traveling with a puppy in training...and finding a quiet spot off the concourse as well as behind security to coop and refresh...US Airways clubs on the low A (gates 1-14), high A (gates 15-30) and low B (gates 1-14) to the rescue!My route was to fly from Phoenix to New York City, then back through Phoenix to Albuquerque, ending up back in Phoenix less than 24 hours after I started the trip.  I was originally set to fly into JFK, but as that flight could sell out, I explored other options.  There were Newark, LaGuardia and White Plains opportunities.  Because it was a Friday and travel east was selling well, I got to the airport about 4:30 PM to see about my options.When I got to the airport, I found 3 opportunities: PHX to JFK, PHX to BOS to JFK, and PHX to EWR.  None of these flights would depart before 9:30 PM, so I went to the club location on the low A concourse.  As soon as the door closed behind me, I could not hear any of the noise from the gates below.  The attendant at the counter let me know my club pass was good for 24 hours from purchase, which worked well for me.The clubs are furnished with comfortable chairs and several televisions.  There are numerous choices for hot and cold beverages at no charge, including beer and wine.  The bar is fairly well stocked, as well, for those who wish to spend a bit on their relaxation drinks.  Add in complimentary T-Mobile wireless internet and a good selection of current newspapers and magazines, and it was easy to enjoy the time spent.  The attendant also took note of my flight and kept an eye on how it was progressing, in case I needed to switch my flight.Ended up flying to Newark.  I picked up the puppy and turned around, on the ground at EWR for about an hour and 40 minutes.  The TSA setup at Newark is very awkward, and could certainly be made more efficient.  I flew back to Phoenix on my way to Albuquerque.  This time, my flight was departing from a gate on the low B concourse.The US Airways club is decorated similar to the club on the low A concourse.  The layout is different, the staff helpful.  My original pass allowed me passage into the club.  The pup and I learned that service animals and puppies in training are allowed in the club only if they are wearing their cape or harness.  Pets are not allowed.  The morning options in the club included a wide variety of injection machine coffee as well as fresh-brewed.  There are bagels, peanut butter, cream cheese and cereal choices with milk.  For those who wish a relaxation drink, the bar is open.I tried the T-Mobile wifi, which is free, in both clubs.  If I needed to print something out, I would use the T-Mobile...the regular airport wifi works as good, and it does not bog down when many people are logged on.  Next time I travel for pleasure, I look forward to enjoying a glass of wine in the quiet of the club.
1	Friends don't let friends fly US airways . . . Seriously!! Pay the $10 $20 $50 for a better airline horrible customer service not even offered a food voucher for their mistake that has me here waiting til 641pm got here at 9am o_O
2	Small. Crowded too! guess everyone's flight was delayed or something...Club chairs lined in rows. So not very social if you're traveling in a group. Super limited selection of drinks and food. No beer choices. No wine choices (pick red or white). Very few snacks (apple, coffee cookies, bagged chips, trail mix; that's it).Bathroom is super small and outdated. Two stalls and one sink. Didn't even refresh the paper towels. Definitely better bathrooms outside.Wifi is free at this airport. So it doesn't matter to me that there's US Airways - hosted wifi here.As a perk for frequent flyers, I suppose it's nice to get the paper, and get unlimited drinks and a few snacks for nothing. But if you're actually paying to get in, it's not worth the $25 or whatever.
3	Always a great place to hang when waiting for a flight. I wish they would open up the bar like United.
2	Small, smelly, and an embarrassment for a SkyClub.
3	A nice quiet retreat. Some humble offerings (soup, olives, peanuts, chips) and a rather basic bar. Comfortable seating and a fair amount of power outlets. Nothing fancy or luxurious here though...
4	I enjoyed this club a lot - spacious - lots of places to sit, read, talk or do some business. The overall cleanliness was spot, including restrooms. Staff was very friendly and actually made me feel good to have spent the money to join!
2	The club in terminal 4 is closed for remodelling so we had to walk quite a distance to get to the other club in an adjacent terminal, and I can truly say it was not worth the walk.I am always amused by the level of "screening" one needs to go through to get into the joint. First having to be buzzed in and then having to successfully go through the gauntlet that the ladies at the front desk put you through. We saw quite a few travelers turned away because they did not have the correct credentials. Based on this level of scrutiny it should be WAY nicer than it is.The club is quite small with limited seating and there are a limited number of electrical outlets. The wifi is pretty fast,  but it is also free throughout the airport so that is not too much of a benefit. The food is limited to small bags of chips, some trail mix and packaged biscuits as well as 1oz packages of cheese which are kept under the watchful eye of the bartender. Most of the magazines are quite random (eg. a magazine dedicated to swimming pools) and not terribly exciting. The bathrooms are actually less fancy than the ones out in the terminal.U.S. Air could learn a thing or two about hospitality from their international counterparts.
2	This is for the club by Gate A17. Smallest club I've ever been in but still better than sitting out in the terminal. Friendly staff, nice snacks (trail mix, chips, crackers and fruit). I would have been disappointed if I had paid for admission but coming in for free with a guest using the American Express platinum card made it worthwhile. Not sure this lounge is worth going out of your way to get to but it was nice having it two doors down from our gate.
2	This is for the club by Gate A21. This is the smallest club I've ever been in but being here is still better than sitting out in the terminal. Friendly staff, nice snacks (trail mix, chips, crackers and fruit), free wifi. I would have been disappointed if I had paid for admission but coming in for free with a guest using the American Express platinum card made it worthwhile. Not sure this lounge is worth going out of your way to get to but it was nice having it two doors down from our gate.
4	Spacious, friendly, and comfy--those are all great attributes to a decent club room. Great selection of snacks, lots of outlets for charging various batteries, nice quiet rooms for phone calls...also a bonus. The nicest part was the really friendly staff...which is unusual for US Airways, but a refreshing change. If you have to hit up a club room, this won't be a disappointment.
4	It's easy to give this place 4 stars because I love being in Arizona. I also think the staff are about as friendly as they get - though I did have to help with rolling down the shades as the staff were attempting to do this by climbing onto a stool - I'm a safety professional and that just cannot happen.The place wasn't the biggest of clubs, but there was everything I wanted and it was neat clean and I felt very comfortable - just didn't want to be leaving!
1	My American Express Platinum is no longer accepted and because of this inconvenience AMEX offered a program priority club. this  priority club allows me to  have "passes" I can use to enter the lounge at designated airports. That being said the awesome representative/receptionist was obviously having a rough start to her morning perhaps she  hadn't had her coffee for the morning. She  abruptly told me they don't know longer accept American Express platinum nor  do they accept the priority club pass. It was a very small lounge, not offering much. I'm not upset about that it's just the fact that after I called American Express and verified that this lounge did except the priority club Express pass. So 1 star become this lounge needs to be more informed/up-to-date on this priority club pass.
1	It's not the best club in the world but not the worst I've been in.  Would be worthy of 3 stars likely.   But when I show up for a flight at 6:15 am to find out the club opens at 6:00, it can't get more than 1 star.   Please align your hours to actually accommodate your passengers.  If you have flights leaving early or late, open the club accordingly or don't offer the club.
1	I would give this 1/2 star if possible.  It receives that distinction only because it has walls, a roof and offers a place to wiz.  Very small.  Few spots to spread out and work.   Annnnnd, the snootiest front desk "ladies" of any such club.  I've met ice cubes warmer.  Oh, and I was scolded for bringing in food.  So you can't bring in and eat a burrito but you can eat the day old mushroom soup and pick from the olive trough that the club provides?  Please.  The main terminal is much more pleasant.  Bah bye!
4	Great place to have a snack, relax and get some work done. Well worth the annual fee!
1	I guess I was spoiled by the old International Lounge at PHL because this one blows, its so small, and crowded.  There was not even a place to sit down in here.  Won't be back
3	This review is for the Concourse A lounge (higher A). Went here on a 2hr layover. Used my Admirals Club membership (which now covers US airways lounges also) and got in without a hitch. This lounge is small! If you do not have a departing flight in this side of Concourse A, I suggest going to one of the other 2 US lounges either in the low A or concourse B, since this one might get crowded. But, this is one of the few stateside lounges that serves soup and olives, usually it's just a few crackers so it was a nice change of pace. Complimentary Bud/Bud light, anything else and you have to pay which is typical nowadays. Abundant power outlets which let me work. But, the internet!! It was dial-up speed, I don't remember having internet this slow in ages. Not sure if it was down, or it's just slow internet but I could barely do any work that required a connection. Would've been 4 stars just for the soups and whatnot but have to dock a star for this internet issue. I'll check out the other lounges next time. But like I always say.. would you rather sit at the gate? Nope.
4	This club is located on the second level of terminal B b.  It was a US Airways  club  and recently rebranded to AA.  Nice facilities but a little on the small side.  A lot of power ports everywhere and free WiFi. The bar has standards,  but lacks a lot of additional mixes to make old fashioned drinks.  The staff is friendly and helpful. Food is close by in the shops downstairs.
3	Escape to an oasis - away from all of the airport hustle and bustle, and enjoy personalized service and comfort...They offer: Personal travel assistance with your reservations including seat selectionUpgrade standby list requestsComplimentary coffee, tea and soft drinksComplimentary light snacksComplimentary Wi-Fi in all locationsComplimentary PCs with InternetQuite decent airpoet lounge
3	The club personnel are really helpful, got me changed to the best Y seat on the plane!Lounge itself can use an upgrade though.Not much amenity wise but comfortable and out of the way.Scent selection of coffee and teas although some tea options were empty.Overall, not worth to pay unless you have an annual pass.Sure they have other clubs around the airport with better amenities.
2	Not impressed with this club, very small and no food. Had kind of a depressing, old vibe to it. Defintely not worth the $50 to get in if you don't have a membership.
