2	I have been here several times over the years. The food and service has been, and continues to be good for a Jack in the Box. The big, and continuing problem with this place, is a spineless management that for some reason continues to allow a lot drug addicts/dealers, as well as panhandlers, etc... continue to lumber in the dining area and the parking lot. It makes for an uncomfortable experience with almost every visit. I understand this is not in the best location. It does happen to be in a location that is seeing some real improvement though. It's too bad they choose not to be a part of the positive redevelopment solutions that have taken root in the area. It seems they would realize that keeping the bad element moving along would net them more business in the long run. I'm sure plenty of area residents refrain from this location for the reasons mentioned above, I think I'm going to have to be of of them myself. It's really too bad.
3	Went to this location as it is nearby the Las Vegas Premium Outlet.  I like Jack in the Box for their all day breakfast menu, and this place was the closest I could find. I did notice a little bit of an element of drug or prostitution or something was going on. But it did not deter from my experience here; this location was very clean on the outside and inside. My food was good and served at a good temperature; the counter person gave me a refill coffee with a smile. What more can you ask for from a JB?
4	Well, first of the all the view of the STRATOSPHERE from here is fantastic....i got some great shots!!! Secondly the food and service were outstanding so i would come here again if i wanted that for sure. I have been to several of these establishments all of over the western part of this country.....and this is the CLEANEST one i have ever been in....it was totally immaculate....you could eat off the floors if you wanted. However this establishment didn't receive 5 stars.....because i agree with my fellow yelper Steve F. When you allow panhandlers....drug addicts....drug dealers....pimps....transients....etc....to come onto and into the property that does make for an uncomfortable situation. If they fix this problem this could be one of the best Jack in the box's anywhere. Eat, Drink and Be Careful....but remain Merry my Friends!!!!!
3	Bumping the review from a 1 to a 3 star. A total retro/mod interior redo and not a bum, tweeker, or hooker on site, inside or out. WOW! I had not been there for months and was pleasntly suprised that every person in the dining area and parking lot looked pretty normal. I may have just lucked out with this visit, but I will now at drop in a little more often and keep you updated. If this continues, this place gets 4 star from me. Jack always has a diverse menu for a fast food place. The food quality has always been good, and service has always been friendly here. Could this Jack in the Box be turning into yet another downtown business that is being a part of the solution (and not the problem) to Downtown Las Vegas redevelopment? I hope so...time will tell. Jack, just keep away the addicts of crack, and I'll keep coming back. Tell the ho' she gotta go. Don't let the tweeker be a keeper. Kick the pimp to the Goodyear blimp. Help keep our hood mo' good.
3	What can I say? It's just a Jack in the Box. Some times referred to as Jack in the Crack. It has the same exact menu and taste as all their other convenient locations. I go to Jack in the Box when I am broke and I usually order the 2 tacos for 99 vents and a jumbo jack. That's a nice meal for under 5 bucks! I love the tacos even after finding out the mysterious meat in the tacos was actually soy. Put some of their strange taco sauce on it and it taste like food to me.This location is strange. There are some hours when the restaraunt is full of tourist getting a bite. Then early mornings and odd hours of the day it becomes a homeless hangout. With a dollar menu anyone can get enough change to get a item and hang out and eat. That is the time I use the drive thru. Be cautious when exiting the drive thru roll up your window. I have been trapped trying to get out to the road with someone begging for the tacos I just ordered. The service is excellent. Everyone is friendly and they always have at least one person working that speaks good English. They are fast and always have smile.If you happen to be hungry and you are in the area, be assured that you will have the same Experience here that you would have at any other Crap in the Box!
4	I like Jack in The Box. Good fast food. This particular location is in a very dicey part of town. Drug dealers, hookers and hoes, and homeless people standing near property. As I was leaving parking lot I was approached by homeless man.
5	My order has been hot, fresh and accurate every time at this location
1	Normally I roll by here late night for a quick bite and have no issues.  This morning at about 4:45 am I rolled by the drive through and they were closed.The sign on the window says they are open 24 hours, but from what i experienced today, I guess not.  The female on the drive through intercom said they were closed.  I've never had issues like this here before.  Maybe I should call the 1-800-955-JACK number to confirm the hours of operation?
