5	The music here was excellent, the vibe was really cool and best of all it was not very busy. This was my first time here, and all I really had was a few pints and a couple unexpected shots. It was a great night, definitely a place that I will be going back to.
3	There was nobody in this joint when we got there which kinda threw us off but we were looking for a low key place to just chill anyway so seemed perfect. We had already went out to eat before and just wanted a little something to nibble on so got the calamari, which were really good. Not too chewy, light batter. They have a pretty good drink menu and the music is nice and relaxing. Definitely a chill vibe going on. The waitress didn`t seem too happy to be there though at first. She was kind of dragging her feet. She seemed alright as time progressed.When we called for the cheque, this is where it went downhill. Another waitress came to bring it to us and totally mixed all our drinks together. It was only 2 bills, not sure how it can get so messed up. The 2nd time around, they still got it wrong. It seemed to take forever to correct it. She just ended up not charging me for one of my drinks. How can a place so relaxing end up being so stressful in the end!!
4	Things I like:Basement bars, 90's hip-hop, and the un-tied Timberland boot renaissance. Mix that up with a decent charcuterie platter, freshly spun cocktails, a balancing bar staff - and it ain't nothing but a gangsta party. Picture perfect.
4	The interesting thing about this place is that it is very cozy. I was here last night with a couple of friends and the place is dimly lit and it just looks overall very warm and chill. We got in and ordered our drinks, which by the way was a good deal - $10 for two pints. Now here's the interesting part: inside, there's a faux furnace with varying sizes of candles in it. There are mini candles on the tables everywhere and I was like "Oh cool. Mildly Gothic." And then all of the sudden Frank Ocean's "Super Rich Kids" is blasting on the speakers. And then a few more tracks from Channel Orange. And then some more contemporary Hiphop music. I gotta say, I loved the contradiction. It's a Friday night, they have  full bar with a few of my favorite drinks in it, all the bartenders are girls (coincidence?) and they are looking extra fine. We paid ~$32 including tip - 5 pints of beer, and a glass of... Coke. I know, we had a 22-year old PhD kid with us who hates beer and sushi. Cheers!
