4	I'd like to think that the temperature was set so that we could burn as many calories as we were ingesting. Ok maybe  not AS MANY, but any help counts, right?For starters, how awesome is the Yelp community that when I didn't make the list (really, i'm not as cool as you thought), Danielle (another fellow Elite) offered to bring me as her +1? Seriously, that was freaking awesome and so so sweet of her. Obviously it was even better that she and her crew ended up being so cool and fun to hang out with. Aww, The Yelpers bring the warm and fuzzies within.Alright back to the sugar coma. Holy cow LGO was feeding us like they were prepping us for a marathon. I managed to eat 3/4 of the pain au chocolat (chocolate filled croissants) and after that I couldn't manage eating more than a bite of each thing... but i tried EVERYTHING. And, despite not having knifes to go halfies on stuff, we still managed to share to prevent being wasteful on the amazing treats that they had out. Although the desserts were superb, the breakfast treat table was still my favorite. Well, after the mint flavored ice cream, that tasted like a mojito on an herbal crack sans the alcohol. Then I saw the chefs put scoops of peach ice cream on the champagne and my eyes almost fell out of my socket.Props to Lindsay for having the brilliant stroke of genius to hand out those hand-fans.. but mostly, props to the dude that had the balls to propose to his girlfriend in front of a crowd of hungry strangers. Hey, at least they had free champagne at their disposal immediately after. Right? Damn right.
5	Dahl's Charlie has nothing on me. We walked into a room where four scoops of Gelato was only the beginning of this Diabetic Coma Affair. We then walked into the back kitchen and there were 5 tables full of any sweet treats you can imagine. Scones, muffins, cupcakes, cakes, brownies, and cookies. Also, a table of wine spritzers and water to wash down the indulgence. They even had their signature, and oh so yummy, English Muffins. It was fun watching them bake them too. I honestly have to say for the first time ever in my life that I am full. lol --I am actually so stuffed right now and full of sugar I am just staring at the walls in a daze. Teehee. The thought of ever eating another sweet treat again is making me sick. Okay, ask me again in three hours and I am sure I will deny ever saying that. By the way, the Swag Bag is to die for. Inside were two ten dollar credits to come back for more sweet treats and even more sweet treats in the bag. Sigh, again boo to the summer goal of getting skinny. I have no will power at all.Thanks as usual to Lindsey who is the queen! Oh yeah, Wow! Did I mention there was even a wedding proposal at tonight's event? So sad I was in the front room and I missed it. I heard the cheering though. How sweet ( No pun intended) of the future groom who knows his gal likes to bake. I wonder if he put the ring inside one of those huge cookies or cupcakes?  :0)
5	Holy Crap, I think my extremities are going numb from early onset diabetes. I ingested SO much delicious, sugary goodness and washed it all down with too much pink champagne. Too good for the common man, I tell you.I started off with the artisan gelato that was offered as we entered the hallowed halls of the baking room room at LGO. Seriously I felt like I was at Willy Wonka's because there were so many BEAUTIFUL baked goods and LOTS of them. All that was missing was oompa Loompas working the tables and singing cheerful songs. What we got instead were the gracious and talented LGO team offering up their best.A DJ spun some righteous, posh tunes while two candelabras added some atmosphere while I stuffed my face with gelato, cinnamon roll, mini cakes, a lighter than you can imagine English Mufffin and, wait for it, brownies with the French Sea Salt. It's not just for cookies anymore! Now that I think about it, I kind of feel like I was a first year at Hogwarts too. Too much good stuff.Quarters were a little close and it got a little stifling at times, but what else would you expect when you have a small space, lots and lots of good stuff and throw in some Yelpers? Fortunately fans were distributed and I managed to keep cool with the pink champagne.Mondays really suck but I will never complain about a Monday again after tonight........now I think it's time to keep drinking.
5	As my first Yelp event in the Phoenix area, my friend and I had a great time and were both VERY impressed with the event!From the moment arriving where we were greeted by Lindsey and then treated to four flavors of delicious gelato, the first impression was a very positive one!  We then saw english muffins being baked fresh in the "breakfast for dessert" area.  We made some new friends in the cupcake area (where some Yelpers were decorating their own cupcakes) and shared a few of the desserts before checking out some of the other cakes and cookies (and getting the opportunity to suggest some new cookie ideas for LGO).  Then there were some drinks and water to wash down the delicious snacks.  Add in plenty of fun conversations with other Yelpers and finally, a great gift bag on the way out with pistachios, cookies, an english muffin,  and some LGO bakery gift cards.  While this was an amazing event, I have always been a huge fan of LGO whether the bakery, pizzeria, gift shop, gelato, or coffee.  Thanks to Yelp and LGO for a great evening!
5	OMG, I am delirious.   This event was right up my alley, all the sweetness and carbs necessary to put me on a comma.  LGO went all out and provided FULL SIZE items.  The cookies were gigantic.  Since my hubby was sent away on business, I asked my friend Maryanne to come with me.  I am so glad,  because we shared the items we sampled.  I couldn't possibly sample as much.  I loved  one of the cakes that had the peaches on top, so moist and delicious.  The cookies were great, but what amazed us the most was the home made english muffins, OMG, they are so delicious.  My friend ended up buying some to take home to her family.  The gelato sampling was awesome, I loved, loved, loved the peach sorbetto, so refreshing.  The mint, chocolate chip was great, also.  I could taste the fresh specs of mint.  My friend gave me a great idea for the twins birthday.  I am going to have LGO cater an ice cream social for us.  Hopefully they can make the cookies a little smaller.  They can make any flavor ice cream you want  as long as you order at least a gallon, which is going to be easy, most of my twins' guests come in pairs, so the number is pretty high.  Thank you, Lindsey for setting this amazing event up and of course all the people from LGO who were so gracious and informative.
5	After the absolute worst day possible at work, being tired, hot, tired, and frustrated...Le Grande Orange and Lindsay saved the day! I still can't believe the amount and size of all the goodies! My favorite was the chocolate croissant. The red velvet cupcakes and english muffins were also amazing. So awesome that we bought some to english muffins to bring home. And the swag bag...OMG! Two $10 vouchers to buy more goodies and more sweets! They really spoiled us. I am very impressed at how well they treated us. How did I not know about this place! I will now be a regular! I can't wait to go have another chocolate croissant and try some of their food. I will think fondly of them in the morning when I have my muffin for breakfast and a cookie with lunch! It is like the party doesn't have to stop with all the goodies I have still to eat from the bag!
5	I can't think of a better place to go into a sugary food coma than at LGO's bake shop! Much thanks to Lindsey for hosting this amazing event that included smooth, refreshing gelato, various baked goods such as croissants and English muffins, and delicious sweets such as cupcakes, brownies, cookies, and small cake bites. Everything was freshly made from scratch. Even the marshmallow fluff in the fluffernutter cake was made on site! My favorites were the cake bites with the blood orange gelatin topping, the buttery, flaky croissants, and quite possibly the best English muffins I've ever had! These large, soft, pillowy savory treats were made fresh on the griddle by one of the talented chefs here.Drinks included pink bubbly champagne, water, and something in a heated container (Coffee? Tea?). The goody bags after the event were equally amazing, as they included one of LGO's lovely English muffins, 3 different cookies, a sample of granola from Grateful Spoon Gelato, and a voucher for the LGO bake shop! Although parking at LGO is always a bit of a difficult process, it was relatively painless using the valets around the corner, who were very friendly and efficient. I'm definitely a fan of LGO's bake shop after this event! I can't wait to use those vouchers! Thanks again Lindsey!
5	master-bakers.
5	Who cares if you have a muffin top the next day, Sweet Bake In at LGO was awesome!  So Anna M. and I were hanging out later by the cooler area by the gelato stand and I had gotten rid of my champagne glass.  A nice gentleman had gone all around the room that evening filling people's glasses, of course, I kiddie with him not having a glass anymore. He said if you have a glass I can pour...so the next time he came around, I presented him with a glass...well a gelato cup but it could still hold the champagne.  With a look and a grin he poured...twice ..then the third time he brought me a glass :-) Adorable! We thanked him for the evening and went on our way to dinner where he later showed up with more champagne for us.  Thank you Cole! We loved the muffins and you!
5	I seriously think I am in a sugar coma tonight!  A night indulging in GIANT cookies (the peanut butter cookie was my fave), cakes, cupcakes, pastries goodies, gelato (yummy peach gelato), freshly made English muffins, champagne, coffee, and much, much more.  You can taste until your heart's content.  Oh my!  If that wasn't enough, we all left with more delicious goodies in a gift bag.  Kudos to Lindsey, Yelp, & LGO!   Look forward to try other delious goodies from the bake shop.
4	I have heard so many good things about La Grande Orange and having this be a Yelp event, finally gave me a reason to go.  I loved the gelato.  The chocolate was my favorite.  I also tried the red velvet cupcake and a cinnamon roll.  I love red velvet, but I feel like the frosting was too sweet.  Now people who know me, know that I have a huge sweet tooth and for me to say something is too sweet, really means, it's too sweet.  The cinnamon roll was good, but I only like eating the inside part of it, because it's softer.  I loved that our location was "behind the scenes".  That was pretty cool.  All the staff was so nice and helpful.  Everyone was smiling.  There were goodie bags to take home too.  I thought that was really nice, since my husband was supposed to come with me, but got off work really late.  This way, I was able to bring him home some of the good stuff that he missed.I do think I will go back.  The only issue I found was the parking.  I knew from driving past LGO on prior occasions, that parking was not going to be fun, but this time, when my destination was LGO, I really didn't know where to go.  There wasn't really any clear sign.  I saw that there is complimentary valet parking, but I wasn't sure where to pull into and each time I tried to pull into the teeny tiny parking lot, there were already at least 2 cars ahead of me with their rearends sticking out in traffic.  I ended up parking on a street down aways.  Be careful if you do this, though.  There are signs that tell you where you can't park.
5	What a fun event! I just about needed to be rolled out of there after so much dessert. We got to try 4 flavors of gelato (all delicious), nutella croissants (so flaky and delish), several different types of cakes, cupcakes (red velvet, good as always, and hostessesque ones, also delish), cookies, champagne....it was as good as it sounds. We got to walk around the bakery and see all of the equipment was cool.....the walk in freezer was especially cool :-P. Thanks Lindsey and LGO for putting on such an awesome event!
5	Pastry and sweets lovers dream! I had never been here before and I am so glad I now know about this amazing bakery. I don't even like scones but the blueberry scone I had was to die for! I also loved the red velvet cupcakes and english muffins. I wish I had room to try more! Everything was amazing and there was so much of everything to try. They really went above and beyond. The take home bag was really nice. Lots more sweets and gift cards. I didn't think it was possible for Yelp events to get any more amazing but Lindsay really outdid herself this time!
5	(Lyrics - Neon Trees - Everybody Talks)Hey Lindsey won't you look my wayI can go to LGO Bake ShopHey Lindsey what you gotta say?Are you giving me the chance to goI'm the elite Yelper and this doesn't happen all the timeI found out that everybody yelpsEverybody yelps, everybody yelpsIt started with some Gelatos!And that was when I enteredAnd then she made baked goodsI could taste the cupcakesTell me that you love snacksDJ Sterlings always gotta backtrackWhen everybody yelps back(Lyrics - Neon Trees - Everybody Talks)Chef Turner you could bake my cakeAlso serve me more rose champagneToo much could mean a DUIAll these desserts make me hungryOh my my YelpEverybody yelps, everybody yelpsEverybody yelps too muchIt started with some Gelatos!And that was when I enteredAnd then she made baked goodsI could taste the cupcakesTell me that you love snacksDJ Sterlings always gotta backtrackWhen everybody yelps backNever really been too LGO....yeah I know what's up with that!?  However their baked shop is awesome!  Sweets sweets and more sweets!  I couldn't eat them all cause they were "man-sized" portions!  I was expecting samples, but nope grown-up sized!  I sound like wimp saying this, but wowza; may I have a petite portion please?  Gotta watch my girlish figure!  However, thanks LGO and Chef Turner for showering us with such delicious delight.  DJ Sterling spinning again and a Yelp proposal!?  Zoinks!  Cough, cough, cough, almost swallowed my cupcakes!  That was awesome and I hope the best for the couple -- congratulations!  Overall, the line was worth waiting for.  Though it was hot in the kitchen, but you know what they say --- if you can't handle the heat......get a Yelp fan! - Enjoy!
5	So I was basically in dessert heaven the minute I walked through the door. =) Goodness what a great event! When you first walk in you're already greeted with 4 different types of Gelato to try. I really the regular Greek yogurt and the mint chocolate chip one. Once you go further in, holy crud... talk about desserts beyond desserts! There was everything from cupcakes, to cakes, cookies, muffins, etc. I think my favorite was this tres leches cake thing. It was so amazing and it wasn't too sweet. There was also an apricot cake that was also quite delicious and tasty. I also tried the cookies which were spectacular and one of the things I really liked was the giant English muffin! It was so soft and warm and tasty. =) Plus there's nothing like washing it down with the sparkling champagne that they had. I swear, my glass was always filled. lol. =) Also to add to the event was the first Yelp proposal! Congrats to the happy couple! Everything was so delicious that I was literally in a sugar coma afterwards. As usual, Lindsey did an amazing job putting everything together. Great thanks to Lindsey and LGO for putting this together and having us! =)
5	Oh the sugar coma that I just woke up from. Is it possible to be hungover from sugar. So worth it though. This was once again another awesome event. Lindsey rocks as usual. Everything she touches turns to awesome. Thanks to the staff at LGO for hosting us.It started out a little crazy but once you figured out that the valet parking was complementary everything smoothed out from there. Stand in line for a little bit and then the curtain is pulled back and we are let behind the scenes of the bakery. Right out of the gate BAM here is some gelato. Much need cool treat and a great way to start. Very good. Even the flavors that I would normally not try were good like the peach. So I continue forward happily enjoying my cool treat when I turn the corner and enter the main bakery. Jaw drops and eyes pop out of head. I am six years old again. The room is filled with cakes and cupcakes as far as the eye can see. Then I see a sign with a phrase that I want tattooed on my butt, Cake Makes Everything Better. So true. So so true. I needed to instantly grow two more arms because I wanted to grab one of everything. Little chocolate cake bites, red velvet cupcakes some of the best I have ever had and chocolate Cupcakes a la Hostess but twice as big. I forgot how much I missed these even though these were a 1000 time better.Everything was so good even the pink champagne. Even a simple croissant was heavenly. Oh don't forget the English muffins. So fresh and fluffy made you feel like you had never eaten a English muffin before in your life.See what I mean about overload. So much good stuff the sugar coma was so worth it. Great to share it with some good friends and even some new ones. Always the point of a Yelp event to meet new friends. Interesting who you meet in walk-in freezer.Another great Yelp event that reminds us all why we love Yelp. Back into my sugar coma I go.
5	I don't like sweets.Well, at least not the kind I have had before. LGO has now ruined my waistline with their absolutely amazing baked goods! I live close, which makes this even worse...This place was unreal...it really was like being a kid in a candy shop. The gelato was fabulous (peach being my favorite). Then...oh then...you turn the corner to see a room FULL of every sweet treat you can imagine! I had no idea where to start, but very easily ended up filling my plate with some of the most beautiful and TASTY items. I must say that I cannot stop thinking about the warm, soft, chewy English muffins made fresh right there. I thought I knew what an English muffin was...boy was I wrong. Why can't they all be this heavenly???Thank you to Cole who always made sure my glass was full...much appreciated!This event was spectacular...did anyone else notice that LGO employs some serious eye candy? A treat for my belly and my eyes...who could ask for more??Bravo!!
5	This was my 1st time at La Grande Orange, and what a great way to get familiar with this place by attending the CYME. I have to say when I entered the 2nd room and I saw how big all those yummy treats where I felt like I was Alice in Wonderland and just ate that cake that made me small and was attending a party at the Mad Hatters!  My eyes could not believe the size of the cupcakes, cookies, brownies, danishes & croissants. Oh I just knew I was in sweet heaven!  I tried so many delicious things, the freshest strawberry Danish with this buttery melt in your mouth crust, the hugest chocolate cupcake, peach, chocolate, vanilla and chocolate mint gelato, and I have to say the chocolate mint was a surprise to me, it had both spearmint & peppermint in the blend. Its hard to pick a favorite on the cookies, but I have to say it's a tie for me, I really enjoyed the oatmeal cranberry raisin cookie and the chocolate chip cookie, both cookies were ligithly sprinkled with salt flakes, salty sweet combos are my favorite and La Grande Orange just took it to a whole other level with these cookies, unbelievably good! :( so heartbreakingly sad now that I have none to eat. And everything went so perfectly well with my pink champaign. But my very favorite item of the night, the English muffins OMG!!! I'm hooked and badly need more! Lindsey also saved us Yelpers by handing out the Yelp Fans! After all we all were in a working kitchen, and it was definitely hawt!   The only words that best describe this evening, indulgence, decadent, delicious. C`est Magnifique!Thank you Lindsey & Yelp for another great event and many thank yous to La Grande Orange for opening your doors to us and allowing us a sweet taste of bliss!
4	thank you Lindsey and LGO! I am a dessert-lover so this was an AWESOME event for me. my newly discovered favorites from LGO are their tres leches and their peach gelato! I also rediscovered my old favorite: the old-timer cupcake (the one that looks like a huge Hostess chocolate cake) -- literally the best cupcake I've ever eaten!I thought the proposal was so sweet (no pun intended) and I apologize to Mark and Heather for talking through your proposal, I didn't realize what was happening until people started clapping! I hope someone caught that on camera because that was definitely a moment to remember.
5	It was crazy hot that day, but in the back room of La Grande Orange Bake Shop, the woman cooking the English muffins over a superheated griddle was smiling. "Oh-my-Gosh!!" my friend says to me "You have to try one of those. They are amazing. The best English muffins in the world!" So I grab one and tear it in half so that we can both munch on it. She wasn't exaggerating. Those things are incredible. I love the tangy sourdough flavor. And the bread was so soft and pillowy but at the same time had the right amount of chewiness like a proper English muffin should have. I couldn't believe how they were puffing up like magic on that cook top right before my eyes. We were off to a great start. As we plunged into the crowd we knew it would only get better since there was every kind of baked sweet imaginable available for us to sample. I liked the cake samples the best since they were all full of flavor but very small bite size pieces so that you could eat more than one. Each was very different. I also got a cookie but it was so huge I couldn't finish it. By that time I was stuffed. We grabbed a couple of glasses of champagne but drank them in a hurry since it was super hot and crowded in the main room. Fortunately, they had a separate front room that was made available to us as well and that was pretty cool because of the gelato maker (oh, yeah, did I mention how awesome their gelato is?). Our super amazing and fabulous hostess, Lindsey, had the foresight to bring a whole bunch of Yelp fans and so those helped immensely as well.We did eventually make our way back to the main room once the crowd had died down and the same smiling woman was there with her exquisite handmade English muffins. "Here, take one for the road" she said. So we grabbed some (score!) and then later discovered that we also had some in our goodie bags (double score!). Everything I tasted here was absolutely delicious but I think the thing that impressed me the most about this event was how engaged and friendly the staff at LGO was. The baker at each station was genuinely eager to talk to people about their products as well as the process and ingredients that went into preparing them. It was very interesting and made it quite an experience.I really wish they sold their baked goods at AJ's or somewhere else closer to home because unfortunately this place is a bit of a drive for me. Fortunately, it is right next door to Postino Arcadia so I think I will have to organize a girls night excursion.... and while I'm there purchase some more of those wonderful English muffins at LGO's bake shop!
4	LGO was homeRUN! Like the other reviewers  before me I can't say enough good things about all the sweet indulgences they subjected us to. From the gelato to the super moist Red velvet cake I was amazed! I didn't get to try everything because I refused to pass out from a sugar induced coma but I will say this- that English Muffin was definitely the surprise of the night. I don't think it's possible for bread to taste any better than that dang warm, crispy, chewy English muffin! The LGO staff were super friendly and informative, I love it when a company and its employees can truly take pride in their product. The only reason I had to deduct a star for the event was because it was dreadfully hot due to the ovens being on and the amount of people in the space provided. Plus the parking was a pain in the butt. I can't wait to go to LGO on my own. PS- the gift bags were a nice touch. Great job on another event Lindsey!
5	Between the cupcakes, the gelato, the cookies and the incredible english muffins I don't even know where to begin this review.So I'll just start here - it was awesome!I had no idea LGO made so many bakery items! My favorites were the cupcakes and the english muffins. Who knew an english muffins could be that good? The two that were in our goodie bags did not last long at our house that's for sure. I think I've found my new addiction.It was fun to get a "behind the scenes" look and taste. I don't know if it was all the sugar but I don't think I've laughed that much in a long time.Thanks again, Lindsay for a fantastically sweet evening!
5	As I walk through the valley of warm-fresh-soft-moist-fluffy english muffins I knew I was in heaven. I put that muffin in my mouth and I felt this warm fluffy sensation of yummyness in my tummy. This was such a great event! I only got a chance to sample their cakes and the cakes were amazingly delicious. Their apricot cake was absolutely my favorite. The fresh mango pieces inside the apricot cake were a pleasant surprise! I ate three pieces and told my fat-self slow down and move onto the tres leches- my second favorite. The tres leches had the right creaminess and moistness- wasn't too sugary either. Their cinnamon swirl buns were also a fantastic treat. The cinnamon bun was crispy on the outside and soft and "doughy" on the inside. They also make their gelato in-house which I thought was very cool. Overall I liked that we got to hang out in their kitchen and get a sense of where all the magic happens. The staff was all very polite, friendly, professional, and knowledgeable.  I'm glad I got exposed to this amazing bakery and want to thank Lindsey and LGO bakery for making this happen!
5	Amazing event for any sweets lover. When I first walked in, there was a gelato station with mint chocolate, greek yogurt, peach and chocolate flavors. I thought the mint was the best and it had actual mint in the gelato. The peach was also very good and I was told that it was made from fresh peaches.After gelato tasting, I walked into the back and was greeted by tables of sweets. There were cupcakes of all flavors, cakes, cookies, etc. And all of that served with champagne! In addition, you can see the bakers baking some fresh English muffins for us. Those muffins were huge, fresh and extra soft. One of my favorites was the dumpling pastry which looked like a huge muffin. Upon eating it, it was more like a croissant with jam filling in muffin form... if that makes sense. It was topped with powder sugar and almonds.We were in the very spot where all the sweets are made so it was very cool to get a glimpse of the baking area. The staff was so nice and everything looked amazing. If you look at the pictures, the food was beautiful. This was a dessert paradise. Too bad I can't eat all that sugar in a two hour span.The event was awesome and thanks to Lindsey for setting it up. Thanks to LGO staff for the delicious food. I'm so glad I learned of the LGO Bake Shop. I would definitely recommend this place!
4	I am finally out of my food coma from Monday.  LOL!!   Wow, this was the place to be.  LGO has yummy everything!  Gelato samples to kick off the sugar coma.  I had apple pastry, mini cupcake, and mini brownie.  I had to stop!!  I was getting dizzy from the sugar...  =)  The muffins smelled so good, but I needed to save room from pizza from next door.  Still in my sugar coma, we got goodie bags with more sweets...  Kudos to Lindsey, Yelp, and LGO.  Minus 1 star due to the amount of people cramped into a small space.  =(
4	Yay to LGO for a wonderful event!  More sweets than one can imagine...big cakes, mini cakes, cookies the size of frisbees, gelato, champagne, and English muffins.  What else do you need?  I did not know what all the hoopla about the muffin was until I had mine from the gift bag the next day.  So much for my 100-calorie multi-grain Thomas English muffins.  And that salted chocolate chip cookie?  I can never again eat a cookie not bathed in salt.Since I was trying to control myself during the event, I appreciated the gift bag with take-home treats.  They even included gift cards!  I was also thankful my husband had to go out of town on business as he would have taken up space, and the event was a bit too crowded to be fully enjoyed.  I didn't get the chance to talk to the folks at LGO or my fellow Yelpers as much as I would have liked.  That's the only reason I'll go with 4 stars for this one.I was a little disappointed that I couldn't use my gift cards this morning, though.  English muffins-not included.  Pre-packaged cookies-not included.  They are only good for pastries out of the case.  So I ordered a brownie and a cookie from the case-not included either.  So be sure to ask what constitutes a "pastry" before you order.  I ended up just paying for my items, rather than getting things I didn't want or shouldn't have.But big thanks to Lindsey and LGO for a wonderful event!
5	Well what can I say.....yet ANOTHER spectacular YELP event hosted by our AWESOME community manager Lindsey D.....wohooo. The sweet treats were awesome.....and I do mean awesomely delicious....yummy. Everything from the Red Velvet Cupcakes......huge chocolate cupcakes......gluten free and vegan cookies....to the awesome must have ENGLISH MUFFINS was well prepared by the great chef's at La Grande Orange. The Gelato was great as well....so great I bought a pint of Vegan Peach to take home. Truly a spectacular evening except for maybe your waistline....LOL. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	*sniff* This was my last CMYE in AZ.And as usual it was amazing and we were spoiled rotten.I already loved LGO, but Id never really tried their baked goods. Man, have I been missing out! From the cakes, to the cupcakes which we got to decorate ourselves, to the cookies that were as big as a stack of CDs (remember those?)... Everything was amazing. And those english muffins?! So freakin good.This event was so worth standing in a hot hot room for. AND there was a proposal!I had a great time, and from the other review, my fellow Yelpers did as well.A big thanks to LGO bake shop, and of course Lindsey. Im gonna miss you girl!
5	This event was by far my favorite event.  I love sweet and I felt like I was in Heaven with all the deserts. There were cookies, English muffins, cakes, croissants champagne, muffins and gelato.    LGO and Lindsay did an amazing job with this event.  Everything was incredible and delicious too.  My favorite things of the night were the chocolate filled croissants, apple and chocolate cookies, gelato and the champagne.  Hope to see you all at the next Yelp Event.
5	Walking in LGO the aroma of sweet & savory draws you in! I took a few minutes to glance around at food that customers were enjoying & I wanted to grab a seat, a menu & a tall glass of whatever that gorgeous fruit filled concoction was they were sipping on! But  it was time to have dessert for dinner! Gelato to start, the peach was like my tongue jumped into summer, amazing! Even the Greek was perfectly sweet! We were guided into LGO's hot spot where fresh English muffins were baking into soft bites of heaven, surrounded by chocolate crescents, and the best  muffin, but it wasn't just your ordinary muffin it had blueberry swirling inside a light fluffy pillow of fruit filled goodness & whatever they called it I'm going back for more! Around every corner and on every table was another tasty treat, from cakes, to cupcakes you could sprinkle yourself,  to enormous soft baked cookies. Everything I tried had the perfect balance of sweetness!Thank you LGO and thank you Lindsey for a Sweet Event, and for the to go bag, I had some sweet dreams with that under my pillow!
5	La Grande Orange will always be a favorite place of mine. it may have something to do with the fact that I proposed to my future wife at this event. I'm a fan for life!!!  the English muffins are the best I've ever had and the staff is world class!!
