5	While shopping for a birthday gift earlier this month, I discovered House of Diamonds after a good friend referred me here.  Boy am I glad I discovered this gem!!!  The owner, Brent Taubman helped me create a unique right hand ring and I couldn't be more thrilled.  Prices are reasonable and they will work with your budget.  I can assure you this isn't the last piece of jewelry I will purchase from House of Diamonds!
5	House of Diamonds is a great place to go to find a nice gift for the wife or splurge on something for yourself, the decor is amazing, they make you feel extremely comfortable and they will work with you to find what you want and stay within budget. One of the other great things about them is that even if you don't see something you like in store they can custom make pretty much anything you want. You could bring in a picture of a ring from somewhere else and they can replicate it for you. Also everything is made in their store so they will size you and make it accordingly. I can't wait to go back and buy something else!
5	We went to House of Diamonds first, before visiting any other jeweler, on our search for anniversary rings.  The customer service from Brent Taubman (owner) was nothing short of exceptional. We were very impressed with the selection and quality, yet felt the need to visit other jewlers since this was our first stop.  In retrospect, we could have saved a great deal of time, as not one of the other companies we visited compared to House of Diamonds.  Brent was genuine and patient.  He created a beautiful custom ring and still gave us the best price around!  We highly recommend House of Diamonds to anyone looking for a great experience and high quality jewelry!  Thank you Brent for making our 10 year anniversary special!   We will be back!
5	I was the victim of a robbery and my wedding and engagement rings were stolen. I was fortunate enough to get insurance money for a new ring. With that, I was able to get the RING OF MY DREAMS from House of Diamonds. I am just in awe every time I look at my finger. Brent Taubman, the owner, is so knowledgeable about diamonds and explained the grading as well as the certification to us (unlike any other jeweler ever had). He made sure to listen to my requests and he had amazing ideas about how to make the ring perfect for me. It's really an exquisite work of art! The store itself is beautifully laid out and has this uber cool fish tank with jelly fish in it -- it kept my 2 year old entertained for a while :). And even though he was creating this ring from scratch, it was finished in about two weeks. So House of Diamonds has fantastic customer service and incredible products. I will definitely shop there again.
5	This is by far the best jewelry store in Arizona. First, Brent who is the owner is amazing. He will help you more then any jeweler I have ever met. He is honest and tells you exactly how it is. I have gotten numerous pieces from there for my fiancee and family. I can't say enough good things about the service, the quality of product, and the staff. Not to mention the store is so beautiful. They have a jelly fish aquarium set up in the middle and a full bar and T.V. for when our lady's take too long. The place is just amazing and I won't go anywhere else to get any jewelry. I have sent every friend and family member there and they have all been beyond happy.
5	Unbeleivable overall experience here in purchasing my Fiance'swedding ring.  We had looked at a number of stores, and she decided exactly what she wanted.  We went here by random chance, as we drove by, and they told us they make their own jewlery in house, right in the back of the store.  They were able to make exactly what my fiance wanted.  They sent her a drawing after we put our deposit down, and it wasnt exactly what she wanted.  She called them, they discussed, and sent a new picture that looked great.  But, my fiance was nervous as all hell.  Picked the ring up today, it EXCEEDED our wildest expectations.Two other very important notes here:  Price was great, significantly (like 30-40%) less than any other quote for a similar ring at all of the stores (around 10) that we went to.  They will negotiate and change some things with you, like adding smaller/less/more/larger diamonds and make you exactly what you want within your budget Second, its  a great place to sit while your fiance/gf/wife shops.  Brecause of their flat screen TVs and complimentary and well stocked bar, I was more than happy to hang out here on football saturdays for an hour while my fiance talked to the jewelersand explained what she wanted.
5	Love these guys! I have many pieces from House of Diamonds. Custom made diamond rings and earrings. They did free appraisals for me for our insurance company. Quick repairs. Everyone here is so friendly. Highly recommended. They will definitely take care of you. Love their jelly fish tank!
5	Brent the owner is truly top notch! He is very competitor, and knowledgable about everything. From custom pieces to loose stones he has never let me down. I will continue to shop here and refer people to them. Just so you know there is nothing they cannot do or something they cannot get. They will go above and beyond.
5	I was so impressed with this business. The customer service is exceptional and they do not pressure you. They were so informative and helpful to us, showing us so many different options in rings for both of us. We left with out rings with plans to return to purchase. Amazing jewelry and experience. Excited to have found my go to jewelry store!
5	These guys are the best in the business, they truly try to make you happy without pressure to buy, they love what they do and that is the way it should be done! don't even shop anywhere else, unless you want to waste your time.
