3	Not long ago, got some photorejuvenation facials purchased at this location. I have done 1 of them and the woman that assisted me was very nice, she explained to me what to expect and the benefits of the LHE machine.After the treatment my skin was feeling soft and smooth, have not seen any miracles but I wasn't expecting any to happen after just 1 session. So far so good.
1	i was very disappointed in the management and customer service.the person doing the laser removal on me was very nice but the manager was not helpful at all!i called 4 times between 12 and 4pm left 2 msg on their voice mail at around 1pm.they only called me back the next day. if you need a quick answer it kinda suckson the outside it looks like a random no-name hair salon under an apartment building. i was starting the doubt the coupon someone had bought for me.*I do not recommend anyone to go there!*i had a coupon for 1 year laser, but that is only 8 treatments, and i need about 18 treatments to get a significant amount permanently removed.i was allowed to treat 3 different body parts, i wanted to get only 1 body part and more treatment, others places i've been to had no problem negotiating. But NOT here.i wanted to do laser on the line of the belly which is smaller then the surface of the arm. the arm is a small body part, but for the belly line they counted it as two even thought is was 4 times smaller then the armwhen i took the appointment (one week in advance) they told me not to shave the body part that was going to be treated. i did not shave my underarms, but the hair was too short and they did not treat it. they told me to call the manager to ask for an other appointment because she was absent. that's when i called a few times and got no answer.she said that on the next appointment they would treat it....almost 2 moths and a couple of days later.....But what really upset me is they told me that i had lost one treatment for the the underarms
1	This place is HORRRRRRIBLE! They NEVER answer they're phone because the only way to communicate is by e-mail. Its ridiculous. They never have appointments available. Trying to book one is close to impossible unless you take days off work. They close for a month at Christmas and I JUST learned that there aren't any staff doing LHE laser for the month of AUGUST!??!?!?! She suggested I go somewhere else to do it.  The next appointment available was end of September. Regarding the system of communication for this place, they actually called me once to tell me the place would be closed for 2 weeks (during when I had an appointment) for renovations. My 8 sessions are looking like they would take me 2 years. No results AT ALL. I did IPL for a year and it was AMAZING!!! This stuff is a fake! The manager (ELSA) is such a waste of time, rude and condescending. I don't ever suggest going there even with a COUPON! They keep offering them cause they know they wouldnt have any business otherwise.
