3	This place just opened up about 2 months ago. It is located right near Retro Bakery and serves up an array of different food. Here you can get a Teriyaki Steak Bowl,Chicken Ceasar Salad Hoagie, Turkey South Western Egg Rolls, and A mini Lemon Bundt cake...yup, you see an array of stuff!!! It is a small place with a nice family running the place. There used to be a few tables in there but because they do not have a public bathroom the tables had to be removed so to -go orders are most likely it -unless you'd like to sit on a chair against the wall with no table.....I liked the spicy corn salad, house salad, chicken sandwiches in which my pattie can be dipped in whatever sauce I like (Teriyaki) and their lemon bundt cake is good but the cake could very well come from a box... I did not care for the chicken ceasar Hoagie as the bread was too tough (hard to chew) and the Tomato Bisque soup tasted like straight up marinara sauce.The rice in the bowls need to be less mushy as well...Even though items on the menu don't seem expensive it can build up fast as sandwiches don't come with a side or drink.They are new so I'm sure all the little kinks will work it self out and just today the owner gave me a free bundt  cake for coming back...If you are in the area give them a try - they just added some new stuff like fried shrimp,pulled pork sandwiches and I'm told that if you ask you can get Chicken curry on Saturdays & Burgers are coming....
4	Great local place I go at least two or three times a week. They have great wings and great side dish's My all time favorite is the combo terriaki bowl. If you like the one at jack in the box, you will love this one alot more
4	stopped in here today after picking up an order from the wonderful retro bakery. this place is right next door and my boyfriend and I were in the mood for a snack. we walk in to this cozy little place to one woman working. she was nice and helpful and after minutes on debating on what to get we decided on the 4 piece chicken tender with a side of sweet potato french fries. total was a little over 8 dollars. she said it would be about an 8 minute wait so we sat on some chairs up against the wall. now be forewarned there are no tables in this little eatery so make sure you know the food is to go. while waiting Dan and I were deciding where to eat this made to order little snack. We opted for a picnic in his car. (hey...we had to make it work!) After a few minutes of waiting and examining the menu some more for next time we got our little goodie bag. we took it to the car and opened the box of wings to a hot and spicy with a pinch of sweetness smell. we just looked at each other and couldn't wait to dig in. (oh btw we got the mom's special spicy sweet sauce.) we took some bites of the sweet potato fries. they were really good. the chicken was very fresh, juicy, and pure white on the inside. biting into these tenders was a little bite of heaven. ok maybe a little dieters sin, but so worth it. the sauce had so much flavor to it and it felt like these littler sinners were melting in my mouth. the little hint of spice lingered in my mouth for a few good moments. i wish we ordered more! Next time I go back I already decided to get an order of the jalapeno mac and cheese.I am only deducting a star for not having table and chairs for people to eat. My boyfriend and I decided next time we come back up here we will order this food and have a picnic over at floyd lamb state park. If you don't live in the area that would be a good (and cutesy!) option rather than driving it half an hour back to henderson. You could also do like we did and just picnic in the car. just be prepared for messy, sticky fingers and have lots of napkins handy!
4	I love this Mom & Pop place - even better that it's just down the street.I love the Shrimp BLT.  It's not made on regular bread but in a fluffy pita bread.  But it's yummy, all the same.  And they don't skimp on the bacon or the shrimp.Their wings are always so crispy, even after sitting in the take-out box for a little bit.  I always get the Garlic & Parmesan and sometimes mix it up with Mom's Signature Sauce or Hot & Sweet Thai Chili.I've tried several of the sides and I must say I like their Hawaiian Style Mac Salad - it's not as rich as some other places, but might not be what you're used to at a typical Hawaiian restaurant.And the mini bundt cakes! I'm not usually a sweets person so I love that it comes in a miniature size and it hits the spot just perfectly.This is a take-out place since there are no tables.  If you can, call ahead and place your order before hand, since everything is made to order and will take a few minutes.
4	I gave Mom's Good Eats my first try the other day when me and my girlfriend were next door picking up an order at Retro. It's a small hole in the wall joint with no seating but something was calling our name. Good thing we went in and checked it out because it was a good find. Though I must admit we were both very skeptical at first going into a place with no seating and being that we've never eaten there we had no clue what to expect. We ended up ordering Chicken Tenders smothered in moms Sweet & Spicy Sauce with Sweet potato fries. The lady behind the counter was very friendly and the Kitchen was in plain view so you know your food is made to order. We received our food and proceeded to my car for a "Picnic" lol. As soon as we opened the box my sinuses immediately clear up and I couldn't wait to dig in. Chicken Fingers are one of those foods that are hard to mess up but you can really tell when a place does it well. Crispy enough on the outside with hot & moist white meat on the inside. Mom's special sauce was awesome! not too sweet not too spicy : )As for the sweet potato's; they were absolutely to die for! I still have some places to try in town before I can say they're the best I've had but they're up there for sure! They also had some interesting stuff on there menu that I would like to try next time they stop in like Jalapeno Mac & Cheese, Teriyaki Chicken Bowl, Etc. If I didn't live all the way across town this would be the perfect place for when you're on your way home and just want something tasty because you don't feel like cooking kind of nights ; ) I'm giving Mom's Good Eats 4 stars on strength of flavor and reasonable prices. Definitely worth a try!
5	alright, i am going to confess my love for mom's good eats AGAIN! i made a return visit yesterday while Dan T. and I were on that side of town. We just couldn't resist the sweet potato fries. We walked in knowing that was a done deal and also saw that by checking in on yelp we were rewarded with chili cheese fries as well. While deciding on what else we wanted we were lucky to meet Jim who I am assuming is the owner along with his wife. I introduced myself and chatted for a few minutes and told him how I had made review of the day and thanked him for such great tasting food. I am upping them one star because even though they lack seating they make up for it with the passion they put in their lovely, little eats. Maybe I shouldn't say little though because for pricing their portions are fairly large and very filling. The sauces have so much flavor and everything just taste so fresh and made to order. Just look at my pictures if you don't believe me. go...i dare you. don't worry...i'll wait. :)Now while debating between jalapeno mac and cheese or fried ravioli's the boyfriend and I opted for the small jalapeno macaroni. After all I did say in my last review how when I went back that it was a must. Our total for 3 pieces came to only $6.46 after tax. (remember we checked in to score free chili cheese fries though. saving us $2.99.) We were told it would be a few minutes so we just took up some seats and chatted. I noticed how they both went and washed their hands right after doing business with us and our money before preparing our food. Cleanliness is always a huge plus in my books. After about 7 or 8 minutes our food was ready and in the plastic bag and to our surprise they gave us some free fried raviolis!The sweet potato fries were just as I remembered and are still some of my favorite in the valley. The jalapeno mac and cheese was so creamy with just the right amount of spice and left a nice little kick in my mouth afterwards. i love the way mom's good eats spices and sauces linger in my mouth. keeps me wanting more! the fried raviolis were crispy on the outside and soft, melt in your mouth, on the inside. the marinara sauce has something addicting in it because i could have licked that little container clean! what is your secret?? the chili cheese fries were just how i like them...huge and sloppy. chili everywhere. cheese everywhere. i tried to go at them with my fingers, but i needed a fork. that container of them lasted me until today. which was good because i woke up craving them.Only two times there and I am hooked on mom's good eats and can't wait to make the drive up to Durango again for their "good eats!"Great service, great prices, great portions, and not to mention great food. a 5 star quick eats in my book.
2	way too much salt on the wings, otherwise they'd be good
