5	I recently went to Fountains for laser hair removal. I have nothing but good things to say about the office and the staff. The office is very professional and clean. The laser technician was friendly and very knowledgeable.  The prices were also very reasonable.  All in all, I was very impressed by the office and I would recommend others to go to them also!
5	So, I admit, I found this place on Yelp. Yelp is my go-to source for everything, including health care. As the other reviewer stated, some of the staff is Asian and they do have an accent. However, I've never had a problem conversing with them over the phone or at the desk. After all, most of your conversation should be with one of the doctors or the nurses - who as far as I can tell, speak perfect English (English as first language).The care I've received has been good. I think the time it took to make an appointment and get in has been phenomenal. Each time I've gone, I've been able to get an appointment within 5 days, half of that by my own doing due to my own personal scheduling. But maybe this is the norm for most places... but I'm just used to past doctors that sometimes have a month waiting list. No bueno.The main doctor, Richard Le, is good and fun to talk to... at least as a guy to guy. He's a guy I could see getting off work and having a drink with kind of cool. He doesn't have that stuck-up attitude that some doctors have and normally explains everything so that you can understand it.
5	Since August we have experienced nothing but excellent and friendly healthcare.  The staff is caring and you never feel rushed.  Great for all ages.  We are in the 18 to 77 range in my family and all are pleased.
4	I liked this facility.  The staff was very nice. SARA THE PA was very thorough and asked if I had any questions. She wasn't in a hurry like most.
4	I usually don't like going to the Doctors. Most of the time I feel they just run you through a bunch of test to run up a bill on your insurance and consider you as just another number. Fountains Family Care was great and coming from me, that means allot. The FNP-C that I saw was Nicole Mastorakos and she was great. Down to earth and great understanding of the medical field and alternatives.
5	The basics:Wait time, what wait time? They literally came and called me back right on the minute of my appointment.Reception is very nice and welcoming.The facility is very nice and updated. Everything seemed very clean. They seem to offer convenient appointment times, no waiting several months to see someone. I was a little wary of seeing a PA, but I was extremely pleasantly surprised when she turned out to be excellent. The entire staff was very friendly. Staff passing by the nurses station where I was waiting for my scripts, smiled at me which was a very welcoming feeling. I somehow feel as though most medical office staff must have taken a course in grumpiness, when they should be polite. The PA took her time to talk not only about my issues, but about the holidays that were coming up. The nurses and the technician who came into the room to give me a shot, all asked me what my plans were for the holidays. I had every single issue taken care of on my visit. I am thrilled I finally found a great doc!
