1	Unless you live in the area, this particular location should be avoided. About a year and a half ago, I came to this establishment around 2 a.m. I had just finished ordering at the menu and was getting ready to pull around the corner to the window. I had glanced over at 2 men in dark clothing at the nearby Circle K and saw that one of them was holding what looked to be a gun. I didn't stare directly at them so as to not provoke them to shoot me. I didn't want to die and be remembered for going to Federico's at 2 a.m. for a breakfast burrito. I pulled up to the window, never looking at them. I was frightened for my life and eventually sped off. They looked like they were just about ready to rob Circle K up until the point that I pulled around the corner. Little did I know, right when I pulled up at the window, they walked off. I stopped going there for a very long time. Before that, I had been going there almost everyday. It's close to where I live and their guacamole is far better than Filiberto's. I was at a Subway restaurant and one of the cashiers from Federico's recognized me. I told her what happened and my story came to her with no shock. She told me people walk in there with guns all the time. I also know personally just by passing by the place on my way home from work that there's a lot that goes on at that Circle K for cop cars to be there quite often.Anyway, fast-forward to now and I have returned in search of non-processed, wholesome food. The friendly cashiers and other staff that had been working there are now gone. They've been replaced by this really gorgeous cashier who'll probably be the prettiest girl you've ever seen in real life, with an extremely sour attitude. If you pay with cash, you'll probably have your change thrown at you. If you pay with a card, you'll have to sign the statement and I don't think it flatters her if you write 0 as the tip. "No, I don't want some of your spit in my Carne Asada Burrito." If you're coming to eat here, make sure you have enough ones, fives, pennies, nickels, dimes, and quarters to make exact change. If you pull up on a payday Friday and there just happens to be 10 people in line at the drive-thru and one person in line at the counter, do not opt to go inside. I did that a couple of times and always saw the last car in line leave before me. It became apparent that if you choose to sit inside that your order will be placed on the back burner. I swear I must have been sitting there for just under half an hour. They have two different television sets going, each at an audible level, on two different channels. Their interior is clean and if you plan to use the bathroom, postpone your plans until you get home. I've never gone in the actual restroom, but you need a key, which you get at the food counter, which is attached to a large rod, which probably isn't clean. If in a recent study that showed 82% of shopping carts tested positive for fecal matter on the area most in contact with human hands, then the probability of there being the same bacteria present on this thing would be 100.00%.
2	The torta did not have any flavor and the beans were warm but not enough to melt the cheese that was places on top. :-\
2	We didn't get sick. It was a busy day, because they were giving away free food (bean & cheese burritos, and green chili burritos), trying to clean their image after the E. Coli outbreak in another of their locations.It wasn't exactly, it was free! The green chili was just a bit too dry, but I understand that they had to prepare in advance for all the people that was going to show up. So, kudos for them. Great way to advertise.
1	Not good.... 'Nuff said
