5	Funny name. Serious workout.I broke the seal. I sucked it up and faced the overwhelming intimidation... I finally tried crossfit. A friend recommended this place, and I am very glad she did. Everyone was warm and welcoming, eager to introduce themselves and show me the ropes. The workout was amazing, and the instructor scaled everything to my skill level (which is moderate at best). I was woozy and light headed, but I am so excited to go back already. Plus, it's one of the best priced crossfit gyms in the valley. Can't beat that.I'm hobbling around today with every muscle in my body on fire, and already looking forward to my next workout.
5	I've been doing CrossFit for 2.5 years and this is the third box I've been a member with. The owners (Ben and Sean) of this box are REAL, amazing people, friendly, and personal.  Ben and Sean REALLY care about form, technique and safety. Safety is their number one priority, which is EXTREMELY important. You will not always find trainers that pay attention to your form the way they should. That was ONE of the things I loved about these two when I first started.Everyone who attends this box is very friendly and it's a wonderful growing community. The workouts are AMAZING...kicks my butt every time. The energy is great and I'm SO incredibly happy with this CrossFit.Last thing: They don't charge you and arm and a leg like most CrossFit gyms. Their prices are unbeatable!!!
5	I started Crossfit about 6 months now and have been training with Ben and Sean the whole time. I have lost 40+ pounds and increased my strength and flexibility ten fold. These guys are not only super nice and motivational but great teachers. They have taught me proper form to keep me from getting injured. This past weekend I competed for the gym and we did amazing. They have great rates and I feel like I have made some awesome friends. Could not recommend this box enough.
5	Why 5 stars? The VibeI have tried several different Crossfit  gyms (aka Boxes) and I must say that CrossFit Haboob has been the first place where I feel like home. The hardest part about getting into a new place to workout is feeling comfortabe, like your not being watched/judged by every person in the joint which from my experience in the Tempe/Scottsdale area seems to happen quit often. Not here. Right from the get go everyone at Crossfit Haboob was welcoming and supportive and that really made me feel comfortable which in turn gave me confidence to really let myslef get into the workout.The CoachesThe coaches are great. I have issues with mobility and form on certain movements and Sean and Ben have been very helpful and supportive. Taking time to work with me on an individual level during each WOD (workout of the Day) when it came to a movement I needed improvment on. Never codesending and if you go to them with issues they will help you find a solution to make the workout work for you. Probably the best part is just how friendly they are, which sets the tone for the entire place. At Crossfit Haboob you feel like you are with friends right away.The PriceI am paying half of what I was paying at another box and I get to workout more each week. Other places charge twice as much for 2-3 workouts a week.The CommunityHaboob does things I have not scene other Boxes do before when it comes to making it a community you feel part of. They hosts events, encourage their members to participate and provide a social aspect for the gym. It makes you feel like you are part of a club rather than just a member/number at a gym. So Crossfit Haboob is getting 5 stars for being a chill, welcoming box that is really fun to be a part of and also has some awesome coaches at an affordable price....AND last but not least they will let you put your ipod on if you are not feeling the music that day.Do not get me wrong, the workouts will kick your ass.
5	I was in Tempe for work and after a disappointing experience at CrossFit Southwest, I decided to give CrossFit Haboob a try. They post their daily workout on the website and I was very excited to see a tough heavy barbell metcon on tap. I emailed them the night before and dropped in to the 6am class the next morning.Haboob isn't a huge space. In fact, the workout space is relatively small and some people that day had to work out outside because it otherwise would've been pretty crowded. BUT, everything else at Haboob was so superb that the small space didn't matter at all! I have to say it was by far the best box I've visited.Sean was the coach that morning, and he and all the 6amers were really friendly and made me feel at home. The workout was heavy cleans and Sean had good coaching cues. I come from a box that puts a lot of emphasis on form, so it was good to see another coach embracing that and actually taking the time to walk around and correct form. The members at the box cheered each other as well as me on without being in your face, which was really appreciated. Another thing that I liked about CrossFit Haboob was that their warm-up made sense. Some of the boxes I've been to make the warm-up a low priority and often times the warm-up isn't helpful for what's to come in the workout. I went back the next day for another workout before I left to travel to another city. Ben was the coach that morning and was as great as Sean. I wish I could've taken CrossFit Haboob with me onto my next destination. And now I know which box I'll be returning to if I'm ever in Tempe and which box to recommend.
5	This place is great! I started in December and by March I felt and looked like a completely different person. The owners Ben and Sean are great to work with and really stress form and not hurting yourself. The staff is also extremely helpful and always push me to do my best. Not only is the workout amazing but the people are so supportive and friendly. From the second you walk in you feel like a part of the Crossfit family. I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to get in shape, or just wants to meet a great group of people. If you do choose to join the Haboob I also recommend to try the Paleo Challenge. With 3 months of crossfit and paleo I managed to go from almost 200 lbs to 162 as of today. I don't think I could have done it without the help from such a dedicated team. With a little hard work you can even have a better transformation than I did!http://imgur.com/a/la4uI
5	Great box. Before stopping by, I sent an email the night before to let them know I wanted to come in.  Got a response back the next morning and was able to drop in for free while in town.  I've sent other emails to other boxes and never hear anything back. At the box, everyone was very friendly and introduced themselves.  Sean was great.  Big on technique and making sure you are doing the moves correctly.  Not a huge place but got a good workout in with about 10 other people with plenty of room to spare.  I would definitely recommend this box to anyone heading to Phoenix/Tempe or for anyone who lives in the area.  I'll be back in on my next trip out!
