5	Have used Dave Capko, owner of  Ideal Plumbing twice in last year and coud not be happier with his service. Accurately diagnosed problem, explained it, and fixed it in timely fashion. Not the cheapest,or most expensive, I have used over the years but the best.
5	We have now used Ideal twice over the past couple of years.  Rosie on the House certified, Ideal Plumbing has earned that recognition.  Service has been outstanding - fast, friendly, are eager to explain what is going on and what they are doing to fix our problem.  2 Thumbs up - thanks Ideal!
1	So sorry to have to write this review as I used to be very happy with Ideal Plumbing and with Dave the owner.  But in recent years something has happened.  It takes two to three phone calls to catch him, (when he answers) and then he no-shows for the appointment.  He does not return calls, when trying to make an appointment, and then when you try to talk with him about why he didn't  show up for the job.  I have given him the benefit of the doubt at least 4 times, but can't any longer and thought I'd write this to save others from this frustration.  Sorry Dave....gave you too many chances to turn it around!
5	If you want quality, dependable - honest service, call iDeal Plumbing. Dave helped fix issues with the kitchen sink and linkage between the R/O system and the refrigerator. The goofballs at Home Depot did not know what they were doing and after 3 visits with no resolution from them we called Ideal. Fixed right, the first time - and very affordable cost. Dave let you know what the job was, cost, estimate, everything and stood by his word and got the job done. Would call and refer Ideal Plumbing any day!
5	Dave the owner has been super dependable and great to work with! We had a major leak on a Saturday night and he came right out to fix it.  I would refer anyone to ideal plumbing and definitely will use him in the future.
5	Love Dave at Ideal!! He was reliable, professional and flexible, went the extra mile (literally- he drove around the valley to find the correct part) to ensure everything was fixed properly and on time. Water pressure is all fixed thanks to Dave. Will be using him again when we move into our new house. Highly recommended!
5	Dave at Ideal plumbing is the best!  Our Whirlpool water heater stopped working and due to Whirlpool warranty policies we had to order the parts through Lowes and wait for them to get to our house.  Unfortunately, it took four days for the parts to arrive but as soon as the parts arrived I called Dave and he was at our house in 30 minutes.  It had been four days of no hot water so I was super happy to see Dave and amazed at how quickly he got our water heater working.  I recommend Ideal Plumbing and Dave to anyone who needs plumbing work done.
