5	Colby is great and if you are in this area be sure to check it out. You won't regret it!! CrossFit is one way to know you are working at your best and this place is nice. Can also get nutrition help there.
5	Everyone should check this place out!!!Amazing trainer Colby and CollinVery friendly atmosphere!!!!very very welcomingyou wont be dissapointed!!
5	This place is AMAZING! I visited every cross fit in a 15 mile radius of my home over a one mother period and went to each of their classes, met their people, did a workout with them, looked at their prices, etc... and this place beat everyone else hands down.  For starters the place is huge.  They have top of the line equipment and you won't feel held back ever with your cross fit or fitness goals.  Then there are the owners.  They are AWESOME!  Colby is very calm and kind yet knows how to bring out the best in you and push you without overly pushing you.  He is very committed to safety so all that stuff you hear about getting hurt doing cross fit just isn't a concern here.  As long as you are honest with yourself about your limits you shouldn't get hurt.  The other owner Colin is really fun and has so much positive energy that you just feel good being with him.  Then there is Paul, or "T" as he likes to be called.  He is the nutritionist there and he is very knowledgeable.  That was a big selling point for me as I feel that nutrition is so important to reaching your fitness goals.  This place has the whole package.  I love too how they don't do contracts.   I want to pay each month and come because I love it and want to come, not because I got myself into a contract and can't get out.  These people know they have an awesome place and they don't need a contract to keep you coming back.  You seriously can't go wrong coming here!  I'm so grateful I found them.  Now instead of doing an hour of weights, 30 minutes of cardio, and practically no stretching, I'm getting it all done in an hour WITH stretching and I feel better and stronger than before.
5	Top notch CrossFit gym. Programming is some of the best and the coaches know what they're doing. They properly go over all the movements and scale according to your level. I've dropped into a lot gyms while traveling and highly recommend this one. I've recently switched to this gym from the good experience.
5	Day in and day out this Crossfit gym excels in coaching. As a standard most boxes are messy or disorganized / unclean, however this place looks professionally cleaned with organization at every turn. I have nothing but love for the Combine Crossfit!
5	Awesome gym, always clean and amazing coaches! The coaches are all super helpful and patient. Will let you know when you're doing something wrong or right, form is everything! Not only are the coaches great but all the members are positive and encouraging towards one another.
5	I'm new at crossfit and I love it! Combine fitness is amazing. The coaches give you individual attention and make sure your form and technique are correct. There are different levels so you learn how to perfect the movements. This place is huge, very clean, organized and all the equipment is in great condition. Very friendly atmosphere and regardless of what level you are everyone motivates each other. Best of all, there are additional services provided, such as nutrition and all kinds of seminars. You really leave here feeling balanced in every way.
5	I loved this place when I first walked in in October 2013. The workouts, the friends I've made, the delicious food I've had, and the many memories keep me coming back!
5	Unbelievably welcoming, warm, friendly environment where newbies get greeted by staff, regulars and fellow classmates (or burpee penalties apply). The coaching is on point with their attention to detail, breaking everything down to a science, and taking the time to really work with you whenever you need a little extra special attention or, want to take the time to work on something specific. Amazing facility! It's super spacious, airy and open. There's an on site Nutrition Therapist teaching you about human transformation powered by REAL FOOD and even a photography studio (what?). The Combine cares about you and your health inside and out. Make sure to greet the resident dog--Kano as you walk in during the daytime.
5	Cannot begin to tell you about all of the ways this gym and its coaches set themselves apart from many other CrossFit gyms in the city.  CrossFit is slandered by other "exercise gurus" because of safety and injury.  This is true for any exercise program, and where it starts is with the coaching.  Colin, Colby, Paul, and Johnny all emphasize the importance of form and technique to prevent injury.  They are in tune with making sure you remain healthy both physically and mentally.  They are all very patient, they go out of their way to make time for your personal needs, and they emphasize the community aspect of CrossFit.The facility itself is big, spacious, and CLEAN!  The etiquette of gym responsibility is emphasized, and the equipment is the best on the market.  Pricing for memberships knocks all other CrossFit gyms out of the market.  There are no "punch-cards" or "3 day a week memberships" and they even offer access to nutritional guidance as well. Drop in and try a free workout...what have you got to lose...but a few pounds!!!
5	Life changing!  Clean gym, nutrition element, focus on proper technique, elements classes, awesome environment!You hear a lot of good and bad about CrossFit these days.  I am here to tell you, The CroasFit Combine raises the bar in excellence. Burpee penalty for members not introducing themselves and welcoming new members, the coaches know what they are doing, and they ensure skill over heavy weights that risk injury.Paul from Atavist Nutrition is on staff and you have the perfect recipe to great health. He teaches you about food and eating to maximize the nutrients to their full potential for your goals.  I have never felt better my entire life!
5	I've been doing CrossFit for a year now, and I can tell you the CrossFit Combine raises the bar in excellence. The coaches are friendly, the people welcome you, and there is a genuine caring atmosphere at the box. Coaches focus on technique so that you prevent injury, and they will take the time to work with you individually. Equipment is top rated, and the box is very clean and well kept. Stop in and check it out....your life will change forever!!!
