3	My neighbor invited my husband and I to check out his band Familiar Faces which plays here from 8pm -12am every Saturday. We walked in about 11:30 am which was a little late but we still had a half hour to hang out and enjoy the live band. The bar is hidden behind a Blockbusters so it's a bit hard to spot unless you are looking for it. I didn't know what to expect to find with the name Bounty Hunters...I was thinking is this a "rough and tumble" kind of place? When we walked in there was a handful of people there who were very enthusiastic dancing and requesting songs from the band. I did see one guy who looked like he could be a bounty hunter ...he was equipped with a handlebar mustache but what do I know.We chose to sit at the bar and play some poker machines while we listened to the music. It's a small intimate bar so you can still see the band even though you are sitting at the far end of the bar. There are also a few televisions if you prefer watching T.V. It was a laid back place and the band gets really into the music. When we were leaving I also found out if you play on the machines the drinks are free! I didn't believe it until I checked with the waitress. I usually don't like hanging out in bars much but with the live band there it was more enjoyable. I'd much rather hear a band play then watch random sports while I drink.
5	Went during lunch and place was completely empty. Cheap food, huge portions, very nice staff! Homemade ranch was to die for! Go here for lunch if you are in the neighborhood!
4	Came here for breakfast and had the pancakes and eggs...they were good.Came here for lunch and had a big burger...it was good.Came again the next week for breakfast and had french toast and home-fries...they were very good.That gets an easy 4 from me.  A no-brainer.
1	This bar was horrible! Went there Saturday night to meet my husbands old friend from high school. The band that was playing wasn't that bad but it was soooooo loud that you couldn't even hear yourself think! Me and my husband had to do sign language to try and communicate. If we weren't meeting someone there i would have walked in and walked right back out. But we polity stayed for about 45 minutes until we both couldn't take it anymore because our brains were rattling. If you get rid of the band, or even just turn down the speakers a little this place wouldn't be that bad. I will never go back, maybe when the bands not there, or for lunch because i heard the food was good.
4	Last time I was there was for new years. It's a nice dive bar. They sometimes have a live band.
2	It's a Saturday night and I've been sitting on a booth with two friends for over 30 minutes and NO ONE working in this place has asked us if we want a drink or food.  I realize I could walk over to the bar but then why the hell are there booths in here. Very poorly run.
