1	I'm very disappointed.  This place appears busy due to it being the only car joint in the area as I stopped by a few times to get an oil change but the wait was too long so  I scheduled an oil change a few wks later & left the car there.  No one ever called to let me know the car was finished.  After 5 hrs, I called & the employee said the car was done a while ago.  He said he did call but did not leave a message.  Since I had rec'd a missed call that I didn't recognize, that was Big O calling, not a big deal .  But, I called back to ask if they ck'd the tire pressures & he said they always do with an oil change.   Of course the next morning (cold tires), the tire pressures were 25-27 when they should be 30-35 so they definitely never even bothered to use a tire gauge.   Next, when I picked up the car, they tried to charge me an extra $10 because my standard oil filter was "not in stock" & they had to have one delivered.  That's not acceptable when I've never had a problem in 12 yrs having an oil filter in stock for this same car, as recently as 4 months ago having an oil change.  This is just too many strikes for this location.  I realize other sites may be independently franchised & operated so may check out other ones but never ever going back to this particular one.
5	I had a good experience with BOT.  Mike was very helpful and friendly and provided excellent customer service.  The customers knew him by name and had obviously been long time patrons to this establishment.  The guys work hard here, are friendly and professional.
4	My car needs a transmission fluid flush and an oil change. I was going to have it done at a different place but my boyfriend suggested I went to this one. Besides it was healthier on my pockets choosing big o tires. The reception area is a little squished with tires all over so being careful not to topple any over will take a little finesse.  The gentleman who helped me, Steve, was very straight to the point and listened to what I needed. Most companies have the tendency to point out extras that need to be done to up sell. Most of the time the mechanics are a load of crock. I don't get that from here. When I walk in a place of business and know what I need, I don't need to be bullsh**ted around just to squeeze more pennies out of me.  They do a free inspection and suggested my breaks may need to be replaced, belt replaced, and one other issue needed to get done. Ive kbiwn this for a while and because they didnt give me a whole lot more list of things and they weren't aholes about me not wanting to get it done right there and then I'll be back next week to have them take care of it.  Thanks for s great service ppls!!!
2	Had to get two tires replaced early in the morning and it was the only place that was open early Sunday morning. The guy i talked to was nice. I told him that i had been on their website on wanted 2 Falken tires and he stated they wern't in stock. He said that he could do the sumitomo's for the same price. The online price of the Falkens were 114.99. I dropped the car off and came back after a few hours. I got back and the car was done. I looked and they had put the brand new tires in the back (FWD) car which is stupid. Secondly the rims were filthy, they did not bother to clean them. I went in to pay and he charged me 133.99 for the tires (x2) and then some 41$ service charge. I did not have time to argue with him as i had my toddler with me, and was in a rush to get home. That part is my fault, i should have taken care of the issue at that moment. Just was not able to. But this is all very simple stuff in the scam that is the tire industry.
1	I am not a happy customer!This place is not professional, they are not upfront with charges. This place is lucky they are at a convenient spot, otherwise they'd prob be out of business. Beware, if you want to be overcharged and unsatisfied, come to this car shop.
4	Great service. This was the first time I ever had my car serviced and was not persuaded to get all sorts of unnecessary services. They made a few recommendations and I was out the door. I will definitely be back!
1	avoid this place! went here for an oil change and to replace air filters - left a mark on old filter to make sure it gets replaced. 3 hours later and a few $$$, picked up the car with the same old filter. got charged but wasn't replaced. DO NOT TRUST! AVOID!
1	Horrible. Came to get my front brakes changed they told me I needed to replace my rear brakes and rotors due to a crack in the rotor.  Not the case. Rear brakes and rotors were fine after I had taken my car to nissan to have them checked out after talking with mechanics from big o. Mind you I had my rear brakes changed in April at nissan so from my knowledge they were fine. Now my front brakes are squeaking worse then the day I brought them in. Brought them back to big O they're telling me they'll replace my brakes for free but now I have to replace my rotors for $99.95ea. Needless to say they are just taking advantage of people. Problem never got solved. Avoid them at all cost.
1	This place is a rip off. Over priced and try to sell you items and services you don't need. I stopped in for a quote on tires and almost died when the quote came back. Little did they know that my family owns a garage back east and I know what items and services should cost. Stay away unless you want to over pay
1	DO NOT TRUST THESE GUYS!They will cut corners and don't care about the customer.Went in for a basic oil change which includes a tire rotation. Over the phone, the man quoted me for a synthetic oil change and says it comes with tire rotation. Upon getting to the store and handing over my keys, I told the guy at the counter, I need a tire rotation and also my front right tire is low, it needs air...the gauge is reading 24 PSI...needs to read around 28. He said, "Yes, they check the air when they rotate the tires"After my $69 oil change with synthetic, the tires were NOT rotated and my tire was still low that I specifically asked for them to fill with air.I ended up going to the shell nearby and putting $1 in the machine to fill up my own tire that I was told would be checked and filled with air. These guys just want to move the cars in and out and don't give a F about customer service or your car. If you can't trust them to check your tires and lie about a tire rotation, why trust them for anything else?AVOID!
1	I needed new tires before I took my trip to California, so I came here, because it's right down the street from my house, customer service was fine, I didn't have a problem with that. After i get my tires I head to California, not even an hour on the road and my tire light comes on. I call my dad, because he's a tire expert, selling them for years. He told me to just continue to California, and he'll check them when I get there. When I get there he puts air in my tire, but the very next day the light was on again. So we go to a Tire place and they took the tire off, and they found that the sensor was broke and was tried to fix with piping tape. PIPING TAPE!!!can you believe that. So we call big I tires and told them, and  they said they would order a new sensor and take care of it when I got back to Vegas. Ok so I work in a restaurant, and when we mess up someone's order, we're very apologetic and we take care of the customer right away, they're first priority because we screwed up, so naturally I expected the same thing from Big O tires, well I was WRONG, they were some what apologetic, but I sat there for almost 2 hours waiting for something that should of took 5 minutes. I did get a free oil change for my trouble, but still, this is ridiculous to me, and I will never go back, except maybe for the oil change and even then it's iffy.
5	I came in kind of nervous due to these yelp reviews but it just so happens this is the one closest to my houese. The manager, Richard was very kind and attentive to all my needs. Surprisingly I left very happy. He took care of everything and made me feel welcome. I will definitely come again if needed and reccommend this place. Ask for Richard, he will take care of everything!
5	This location is awesome! I always come here for tire rotations and balances and they have great customer service. The staff is really knowledgable and professional.
5	Excellent service at this location. Went in for transmission flush and oil change and the staff was great and quick and efficient. Very good service. Will be going back for next service on my vehicle. Thanks guys and keep up the great work.
4	I was a bit unsure based on the yelp reviews but they quoted the best pricing, had a convenient location and I had been there for a previous oil change with no problems.  I bought 4 new tires, new struts and did my 60M mile inspection with new filters and fluids.  I have to admit, there were some problems during the billing but after discussing with the Store Manager, they credited me for the errors.  I think they would have earned a 5 from me had the thoroughly explained the pricing from the beginning.  I will return for next required services.
1	I went in to Big O Tires on Sunday to replace a tire. I was greeted promptly, and told that they did not have the tire I needed in stock. They also said they would order it and give me a call tomorrow (Monday) to let me know when to come in. It is now Tuesday- I hadn't heard anything, so I called back. The employee who answered the call knew nothing about it, nor had anything been ordered. He insisted that he would find out and call back, but did not even take my name or number. I am completely disgusted with the service and have now ordered my tire through Sears.
1	My Navigator had a flat tire so I chose this place since it was close to my house.  Coming here was the biggest mistake! After waiting over an hour for the tire to be changed, we drove the truck home and parked it. Today we decide to make a trip in the truck to the store when the truck started to shake. I knew something was wrong with the tire. You can feel the front right shaking. I called Big O around 11:45 am to explain the issue. They said we can bring it in right away for them to check the balance and what not. I arrive there a few mins before 12pm and was told they will call me within 45mins and let me know the outcome. It's now 3:30. I had to show up and ask what was going on. Their claim is nothing is wrong with my truck and they had tried calling but my number was wrong. Just a bit curious how I didn't leave my number today and they claim it's wrong but two days ago they had no problem calling the same number and getting through 3 times. I will never use a Big O Tires for anything! Thanks to them I will now have to make the extra trip and spend the extra money to get my truck properly looked at.
5	Came here on a Friday morning around 1030 and was greeted the second I parked my car which was wonderful and great service! Sadly the second I came up to the counter a bigger older guy, I'm assuming manager or a higher role, was completely rude! I asked how much an alignment was and explained I had a coupon that gave me a discount 10% and asked how much it would be with that included. His answer was completely rude an belittling "well I said 89.99 so 10% of that is your price". I wasn't asking for a math lesson just your pricing.Thankfully he was given a phone call and Benny continued to help me out with a smile. I realized I left my drink in the car and asked if I could get it and was accommodated nicely. Over all this shop was clean, mostly friendly besides the older large gentleman I didn't get the name of sadly, and very fast service! Benny along with the guys in the garage were all nice and not sleazy or rude:) unlike upper management .... Defiantly coming back due I the nice service from the others close location and speedy service!!!
4	I went in at 4 pm for some new tires.  The sales guy was very nice and prompt.  Since there was no one waiting the got 4 tires and my alignment done in 45 minutes at a very reasonable price.  So far so good,  so when it's time for service I will go try them again.
5	I went to a different place yesterday to get an oil change and they told me I needed new brakes so I went back today and they were closed so I drove down the road to this place they were open on a sunday.I was greeted as I was getting out of my car and went inside to ask about brakes he told me they would do a free inspection and let me know.  I told him I had my oil done yesterday and they told me I needed them he said just to let them have a look.  He came back a bit later and told me I did not need brakes and I still had a bout 35% left and to come back in a couple of months.I was utterly shocked they could have easily just done my brakes and taken my money I would not have known, instead they were honest and did the right thing!  I had them do a few other things and asked about tires.  I drive a Jeep Wrangler and we do a lot of off roading and will be needing new off road tires in the spring he gave me a name and info to look up a certain tire so I can do some research before I come back.  By the way they told me it would be about 4 hours wait and offered to give me a ride home and pick me up after so I didn't have to wait at the shop! I will be a customer here not only for tires but other things as well because of that great service and honesty!
