5	A+++ Service. Came out to repair a dripping hose bib. He came out same day we called and fixed it promptly. Very knowledgeable and reasonable rates. Highly recommended
5	Chance, the owner of the company, replaced a water heater and toilets at my place. He was very professional, on time and made sure I was satisfied with the service. His attention to detail and his work are impeccable. He made sure to provide a quote in writing ahead of time. When he needed to get a spare part, he went and got it while performing the work  - all was covered under the original quote and I did not have to worry about extra charges.  I recommend him to anyone who needs quality plumbing service.
5	It's so hard to find an honest plumber or any skilled laborer. When the great flood of 2014 came (a busted water heater and black mold), I asked friends for a recommendation. I lucked out!Chance came over that same day and seeing what a hot mess it was, got right to work, set up the contractors, and took care of business. Professional, friendly, and honest. There was no funny business. No upselling of anything. What impressed me the most was that we believed that our water heater was on warranty, Chance called the manufacturer on speaker phone to verify. He was on hold for a good 20 minutes and never lost his cool.I highly recommend Chance and Pipe Dreams!
5	Fabulous honest plumbing company. I used Chance to replace my hot water heater and unclog my shower. The rates were very reasonable and he completed the job in a very timely manner. He was super helpful in getting my water heater and everything else I needed. You will not regret using him for any of your plumbing needs.
5	Pipe Dreams Plumbing did a fantastic job tearing out our old waterheater and installing the new one. Everything was to code, all newwater lines, over-flow pan, everything. The price was extremelycompetitive with other bids. Service was timely, and Chance, the ownershowed up when he said he would. I would highly recommend them.
5	This was my first time using a plumber since my landlord has always sent me crappy handymen off Angie's List. She's luckily between handymen right now, and thanks to Jessica M's heater breaking last week, I got hooked up with a great plumber. Chance is just all kinds of awesome - a genuinely nice guy who knows what he's doing, and also happens to be honest and competitively priced. My shower faucet wouldn't turn off from full blast after giving my dogs a bath - the handle was stripped I guess. I turned off the water main (thanks youtube for the instructions), and started calling around after posting on Yelp Talk for recommendations. It was about 5pm on a Saturday and I seemed to be SOL on getting someone to come out right away, or anytime before Monday.Out of the 3 places I called, Chance was the only one who could help me over the weekend - not only that, but he said he could be there within an hour. I had this exact same problem happen to my other shower a year ago, so I knew pretty much what needed to be done. The others were reluctant to give even a very general quote, but Chance just had me text a pic of the fixture, although he probably can't do that for every situation. Pricing was the same as the other places I called, and it's nice that he didn't seem to have different (higher) rates for emergencies or weekends like some other plumbers. So he came out around 6:30pm on a Saturday, and even postponed dinner with his wife (sorry Mrs. Chance!) to spend about an hour and a half changing out a cartridge thing. He also fixed what the last handyman effed up on my other shower in 5 minutes. AND he magically fixed my dishwasher without even doing anything. Ok well he looked at it and had me run it, and the damn thing worked fine for the first time in 4-5 months. No more hand washing dishes for me anymore! Oh and he also guarantees his work for 1 year. So I'd suggest bookmarking Pipe Dreams just in case - for that craptastic day when you really need him. You'll probably only see Chance when something goes wrong, but it's nice to have a smiling face to deal with on a bad day. And it's a little thing, but I appreciated that he put booties over his shoes unlike literally every other workman I've ever seen.
5	This is the "Go To" Guy for Plumbing in Las Vegas!I called Pipe Dreams Plumbing on a Sunday at 8:30 a.m. and the call was immediately answered by the owner, Chance.  When I advised of my plumbing problem (shower will not turn off despite being in the off position), Chance committed to a less than two hour arrival time and no extra charge.  Cartridge was expeditiously replaced.I later remembered a second minor plumbing problem with my kitchen faucet.  Chance provided education by informing me that Moen products have a lifetime warranty, and advised I could inform the company of my faucet replacement need along with photos.  The local hardware store near my house did not have the small part needed for incised the faucet, so he committed to returning the next day with it from another location.  Chance kept his word and arrived at the time frame he previously stated.The work was done quickly and professionally.  Chance was respectful of my home and property.   Chance was clean, groomed and professionally dressed.   At all times, Chance was professional and took care of matters efficiently.Chance accepts work via text message for those of you that prefer cyber connections like me.  I feel confident that work was done competently and at a fair price.   Would definitely use this company again, and would refer friends and family as well.
5	Best Las Vegas plumber experience in 15 years. Highly recommended.Pipe Dreams did a super professional job replacing my water heater. They arrived on time, replaced the water heater fast, verified that all connections were made properly, cleaned up, and removed old water heater.  Even corrected a previous poor installation problem.Made sure appropriate inspections were scheduled. The inspection verified quality installation.
5	Very honest guy. I was desperate and stress out on my cracked whirlpool  bath tub. Another plumbing company quoted me with more than $2000 plus the price of the whirlpool bath tub not including the  repair of the wall and floor. I called this company  to get another opinion and price and  told him my problem and  he referred me to a specialist  who can  restore my bath tub for a cheaper and less work. I am so thankful I did the call. He told me that if the specialist cannot do the repair he will be glad to replace my bath tub. Highly recommended. I will definitely use this company if I will have plumbing  problem.
5	By far the only plumbing service you want to use in Las Vegas.  I don't care where you are located, call Pipe Dreams and they will fix any issue or install any upgrade you require.  We had our hot water heater bust over the weekend.  Chance came out right when I called and surveyed the damage.  Not only did he stop the leak, he called (not recommend, but he himself made the calls) to get a drywall repair crew to come out, and he also went through all of our options to replace or upgrade.  We decided to upgrade to a tankless system but we were worried because we thought we would be out of hot water for a weak while it was installed and the new gas line was put in.  Before I even voiced my concern, Chance informed me he was having someone pickup a temporary water heater for me that he would install that day so we would have hot water while the upgrade was taking place.  And this was no dinky replacement, the temporary water heater he installed was just as big as the massive one I had in there in the first place.  I have never met a company or individual as professional and well reviewed as Chance and his company.  I am not accustomed to getting phone calls giving me updates and asking how things are going.  Chance has won my business for all future plumbing needs and I hope this review helps others make an easy decision as well.  Truly top performance.
5	Definitely will use Pipe Dreams again. Really fast and attentive service. Showed up within the assigned time frame and called before arriving. We were comfortable with the quoted price of an installed water heater and pleased with the end result. Have only lived in Las Vegas for a year and am happy that we've found a reliable source for our plumbing needs. Chance will be the first person called the next time a plumbing problem arises.
