3	I was looking for a large cocktail ring.  The salesclerk was patient and helpful.  This boutique has just about everything.  The prices are reasonable too.
5	Super inexpensive, trendy fashion. I always say that one should not spend a lot of money on trends. And GlamSquadShop allows local fashionistas to look on-trend without spending a fortune. Don't let the Junior-y and club girl styles deter you. I'm pushing 40 and even I can find sleek, chic pieces that are totally age appropriate. The best piece of advice I can give you is to sign up for the store's email newsletter. You'll be the first to know of new arrivals, including the super cute items that sell out fast. Keep this boutique on your shopping radar at all times.
5	I love shopping here!  They always have the cutest clothes & accessories at the best prices & they work hard to make sure you are happy with your purchase by showing you the best to dress up or down an outfit...this is a must see location!  Great staff & atmosphere!
5	Believe it.  This place is money.  Ever had that experience where you buy some cute thing at Express and then go out only to find that every other girl in Vegas had the same bright idea?  Not a great situation.Glamsquad really has unique accessories that you won't find at other places.  Prices are very reasonable so if you never wear those leopard print shoes more than once you won't have to be too mad at yourself.  Added bonus:  this place is a local business and the owner is very helpful.  I am style challenged and she helped me find a purse to go with a red dress and gold shoes.  She even told me about the Facebook/Yelp discount!  Was informed that they get new items every week, so I will just have to be a frequent shopper.  Woo-hoo!
4	I luv their dresses :)
5	Love this boutique
2	I don't understand the hype of this store. Upon walking in, there was a strong scent of room spray. I'm all for anything that smells girly and floral but this scent....it was overpowering and within a few minutes, it made my throat dry and scratchy =/Having the store drenched in a strong scent is fine as long as the clothes/accessories make up for it but it didn't even come close. The quality of the jewelry looks and feels cheap, but yet they were charging a necklace I can find at forever21 for $8.80 at a selling price for about $13-20.The clothing style looked grandma-ish...if that makes sense. =/ It was either grandma style or if you were starring in a role for Rock of Ages musical.I came, I saw, I'm not coming back. Sorry....
1	Seriously.... So annoyed. As a business owner you would think that this place would update their schedule. Effective January 1, 2014 they are closed on Sundays. I drove here from the other side of town. Never coming back
5	They always have the cutest clothes and accessories here! Every time I wear any of my pieces from Glamsquad, I always get complimented on it. It never fails! I'm really big on accessories and they never disappoint. I never leave empty handed!Not only do they have such cute stuff, their customer service is more than amazing!!!! I work as a retail manager on the strip so customer service is the first thing I notice about a store. You are greeted right as you enter the store and as you are shopping the employees are more than helpful. The two owners are amazing. After all this time, they still remember who I am even if I don't come in often. It really does show they care about their customers! If you are ever in the southwest area, this place is a must to check out :)
5	Love love love this place! Not only are the people that work there awesome but so is their merchandise. Affordable, stylish and cute. I saw a pair of boots I wanted from their store on Instagram and they were quick to respond and hold them for me. Keep up the amazing work!
5	Super cute stuff for low prices-they were very helpful and upbeat-also really surprised to get a goodie bag w a bunch of cool stuff in it (I'm assuming for the holidays) --- what a nice special little touch! I will return, when I have a lot more time, because there is plenty to see.  I did not notice the 20% off highest item before I went in, so if you go, you should probably check and see if they have that special (or another one) going on.
