4	Good smoothie spot, even though it's a chain spot they have quite the selection plus the secret menu items.  Been waiting for this place to open.  Decided to go with the white gummy bear smoothie (not so secret menu now) and it was excellent.  The staff at this new spot knew exactly how to make it, thus the extra star to being prepared!
2	Very slow. Waited for about 4 min before someone would take our order, and it took 5 more min to get kids smoothie. Other Jambas we're in and out in less than 5 min.
5	Omg i love jamba! So glad they opened up this location! They have the all natural fruit / veggie drinks and so many yummy healthy or non healthy drinks depending on what you like! You can also even put whey protein in your smoothies or chia seeds which i usually do! Staff is friendly too! I like the interior its really nice and clean and there is outside seating so you can get some fresh air relax and enjoy a refreshing smoothie (;
2	I'm only giving 2 stars because the employees genuinely look happy to work here (hope you sense my sarcasm). Horrible unhappy unfriendly people working here makes my Jamba Juice experience horrible.
2	I usually love Jamba Juice, but this location is lacking. I've been here a few times now and every time there has been a wait. The last visit, there were 4 people ahead of me already waiting for their orders with only one girl making the smoothies. So it was a 10+ minute wait for my order. I ordered a strawberry bowl which comes with granola and topped with bananas ad fresh strawberries. As the cashier was assembling the bowl, he stopped to take someone else's order, handled cash and then proceeded to assemble my bowl again. He did put on gloves but did not wash his hands before putting on the gloves. So pretty much he put on dirty gloves. I used to work in the food industry and that was totally unacceptable. Too bad...looks like I have to go to a farther location to get my smoothie fix.
4	Good smoothies as always, just a little slow at this new location. Love the ambience and always love the smoothies. Perfect location, parking is a little crowded.
4	If you're looking for a good fruit smoothie, Jamba Juice is a good place. However, I've stopped in a couple times now, and was pleased to see they have a decent selection of juices and juice shots. Tonight I got a double ginger shot with a sprinkling of cayenne. I also ordered a medium size juice I custom picked, apple, spinach, ginger, lemon, cayenne  which was pretty tasty, too. I had $3 off coupon, my bill was $10 and change, wth? That's pricey, Jamba Juice! Deduct a star for that. It's not even organic veggies or fruit! I juice at home daily, that is some priiiiiiicey drink.
