3	Be aware of the concept before you rejoice about the prices - $14 for such appealing dishes does sound like a bargain. This small restaurant will serve you small plates and not actual dishes. I thought the Old Port was facing some severe disinflation effects for a second. Hungry stomachs should aim for at least three dishes.Within a brick-designed interior, filled with trendy and wannabe uptight crowd, the menu reveals some pretty interesting dishes. I had some pretty good oysters and duck salad. Additionally, their signature meat style will literally melt in your mouth. I wish I tried their Carbonara homemade gnocchi (which aren't named gnocchi and not potato-based). Moreover, their Pear Sorbet is appreciable and their by-the-glass wine list is quite diverse (Oregon, France, Ontario).And here comes another trick by the way: you can get half-glasses of wine for $9. Despite their very stylish wine bar, I am quite reluctant to pay almost $20 for a sizable glass of decent wine.Despite a tasteful experience, I have mixed feelings regarding the service. Surely not pretentious as the environment might suggest, but not really careful and diligent . The food presentation is not appealing and the waiters will actually bring all of your plates at the same time thus encumbering your space. Friendly overall, however.Bocata is still a recent place and has quite some potential but simple details do go amiss. Too bad there is not a 3.5 stars rating available though.To enjoy for a late diner if you are not too hungry.
5	The concierge at Hotel Gault recommended Bocata, and I'm glad he did--I don't think I would have tried it given the lack of Yelp coverage. We had a great experience: relaxed, intimate room, friendly service, and a great sommelier who imports small-batch wines from France. The portions are between tapas and a regular entree. My wife and I split five between us, and were happy. The oysters were fantastic, as was the Halibut and heirloom tomato salad. The short rib and filet, and the carbonara were very good. Highly recommended.
5	After taking in our options in vieux Montreal,  my husband and I chose Bocato to eat a very late meal.  Though it was 10:00 pm, all but two tables at this quaint restaurant were taken. Our server was delightful.  The atmosphere was picture perfect...almost like a movie set...too good to be true but it was! They offer something like tapas...the plates are slightly larger. We ordered four items plus a mixed drink for him and a glass of pinot noir pour moi. We began with a rare Spanish charcuterie...some kind of pig that was only fed acorns its whole life. Two of the pig's friends' legs were hanging just over the bar! Wow! What a unique flavor.  There is nothing to compare. Next we had an arugula salad with smoked duck. To die for. Lastly, we were served braised beef cheek with caramelized onions and the lightest mashed pots followed by a pasta dish that was like the goddess of mac n cheese. All plates were beautifully presented.  Everything everything everything made this the hands down best meal I have ever had!Also, they were playing the most excellent mix of indie and adult contemporary music.
5	We arrived without reservation, but luckily grabbed a table for two by the bar. This restaurant is tastefully decorated and not lacking for details. Out server greeted us and let us know the sommelier was present should we have any questions. This a tapas-style restaurant and our server suggested 2-4 plates a person. The two of us shared three plus a bottle of wine and dessert and were definitely satisfied. Our first two plates were a variety of five tomatoes with truffle oil and the duck and arugula. Both were absolutely fantastic! To follow we had the beef cheek. I dont have words to describe this dish. The beef was melt-in-your mouth delicious while the sauce it came with begged to be sopped up by bread which soon followed - two types to be precise. Our dessert (although not necessary) was a strawberry shortcake. This dish was just ok, but it did have to follow those beef cheeks. I would have had those for dessert.Overall, I would recommend this restaurant, but be sure to make a reservation to avoid disappointment.
4	Bocata has a eclectic, funky decor and a cozy, dark, cavernous vibe. More importantly, they have a good wine list (creatively pasted in the pages of an old book) and a pretty decent by-the-glass wine selection. You can order a half or a full glass, which is fun because you can try more that way. If you ask nicely, they might even give you a tasting sample to try before you commit. The per glass prices are a little steep, but pretty on par for the neighbourhood (Old Montreal).They also do some really tasty tapas-sized dishes. The salmon tartare is refreshingly innovative, the oysters are fresh, and there's usually some dish involving lobster.  They also occasionally hold special tasting events (for example, a tasting menu paired with Spanish wines, wines from Jura, sherry, etc.). Although it is technically a wine bar, they do seem to expect you to order food, and I would recommend going for a light meal or snack rather than just for drinks. It's a small space, so reservations are recommended to avoid disappointment.
5	One of our best meals in Montreal was at Bocata.  This hole in the wall place, which is a bit dark and warm in summer, served up some creative and interesting food.  Plus, the service was nice and some great wine was to be had.As one of the other reviewers pointed out it is best to approach Bocata knowing what you are getting into, which I agree with.  They do serve wine in two sizes by the glass and the prices are a bit high, but get a bottle!  Tell the sommelier what you like, and he'll recommend a bottle.  This is what we did and got a lovely spanish wine that we hand't had before and now I'm dying to find. Our server was very nice, informative, pleasant and just plain did a good job.  The food is served tapas style, small plates, but are a bit different than traditional spanish tapas.  No patatas Brava for example, but don't let that stop you, there is some good flavors and creativity here.  We started with some Iberian Negra ham, a real pleasure and hard to get in the states so this was a good treat.  The bread served with it was out of sight.  We also had the heirloom tomato salad.  Fresh and amazing flavors.  Not too heavy and the flavor of the ingredient really showed through.After that we had the beef cheeks, the halibut & mushroom duxelle, and and the veal with manchego.  The beef cheeks were tender, amazing complex flavors and the roasted shallots were a nice counter point.  The halibut was one of the best things I've had in a long time and probably one of the reasons I'm giving them 5 stars.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the mushrooms Devine and earthy, and the broth it was served in was a bit of genius and worked so well with the flavors.  The veal, well the veal was a disappointment.  The meat was cook properly and fine, but the polenta was not what I think of as creamy polenta and the manchego's flavor was lost in the polenta.  This dish needed some work or maybe my expectations were too high because of what came before.  5 dishes was more than enough for dinner for two.  I would rather have 2 or 3 bites of something amazing than a whole plate of one thing, so Bocata fits the bill for me.  Can't wait to come back and eat there again.
4	This wine bar is pretty discreet - there's no sign on the door and the greystone building could be anything.Once inside though, everything chages. The candle-lit old-European ambiance is ideal for enjoying great wines and impressive tapas-style dishes.Prices are reasonable for the high quality, and the extensive wine list arrives in the form of bible-sized book. The Rococo-inspired coziness is ideal for wintertime.
4	The rustic, cozy charm of Bocata comes mostly from an exposed stone wall from the 1700s (or so I was told). My only decor complaint was the plastic prosciutto leg hanging over the bar. Why do restaurants do that??? Everything I tried was excellent, but the dishes ARE small. The scallops were crispy on the outside, tender inside. And the oysters were sooooo clean and mellow. Even one of my dining companions who doesn't like oysters devoured her share. The foie gras was unctuous. My only complaint was that there wasn't enough! And the salmon tare tare had a lovely, but not overpowering, sprinkling of fresh dill. While I didn't flip through the wine list, I saw it from across the table and it was a friggin novel. I'm glad I wasn't in charge of picking! I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for carefully prepared, high-quality food. If you want quantity, head elsewhere.
4	On our recent trip to Montreal, we ate A LOT, this was the only place we went back to twice. The setting: very cool, its small, but you sort of feel like you're in an old European castle. one mild night we sat at the windows which open directly to the sidewalk, its on a quiet little street & was very nice. the dim/dark lighting adds to the ambiance. The food & drinks: we started with a combo of charcuterie & cheese, really good! our favorite item on the menu was the veal & manchego, the veal was cooked perfectly, the cheese was melty & it had a hint of something sweet, really good. we also did the short ribs, foie gras & a few specials. they had a nice selection of wines by the glass. the chocolate bread pudding with caramelized bananas & caramel was phenomenal!!!final thoughts: the service was great, if you're really hungry you'll have to order a bunch of small plates as the portions are small, but i highly recommend this place for date night.
5	Great atmosphere. Wine prices are a little high but worth the great food and great service. American friendly.  Small place so make a reservation.
5	Had a truly wonderful meal here, though a few things must be mentioned. They seem to have 2 main seatings for dinner, which means that you either eat a little earlier or later than you might wish. Our choices were 6:30 or 9:30. On the positive side, they did not rush us in any way, so we were able to spend a leisurely 2.5 hours over dinner, which was nice. The wine choices are extensive, and although we weren't familiar with the bottles they had, they were very knowledgeable and our server (possibly the owner?) seemed to really be interested in finding something that we would enjoy in our price range. In the end we were happy with the selection, but make no mistake: wine here is not cheap. If you go by the glass they have two sizes: small and smaller (2.5 and 5 oz glasses, which will run you about $7-9 for the small and $11-14 for the larger.  It's definitely worth getting a bottle.The plates, served tapas style, are truly small, and are definitely pricier than what you would expect from tapas restaurants, but saying that, everything we had was fantastic.  We had the iberian ham over garlicky bread (outstanding in taste but a very small portion), cured salmon (better size and equally tasty), mountain and sea (lobster meat set atop possibly the best short ribs I have ever tasted), seared scallops with red cabbage (gorgeous)  and the chocolate bread pudding with Carmel sauce (I was depressed when the plate was empty!!). These five dishes were enough for two of us; we were pleasantly full but not stuffed. Hungry diners might need another dish or two. Atmosphere was very cosy and romantic, and there were a mixture of couples and parties of six or so.  Service was efficient but not intrusive. I would definitely return and recommend Bocata, but it isn't cheap so be prepared.
4	Went to dinner here with a few friends.  It was a last minute decision at 6 pm on the day of and we called and were able to get a reservation for 9.30 pm.As others have said, it is a very small space, but can be considered cozy and on a very cold night in Montreal a perfect place to grab some tapas.  The plates are really good, especially the chorizo grilled cheese, which we had 5 of them.  Also, the grouper was really really good.  However, my only complaint is that for the price you should get a little bit more than what is provided.So if you are hungry, order a lot of plates.  The service was very attentive and not too intrusive.I wanted to try the lobster and short ribs, but alas they were out by the time we were there...looks like I need to go back.
5	We walked in here around 8pm on a Saturday evening with no reservation.  The host moved around a reserved table and gave us a great table for two.  That started the evening off well as we felt very welcome in this intimate, romantic restaurant.  Our awesome waiter told us about the menu being more tapas style and advised us on how to order.  He also told me all about how the name of my drink (the Sailor Jerome) was making fun of one of the other waiters, to keep with tradition.  All four dishes we ordered were interesting, full of great flavor, and not heavy.  Unfortunately, dinner for two can add up quickly as if you're hungry you'll want at least 2 dishes a person.  Our waiter was so charming and the whole evening was romantic and delicious.  Maybe that's why my review for Lemeac (just posted) was a bit bleh.  This place began a great couple of days for us in Montreal.  We plan on going back as it's definitely easier on the budget than other places that have food as good as this.Just a note on the drinks menu- it has a full bar but only two beers, both microbrews from Montreal.  So don't go here if you're looking for beer!
4	Someone asked, so here's an update: from what I remember, the beers they offer were from L'Alchemist brewery.  They had the Bock and a blonde.
3	Lots of hype without much follow through. The food was average, the surf and turf was delicious, charcuterie not so great. The chocolate bread pudding needed serious work. Anyone who said it was amazing is either an invalid or has no clue what good food tastes like. The one thing I wasn't impressed with was the wine-by-the-glass list. Who the hell buy a $33-$45 glass of wine ? I'm not interested if it's exclusive or not. It's an open bottle and nobody in the right mind would water their time. That was upsetting, otherwise great decor, hip crowd and decent yet pricy food.
5	One word.....AMAZING!!!! This place far exceeded expectations.  To start, the waitstaff was incredible, courteous, attentive, and knowledgable of the5 menu and wine list.  For 2 of us,  We started with the 60g cheese course, paired with chenin blanc.  All locally sourced cheeses and enough that we could each have a satiable portion and truly  enjoy each cheese.  They offer wines by the half and whole glaseses, so you can easily pair wines with your course selection. From there, we moved on to the braised leeks with truffle and duck confit with arugula.  Both were out of this world, wonderfully balanced, and again perfectly portioned. The waitress brought us multiple samples of wines to taste to find the perfect pairing.  For entrees, we had the half lobster,and the veal with manchego. Both beautifully cooked and presented.   This was one of the best restaurants, meals,culinary experience ive had in a long time. I would highly recommend to anyone eating out in montreal.
5	Came here after a dissatisfying dinner at Accords.  They did not have room for us but the gracious hostess allowed us in for 45 minutes before a reservation came in.  The wines were great, service courteous and prompt and the food yummy.  We had a sandwich and a duck salad, which sound simple, but were incredibly good and flavorful.  The wines were great, and though not cheap, we felt we got what we paid for.  This place is now on my must to visit list in Montreal.
5	Went to Bocata with a group of 10. Outstanding food, great ambience, staff that care about their customers. Staff were very knowledgeable about food and wine. Will be back soon. Their kitchen also services the restaurant next door so will try there as well.
3	Disappointed by this restaurant's limited menu and wine list. Food options are restricted to a short list of non appealing  choices. The wine list is overpriced for the quality of wines being offered. Many choices but none of them are actually good. The minimum you will spend on a bottle of wine is 50$ which is completely unjustified for the choices being offered. Need to change the sommelier ASAP !!! Food wise, I ordered the Duck and arugula ( was good but nothing spectacular ) and the Bourguignon Braised Flatiron ( delicious but too small a portion) and finished off with the chocolate brownie (too sweet and  nothing to rave about ). My wife had the small fish plate as an appetizer and the Sea Bass as a main course. Her appetizer had more fish in it for 4$ than her 17$ main... Really ??? Even if the decor, service and ambiance are nice, this place is overhyped and you could easily get a better value for your dollar elsewhere . Definitely not worth a return visit.
4	Absolutely recommended! My group of 7 had an exceptional experience- from booking the table for my wife's birthday to the service, quality of the food, and the fantastic ambience in Old Montreal.We're a group of self-professed foodies and wanted to indulge in a great Montreal meal where we could try a wide variety of dishes. Bocata's small plates (and even the entree sized dishes) were perfect for this. We came to Montreal from (respectively) Chicago, NYC, and Washington, DC, so are no strangers to good eats. This was truly one of the best food experiences I've ever had and the perfect choice for our crew. After researching where to eat, I emailed Veronique about two weeks in advance to make sure the restaurant could accommodate us and she was very helpful and responsive. Our reservation was for 9 at first, but a few friends had emergencies and couldn't make it- there were no issues emailing Veronique to  update our reservation. Upon arrival, we were seated right away. The server(s) we had were knowledgable and gave us lots of tips and recommendations. I wish I had caught both of their names! They took excellent care of our group.We opted not to order entrees in the traditional manner, but instead ordered plates in 3 or so courses, over a period of time and shared them family style among the entire group so we could all taste as many items as possible. We ordered at our leisure and never felt rushed- we were really able to enjoy all the entire experience. All of the items we tried were outstanding, but the highlights definitely included the lobster and fennel tagliatelle,  the osso bucco (the large portion was perfect for sharing with 7), and the squid ink risotto (we loved it so much, we ordered two plates). The smoked duck confit salad was also a table favorite. Most of us started with a cocktail- mine was the classic old fashioned- really well done. We then switched to wine. While I'd say we are wine lovers, many of the wines listed were way beyond accessible, and that is the only reason I didn't give Bocata 5 stars. Some of the less expensive bottles were only "meh", and even those were priced around $45/50 each. I would have liked to have had more options at  a lower price point. We splurged BIG on the food and so wanted to keep things a bit more reasonable on the drink side of things, which was difficult. We did have a bubbly toast for my wife, and selected a pinot noir varietal, which was really nice. All in all, everyone left satisfied and happy- it was a truly enjoyable experience from top to bottom and I hope to make it back to Montreal in the future so I can visit the sister restaurant located next door!Thank you, Bocata!
4	The food is creative and well prepared, the ambience is lovely, the wine list impressive. However, it seems like they haven't really decided if they are a tapas bar or not.
4	We happened upon this place when we tried to have a late night dinner at Stash Cafe which had closed for the evening. A wooden bar, vintage classic books, flickering candle light and large open windows all contributed to a rustic European ambiance. For starters we ordered the cheese plate featuring Quebec fromage and an asparagus dish. Both small plates were very tasty and nicely presented. The glass of Grenache I ordered was smooth, albeit overpriced.The boyfriend went for the sea bass as a main dish. Unfortunately, my meal ended with the starters because there were no vegetarian main dishes featured. I supplemented my meal with snacks at the hotel later.We were grateful to find a cozy place at such a late hour, but if we ever visit Montreal again, we will likely forgo this establishment and locate one with vegetarian options and food at a better value. I was also disappointed to see that most of the diners were Americans, which makes me wonder if this place primarily caters to tourists. That being said, I would still recommend if you are looking for a late night romantic meal in Old Montreal.
2	The "home made" brownie tasted like a bad batch of Duncan Hines.  I literally couldn't taste the chocolate.   Therefore, the pairing with the Nebbiolo was pointless.   Nice atmosphere and really wanted this place to work out; it's very charming.  I don't know, maybe I'll try again when the kitchen's open, just so I can mod this review.   Give it a shot but go in there with eyes wide open.  Bonne Chance!
5	I loved this place!  Came here for my birthday dinner and it was fabulous.  I loved the atmosphere with the stone, candles, and the old books.  The service was excellent.  I tried a few small plates and a few wines.  I liked the wines by the glass list - they have 2.5 ounce pours or 5 ounce pours.  I tried the smelts, watermelon, duck confit salad - all were good.  The watermelon was inventive and had a lot of flavors going on.  Definitely a good place to come hungry and try a lot of different things.  The waitress was awesome - she had great wine recommendations and was on the ball.  I can't imagine switching between 2 languages and managing several tables at a busy restaurant and our waitress did it gracefully!The atmosphere is cozy and romantic. Made for a great birthday!
5	There are not enough words in the English or French dictionary to sum up our feelings about Bocata Restaurant and Wine Bar.  We plan random visits to Montreal just so we can eat there!  This is one of those rare restaurants you discover and everything about it just stays with you.  We love the food, the wine and the staff--especially Andreane! Bocata is my favorite restaurant in Montreal and possibly the world!  Every meal I've had has been memorable.  Here are some of my favorite dishes:Citrus Risotto with Scallops, Verbena EmulsionDon't let the foam fool you!  These scallops were sooooo good!  We got to try these from the Valentine's Day Menu and they should be the everyday menu.Lobster & Fennel TagliatelleWe had no problem eating off of other people's dishes to try this delicious dish.  We just pretended there were no carbs.  This goodness is on the summer menu so you need to get it while you still can!Mediterranean Sea BassThis is also part of the summer menu.  You can lose a friendship over this one if you don't feel like sharing.  The vanilla infused sweet potato puree was perfect.BurataA featured appetizer on the summer menu.  The Burata is quite filling and tasty!  Don't worry, the bread doesn't have any carbs.Asparagus with Quail EggsHad dreams about the asparagus.  There is truffle oil in there somewhere.  We went two days in a row just to eat this again.Foie Gras Poele Aux ArgumesOkay, we love our foie gras but this one really changed our lives.  Orange marmalade  Bourbon and Maple jus and GINGERBREAD CRUMBLE.  To our Foie Gras Fairy Godmother or Godfather out there, we are willing to sacrifice a lot just to have a taste again. Amuse BoucheAlthough this was just an amuse bouche, we knew that the rest of our meal would be perfect because they got this part right!Surf & Turf So what do you get when you pair AAA Angus Beef Tenderloin with celery root puree and Roasted Lobster with Almond & Truffle Viennoise?  The perfect pair!Sweet TreatWarm chocolaty brownies with salted caramel and ice cream.  What more can a girl ask for?  And yes, the dessert had zero carbs as well.We are just so in love with Bocata Restaurant et Bar a vin all we can say is Oh My Bocata!  We can't wait to go back!
5	BocataWas so good and welcoming I am Writting my first review ever.  Every bite was delightful and 1st class.  The wine was awesome. The service was so warm and attentive.  A most go to.
5	Came here with six colleagues for what was probably the best meal I've ever had in Montreal.  It's a very charming restaurant with attentive and caring service and creative menu.  My visit was a while ago, so unfortunately I don't recall a lot of detail, but I look forward to returning someday.
5	First class all the way. Service: genuinely friendly and no stone left unturned, with a stop in from the sommelier, who provided helpful input on the delicious "new style" Bordeaux we ordered. Shiny, happy, pretty people, vibe relaxed (it's Montreal!) but the food experience lives up to any expectations you might have. I had a lobster tagliatelle -- the sauce it comes with was so perfect it nearly made me pass out, and I confess I had to get every last drop by mopping it all up with bread as well. My lovely companion enjoyed an octopus salad that was also first rate. Tagliatelle has what so many other places with tapas and wine and "foodie cred" lack: warmth.
5	Loved this cozy little place. Two of us walked in without a reservation at 8 on a Saturday. Got seated in minutes. We had the charcuterie and cheese played which were served with warm bread with olive oil -- so delicious. The cavetelli with mushrooms -- perfection and the chocolate bread pudding -- very good. Also had a glass of wine. Enjoyed this place immensely. Might be my favorite stop during my time in Montreal.
2	The food is not terrible, but the uneven service and tiny portions make this place very underwhelming. Finally, agree with earlier yelper that the wine list by the glass is tremendously overpriced.
5	Amazing place! Perfect to grab a glass of wine or five and read a book while watching the crowds in Old Montreal! The food is fresh and the Burrata is the best I've ever had! Mitch is the Sommelier and has impeccable taste in wine. His rotating wine list is exceptional. If you want to try them a they pour 1/2 glasses as well. Julia is a phenomenal waitress and makes you feel right at home! All this with a great old world ambience. You really can't go wrong. Cheers!
5	My husband, our young son (in baby stroller) and I got a seat within seconds on a Saturday night without any reservation. The waitress was awesome! Great recommendations in terms of foods and wines. The lobster carbonara tagliatelle which I ordered was soooooo good!! The sea smelts were simply delicious!! Other that the foods, musics (60s) were great too!! Bottom line - next trip to Montreal, this will be THE place for us to visit again!! -Left a happy couple with a sleeping baby-
5	We ate here twice during our stay in Old Montreal because it was that fantastic!  Definitely recommend sitting at the bar and watching the staff make their fantastic cocktails!  Try their cocktail of the day and an English mojito!!  For starters, we had the duck confit salad (best salad I've ever, ever had), octopus and arugula salad, oysters, pata negra (it's almost like prosciutto but less salty and smoother), and burrata (almost a cross between cream cheese, sour cream and mozzarella, a must have for cheese lovers).  For dinner we had the black cod and the veal shank with gnocchi and buffalo mozzarella, both were absolutely outstanding.  For dessert, we had the tiramisu and wished we could lick the bottom of the jar it came in.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu and if you have questions the staff is happy to explain anything.  We love wine but aren't quite connoisseurs yet, so we asked for recommendations based on what we do know we like and we were not disappointed with what they brought out for us.
3	I booked dinner table for five to celebrate my auntie's birthdayI asked twice ( once at the booking and another request when I received a call from them asking to confirm our attendance) to have a subtle candle or a chocolate written celebratory message on desert plate and I was assured they can do that! Upon arrival we had a look at the menus and the server suggested that we share main plates ( they are big portions)!!! Well, it is certainly not a tapas place And certainly not enough portions to share And certainly a wrong suggestion!! The portions are small size! Mainly fish ( which is not very filling) ! And even after ordering every main dish on the menu we left feeling hungry And secretly had another dinner back home! So if the management believe they are tapas place- they need to reconsider !!Wine was nice And dessert was good too Except that my two time request was not met at the restaurant When I walked to the server asking about the matter he ignorantly told me no one told them about this request And that they actually don't cater for such requests !!!! I asked to talk to the lady who I spoke to and she was not available The food is really nice and the ambiance is cool But the little annoying things ruined the experience
3	I waited 1:00 for my dish! And It turns out that, the waiter did not place the order. My grandparents were starving and complain about the awful night. It ruins our mood although the food are really good. Highly recommend the bourguignon, super tender and flavourful! Squid ink risotto is very good if u like black pepper a lot. Warm stuffed pepper with goat cheese is good, decent. Lobster roll was served with ordinary lays chips and lobster meat is a bit too chill.
4	We've been here twice on trips to Montreal and both times had outstanding meals.  The food has always been well prepared.  The atmosphere is perfect for a special night out.  Cozy and eclectic...this restaurant is a little pricey but well worth it.
5	Excellent cheese plate with local cheeses.  A very good selection of wines. Wonderful ambience.
4	This was lovely. Marianne and I and  my 13 year old son went for dinner.  Charming interior.  Cozy. Friendly service.  Really good food.  Squid ink risotto especially good in my book.  $$$ but worth the trip.
4	Bocata is a very cute and cozy restaurant on a very cute cobble stone street. The man friend and I thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience here. We came in for a late dinner on a Monday night and sat at the bar. Both of the servers were very nice, personable and accommodating. The food was really good and they have a pretty decent wine selection. (loved their wine dispenser) We ate:Pata Negra de Bellota - omg I love Jamon Iberico. It's sooo tasty! Just the right amount of saltiness and sweetness from the meat....Duck confit salad with a crispy egg - the man friend loved it so much he didn't even save a bite for me! sighLobster Carbonara Tagliatelle - came with tomatoes, spinach and an egg yolk in its shell. This was so delicious! The egg yolk added a nice creaminess to the pasta. The veggies added some brightness to the dish and there was plenty of lobster mixed in with the pasta. The portions here are not big. Most of the restaurants we dined at in Montreal had much bigger portions but this was just enough for the both of us. We both left happy and satisfied and headed to Le Lab - recommended by the servers.
5	This was a great discovery recommended by a friend. The ambiance is really cozy and the food is quite tasty. Definitly would recommend it to a friend;)
5	I don't think I've given a five star review before.  Ever.   But this place warrants it.  The thing that makes it great is that the staff seemed to really care about the work they were doing and the food they brought out.   At our table, for apps we had a special duck confit salad (which seems like it's a fairly common special), and fried smelt. Both were awesome in their own right.  Especially the salad, which may qualify as life-changing.  Entrees were roasted cod, squid ink risotto with various shellfish, roasted seabass with a creamy sweet potato topper, and a basic kids pasta, which in reality was a tasty tagliatelle pomodoro. Excellent wine selection, if a bit pricey.  We had a few off the by-the-glass menu which were delicious.  To seal the deal, we had the chocolate lava cake and tiramisu.  Both were delicious.  We finished off with some Taylor Fladgate 10 year old Porto, which is always nice.  A decent selection of after-dinner drinks if that is your thing.      As others have written, the portions here are not big.  They are appropriately sized to give you a delicious and fulfilling meal.  If you want to strap a feedbag on your face, you can try Buffalo Wild Wings or something.  We took our time and we never felt rushed.  On a Sunday night, they turned away at least 25 people.  They could've tried to move the tables, but that never happened.
5	Bocata was the perfect antidote to a cold, gray day in Montreal. We sat at the bar and received great service.   Fantastic oysters from PE Island,  a lovely stuffed pepper and fantastic cod as an entree.  Our waiter made great wine and food suggestions.
