5	Usually you would never want to review a restaurant after one experience, on day one, but it was something that had to be done. In fact, my dad and I were the first two customers, and were immediately fussed over by the master of schmoozing, Pavle Milic. Him and partner Charleen Badman have teamed up for a simpler concept to the ever classy FnB.This 20-something seat cafe is very casual and comfortable that you don't even notice sitting at the bar for two hours over a bottle of wine and a few appetizers. The staff, very similar to the staff at FnB. Some of the same people, fussing all over you and taking care of you is a great feeling.We ordered a bottle of Dos Cabezas 'Red,' which is their red table wine. I'm a huge fan of Dos Cabezas, and for them offer a bottle for under $40, I was very pleased. We needed some food, so we ordered their marinated olives. A standard, but good nonetheless. The pork rillette was absolutely amazing. Rich, savory, salty and delicious. Coming in a glass jar, surrounded by lard, we knew this was going to be amazing. It also came with a small pickled salad of radishes and whole grain mustard that were excellent compliments. We couldn't stop spreading the rillette on the freshly toasted crisps, and had to get more to finish. It was an excellent portion size. We were in the cafe for two hours, had a bottle of wine, a bowl of olives, and the pork rillette. It was more than enough food, and with tax and tip it was roughly $60. That's an excellent deal. If we would have substituted the olives out for something larger portioned, like a salad or sandwich, the bill would have only been $3 more, and that would be a full meal for two.I think Pavle and Charleen are going to blow Old Town away with Baratin. The price points are so great, the quality is impeccable, and the service is flattering. I feel like this is the perfect compliment to FnB. Baratin allows for the same quality of food but it's more accessible than the white table clothed FnB. Also, a huge benefit is their two retail concepts on either side of Baratin. To the left is AZ Wine Merchants that is your one-stop-shop for any Arizona wine you could dream of, including all of the local wines they serve at Baratin. And to the right, there's Bodega, which is a local foodie's paradise; sourcing fresh produce and locally made goods.Cheers to Baratin!
5	So you like FnB? You like small, homegrown, local loving establishments? Lucky for you, Baratin is right up your alley. I had the pleasure of going in and guess who prepared my food? The lovely Charleen of course. How refreshing is it to be able to see this local chef (who's buddies with Gabrielle Hamilton of Prune NY.... sigh...) at the counter, assembling my pulverized jidori chicken liver plate! We also had a lamb sandwich with an amazing feta tzatziki sauce on it- oh yes, and for our 3rd dish (there were 2 of us, and 3 dishes was plenty)- we had cous cous with McClendon's carrots... SOO yummy. There were currants mixed in and probably a little curry powder. So good. They had lots of local wines and 1 cocktail on the menu (a Vespar, affordably priced at $7). The shop next door is awesome. We bought a few donuts and mesquite chocolate cookies for breakfast the next day... They have Queen Creek Extra Virgin Olive Oil in a huge vat, where you can fill up your own container for an affordable .50 an oz (I think that was the price, whatever the price was, it was affordable). I highly recommend dropping by. I plan on returning many times.
5	Just go. Anything FnB Team Charleen and Pavle do is gold - and they've done it again.  The food is fresh, delicious and inspired.  Beautiful, really.  And priced so well you can order everything on the menu to share. Leave with a happy belly, a few new friends, a couple of bottles of wine from the AZ Wine Merchant next door and some exotic local fruit, farm fresh local veggies, preserved lemons, homemade donuts or fresh bread from Bodega - another Badman/Pavle creation connected to Baratin.  The space is urban, easy and friendly, right in Old town Scottsdale in the Kiva Center.  You'll like it.  Just go.
5	Charleen and Pavle have done it again.  Blowing us away with outstanding food.  I came here on opening day, and I can't believe it has taken me this long to write anything about it.  This quaint little place, I would say about 30 seats is such a delight.  I going to say Pavle should earn a Michellin Star just on service alone, ha ha.  He knows exactly what to do the make the customer feel comfortable dining in his restaurant.  He did the same for me when I went to FnB.     Glancing over the tiny menu, only 6 offerings, Pavle suggested that I try a Cheese and fruit board that wasn't listed on the menu.  So I trusted his opinion.  For the life of me I don't remember what type of cheese it was, but it was fantastic!  I could eat the hell out of that all day long.  It also came with bread, dates, walnuts, and a fruit mustarda.  A great way to begin the meal.   I ordered the Jidori chicken sandwich which came with giardiniera.  Let me tell you this chicken sandwich was a mouthgasm.  God I'm craving it right now.  Succulent chicken with veg and Manchengo cheese, hmmm.  I don't like giardiniera, so I can't fault them for that.  I understand the combination, it's just not for me.  So next time I will just get the sandwich.   Although I am not a wine drinker I usually still look at the wine menu.  Baratins was pretty darn expansive.  I can't tell whether its impressive or not though, heh.  The bottom line of Baratin is that if you love FnB food, but at a fraction of the price come here and you will not be disappointed!!
5	Peggy and I visited Baratin for the second time in two weeks.  We had been to FnB and after heeding Pavle's advice, checked out Baratin. OMG!  The limited menu is unlimited in taste!  Salads, "potted" creations that are amazing, and the same original and locally produced products that make Pavle and Charlene such wonderfully creative people.  Eric is a wonderful server, and Annie at the front of the Bodega is cheery and welcoming.   Hats off again to the combined mastery of Pavle Milic and Charlene Badass...oh wait...Charlene Badman!!!
5	Chef Charleen is my hero. A rising star in our little town. Finally, I await to hear those three glorious words with gleeful anticipation: "Tonight she's doing..."Tuesday nights are winemaker dinner. This season at $45pp++ it's a screaming deal. Who needs the pretense of a 6-person-, $1800-minimum chef's table (plus the plane ticket) when you can enjoy these (seemingly) simple but delectable creations, served to share:--crispy ziti, peccorino, oil, garlic;--ceviche of mussels, salad. zips;--flat iron pork, vietnamese style over pork belly-wrapped pate and a crispy toast;--date marmalade, fig chutney, roasted goat cheese and chocolate with almonds and walnutsall of this served with delightful accompanying wines from Wilcox, Arizona. Who knew!?It's my new Tuesday night hangout. If you can get a table (reserve early), arrive just after 6 to mingle with your fellow gourmands or browse the bookending wine shop and corresponding mini-grocery. The fun begins at 6:30.
5	Once again, Peggy and I were impressed with this wonderfully conceived and executed experience.  Eric again proved why he is so well fitted to what he does as a server and teacher of new cuisine. The beet salad, jidori chicken sandwich (don't even think this is like a regular ol' chicken sandwich!) and the amazing way that both old and new vegetables are treated here is amazing.  This place has again and again proven why big things come in little packages!
5	Without a doubt, this is one of the best places to dine in AZ. I attended a Pillsbury Wine Co. dinner here and have been twice for lunch, and it's always exceeded my expectations. Yes, the menu is tiny - only a handful of items - but they always seem to sense what I'm craving via ESP or something.Today's overstuffed Jidori chicken torta with beans, cilantro mayo and chilies was a total bargain at $10. Last time, I had pickled mussels and a memorable egg salad sandwich with bacon, both of which blew my mind. And do not miss Charleen's butterscotch pudding - one of the best desserts of my entire life, and I do not joke about these things. The wine list is stellar, too, featuring top Arizona selections.On top of the always incredible food and drink, the setting is cute as can be, with darling decor and a precious patio overlooking a gorgeous little courtyard with foliage and fountains. And I'd be remiss if I didn't give a shout out to the superior servers, who are charming, engaging and simply a ton of fun. Bravo, Baratin!
4	Every time I eat here, I feel like someone has invited me to their house and fixed me a simple yet toothsome meal. Very simple menu, great selections of wine by the glass, wonderful service. This is not your usual over the top empty feeling chain, it's food that comes from a place where people care. Ask about specials, ask for something if you don't see it. Don't be in a hurry, though the service is quick. This isn't fast food, it's good food.
4	Really interesting place!  I had high expectations since it is a more casual version of FnB and I wasn't disappointed.  The menu is very limited, but everything is farm fresh and very flavorful.  Have your service describe the dishes and make recommendations.  I guarantee they won't veer you wrong!
5	one of my new favorites.  Charleen Badman has got to be the hardest working chef in the Valley.  She's at the Farmer's Market, at Baratin, at FNB, doing Late Night Love at FNB.  I'm not sure where the girl gets the energy, but her food is just fantastic.  I agree with other reviewers who recommend having your server explain the daily dishes.  I NEVER would have ordered a beet salad they featured one day, but our server talked me into it.  It was absolutely delicious.  I love that they change the menu and always offer something interesting, fresh, and innovative.Definitely check out Bodega next door while you're there.  They sell the wonderful MJ breads they use for all their sandwiches and other goodies that they use in the restaurants.   Also they stock Queen Creek olive oil in a huge vat.  If you bring in your own container, they'll fill it  - great olive oil for a great price.
5	Being from the school of "catch 'em being good" rather than let's see if we can find something wrong and bitch about it, I am again singing the praises of one of the best "little plate HUGE flavor" restaurants that exist. Pavle Milic and Charlene Badman's other love child, Baratin  (FnB being the other), continues to showcase the best of local organic ingredients in an inviting atmosphere. Emily (Pavle's wife) is a bright shining face who makes everything feel like home. Eric is the man with a plan to guide the guest to all things wonderful and creative. He is superb. The mix of flavors in all of the light courses is mind-boggling and designed for one bite to contain all of Badman's magic. This visit was enhanced by a watermelon/mint (among other things) salad, a Schreiner sausage/lentil dish, cold fried chicken sandwich (not talking just tomato and mayo.....but an incredible cast of characters as well), and grilled corn on the cob with crumbled Oaxaca cheese component (as well as other fresh veggies) that was just incredible. This is the perfect summertime (or anytime) place!  Hope you treat yourselves to this venue!!  Dr. B
4	Stopped here for a quick bite late one night.  Had just the salad and a side of their pickled beets.  I would recommend this place to foodies, it has 7 tables, so it is small, and you can tell their attention goes into details.
5	Incredible food, incredible atmosphere!! A must try!
5	This restaurant is the true definition of farm to table fresh. I felt like I was eating the items freshly picked from my garden. The food is fresh, absolutely extraordinary and changes on a daily basis. Don't like what you see on the menu? Too bad! What you see is what you get and they won't sway. However, take that as a blessing because trust me, you don't want them to change a thing about their featured menu. Everything is paired and prepared to perfection and delicious with every bite. As I mentioned, the menu changes daily and is based on what's in season and what the chef feels like making! I highly suggest trying a little of everything, even if it doesn't sound appealing. I am not a big lamb fan but we shared the lamb sandwich and wow. I gobbled up every last bite! To starts, we shared a salad with fresh nectarines, burrata and tomatoes. I realized that the product I eat must not be as fresh as I think, because I have never tasted tomatoes as fresh as the ones they served. We also had bruschetta with garlic and more tomatoes. Every bite was pure bliss and it's all thanks to the freshness of the ingredients and the chef's talent. If you want to experience a culinary masterpiece, I suggest trying our Baratin...especially if you like FNB for they are owned by the same person after-all!
5	I'm a big fan of FnB. I tried to drop in for for a quick dinner on a friday night with no reservations. No dice. While i was being turned away, the hostess let me know that Baratin was around the corner.The final verdict is that Baratin is a nice, simpler compliment to FnB.  If you are looking for a nice cozy place to grab a bite to eat with a friend/SO you should give it a shot!  Baratin is now on my rotation of go-to restaurants when i'm around Scottsdale.
5	Baratin made my day, truly a pleasure.I started out with a salad with Maytag, roasted hazelnuts, pears and butternut squash, every bit of it was absolutely perfect. I almost cried when one of the nuts rolled off the plate. The salad mix was fresh and crisp, the butternut was, I think raw, or just barely cooked, and I kept thinking, why didn't I think to do that? The combination of flavors was a sin.Next I had brussels sprouts with pickled red onion and some other deliciousness I can't remember. They were those perfect petite brussels, not the big honking ones that don't hold their shape. Good flavor, crisp, and the red onion gave them some bite. I enjoyed them.You should eat at Baratin, probably more than once.
5	Went a couple months back on a Sunday evening while on business in the PHX area and thoroughly enjoyed my experience. Decided to go to Baratin based on the online menu but stuck with my decision when I showed up and saw something different in-store.Glad I did. Small, cozy place with attentive service and great, reasonably-priced farm-to-table fare. I don't even normally like meatloaf, and the meatloaf sandwich I had at Baratin was grade-A stuff. Sat at the makeshift mini-bar type thing and ended up enjoying a conversation with the man manning the kitchen. Butterscotch pudding was superb, and the local canned beer I had wasn't bad, either.Baratin seems like it'd be the perfect place to drop in once every couple months with a significant other.
5	Baratin is a small restaurant in Scottsdale with an amazing chef. The restaurant is Baratin at lunch time and FnB for dinner. I was here for the Batatin lunch which has a constantly changing menu because they only use fresh, local, organic ingredients. The menu is very short for lunch (only six items on the menu when you include the desert) and much longer for the FnB dinner.  It doesn't matter that the menu is short because if you come with an open mind, you will get a great meal whether you are a meat eater or a vegetarian. Everything on the menu is very good gourmet food at a reasonable price.  The Baratin lunch menu is much more simpIe than the FnB dinner menu but it is just as enjoyable. They only cary local Arizona wines and draft beers. They also serve delicious cocktails. I ordered the fresh squeezed lemonade and a turkey sandwich called the Macy's Day Parade Part 2. The lemonade was so good! Probably the best lemonade I have ever had. It had a little bit of pulp in it. It was just the right balance of sweet and sour. The sandwich was smoked turkey, avocado, mustard greens, feta and green Harissa on fresh gourmet artisan bread. I don't know what Harissa is but I love it now! It made this sandwich pop! It seemed to be a savory type of relish or tapanad. The fresh greens and smokey turkey made this a great experience on the toasted artisan bread. The sandwich was clean, fresh, savory, flavorful and filling. The sandwich came with a mix of pickled vegetables that have the perfect tangy accompaniment to the sandwich. The vegetables were green beans, onions, squash, cauliflower, greens, cucumbers, carrots, and celery. Together you have a great symphony of flavors dancing on your tongue.  End the meal with the butterscotch "puddin" and you will be ruined for life on pudding. The pudding is so full of butterscotch flavor and sweet but not overly sweet. It is topped with fresh whipped cream and baking spice or nutmeg which reminds you of pumpkin pie, as does the thick texture, but it is pudding and it will haunt your dreams. This pudding is the stuff dreams are made of. It is the one dish that is always on the menu. The only problem with the butterscotch pudding is that i can't get my tongue in the bowl to lick it clean, but maybe that was intentional since other people in the restaurant probably don't want to see me stoop to such actions.  The restaurant is not pretentious at all. The employees are always very sweet and give great service. If I lived or worked by Baratin I would come here every day and not get sick of it. If you want simple yet reasonably priced (the sandwich was just $12 and the pudding was $5) gourmet food, come to Baratin. You HAVE TO come in the evening to experience the complex gourmet flavors of FnB from the very same chef!!!
4	My husband wanted to try something new while we were in this part of town.  We had been wanting to try Baratin for dinner, but they fill up pretty quickly for dinner.  I'm not a huge fan of lunch, unless they serve a dinner menu at lunch.  Since they only had a lunch menu, I decided to order the fingerling potatoes. There were a whole $5 dollars and worth so much more.  The potatoes were dressed in some sort of chicken gravy.  My husband and I shared the dish and I was actually quite full afterward.  My husband ordered the turkey sandwich. I liked the humus in the sandwich, but didn't care much for the pickled corn that came on the side.  The best part of the meal was the butterscotch pudding.  Holy Cow!  That was ridiculous!  I don' t even like sweets, but I made the exception.  It was just so creamy and natural tasting.  I would love to be able to make something like this for my kids.  They would love me forever!
5	Delicious. Simple, gourmet fresh fare. Menu is different everytime I've been there (except for the one dessert they offer on their lunch menu). One of my favorite lunch spots.NOW CALLED FnB. Same place, same owner, different name.
5	My wife and I were a little disappointed by a menu with 5 options (plus one dessert) and almost walked out when nothing jumped out at us. But we put our faith in the Yelp! community.  So glad we stayed!  We shared a couple things and it was one of the best lunches we've had anywhere.  Our favorite was the the summer squash salad, but everything was amazing.  Will definitely be back next time in Scottsdale.
1	Food is overpriced. Service is awful. They give you two tiny pieces of bread with a sizeable appetizer, but when you ask for more bread, they act like you're robbing them. They are all incredibly rude, including the chef. Terrible ambiance, no music. Trying to be New York. Waste of time, head to Herb Box, right around the corner.
