2	The store is on the small side so there isn't much inventory on the inside. I was up in Cave Creek looking for (my first pair of) cowgirl boots and of course thought I could find them at a store with boot company in the name. There weren't many boots, maybe about 10-15 pairs. The lady running the store had a pretty bad attitude when I said I was looking for boots under $200. By pretty bad, I mean condescending and rude. If you are looking for expensive/fancy cowboy wear, then this is the store. I was hoping for a down-to-earth, easy going western store and this definitely isn't it.
3	Spirit of the West Boot Company is a super high end clothing/jewelery/boot store.  They have some really nice items but it appears to be more of a designer western store.  Exotic boots and designer jeans lead it not to be your Grandpa's boot store.  The merchandise is very nice though so that is a plus.  The store is small and does have a limited selection and inventory on hand.  This was exacerbated on my visit by the fact that in the Summer it is mostly locals in the area so the selection dwindles.  About a 1/3 of the store is delegated to jewelry and it is pretty jewelry.  Interestingly enough the two workers/owners there had their pet parrots in the store.  I'm not a big fan of parrots to begin with so I thought it was a bit tacky.
4	I love the boots and sandals.   Great selection, nice people.   Check out the birds.
5	If you're looking for a sweet, small shop with personalized service this is it! Don't come here looking for cheap crap though! Thsi is all top of the line product - so to the reviewer that said they wanted boots under $200 - go to Boot barn for that crap. I prefer quality!!The owners helped me with an amazing pair of Lucchese boots that were on sale!! I was a little freaked at the over $500 price tag but at $250 they are my favorites now! However - my next pair ... is the brown & gold Lucchese that are $600 ... These are all HANDMADE in the USA. So the quality is amazing. The workmanship is beautiful. Hubby got a beautiful brown leather vest that looks great with his new boots too. Can't forget to take care of him! LOLAlthough some may say the selection is small - remember that this is Cave Creek - an artsy little town in the West - not a big box store. This is a great place to do an "upgrade" from  your first pair of boots ... to an awesome pair that you'll get a lifetime of wear from. Even after the sale - bring in your dusty grungy boots you got there & they will make them look like new again!Overall - I'm going back again real soon!p.s. That hand painted long wild west leather  jacket hanging on the right wall... O M G I wish it fit me!!!
5	I'm actually shocked that there were not more rave reviews posted about this place! I went in via a recommendation from my grandmother, a permanent local who was in town visiting, and I'm lucky I did!The service cannot be beat! I wanted authentic cowboy boots to bring back to Chicago and assumed this would be an easy feat. No, no. Cowboy boot shopping is quite an event, think finding those perfect fit jeans. The owners were incredibly knowledgable about fit and tailoring the boot to be just right. They even stretched a pair for me before I realized, I could use more room and we had to tailor another pair. I felt awful but they were so kind and said,"not to worry, they only cared that I got the right pair that I would love."I was floored by their patience and kindness. As noted in another post, the selection is a but limited but digestible so you will know quickly if it works and given the help of the stellar staff, be able to make assessments about what you really want. They do custom make boots but it can be pretty pricey, ~$700 which couldn't commit to since I won't wear them often enough.I will continue to send all cowboys and pretenders (like myself) to this store when in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. Impressive job!
