3	Location: Place Alexis-Nihon, right on the subway line. Hell, you can get off the subway and find your way to the store without ever stepping outside. The store is a bit small and cramped.Service: My personal experience has been great. The clerks are knowledgeable about their products and can quickly make suggestions if you're looking for something to treat a specific ailment (whether this be the need to chill out, detox - whatever). In particular, I want to give a shout-out to the lovely blonde gal with the boy cut and specs -she is awesome! She's super friendly and willing to go the extra mile for a client, and that goes a long way.  There is another fellow (Thomas) who I think is the manager, who is also great. Teas: I love their tea - they have a ton of amazing flavours, and  I would say that most, if not all of their tea, is of high quality. If you're looking for a particular product or accessory to go with your tea, chances are they've got it, too.  I don't particularly like their Chai teas, but they have a delicious pinieapple tea that I have every day. SO good. The cons: Yes, sadly, there are cons. 1- I may be wrong but I suspect that the staff are told to use pressure tactics on their clients because whenever I go in there, they try to sell me more tea than I want or need. I usually know what I want, so you can make suggestions but if I say no, move it along already. 2- The Teavana/Starbucks combo card is a tad annoying. First of all, neither the staff at Teavana or Starbucks knows a damn thing about it. I had to go on-line to get the low-down on the card and what it offered. If you're going to offer member cards, then your staff needs to be well-informed and knowledgeable about the benefits of the card, as well as how/where you can check balances etc. Furthermore, you have to top up the card to a) use it and b) get one star per purchase. Because tea can be so expensive, I think that they should consider a points system instead, where you accumulate points with each purchase and get a discount or something, after X number of points has been accumulated. I'm still trying the card so I'll see how it goes. Side note: the app sucks, so you have to log on to the Starbucks site to check your balance or your stars. 3- I got an email from Teavana letting me know that they were having a friends and family event for 3 days, and that a discount of 30% would be applied to everything. I read the email - that's what it says. Sadly, their staff had no clue what the hell was going on with that promotion. It's not their fault - clearly upper management doesn't share the details of their discounts with them. First, I was told it was on select teas only, then I was told it was for friends and family of employees, then I was told that to get the promo you had to buy 12 teas, a spoon and a tin. What. The. Hell. The email says EVERYTHING on-line and in-store. Again - I want to reiterate that the staff is great - it's not their fault that no one explains things to them. But seriously Teavana, WTF? Manage your people!4- Lastly, some douche-bag client decided to make rude comments while I was speaking to 'my' clerk, and the clerk HE was muttering complaints to (about me - what the hell did I do!?) was looking at me then back at him and rolling his eyes. Totally NOT appreciated. The discussion I was having with 'my' clerk had to do with the discrepancy between the information in the email, and what the clerks in the store were told - if I hadn't said anything, they still wouldn't know a damn thing about their own promotion and I would've gotten ripped off. Shut the F up and mind your damn business, especially if you don't know what's going on. As for the clerk - before rolling your eyes at me, you better make sure I'm not looking at you, buddy. MY clerk was awesome. So, you should check out Teavana - they have a great product, and the staff will treat you well. But the company itself, has some sh*t to iron out.
