5	I've shopped at their store when it was located on Southern and at their new location, and every time has been an excellent experience.  Between locations, the staff hasn't changed much.  Seems like pretty much everyone that works there goes skiing or snowboarding and can offer good insight to the equipment they sell.They offer a wide variety of snow gear and also some water sports gear.  Great store for the gear geek in all of us.The rental department is friendly, courteous and knowledgeable in fitting first time skiers/snowboarders with the right ski/board and boots.Overall, superb shopping experience.
1	I was a long time customer of Ski Pro and having made purchases at all locations several times. I thought of myself as having some brand loyalty...at least when it comes to local retail purchasing.  I do look online if it doesn't require holding or fitting. However, the last purchase I will ever make from Ski Pro was last summer.  I bought a Ronix ski rope handle.  This was one of their nicest and most expensive models, priced over $120. At checkout I was told about their 2 week return policy.  The following weekend we went to the lake.  After 2 or 3 runs, I noticed it was already coming apart.  Not just in one location either.  The rubber grip was tattered already in two different places, the seams were falling apart, and the clear coating was flaking.  It never touched anything other than water.  Not the board, swim deck, boat, or anything. Literally, about 3 hours of use by two very experienced riders.  The next weekend, 11 days after the purchase, I returned to the store to exchange the rope for a different one and was basically told to "F off".  The 17 year-old stoner behind the counter said they couldn't return the item.  I wasn't even looking for my money back, I just wanted an in-store credit to buy a different handle.  The answer was still no.  His position was that they can't take back the product because it had been used.  Yet he couldn't explain why they allow returns on all other ski accessories which I've purchased mass amounts of over the last 7 year.  I've even returned a wake board I bought from Ski Pro after taking to Lake Powell for a week!  Back then (2002ish) Susan, the owner, ran the Camelback location and had a better grip on things. So anyhow, I asked the clerk how I would've know the product was faulty unless we used it.  He shrugged his shoulders and said "sorry dude, you own it now".   Apparently, the two week policy is only for unused items.  I asked how they assess if something's been used (given that I've returned numerous items and admitted they were used) i.e. boots that were pinching, shades don't fit right, board not aggressive enough, etc.  He stated "it's a case by case basis".  I couldn't believe the product warranty and company return policy was being judged by a 17yr old kid and basing his decision on if an item looks used. He even said to me "if it looks used, how would we be able to sell it to anyone else?"  I asked him why they would sell a faulty product to someone else.  He shrugged.   After about 4 minutes of him not being able to explain this ridiculous policy, I decided to leave the product with them in hopes they would reconsider their position and reminded him I would be happy to apply the amount to another handle. No dice.That is the last time I'll ever shop there.  Period.
4	So now I've been to two Ski Pros in the Valley and I'm pleasantly please with both of them when it comes to their merchandise. I haven't rented from them yet, but if their selection of clothing has anything to say about what they offer then I approve! From Spyder, to North Face to Columbia, they have everything to choose from. The ski clothes are adorable and trendy. And the best part? The sales! They have a continuous sale going on it feels like, and the rumor on the street is that a huge sale is coming in February. Count me in!
5	Love having a ski shop nearby...worth paying a little extra for it.
4	Great service. Cool and helpful people like Nik work here. Wide selection, too.
5	So the feel when you first come into this store is high school.  All the stickers and post magazine psuedo graffitti gives the hints the crew that works there are a bit on the younger side but then again shredding the gnar with fluffy stuff everywhere is what it's all about.  The staff seemed really knowledgable about gear, clothing and tuning gear.  Braeden was super helpful in helping be locate the tuning kit I needed and had it shipped from another store on the fly.  Totally appreciated it and have been sending everything from snow bunny rentals to the seasoned brosef for snowboarding needs.
5	I have purchased a number of items from Ski Pro through their online store.   Their prices are great and they ship quickly.   What prompted this review was actually something that could've been a negative experience, but the customer service they provided was above and beyond.  I ordered a Nordica ski system which when it arrived, the binding box had a bit of damage and apparently the bag of screws had fallen out at some point.   I called Ski Pro and they were extremely apologetic, offered to credit me back some of my purchase price for the inconvenience (without me needing to push for it at all) and are expediting the screws out to me.    Obviously it was problematic that they shipped something that was missing a piece, but these things happen no matter who you buy from and what separates these issues are how the retailer handles the situation.  This to me was quality top notch customer service and although I generally like to buy from a local place, their prices and this example of how they went above will cause me to continue to buy from them for all items that don't need a personal fitting.
1	First snow of the season in Arizona this weekend.... went to check out the website, as I like to shop local.... I'm a pear shaped woman... I require a size xl in snowboard pants.  I want something cute, no luck...every pant I looked at....Ride, 686, DC....all not available in XL...Did I mention they are all current season items I'm looking at.....I would understand if I was trying to get a deal... the website clearly has a size chart for  each brand and the measurements for XL are clearly stated on the size chart.... but there are no XL SIZES available to purchase.  Come on Ski Pro... where is your love for the curvy girl? I'll shop some where else where I can get my size and look stylish.....
4	Really love this place! They have an amazing selection of snow sport, water sport, and skating gear.  The merchandise is a little expensive, but the quality is superb and worth it.  They have great sales too and if you come at the right time, when the sport is off season, you can really find some great deals.  The staff is always very helpful as well and will answer any questions you may have.  They are sometimes a little slow at the register, but it's a big store and this location, in particular, is very popular.
1	I went in looking for ski boots that would fit a very narrow foot.  I had found some online with the same width that my forefoot measures, but would much rather shop locally, so I searched the manufacturer website to find a dealer in Phoenix.  I was happy when Ski Pro came up because I have shopped there before.  When I got there, they tried many boots on me, all of which were much too wide for my extremely narrow foot.  They were not able to order the boots for me either, but suggested that I buy them online and that they could custom them to my feet for a charge.  Ecstatic, I bought the boots.  They fit great with first try on, but once I hit the slopes, I could tell that paying for them to custom them to my feet would be well worth it.  When I went in a few weeks later to get a little help with a few places where the boots hurt my feet, he talked to me as if I were stupid and asked why on earth I would have bought boots online.  He didn't seem to remember that he suggested that I go through with that idea since stores do not carry my width.  We agreed that it would be a much cheaper alternative to completely custom boots from manufacturers like Surefoot.  After establishing that I was stupid for purchasing boots online, he then told me that there was nothing that he could do to help me.  I will be the first to admit that I was lacking knowledge as to what I needed to do to modify the boots, but that is why I went to a pro both before purchasing and after purchasing.  He even mocked me in regards to the width of my foot asking how I was so sure that it was the measurement that it was.    When I told him that I went online for a diagram on how to measure the last of the foot, he cut me off and sassed, "I know what a last is."  I'm really not sure how much he heard.  He was very kind and helpful the first time.  The second time, he said the exact opposite of all of what he told me the first.  it was all I could do to not cry in front of my daughter after how rude he was to me the whole time I was there.  The only thing that I can think of is that the guy next to me was buying boots.  I do not know if they get commission or not.  I was definitely there to pay as much as it took to get them fitting right, but I guess you don't get commission on service.
