1	My mother purchased an assisted lift chair (in-stock, not special order) two weeks after my father's quadruple by-pass surgery with the anticipation he would be coming home to use it quickly.  We could not forsee his lung collapsing and him requiring an additional four weeks of hospitalization.  As soon as he was released, my father sat in the chair and it was not comfortable to him at all.  I immediately called the store where it was purchased and asked about returning it.  The store manager, Carrie, said that we would have to pay a restocking fee, but she would have to speak to the store owner first.  She did not call me back for several days, and then told me that the owner, Steve Heffley, would not accept the chair that no one ever sat in, even for an exchange.  I cannot believe that is the company policy to defraud the elderly in their time of need.  I sincerely hope that this can be resolved.
5	Great customer service! Ask for Henry if you go here, he's fun, great sense of humor, knowledgeable, understanding and not pushy. We came in here "just to look" and boy did we fall in love! After 2 hours there, discussing fabrics, materials, and looking at several different recliner sets, we fell in love but couldn't decide between a sectional and a couch/loveseat set. Henry didn't push us to buy right then and there (unlike other sales people). He was cool and said "you don't have to buy right now, right away, you can go home and sleep on it, and measure your living room to make sure the sectional fits just to be on the safe side and come back whenever"... Pretty awesome, right? I have NEVER been to a single furniture store in my life where I didn't feel pressured to buy... until now! Most sales people wouldn't have cared whether it fits or not, as long as they make a sale. I'm glad we listened to him though, we went home and measured, and sure enough, the sectional we were looking at getting was too big for our living room. The next day, Henry called and said they were having a sale for customized furniture the following week, so if we do decide to buy, to come back on this day or this day. We went back that following week and purchased the couch/loveseat set. Unfortunately, we have to wait 6-10 weeks for delivery due to having it customized, but I think its worth it. I cant wait! One week down... 5-9 more weeks to go! lol. Oh and they give military discount... I believe its only 5% but hey that's better than nothing, right? I have to admit, the fact that Henry didn't  pressure us into buying right away played a big factor in us coming back, along with the multiple discounts of course, but the salesman himself rocked!
1	I thought the people inside Ashley's Furniture were annoying....We stopped in here once when we were looking for a love seat. The sales guy was soo, sooo unbearably aggressive!We humored him and sat on what felt like every love seat they had to offer. He gave us some nonsense about how our back and feet have to be properly alined to promote good circulation.... I don't know what the hell he was talking about and he honestly would not STOP talking. What really stood out to me was the lack of la-z-boys! Where were all the reclining chairs they're famous for??  And the lack of leather furniture too. They used a lot of a cheap-looking imitation. I pictured them as being a bit more upscale, but instead I felt more like I was in one of those warehouse places.
5	Lazy Boy staff member (Matt) realized I needed design help with my choice of fabric and set me up with Sarah who is a professional designer with a minor in architecture. She came to my homes (present and future) to assess my needs. We picked fabric for the sleeper sofa. She was professional and very pleasant. She understands scale, color, and space planning- the great triumvirate for a good looking room. Go there. They have an amazing fabric selection.
