2	I needed to print and fax a document this morning so I stopped by this location instead of the one on North Durango since it's a little closer to my house....big mistake.This location is 3x bigger than the one I normally use, but they didn't offer Self-Printing unless you rented a computer....what?  They had a sign over the copiers & printers that said "Self Service Copy and Print" (See pics).  When I asked the guy he said, "We don't offer that here, you have to rent a computer to self print"....when I told him the North Durango location offered it, he shrugged and said "Well, we don't here"......they why the hell do you have a sign that says you do??!!In any case, I made him do it for me....bottom line I paid 22 cents to have 2 pages printed, where it would have cost me 30 cents per minute plus the printing costs for renting a computer.  I know it sounds petty, but when you expect a certain service and they pull a fast one on you like that it makes the business look petty.I then used the Self-Fax machine without any issues.  That's what prevented this from being a 1 Star review.Will I return?  Me thinks not.
3	They say you should give a place a second chance....well, today I did.  I had a bad experience the last time I was at this location and swore I wouldn't return.  However, circumstances and my schedule found me at this location once again looking to get some printing done.After unsuccessfully trying their new Self-Printer, I asked for assistance.  A new employee eagerly helped me out, making sure I was taken care of and that I left happy.  Despite being new and not really understanding how to work certain computers and printers, she gave it a shot and was able to handle my requests in a quick and efficient manner.I'm glad I gave this place a second chance.  It always makes me feel good when I do and they come through.  I only gave it 3 Stars because the Self-Printer didn't work and charged my credit card for stuff that never printed.  The employee had to back out those charges and print it herself from her computer/printer.  I hope they work out the kinks.Will I return?  Sure.
4	There is alot of parking and it never seems to be busy when i go to pick things up for the office but the staff here is always friendly and they all know what there talking about when i have questions. Its not hard to find either. This location is always quick on orders as well and the quality comes out exceptional as well. Def a place we will continue to do our business with.
3	Friendly and quick service even though the prices were outrages. $45 to ship my laptop across the country? Well, I guess you got me there. I would've been better off paying a small child to smuggle it through the security checkpoint for me but I digress.
4	Our printer was on the fritz so we popped in here to print out some documents we needed.  I haven't used an office center in years and was happy to discover how easy they have become.  No longer do you need to wait in lines for someone to help you.  You walk in, find a spot, put in your credit card do your business and walk out.  Easy, breezy, office spot
4	Because of my job I am mailing packages/letters daily from either the Post Office or FedEx or both. This location is conveniently located near the 95 freeway on Lake Mead.I sometimes have 1 box and other times I have 15 boxes to drop off and there is always someone behind the counter ready to take them. They are very quick.  I usually have my own tape and bubble wrap in my trunk (hmm sounds devilish) so I am prepared for what boxes I need to get ready to drop off but they do sell all that stuff inside too. If you are a Cox cable customer and need to mail equipment to them this location offers free return shipping on all Cox Equipment. I would say that is a nice bonus.I have used the copy machines plenty of times and they get the job done. They have more then one machine so there isn't usually a wait to use them. They offer color and digital printing. You can print postcards, passports and posters. You can actually upload your documents online and pick them up at FedEx too.You can get online with free AT&T Wi-Fi access.Hours are:Mon-Fri - 7am to 11pmSat-Sun - 9am to 9pm
4	I mail packages all over the U.S. selling items on Amazon and this is my favorite shipping center. The staff is always helpful and answers all my silly shipping questions. Last time I was in the woman helping me even cut down a box to help secure the contents I was shipping. Really nice staff.The only downside to this place is there can be quite a wait at certain times of the day... nothing to be done!
4	Another FedEx that I feel obligated to write a review on due to the fact that I'm here at least once a week.  Tough for me discuss cost of services and supplies here because everything I do here is charged to my FedEx business account. What I can tell you about this FedEx is that they have some of the nicest people working here. Every time I'm here, I'm greeted as soon as I walk in and there's rarely ever a long wait. They are also very efficient. After living here about 3 years, I've learned which FedEx Centers to go to around town.  If in Henderson, it's the one located off Sunset. If in North Las Vegas, it's the one located off Craig and Jones. And if in Summerlin, it's this one that I go to. I have some that avoid like the plague, but there's no sense even mentioning them since I got my Fav 3.  YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (427/500)
1	I have been coming here once a week over the last several months to print out all my supplies for my small business. Unfortunately after today, never again. The employees have always been very helpful when I really needed it. Today I dealt with the manager I believe? Gary is his name? Anyway, VERY rude. I won't go into TOO many details, but he was trying to give me a service I did not need, telling me repeatedly that was what he needed to do. He then proceeded to interrupt me and talk LOUDLY over me. I was literally in shock. I have NEVER had an experience like that anywhere in my life. I'm honestly really confused about it. Why was he trying to charge me for something I didn't need done, saying over and over it was what I needed? He has helped me once before ... for the same exact thing and I was not charged for it then? Still in shock, and bummed because it was such a convenient place to get everything done. I refuse to step foot in there after today, how could someone so discourteous and impolite be in that position? Someone needs to tell him it's not the customers fault he hates his life.
1	UPDATE***** Later that day I went to another FedEx and explained the situation. They told me he was definitely wrong about what he was trying to charge me for. I knew it! Even if I had been in the wrong what kind of manager treats a customer so badly? He could have at least tried to explain it to me.
