4	Petsmart is a chain and most chains carry the same supplies.  This location in no exception.   I gave it one additional start over A-OK because the staff have always been super friendly.  They take a really proactive approach and usually ask if I need anything while I'm browsing.  Included at this location is a grooming salon, a small kitten/cat adoption center, an aquarium section ,dog obedience training and Banfield Animal Hospital.  They also have some pretty cool dog tags you can get engraved.  Parking is always ample since it is in a huge shopping center.  Overall, it fulfills all my pet needs but it doesn't offer anything super special.
5	Place where they have everything you need for your dog. And see dogs flirt is always a kick.
1	I will never take an animal to the grooming section of this petsmart, & possible any petsmart at all, ever again! When I first got my puppy(shih tzu, poodle, yorkie mix) his hair had mattes in it. I tried everything! Shampoo, detangler, special fur products the works to try and get his mattes out. I finally resulted in taking him to get groomed. I chose this Petsmart because I work about 5 minutes away & could easily leave work to pick him up. As soon as I got there I was talked to as if I was incompetent. "You can't give puppies hair cuts" "Do you not brush him?" "His fur is in terrible condition" "What kind of brush do you use, ugh let me show you what kind to get then" it was horrible! Mind you, my pup at this time was 3months+ & I had only had him for about 6-8 weeks! I dropped him of off anyways, even after being told they could not give me a time to come get him. Hours passed as the day went on & I started to get worried. I finally called up there to be told that he has been ready!! For how long they "didn't know". I rushed down to pick him up only to find that he was acting completely different. He's a very happy & hyper dog by nature but after taking him to Petsmart he acted sad, timid, shy & worried. I have taken him to other groomers since & he doesn't react this way there. I will never take him back to this Petsmart groomer because I honestly believe they traumatized him.
4	Our poor cat was sick. We took him to Banfield found out he had tumors on his lungs. Couldn't really tell us much more as far as can he be fixed, or is he to far gone. Spend a fortune of $$$ there, and had to take him to another hospital too spend even more money there also. Needless to say our baby is gone. We still take our animals to banfield, however for what they charge they should have the equipment needed on hand, so we don't have to go to other places and spend even more money.
3	I've been to plenty of PetSmarts in my day...heck, I even worked at one for a bit back in the day! It continues to be my preferred pet supply stop, which is a pain since the closest one is out of the way for us. We happened to be down here in the area while visiting The Last Word and figured it would be convenient to stop here since it was nearby.The first thing I said when I walked in the doors was "ugh, this place smells!" It to be expected that a pet supply store would have a slight odor to it, especially when there are dog classes, cat adoptions and small animals for sale. Yet I have never smelled one so revolting. It was pretty sick. I don't know if it's how it always is or if something had happened recently, but it was pretty nasty and turned me off right from the start.The other  thing about this location was that it was pretty big. What's weird about it is that there is a lot of open, wasted space, which makes the place feel understocked when it's definitely not. Everything that would normally be at a PetSmart was there, but it was just not laid out in an appealing way.By the time we were ready to make our purchases the line for the one cashier was pretty long. The manager was quick to jump in on the next register and got the line out quickly and efficiently. I always like to see a retail manager that jumps in with the troops when things get rough.Despite the odd smell and empty look, it was still a PetSmart. I doubt we'll be back to this one since it's further out there then the others we go to, but I wouldn't be opposed to stopping for a litter run if we were in the area.
3	We tried a new brand of dog food after seeing the commercials and doing some research. Nope, it didn't work out. Doggie didn't like it, we didn't like what it was doing to her and so we stapled up the remains and I brought it back. No problems, no hassle, the cashier just asked if we had given it enough time and had we mixed it in instead of a sudden switch. All of which we did. She asked if I wanted a credit or if I just wanted to go grab a bag of the regular stuff for an exchange. I did the latter and ended up with a penny (an entire penny!) to my credit!Neatly organized, very clean. I really like that we can bring our doggie into the store.
2	Dr. Clinton is great (Banfield Pet Hospital). Caring, nice and very helpful. However, my last trip the front desk did not communicate the proper instructions to her and my cat ended up having 2 teeth pulled without my permission. My $200 teeth cleaning bill turned into a $500+ mess and a very unhappy kitty.
