4	I found a awesome new place to buy fresh Hummus. Due to my wife's heritage she loves hummus, in turn I have to love it too. Which I do! They have a lot of different varieties. Each container was $6, average price from other places I bought locally made Hummus from. We got the Beets Hummus (sorry no love here, but the wife loves it), Garlic Hummus (this was a winner), and Spicy Feta cheese Hummus (my favorite). Pita chips wheat and white are $4 per bag. I wish they would have soft pita bread, afterward we had to go to Whole Foods to buy the bread (reason I didn't put 5 stars, but still respectable and honest). I added their website, they also have a Facebook account as well.Tuesday         Las Vegas Farmers Market Gardens Park         Tuesdays from 4pm - 8pm         10401 Gardens Park Drive         Las Vegas, NV 89135Wednesday        Las Vegas Farmers Market Bruce Trent Park        Wednesdays from 4pm - 8pm        1600 N. Rampart Blvd.        Bruce Trent Park        Las Vegas, NV 89102 Thursday        9am - 4pm        240 Water St. Downtown Henderson,                The Events Plaza        5:00 pm to 8:00 pm        Tivoli Taste & Toast @ Tivoli Village        302 S. Rampart        Las Vegas, NV 89145  Friday        9am-2pm                   Downtown 3rd         3rd St. between Stewart and Ogden          10am - 4pm        200 S. Green Valley Pkwy Henderson, NV             The PavillionSaturday        8:00 am to 1:00 pm        Fresh52 @ Tivoli Village        302 S. Rampart        Las Vegas, NV 89145         10 a.m.- 2p.m.                                                          First & Third Saturday                                               9100 Tule Spring Rd.        Las Vegas NV 89131  Sunday        8:30 am to 1:00 pm        Fresh52 @ Sansone Park Place        9480 S. Eastern          Las Vegas, NV 89123All in all, we plan to keep track and once the current containers are empty; plan our next visit. I have one question: How often it is made?
5	This Hummus is Amazing!! Every friend of mind that try's it absolutely loves it too. It's hard to even pick a favorite because they all taste so good. If I had to choose one it would be the Spicy Feta, mmmm. Another plus is most are Vegan friendly!! Oh and the Whole Wheat Pita chips he makes are phenomenal. You can find this "Hummus King"  at the Farmers Market Downtown on Fridays from 9am-2pm Casino Center & Stewart. You have to try this Hummus and you'll never buy it anywhere else.
5	I tried 86'd eats hummus a few weekends ago at the Fresh 52 market at Tivoli and am hooked on the Spicy Feta Hummus! The consistency and flavors are awesome. When my husband returned from overseas I made sure to have a fresh tub for him waiting in the fridge...he LOVED it and it was gone the first day! This past weekend we splurged a bit a got 4 tubs- Spicy Feta, Sundried Tomato, Guacamole and Taziki (along with some Pita). I'm sad to report that it's only Tuesday and we only have 1 tub left...Do NOT pass up these guys up at the next farmer's market!!!
5	Holy craaaaap. If you like your hummus to have flavor, you gotta try this sh*t. Discovered these folks at the fresh52 farmers market. I sampled every hummus they had, and my favorites ended up being basil & spinach (super basily), the garlic & herb (super garlicky), the spicy feta (awesomely cheesy and spicy), and the sundried tomato & cracked black pepper. I ended up buying the first three at $6 a pop. They had a deal where if you buy three things (hummuses or other dips/salsas) you get a free salsa. I enjoyed their pico so I picked that up. If you love hummus, you should definitely seek these guys out.
5	HOLY Moly!!! WOW, this dude knows his stuff!! Every single one of the dips we tried we fell in love with.  And everything but one was Gluten-Free!!!  The Tzatziki was my fav & he makes GF chips :)
5	Seriously, ridiculously, fantastically delicious. I have had tons of hummus, but nothing beats his! It is crazy addictive and the price is pretty reasonable. I love the whole wheat pita chips and always pick up a bag of those too. My favorite is the basic garlic one (although it does a number on your breath, lol) with pita chips, but the super spicy one is great on wraps and he also has a feta dip that is great to use as a base for a pizza or in pasta. He is definitely a hummus master :-)
5	I tried all of their hummuses at the Downtown3rd Farmer's Market and left with the Chipotle Cilantro, had to choose one. I ate almost half on the drive home. Seriously, how much crack do you put in this hummus because I am already planning on going back next week for another tub.
5	I first discovered 86d Eats at the fresh52 farmer's market outside of Whole Foods. I love hummus so I sampled some of their pesto hummus and was immediately delighted.The tzatziki and salsa are also delightful, and they have a deal where if you buy three dips you get a bag of pita for free. I've since seen them at the Spring's Preserve farmer's market, and their dips are as delicious as ever.
5	This is the best hummus in town! I have sampled many flavors and they are all delicious. I particularly enjoy the roasted red pepper, roasted garlic, and chipotle cilantro! A quality product made by good people; a rare find here in Vegas.
5	Best hummus I've ever had. I use it in everything. So many different flavors to choose from! My favourite combo is the garlic hummus with the beet hummus! And I add the others to dishes as a flavor booster! Delicious!
