3	Don't fret my friends, I did not purchase anything here, just went in to see what it was like.  Why would I purchase anything with Petagogy across the way.I'm a bit amazed by how much of a full store they crammed into to such a small space.  Everything you would expect to find in a regular sized store is in there.  Adoptions, live fish, the vet, and all the animal supplies you can think of.I will say the staff were polite, even though I didn't purchase a single thing.
4	Brand new store in a much smaller square footage than your average PetSmart.  Since everything is new and shiny, products and services seem to be in place, in good condition, and just as well-priced as one would expect.  Some of the cashiers do kind of like miserable, however, in general the staff seems super friendly.  Kudos to their cat adoption section helping all those cute kitties find better forever homes!
4	I try to go "independent" with many things; I try avoid chains restaurants and stores as much as possible, but PetSmart's grooming services at this location were one of the best in Pittsburgh. The staff was amazing with my dog who can get a bit nervous when people touch his feet. They were calm, understanding, and made sure my dog was comfortable. Unlike other local locations, they had no problem with him and did not use a muzzle. I did not purchase anything from the store itself, but I will continue to use their grooming services.
5	This review is for the grooming service:I brought my Pem. Welsh Corgi in for grooming, and it was the best grooming service he's received (out of probably 10 so far since I got him as a puppy, he's only 1.5 years old right now). The ladies in the grooming salon were so sweet to him, and they did the furminator shampoo/conditioner everything treatment on him and it was only 2 dollars more. Amazing! I had the furmination treatment done at an actual grooming salon once and my corgi came home shedding like no other. I think they treated him, but never combed out the fur. But here, they did the full service, and he didn't shed for at least a week, which is amazing for a corgi (ie shedding machine). They also trimmed him up perfectly (the corgi bunny but must be trimmed with care!) and he looks great!I'll definitely be taking him back to this store for regular grooming.
5	I bring all 3 of my dogs here for grooming.  I have 2 who are 80 lbs each which makes it impossible for me groom. The techs in the grooming salon are professional and sweet. They are experienced at handling all types of dogs and do a wonderful job. My other dog is a cairn terrier coming in at 15 lbs. She needs to be trimmed regularly and these ladies are experts. They do a wonderful job. I could not be happier. Having this store in the city is great. I don't shop in the 'burbs so being able to go down the street like the rest of the world is a relief. They have everything! I even use their vet services. The staff is very helpful and courteous. They will even offer to help take things out to your car! All in all a super experience.
