4	I never thought to go in here because of the Ross in the same shopping center, but I decided to yesterday for the heck of it and it was totally worth it.It has always seemed to me that the items at Marshalls were pricier than Ross and they are, but for good reason. The store has a better selection of clothing and all the racks were so packed. Their "clearance" section didn't seem like clearance at all (due to the price), but nice clothing nonetheless. The "CUBE" section is the juniors clothing.The dressing rooms are sooo nice, much like one that you would find in a nice boutique. There were two hanging hooks in there, one marked "definitely" and the other "tomorrow". Cute, right?I'm coming back!
4	This is a nice Marshall's (very clean, organized) with a very big shoe department in front. It's rare to see a Ross and a Marshall's in the same shopping center (there's another one that I know of on 215 and Rainbow). I stopped here a few times when I used to work in the area. It seemed to have a steady amount of customers. A reliable source for off-price past-season name brand fashions that's easy on your wallet. The shopping center also has a Wal-Mart, Goodwill, Marie Callenders, an auto parts store, besides Ross, just to name a few stores.
4	I wouldn't expect this to be the neatest Marshalls in town, but it was organized and easy to navigate. I kept finding things that are worthy of trying on here whereas I can go through racks and racks of clothing in other Marshalls and maybe find one thing I even want to try on (happy me, unhappy wallet). In some locations the  beauty products,especially boxed sets, get all sorts of janky, but there was very few broken items here. I would drive to this one over the Charleston and the Decatur locations for the less haphazard shopping experience and much better stock.
4	It's been a while since I was in this store, so I was surprised to find it much nicer than I remembered.  They've really spiffed up the store, and have vastly increased the electronics selection.We came in here to buy a cheap HDMI cable, because a friend told us they had 'em.  We didn't want to have to shell out $35 bucks at Radio Shack or wait for online delivery.  Well, they had all that and a lot more.  Our $7 HDMI cable set us back $89!I'll be more likely to return to this store, rather than driving further to get to those that have seemed better, until no.
5	Stopped by here yesterday on a girls day out with my Sister. Store was very clean, Employees were very helpful and the bathroom was very clean. 5 starz all the way baby!
3	This store was pretty clean and had some pretty good deals, especially with several racks of red tag clearance items this past weekend. I had an issue with the checkout process, however, which is why I can't give them 4 stars. For buying only 2 items we were at the registers for what felt like 15 min because the associate couldn't figure out how to scan my items. I guess one of the stickers was messed up and wouldn't scan correctly....but rather than go and grab another one that had a good tag or manually key in the sku or numbers on the tag, she spent 5 min trying to peel the sticker and then stepped away without any explanation for 5-10 min and then came back with a new tag she had made for it. Hopefully she was just a new employee and next time this won't happen
4	Nice, clean, very friendly staff help me find the perfect coffee travel mug for my husband and gave me tips on some other stuff I got Nice brands love the retail price Im usually a Ross shopper but Marshall as for now had Better prices on brand names items definitely wil go back !!!
