5	very clean facility
5	Love anytime fitness! I go to the one on Rainbow. Have a great personal trainer named Nate if anyone is looking for one. There is never a lot of people here so there's always machines available to use. There's tanning for $20 a month if you want to use that. Only downside of this location is no showers.
5	This branch is pretty chill.  Very useful on back and tricep days because they have an old school dip belt.I also go here for the leg press.  Everything else is complete especially for legs.  There's also tanning and I believe they sell ON supplements.There's a pretty jacked trainer walking around, so you know he knows what he's doing.  I hate to see skinny trainers telling me what to do.Be prepared by a wave of kindness and chillness though, there's a lot of Hawaiians living near this area haha.
1	Why have a phone if you NEVER answer.. very annoying!!!
5	I have been going to this gym for over three years now, lost 95 pounds, and have nothing but good things to say about it. First off, the management and trainers are extremely friendly and helpful - anytime you have quick questions about diet or exercise they are more then willing to give you their advise. Next, the people that go to this gym are extremely friendly and helpful. You can pretty much ask questions to anyone about what their routine and diet are and they will always give you their insight. Also - a major plus, there is an overall fit to average group of people here. There are no crazy juiced up guys and I have never seen a fight or any confrontation happen. This gym is definitely not a place where guys just go hang out to pick up girls, there is a mutual understanding through all the gym goers that we are there to accomplish goals. As for equipment, there is more then enough machines, weights and cardio to move through for a huge variety of routines. Even during the busy times (about 5-7pm on the weekdays) there is still enough equipment that you can get what you need with minimal or no wait time. Overall this gym has an extremely friendly vibe to it - if you have a day where your fully focused, no ones going to bother you, but if you have a day where you want to learn some new things, everyone's down to help you out.
5	This gym offers everything you need and then some, no matter what your goals are.  It offers a great variety of weight training machines and cardio machines.  The great location and 24 hour access can't be beat.  The management and staff are very friendly and knowledgeable and the membership is very reasonable.  Also has a tanning bed.  I recommend this gym to all my friends and none have complained thus far.  Check it out for yourselves, you will not be disappointed.
5	I've been going to this Anytime Fitness for a couple years now. The gym has everything that you need to get a complete workout. In addition, it had a great staff and a community type atmosphere that other gyms do not have. The people that work and workout at this location are friendly and extremely helpful to all members and non members. I highly recommend this gym to first time gym goers or the seasoned "regulars."
5	Every time I've been here someones cleaning and keeping up on the equipment compared to most gyms. It also brings in a different crowd of gym rats.
5	Great gym, clean, neat and orderly. The staff is always ready to lend you a hand. I hate working out but Anytime fitness makes it easy for you to do your thing and get out.
5	Great gym, clean, relaxing environment. I built a lot of muscle at this gym. Definitely a muscle factory 24 hours.
4	Good, clean and less hactic location. The equipment is bit old but most of it works perfectly. Bathrooms are clean, but there aren't any showers.
5	Clean, well equipped gym, friendly staff. It isn't a huge gym but It isn't as crowded as other gyms.
