4	I'm a little embarassed to admit that I've only been to The Well at about 9am on a Tuesday.  But I guess thats what some people do, especially this clientele.  The Well opens at 6am and doesnt close until 2am every day but Sunday (when hours are 10am to 2am) and there are people in there every minute in between.  Pool, darts, and cheap drinks make this place a south Scottsdale bar worth checking out any time of the day.  Everyone is SUPER chill here, and while food isnt served, the crowd I was with actually ordered pizza in.  This isnt normal, but this isnt your normal Scottsdale bar.  Its a little tricky to locate, so mapquest before you go, or if you remember the old M3 bar, its in that very same spot.
4	A friend of mine and I were searching for a new neighborhood bar, so we checked out this place. It was a cozy little spot that was buzzing with a small local crowd. It was excellent people-watching and we felt pretty comfortable there. It just barely earns a 4 for lack of a 3.5 to score it, but it's definitely worth checking out. Easy-going atmosphere and not terribly noisy or crowded.
3	My boyfriend and I were searching for a dive near our house in Old Town for when we just aren't feeling the typical Scottsdale vibe.  I gotta tell you, I think we found it.  We walked in around 7 on a Thursday night, just looking to have a few drinks and some time to talk.  I immediately realized this was not an Old Town bar.  I think I might have been the youngest person there and no one was pretentious at all.  They have a dart board and pool table, and seating with walled mirrors all around.  The patio was extremely well-misted, which was great since it was the day before 4th of July and everyone was pretty much sweltering.  Drinks were stiff and not too expensive and the crowd grew younger as the night went on.  I didn't meet tons of people, but the ones iI did either seemed drunk, super nice or both - not a bad combination.  I would go back again, just not every night (what do you think I am, an alcoholic?)Also - for those of you with bladders of steel and small wallets, I saw a sign that says they do bladder buster deals on Tuesday night.  Small cover and incredibly cheap drinks until someone "breaks the seal".  I would suck at this, but I'm sure many a person has taken advantage of this interesting drink special.
4	The Well opens at 6am, earning a visit and review for my Early Bird Watering Holes list.Pulled into the parking lot around 6:30am on my way home from work. Stepped inside the door to find that the bar is *immediately* to your left.  6 ft and I'm on a bar stool.  So far so good.Ordered the usual gin and grapefruit tall, for $4.50.  The place was empty save for myself and another guy at the bar.   The bartender that day was Geno, she informed me that the owner of The Well used to be a bartender at the Coach House, just down the road.  I asked about breakfast options and Geno recommended a coffee shop a few doors down that was supposed to have excellent take out.  I decided to take a pass on that and ordered a breakfast beer instead.  I ended up having a real nice time at this place, just the three of us chatting and hanging out, enjoying the mellow morning.   Geno is a local treasure, btw. I was treated to the (by now) standard assortment of wild stories that have become a standard feature of my bar exploration adventures.   The highlight of this particular morning was the one about the male transvestite school bus driver that caused a ruckus by using the ladies room in some bar.  This eventually led to that bar owner changing the entire place into a tranny bar, in order to avoid business destroying lawsuits from powerful mysterious "backers" of the tranny school bus driver.    The Well has darts, pool, etc as others mentioned.  They have a patio out front which is nice when the traffic on Scottsdale Road is not too heavy.  There is free wireless internet available via the ecast Internet jukebox.  You do have to create a free account first by furnishing an email address and a password, which is a minor inconvenience.
5	Love going here !!! If you live in Scottsdale and want to get out of the lame, douche' places like American Junkie ??? Well Bar is AWESOME !! wonderful bartenders ... chep drinks .. and best of all ,, NO hats and Tats douce bags !!!
3	I loved the $1 beers when I went there to watch the suns game.  Good times and cheap beer, gotta love it.
2	The well... um, don't know how to describe this place, besides maybe hole in the wall.   It was pretty grimy and totally not my style, but in the Well's defense, there seemed to be a lot of regulars there and they were having a ball.  It was a Friday night and one of my friends wanted to grab a drink, so we headed in out in lemme say casual gear... and we fit right in.  There was no bouncer, no one cocktailing tables, just a bartender.  It took us a few minutes to figure out we weren't getting service so we went to the bar to grab a beer, I asked the bartender what was on tap and he didn't really want to deal with me, I don't know I guess he knew we weren't regulars and didn't want to bother?  We sat outside, backs to Scottsdale road, but managed to stay pretty quiet.  I really have nothing bad to say, but I probably won't go back.  It if you're looking for a dive bar, the well is the place to go... but you might need to go back a few times to get decent service.
4	Good local place with no snottsdale attitude.  Cheap drinks & a funny crowd.I read the 2 star review below & you have to consider the source- a high heeled pizza eating girl who gets miffed because she has to go to the bar & get her drinks.Go back to Club Douchey, princess.
4	Well bar..So Scottsdale's finest!  Great drink specials, great staff, free food on fridays, and no attitude.  Great spot to watch the game, play games, or just get a drink without "being at the spot to be"
4	This review is for 07/16/2011. After a busy morning driving from Los Angeles at 8pm to arriving to Scottsdale at 3am and business at 6am to 9am. I had to celebrate. This is my second time being in the Scottsdale area. The streets were starting to look familiar, but unfortunately, I don't know the bars and laws. I used my trusty Yelp site to help me find a local dive bar near my hotel called, The Well. Apparently, the Well opens at 6am and closes at 2am. Wow, I don't know what the rules of serving alcohol, but freaking sweet to know I have a certain place to go. I arrived around 10:15am and it was very quiet location. I met some new friends here, but I won't mention their names for security reasons. I was there for a good two hours having a good time chatting with the local Scottsdale residents. I had three Cape Cods, but one of the people I met with paid for another one. So, I had four of them. It was $3 for one Cape Cod. It was a decent mix, but heck, it was worth it. The place was dying quite a bit and even the owner mentioned how slow business was going. The owner even gave himself a vodka drink right after starting his shift. Cool type of owner. However, this location was far from the scenes were the college students usually hang around. That may be hurting business for the owner. I met some new friends in Scottsdale and a lot of the pressure was lifted off of me. Probably because of the drink, but I did have a meaningful two hours. It is a cool place to be. You can hang out in the water mist, in the lounge area with HDTVs or at the bar, but you'll get a lot of friendly people who know each other like they were coworkers. I am surprised no one stays the whole day at their cheap prices.The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
5	Great dive bar with a hometown feel!  It was the first bar we visited while on our vacation in Scotsdale and we couldn't have been happier.  Great bloody mary and they even let us order food from next door to eat inside their place!!  They have great deals most days of the week but we didn't get a chance to come back...wish we did!
4	This bar is a cute little neighborhood bar. Very relaxed atmosphere. I went last night for Tuesday night trivia and it was really fun. I was glad to see it wasn't hosted by Team Trivia (who I do not like at all...) and the questions were good. The trivia master was a nice guy and very gracious to all of the people there. They had ok drink prices, with a 16 oz PBR for 2.50. I would come back here for trivia night again for sure.PS Ace the puppy is adorable!
1	This place is a ABSOLUTELY horrible. I still don't understand why it has so many stars. First of all I would like to preface this with the fact that I love a great dive bar I really do. But what makes a great dive bar? To me this fills none of the voids.Generally when there's no big game going on or busy there is absolutely NO ATMOSPHERE(not even in a divey way). LOL It's dark, the locals there are less than appealing and every TV or entertainment device is old or going out... Maybe this is what some like in a Dive Bar?Here's the worst part to me. I am a DIE HARD OREGON DUCKS FAN. Well this is supposed to be a OREGON DUCKS BAR. It is.... but it's about the most musty, claustrophobic, crowded Ducls bar you been in. Word to the wise on this... Do yourself a favor if you're a DUCK FAN.. Run up the road 5 mins and go to Dos Gringos. It's a open air DUCKS BAR that gives away free Ducks gear and run by the Alumni. Big new tv's inside and out. You won't be disappointed!!But please in all facets do yourself a favor don't be deceived by the high stars and avoid the Well Bar.
5	The most fantastic thing about this quaint nieghborhood bar is they are CONSISTANTLY giving back to the community. They.never fail to give of their time and money when a cause or person is in need! Please.support this wonderful establishment, you will get the best service, drinks and food all the while knowing you are helping a great company's efforts to give back!
2	Lame. Waited with a group of 4 outside at a table for 20 mins. Never got service. We all left.There were only 10 people in the whole restaurant. The servers and bartenders were too busy talking with regulars to help out new customers.
3	Dive bar, divey drunk crowd, even at 5pm on a weekday. The TV situation might make this place better, but there is not enough room to enjoy all the games on a Sunday and there is a pool table right in the middle of the small room. No doubt some drunk middle aged woman (like today) will hit you with her pool stick after tossing it through the air following a poor shot. No TV's outside that you really can see in the daylight, although it is a legendary patio with solid misters. Good $2 beer deals during happy hour, interesting bartender and a rough and tumble crowd make this a take your chance and never know what you will get kind of bar. Would be good to watch a single game like MNF. No Food.
5	Best bar in old town. Great staff and service.  Drinks are cheap lots of t.v.s
4	If you are an Oregon Duck fan this is the place to watch the games. Friendly staff great fans.
4	Great little dive bar, I live in the neighborhood and love the casual laid back atmosphere. Great patio and they have a a great happy hour 2 times a day. A must try if you like local bars.
5	Best dive in south Scottsdale!!! It's the modern day "Cheers"!!!! The prices are great, lots of tv's, awesome patio with plenty of seats, fire-pits, and Jenga, and there's a touch tunes so the music is up to you.
4	Great dive bar. The bar tender was friendly and took great care of us.
4	Great dive sports bar. Went to watch a Ducks game and was not disappointed. Three dollar Oregon beers on game day.  Wide selection of beers on tap. Saw some shots at the table next to us and they were heavy shots. Will be back  in the future.
4	I was not expecting much prior to my visit to the Well Bar. This "Oregon Duck" hang-out doesn't discriminate on Sunday mornings for NFL viewing. There are TV's tuned all around the front of the bar, a nice outside patio, very good prices on beer and cocktails, a terrific happy hour, some games around the bar, plus a pool table, and some truly incredible burgers and hot dogs on Sunday mornings. The guy works for tips, but deserves a hell of a lot more. Just like you cooked it on your own backyard grill, but someone else doing the work. A very fun Sunday morning - oh and you can bring in your own eats if you need to.
5	8 dollar pitchersChess/checkers, Backgammon, scrabble, pool, darts and even the punching bag game.On Sundays they have all the games on and free BBQ burgers/hotdogs. Send them a text when you're first there for a penny drink and on the weekends sometimes they give you 25% off when you ride your bike. This is my favorite place on the outskirts of Old Town, dirt cheap with the friendliest people. I will stay coming back to this place!
