3	This place is adorable! Delicious Thai Food made legit style. Walked in the middle of a work trip and got a delicious meal made to order. Oh yea.
4	We live right by this place and see it all the time! We finally got a chance to go in and it was really nice surprise. The owner Sabi came and took our order and was very pleasant to talk with. The food was made fresh and when they brought out eggrolls instead of the dumplings we had ordered, we told it was no big deal that we would eat the eggrolls. She ended up making us the dumplings and bringing those out for free! The cost was good, considering it's close proximity to the strip. Yay finally a cheap place for lunch!
5	Awesome food, awesome service and LOW PRICES.  So far the best panang curry I have had in Las Vegas. Thai food you would cook for yourself if you were a bomb Thai food chef.  The mint chicken, pad thai, fried rice, chicken satay and garlic chicken were great too. It was nice to be served by the owner who also had a hand in making the food. I was also told that they will be getting a delivery driver next month. IF YOU ARE GOING HERE... the building is on Arville, but the restaurant ENTRANCE IS OFF HACIENDA with its own driveway and parking.
4	Talk about a small place with big thai flavors, this is where you want to be for thai food. The owner, Sabi, is very nice and friendly and keeps her kitchen clean. Sabi dishes out some of the best thai food in Las Vegas. Prices are low & very affordable by anyone. Serivce is very good and fast. I am a chicken pad thai fanatic and a pineapple fried rice guy. So, I chose those items to eat. The pineapple fried rice was delicious and seasoned well. Rice was not mushy, had the right amount of curry and all the ingredients mixed well. The chicken pad thai is my favorite thai dish and Sabi sure knows how to cook it right to satisfy my taste buds. Not salty and seansoned to perfection with a little sweetness and the right amount of spicyness. Food tasted great and fresh. Winning!Okay, make sure you don't pass this place up. If you are near Arville and Hacienda or not near, stop by for a legit Thai food experience presented by Sabi.
4	The address says it's on Arville, but the entrance to the restaurant is actually located on Hacienda. Sabi's kitchen is a thai restaurant that has just recently opened that was opened by Sabi and her brothers. They are still fixing the place up , so it's not all fancy - but it doesn't need to be. Walking in, it was very small. Only a couple tables, and a room on the side which looked like it had a couple of couches in it. It was pretty damn good. I had the pad see ewe. It was a little on the sweeter side for me, but I still finished the whole plate. It was well seasoned and the beef wasn't tough. Vegetables were cooked good, the noodles were fantastic. My friend ordered the panang curry, which also did not disappoint. It had a good spice to it, and did not skimp on the chicken. As for the prices, it was very cheap. It was good food for the value. The customer service was also pretty good. Sabi was very friendly, and ensured us that everything she serves there was made in house and also that all their ingredients are fresh. I'm happy that this place is so close to my place. I will for sure be back. They did mention to us that they are having a tasting event soon, and I will probably post it as an event once more details are received.
3	I read the review about this place from fellow Yelper Joel M. and thought I would give this place a try.  We ordered pad Thai ($5.99), Thai fried rice ($5.99) and the red curry chicken ($5.99) to go. The fried rice and the red curry chicken were quite tasty but the pad Thai lacked flavour and it was all clumped together.  Not sure why this was, could it be that there wasn't enough oil in it (I asked for less oil) or was it missing some sort of sauce?  I don't usually order pad Thai so I am not sure what was missing in it.  The lady was nice enough to give us some free spring rolls to go and Thai tea to drink while we were waiting for our orders.  Although the portions were a bit on the small side, nothing really to complain about because their prices are pretty darn cheap.  I think this place probably gets most of their business from its surrounding industrial community during lunch time.  I was told their grand opening is on Oct. 5 and they will be BBQ-ing outside of their restaurant from 6 pm to 10 pm.  You can drop by and sample their food at that time.  Go ahead and check this place out if you are in the neightbourhood.  3.5 stars from me.
5	Great Thai food! hole in the wall style location.  Very friendly staff. Let Sabi make your favorite and you will be impressed.
5	Perhaps the best Thai food i have ever eaten. We found this place on yelp because of the good reviews and we decided to visit. It is certainly a hole in the wall.  We ordered garlic chicken, mint chicken, yellow curry and pad thai. I ordered the garlic chicken extra extra spicy. We were astounded by the flavor. The food was cooked exactly as we asked, and at a great price too! We were so impressed by the food that we ordered an extra two entrees for dessert!We got there in the evening, after the lunch rush. the restaurant was empty.The owner, Sabi, was delightful. Sabi recently opened up the place, and her brother is the cook. She kept us entertained by her stories. The foor arrived promtly and Sabi was always quick to refill our water or rice bowl.This Thai food is better than our current favorite Thai restaurant in San Francisco, which we visit frequently. Definatly worth visiting, and at the price, nothing beats it.
5	Delicious. Super kind owner. Perfect quiet place to have a lunch. One word to describe dining in here: relaxation. Awesome food at very low prices.
1	I'm sorry but this is the worst Thai  food I have eaten in 10 years. Living in Los Angeles, you get a chance to try all sorts of thai food, from the authentic to the 'americanized' versions.Even the review that is posted on the wall in the restaurant says at the bottom "nothing really great". The small portions are a direct relation to the reason the prices are low. It's like ordering kiddie meals.The reason they even get one star is because the owner is very friendly, but she needs to know that her brother cannot cook and he needs to find another gig. I ordered the Penang curry and spring rolls to go. The rice paper of the spring rolls was not closed correctly and it came apart as I was picking it up (see photo). The Penang was tasteless and watery. all the four small bite sized chicken pieces were bland and felt like they were thrown in there at the very end.I cannot fathom how people can give this restaurant anything more than a 1 star. I know the owner is nice, but this is a restaurant, and quality of food is what i'm rating.
5	closed :'(
