3	I find it hard to trust places like Cash Converters. The tacky interior and dodgy looking good just plain put me off.Nonetheless, the staff are cheery enough and are often willing to test the gear out for you. I've spotted the occasional bargain mixing deck and other Hi-Fi related gear. I'm sure most of it's all legitimate but if they only mopped their appearance up I'm convinced it would be a more appealing business.
3	Crystal Meth, crack, alcohol, heroin. What all of these substances have in common is that they're incredibly moreish. Along with burglary and a few optimistic interest-only mortgages taken out around 2003, they're also the main story behind how much of Cash Converter's stock ended up coming through the door.For obvious reasons, when one browses at Cash Converters a tinge of sadness will inevitably accompany any feelings of excitement fostered from the discovery of high-end electronic goods at miniscule prices. These feelings tend to transcend to guilt if you ever glance at the "selling" counter. Not long ago I saw a couple of skagheads leave their dignity at the door as they handed over a 1990s portable TV in exchange for a few quid.They were probably half way through their tenner bag by the time I got home, so everyone's a winner. Sort of.
2	The place is alright, but you really can't trust how good some of the electrical goods are here. Like Gibson, I purchased a TV here as well, a big early 1990s one and that TV didn't work either. We had to get a taxi to our flat from Cash Converters and then had to take another taxi back with it so that we could return it and get our money back. What I would suggest is that if you do get a TV in there, make sure that you see it actually working before you go ahead and buy it!If you are going to come here, the safest bet is the DVDs, games and CDs. I bought a few DVDs here and when I tried to play one of them, it just wasn't working, and after a thorough clean of it, it eventually did play. But it does seem to suggest that the staff here do not check if the items work before they put them on sale.
