5	You gotta feel it, It's electric!I hope you're prepared to boogie woogie for almost an entire year, cause that's about how long you'll be waiting for a chance to slide into your own all electric Tesla. You gotta know it, it's electric. With up to a 300 mile all electric battery range, the Model S (and all Tesla's) are custom built to customer specifications; they begin delivering this years models in fall of 2012, but you've got to already be on the list to get yours. These baby's start at $57,000 (for model S) with a 160 mile range and can sport up to a 300 miles with an upgrade to the batteries ($77,000). You're in luck though, cause right now you can get a sleek $7,500 tax credit from the US Federal Government for buying electric!But you know it's there, plug in everywhere. Model S comes standard with everything needed to plug in to any 240 or 120 volt outlet or public charging station. Charge yourself about 100 miles worth in 3 hours in a standard 110, or 100 miles in 1.5 hours from a 240 volt charging station. If you're worried about un-necessary charging and wasted electricity, the charge shuts off after the battery has reached capacity; I asked the Tesla rep!I've got to move, come let me take you on a party ride. Racing from 0 to 60 in 5.6 seconds with 0 emissions, Al Gore might just throw you a party for helping to save the planet. This beauty is sleekly styled with aerodynamic feel, and toutes a low center of gravity with their innovative floor mounted battery design achieving optimal weight distribution. Be the envy of all your friends (eventually) with a 17'' driver control touch screen, and connect up all your Bluetooth or USB devices.Some say it's mystic, it's electric. Nothing mystic about it, this is American engineering and ingenuity at its finest! Man I wish I had one. Although, I'd have a tough time re-charging without an outlet nearby my parking spot. Maybe I could talk to the neighborhood HOA about that one.Stop in to their storefront located inside Scottsdale Fashion Square on the second floor. Yelpers, it's time you learned the electric slide, but in Tesla style!
5	I love the fact that it doesn't seem weird that there is an auto showroom next to the Sunglass Hut in the Fashion Square Mall and that the car salesmen look more like they belong at the Genius Bar at the Apple Store than in an auto showroom.There is a $122K Model S sitting in the showroom for you to sit in (gorgeous, tons of leg room but limited headroom) but if you want to test drive it you need to get your name on a list. Tesla brings cars in once a quarter for all licensed, interested parties to test drive. The store is entirely green with absolutely no printed materials. The car ordering process itself is all electronic. The product specialist, Braddon Deak, with who we were talking was awesome and had an encyclopedic knowledge of all things Tesla.Even if you can't afford the car, they have tons of Tesla related merch to tide you over until you build the bank account.
4	Over the years, I've been in a lot of sheet metal; Ferrari, Porsche, Bentley, you name it.I've also been fortunate enough to have driven at the Charlotte Motor Speedway when it first reopened in several different cars.  But I have no idea what to say about Tesla, except something humorless about their cars not needing a cigarette lighter.I've seen quite a few around town. And yes, it's a very nice car but... $122K for a Model S? I'll admit there's certainly a je nes se qua to them that attracts folks.  The stock price is another story. Really.  The showroom also seems to do a brisk business in shirts, hats, et cetera.But I hope they survive, live long and prosper.  If only because I don't want to hear about them being an electric deLorean.Enjoy!  If you can.
5	Gorgeous cars, serious engineering goes into those.  Is like buying a car at the apple store.  Staff are pretty knowledgeable.
5	This is a review of Tesla's Scottsdale Service Center.Nicholas, Chris, Tim, Brett and the rest consistently provide the best service experience I've ever had as a car owner. I'm not exaggerating. These guys go above and beyond every time and always give 100%. They address issues they notice that I haven't even mentioned. They give me another Model S as a loaner car, which is incredible and couldn't ask for more.Today I received my car back from service, and again they knocked it out of the park. Owning a Tesla has been one of the best car ownership experiences I've ever had. The service is exceptional and everyone there is on salary. Nobody is commissioned, so there is no incentive to sell you anything that you don't need. What's more, the service centers operate on a "no profit" model, so most everything is done at cost.Thank you Tesla Scottsdale! :)
5	This is as good as it gets. The opportunity to look at a great car and ask questions and then get good, factual answers is a new experience. The traditional "car lot" is full of vultures who don't really know much but are great with the buzz phrases. None of that here. The Tesla store is friendly relaxed and thoroughly professional. They arranged a test drive for me which was also a breath of fresh air. Just the facts and none of the usual pressure. I was so impressed by the car AND the Tesla people that I ordered a car four days after my test drive.
5	The only reason I am tempted to give Tesla less than 5 stars is I have only been there once.  However, I can say I was completely satisfied with my experience there.  The car seems to be absolutely everything they say it will be-I didn't drive it.  I have been in 41 car accidents do I really know what to look at when I look for things to fit as they should will things rattle later, etc.  A car put together beautifully!  The lumbar support I could fall in love with as with the finish of this delightful vehicle.The service is certainly above what you would expect.  I bought a baby outfit for a little one who is on the way.  The individual ringing it up for me noticed the lettering wasn't straight as it should be and got another before I noticed it.  He also took the time to answer any question I might have after I made it clear I wouldn't buy it..In all ways I was offered more than I expected wandering in their store at the mall.  I even think I will go back and test drive a Tesla which they encouraged just as a learning experience knowing I just bought a new car of a different brand.  After the attitude I encountered all the way around their they are getting 5 stars after all.  Why not, they impressed me and I spent 35 years in sales; not an easy thing to do!Besides, I found a baby gift for someone who is always surprised by the fun and interesting gifts I have given her in the past.  Tesla has helped me make sure this baby gift will be nothing less!
