4	The newest location is in the Miracle Mile shops by the Auntie Annies. I tried  a sample of their limited edition flavor- key lime pie. Now, I don't even like key lime pie, but this was good. It wasn't too lime-y and they incorporated a graham cracker crust flavor into it. It was good enough to order it. I just love fruits so I topped it with blackberries, raspberries and kiwis. Short and simple- pretty good and surprised I liked the key lime flavor when I don't even like the real thing.
5	I love Red Mango and it was my favorite yogurt place when I lived in Seattle. I wish there was more than 2 in Vegas. I love Pom with Mochi! Yum
4	I didn't realize there was a location that was somewhat closer to where I live besides from the one on Eastern/Richmar! I do wish the location would have been better placed, just because its typically a hassle to get down to this area of The Strip if you're a local and you don't want to deal with tourists and traffic (the reason why I gave this location a four star out of five was because of location from a *local* perspective!)However, Red Mango's yogurts are definitely five stars across the board! I never feel guilty grabbing a parfait here because all of their foods are used without preservatives, and are generally a healthier alternative than most yogurt stops/ice cream shops. This is a perfect stop for tourists during the summer months to grab a cool treat!
1	I'm a huge RED MANGO fan and been to several locations. Their yogurt is the best I've ever had.I got a LIVING SOCIAL deal for Red Mango and it was only good at two mall locations, not my favorite stop. No worries. I got to go to a new location. Seemed like a fine idea.Took my coupon in and ordered a few items from a girl that hardly spoke, and when she did, it wasn't English I understood. No big deal.She let me try the vanilla. It was as good as my standard original, so I ordered a large cup. She filled it with original. No complaint. It's my favorite yogurt.She got the rest of the order done, and then started looking through a printout of 30-40 sheets of LivingSocial buyers. Couldn't find our name. Then we were left standing there for 10 minutes while the yogurt melted as  went for help. She came back, mumbled something about not finding us. I said, "no problem, we'll just go and leave the yogurt" The next mumble seemed to be telling us no, she just had to ring it up.Good, I'm getting my yogurt. Five minutes later, she's still fiddling with the register. Another girl tells us we're rude and the manager comes out to tell us we have to pay.I smiled an walked away.RED MANGO is the best.. but the store a Miracle Mile is a DISASTER
2	never been to red mango even though we have some back home but while i was on vacation here in vegas/stayed @ planet hollywood. i was like sure, why not? i ordered a large original flavor w/ yogurt chips & mochi. the service was probably a downfall for me, the employee  asked what did i want..so i told her..got it real quick, gave her the money..no hello, no thank you..just "next!" wthell, what happened to common courtesy? while it did taste good for a bit, i started getting a mad stomachache :( this wasnt good b/c i was getting ready for the club in an hour and the whole time getting ready it felt horrible. but it did go away when i got to the club :) (sorry just a lil sidetrack story!) i wont try red mango again, ill stick my hometown ones and no dried mouth stomach hurting yogurt ever again!
5	I am completely and utterly in love with Red Mango. It can do no wrong in my eyes and I will go out my way on a weekly basis just to get some. The Strawberry Milk Shake is so tasty. I miss the Mango flavor and can't wait for it to be back in rotation. Id love to go get some now if I wasn't glued to my couch! Delivery would be so delicious!
2	This is the first Red Mango I've ever been to and I wasn't a fan. The yogurt was 54 cents per ounce, but that's expected since the place is on the strip. I got half original and half pomegranate. The yogurt was creamy, but it also came out of the machines in a pretty melted consistency. I was very disappointed with the toppings selection. No gummy worms? No gummy anything!? They even had a sign saying that Fruity Pebbles would go perfectly with the Original flavor, but they didn't have Fruity Pebbles! Every single time I go to a Froyo shop, I either get no toppings at all or just get a few gummy worms/bears and some strawberries. At this location, all I was able to get was a spoonful of strawberries because they didn't have anything else that every other place normally has and the strawberry container was practically empty. I wish I would've sampled the yogurt before filling up a container because I felt like my money was wasted. I really only get frozen yogurt because of my taste for tart flavors, but nothing was tart here at all. Reading other reviews of Red Mango, I guess that's what's expected, so I can't really dock off points for that. However, I was very disappointed with the toppings and consistency of yogurt. The staff weren't very friendly either. We were never greeted nor thanked for our business.
2	Very small selection
1	This place is horrible!!  My second time trying it and I threw my cup away full both times.  The customer service was horrible, the chick didn't even say hello or acknowledge us while ringing us up. So I said, "hello!!" in a chipper happy tone, she barely rolled out a ghetto hello back. Douche! The toppings are old and stale & that sh*t ain't cheap yo!!!Yuck!! Don't go there, even if you're desperate. :/
2	The service does not exist here.  The worker is just laughing and hanging out with a friend while you self-serve and have to interrupt their conversation to pay.  The worker was chatting with her friend even while I'm paying.That said, their yogurt is one of my favorites :)  Try their greek yogurt.  Everything else is icy and not my taste.
4	Had couple of juices Sweet green zing and citrus beets Also ordered tropical mango smoothie Everything was fresh and flavorfulThe server was prompt and quick Good place to stop before catching the flight
