5	Dr. Lyon is amazing. I have been coming here for over 3 years whenever I have a problem (ex-dancer.. I have lots of problems!). He's always patient, has a wonderful massage staff that know their stuff, and I walk out sore, but better. Also, his little box of starburst at the front desk is just delightful. You have to enjoy the small things, right?
5	I really like the combination of massage and adjustment that Dr. Lyon suggests for me. I am an engineer and bothered by my neck and shoulder pain due to long hours of sitting before computers. After 3-4 visits, the pain factor reduced to ~30% vs. what it was before.  And after more than 10 visits, I feel very little pain now. The-massage-then-adjustment approach really works for me.
5	Amazing, knowledgeable, and personable. They took me in on short notice and answered all of my questions regarding health and how to move forward with my wellness plan. Highly recommend for anyone who wants to get a wellness check-in and a great experience! Plus, the massage is wonderful. :-)
5	On Thursday I went to the ER because I had high fevers and a non-stop headache for 5 days. They did a couple tests to make sure I didn't have something serious, diagnosed me with an Acute Upper Respiratory Infection, and said my headaches were from the acetaminophen I was taking. Offered me Vicodin for my body pain and said not to take any OTC pain relievers. So, there I am with a high fever, headache and pain and nothing to do about it, because I refused the Vicodin.Friday I called Dr. Lyons office they were booked, but he had a cancel he called me and said they had an opening. My massage therapist was amazing, she tailored it for healing and gave me holistic tips to lower my fever an ease pain even gave me some oil I could use to open up my chest.Dr. Lyon gave me an adjustment, he was gentile, friendly and knowledgeable.All I can say is I should have gone to Dr. Lyon instead of the ER. I experienced immediate relief. I walked into his office with a 103 fever, and searing headache, when I got home it was down to 100.1 and headache free!  My fever has stayed down, and my headache is gone.Dr. Lyon's adjustments are so reasonably priced that not having insurance doesn't propose a problem!
5	I have been coming here for about 4 years. On day 1 he used an x-ray machine and showed me where the misalignment in my back was. Over time my back got better and the next few x-ray checks showed that the natural curvature in my back was returning and hips were level again. The aching pain has gone away, the sharp pains during certain movements has gone away, I have increased movement and flexibility overall. I have the package deal that includes a 1 hour massage before back/hip adjustment. Their hours fit perfectly for my schedule, the people are nice, insurance and pay plans are nice, and the chiropractic methods work.
1	Called to confirm my appointment an hour before it began.  "Ya we will be here." Showed up 20 min before, stayed til 15 min after.  Did 2 laps around building, and never got acknowledged once. I mean, gorgeous establishment, absolutely stunning exterior and interior, great soothing music, but where are the employees?Wow.   #Fail
5	Dr. Lyon is a caring and professional who treats you like a person, not a patient. He has performed several adjustments on me and always listens to my concerns. He takes great care in ensuring that I am comfortable and eases any anxiety that I have before adjusting me.I have worked with other doctors who have performed adjustments but have not taken the time or had the patience to make me feel like they care about me. Their techniques were a bit aggressive and I was more anxious in their offices. Dr. Lyon has always worked with my schedule and is very accommodating. I have recommended friends and family to see him and he has worked wonders with their conditions. I would happily recommend him and will continue to visit his office for my needs.
5	I've been getting great care from Dr. Lyon for a few months now. I had never been to a chiropractor before, so when I originally called his office and asked 87 questions, he was very patient and gave me lots of good information.  When I arrived at the office, Dr Lyon greeted me immediately and took me back for X-rays. He showed me the vertebrae that was out, explained how it was causing my neck pain, and we made a plan for adjustments. He also gave me some suggestions to change habits at home to help my neck stay healthy.  After the first adjustment, my neck felt infinitely better. I actually hadn't realized now much pain it had been causing. I'm now just getting weekly adjustments to maintain, but when I've had a headache or problem, Dr Lyon has been able to get me in the same day for immediate relief. Dr Lyon is professional, knowledgable, and caring. I highly recommend you visit his clinic in south Tempe!
5	Dr.Lyon and his staff are fantastic ! April is a gem with the hands of an angel . I thoroughly enjoyed the 60 minutes today .
5	I woke up one morning and was hunched over and in severe pain for some unknown reason.  I got Dr. Lyons number from a friend and he got me in right away. He was friendly, knowledgeable, and funny. I had never been to a Chiropactor because I was terrified of being paralyzed but he answered all my questions and now I'm standing upright with the rest of the world. I'm happy with the services I've received and I will buy another package and continue to visit him regularly. Great guy!!! My body is very thankful.
5	Absolutely a great experience!!!Dr. Lyon  is an excellent Chiropractor! He takes time to listen to his patients. He will answer your questions and will explain things well. He is tenacious in finding out what the issue of a person is and how to resolve it. He is very knowledgeable of the anatomy of the body. His work not only helps resolve issues but can help improve what you are trying to accomplish. Being a person who sits for more than 8 hours a day at a desk, he has helped me with my back pain. I certainly appreciate the work he does for husband and I. He is a real blessing and an all around great guy. I highly recommend Dr. Lyon and will refer him to my family and co-workers.
4	I bought a livingsocial for an hour massage and adjustment... I was very happy I did. I messed up my neck somehow and had been in a lot of discomfort for a couple days. They got me in right away. (Same morning that I called) Sabrina did an AMAZING job with the massage. I had already felt better once we were done.  Then I saw Dr Lyon for the adjustment...he made me feel extremely comfortable as the neck adjustments always freak me out. I didn't think I'd be able to do it, but he made it so fast and so easy. Today (the very next day) my pain and discomfort have gone down about 95%. Sweet relief. If I ever have any issues again..I know I'll return here to get taken care of.
