4	The wife and I have been debating whether or not to change cell carriers. Today, we finally went through with the decision. The organization my wife works for has a pretty sweet discount with Sprint, so that was one of the reasons we choose to move to Sprint (from AT&T). This review is only for our interactions at the store, not the overall service of Sprint as we have had our phones and coverage for approximately 3 hours. When we arrived at the store, we were greeted by two employees right away. The greeting was very genuine and not forced. Fortunately, the store was not packed, so we were helped right away. The woman who assisted us, Molly, was incredibly helpful. She was knowledgeable, patient, not pushy and had a little bit of sass. We had an idea of what we wanted when we went in, but Molly provided us with some great tips on our new phones, which we wouldn't have known about otherwise. I find company cell stores to have very pushy employees, we did not find this the case at all. All customers who came in during our time in the store were assisted with great respect and concern. We have been longtime customers of AT&T and have never been treated as respectfully as we were today at Sprint. Now, I can only hope their cell service is as good as the customer service we  received today.
5	They always have amazing customer service, when I am there.
1	I walk in after being sent to this store as its a corporate store.  The sales person, a short-haired woman, greets me without looking up from her own phone.  Mind you, 3 service agents and 1 customer.  When I told her I was sent by Sprint, she stated that wax "absolutely not" their policy.  She did this without putting her phone down.  She was playing a game on her phone.  I said that I would call again to confirm and she said "call all you want."  That was the straw that broke the camels back.  I called Sprint.  They took care of my situation immediately and the telephone manager reported the store.  AVOID THE WOMAN WITH THE SHORT HAIR AND PIERCINGS AT ALL COSTS!
1	My experience with sprint has lead to this!!!Where should I start, with the fact that 3 out of the last phone calls that I made to your customer service ended in a call failure and no resolve or call back from the supervisors I was speaking to, the fact that I have been calling and begging for either better service or to be out of my contract for months now, or the fact that I was just HUNG UP ON BY ONE OF YOUR SUPERVISORS!!!!!!!!!!   Lets start this story with the fact that I live and work in the Silicon Valley(try being in front of Facebook HQ and not being able to log on Facebook!!) and can't complete a phone call. I used to use my phone for work and personal calls but it has been a text only machine for nearly the past year!! I have done all of the trouble shooting offered to me and still nothing, have called many times to see what else can be done and have been told that either there are 15 trouble tickets in my area (around my home in Union City and my work at Stanford University) or that there is nothing wrong with my service and must be my phone! To cut past all the other drama I went through, today I called 3 times (because my call was dropped once and I was left on hold another time) I was told that 1. I cant be let out of my contract, which ends in October without paying a $100 ETF, 2. If I am let out of my contract early I need to give you back my phone that I paid $200 for, and have been paying nearly $100 a month for almost 2 years (about $2,000 in total)  and 3. That because I wanted a discount on the services that I can not use that I'm trying to work the system!!!! Um excuse me for not wanting to pay $90 a month for a phone that I can't talk on!!!!! and lets not forget that the same supervisor refused to give me her name and hung up on me (I checked, not a dropped call).  You guys are not offering me a service I can use, forcing me to pay for it, and have horrible customer service. I do recall your big marketing scheme where Dan Hesse was promising better service and fewer dropped calls, and this is not what I am getting! Instead I'm getting dropped call, zero call backs, lied to, and hung up on!!! I am hoping that someone from this company see this and fixes the issues going on within your company. I am in shock and total disbelief that a company work millions feels just fine with taking my money that I work very hard for and has the nerve to be rude to me!!!!!! Please Dan Hesse, if you stand by any of the words you said in your commercials fix this!!!!
5	Came here to get some information on my account. Flash G. Helped me out initially and after some investigation found out some unwanted changes were made to my plan, at another location. To make a long story short, while I am working with Sprint HQ to fix the catastrophe created from another location, The folks here not only spent a great deal of time helping me figure it out, but gave me some  very helpful suggestions to assist in the fixing process, while I wait on Sprint to respond. They did a lot to help me resolve this, and it is appreciated. I want to also note, other locations either left me on hold for over 10 min, or just didn't answer the phone at all. Called over 3 locations, and was left hanging. Here, hey took care of me right away on two separate occasions.
1	Normally when I deal with Sprint they are pleasant and so helpful although every time you speak to a representative information changes. Same thing this morning, spoke to a supervisor on the phone for two hours getting our two family plans merged and when we came into the store that wasn't the case, they never updated our information in the system. The extremely rude rep at this store spoke way too loudly about our personal information to a crowded store and had a terrible attitude. I've never been more disrespected in my life and then she had the audacity to tell me I can go to tmobile! What? So I'm not valued as a customer who has been here for three years? I'm so disappointed. I didn't get the woman's name but she was Asian and seemed to in some sort of leadership position. They she proceeded to speak negatively about my family to other employees like we couldn't hear her. Thank God I am out of contract. I left there immediately and signed up with T-mobile! Thanks for the suggestion you lost me as a customer forever!!
1	I have came here several time and ive come to the conclusion that the manager sucks! I think her names Abigail or Agnus or something. 1st time- she tried to charge me a restocking fee when even on the sprint website it says as long as the box is unopened and inactivated no restocking fee will be applied. the after going back and forth she tried to make it seem like she was doing me a favor.. umm its not a favor when its the company policy lady.2nd time- I had to go back because of something that got messed up the first time.. she referred me to the 800 number when in fact the 800 number said I had to go to the store that messed up because they dont have access to installment biling info. Again, she didnt know anything but promised to figure it out all call me asap... never got a call.. 3rd time- went back to get the issue resolved and she had no clue and was like oh let me see if I can call someone ill call you whether we can fix it or not... Ive called 2x and still waiting on that call...
1	I reserved a phone and requested a new line on Sprint's website. We made an appointment and received a confirmation number via email. I chose this location because it's an official company store and not too far from home. The store was very busy with a few waiting chairs. It's a relatively small store and there's minimal space to wander. An associate writes your name down on an unofficial piece of paper or post-it (no sign-in sheet) and let's you know that someone will be right with you. I arrived a few minutes before our appointment at noon and I informed the associate of that. I wasn't very confident with their ability to assist me on time because of the queue and the lack of staff, but fortunately for everyone, they were prompt and began assisting me exactly at 12pm.What followed was a very frustrating hour. Yes, it took ONE HOUR to pick up a phone, pay for it, add it to an existing plan, and port the phone number. The associate didn't know what she was doing and was so crass about it.1. The associate couldn't distinguish the type of order I made online (online order vs. store reservation). I didn't choose, so obviously, I didn't know there were two different types. She also insisted that I was "supposed to" pay for the phone online, but I explained to her that it didn't give me an option to pay (apparently, store reservations don't require payment prior to pick-up, but she didn't know this either). I provided the information she requested (order number) and it wasn't until the manager came to assist that we were able to move along. 2. Both of them were unfamiliar with Google Voice or the ability to port phone numbers to and from the service. But why admit you don't know about it? The associate insisted that we could not port the number from Google Voice even though I told her we had ported the number to them from another major carrier. Nope, she said we couldn't. So, I googled it and of course, found instructions on how to port your number back to a major carrier. Also, the instructions didn't state that a PIN was necessary, but she, again, insisted that we couldn't carry on. She finally entered in the account number and - guess what - a PIN was not needed.3. The associate attempted to activate the phone, but there were complications. We didn't know what was going on because she didn't communicate with us. We just stood there in front of the counter as she carried our phone into the backroom and when she waited in line at the self-service kiosk to assist another customer. Once we found out that the activation wasn't working, I asked her if we could take the phone with us and do the activation at home. "Well, you can, but if it doesn't work, you need to call customer service." Okay, thanks for wasting our time and not giving us that option earlier. We left with the phone, the customer service number, and her business card (yeah, not using that). By the way, we ended up having to contact customer service anyway! It couldn't be completed through the new phone. Hilarious. Also, I'm fairly certain Sprint's customer service is located outside the U.S. because that was the first time in my life that I could not understand a single word the representative was saying. Excruciating!4. All of the store's associates were continually interrupting our transaction with items that could easily be solved with organization. They couldn't remember who they signed in or what they looked like, no one kept track of who was helped and who was still waiting. I know all of this because the manager was talking to the associates, including the one helping me, directly in front of us. Why do managers insist on making snide comments or reprimanding their team in front of customers?? It's not only embarrassing for the associate, creating a negative work environment, but for everyone involved. It's a terrible way to lead and one of my biggest pet peeves! Do not air your business in front of customers.This wasn't even all of it. There was more, but I'll stop. The store associate didn't apologize at all during the entire interaction (the manager apologized once for the system taking a long time processing). It was absolutely one of the worst customer service experiences I've had. The only positive part of our time here was my appointment being kept and even that seemed like a coincidence. Oh, the manager was nice to us too. Moral of this story: Buy your phone on the website and have it delivered to your house. Do not go to the store and do not call customer service unless absolutely necessary.
5	I have a great experience here at Sprint. I came in with a lot of questions and I left with all of the answers I needed. There was only one staff member working when I went in, so I had to wait about 10 minutes. This location is busy so you may need to wait to see a rep. I have been a Sprint customer for many years. The prices at Sprint are the lowest per month out of all the major carriers and the service quality works great in Vegas.
1	I went into this store to upgrade my phone. I had received a letter from the president of sprint that said that I was eligible for an upgrade for $300. I confirmed this over the phone with sprint directly as well as in person at this store. I went home to backup my photos before changing devices. When I came back, the girl that was supposed to be helping me was so rude. She said that this would be impossible and that in order to get any help or information, I would have to call customer service myself from my phone. While on hold with customer service for 35 minutes, she proceeded to scold other customers. Several men who had been waiting were also told just to call customer service themselves while she played with her phone. They walked out. I should have too.
