5	During December I had a slow leak in my guest bathroom toilet that I ignored until my water bill came and I was shocked it had increased by 20 bucks over the prior month.  I took action and had Scottsdale Plumbing come to assess the situation.  To rebuild my old toilet would cost about as much as a new one so I opted for a new "convenient" height toilet plus get a low flow rebate.  Since I needed to have one replaced I thought I might as well replace the other toilet at the same time. So far, so good but both bathrooms had yucky shag carpet that Mike T, Erik T and Holly T all knew about from their visits.  As the plot thickens "Ed" the plumber has a brother who does tile. I had Michael come to assess the flooring and decided to have both carpets replaced with tile.  The next step was to look for tile at Home Depot which was relatively easy and more or less painless.  With tile in hand the carpet was removed and low and behold there was yucky linoleum under neath.  After removing the linoleum the job went relatively quickly.  Then it dawned on me that the guest tub/shower combination was in need of new faucet  handles and new shutoff washers to prevent the drip, drip, drip after taking a shower.  Of course, if I did one bathroom I might as well do the other bathroom... Right?Well, here is where the complications set in.  Both bathrooms needed new "tub & shower 8" three handle valve bodys"  Did I happen to mention the bathrooms are side by side but with the toilet and shower plumbing at different setbacks to the hallway?  Well, this was a big deal.  In fact almost worth going to Dominos for the BFD pizza..Needless to say yesterday did not go well as more complications set in with wood rot, broken tiles, mis-aligned plumbing but the good news is Ed, Michael and his assistant came thru with flying colors.  I now have a great looking guest bathroom and the master bathroom is on its way to completion.Great Job by Scottsdale Plumbing and adapting to the changing situation.
2	One of Phoenix Yelp's most famous Yelpers has an infamous father known affectionately by her and others as a peddler of bombast. In addition to balderdash, he sells one of a kind parts for a certain variety of entertainment devices. They're one of a kind because the devices are old and you can't get parts anywhere else North of 1969. His garage is probably the only place in the world where you can find some of these parts. He manufactures them himself. So he can charge a bloody fortune for them. Like, a fortune! The markup is in the thousands of percentage. Enter Scottsdale plumbing. My mom had trouble turning down the hot water in her shower and being that I'm so handy, off to work I go... The internal components were completely calcified and 30 years old. Needles to say, Ace Hardware doesn't have one of the necessary large-threaded attachments I need to complete the job. Neither does Lowes, where I was told "Sometimes you just have to call a plumber." I am a plumber, asshole. I rerouted the guest bathroom to two shower heads in the womb, biatch! So I have to go to the famous Scottsdale Plumbing Co. I'm a bit of a femme, so every time I go into a place like this I throw on my Sportiqe apparel so they'll show me some goddamned respect. I would say that this was no different, though, to be fair, I didn't wear my tragically heterosexual deep V so we may never know. But they're definitely gruff, as expected.So they gouge... Oh, sorry, I mean they sell me two parts I need. The part I bought that I couldn't find anywhere else was $70. S E V E N T Y dollars. I have worked at a machine shop. I know this is a $.70 part but because it's unavailable anywhere else, S$E$V$E$N$T$Y dollars. How they sleep at night... Ok so in addition to this part, which I have no choice but to buy, they sell me the other part I need which is available at ACE. SPC charges $57 for this part. I bought it at ACE for about $35. I took it back to SPC and they were cool about the exchange. But damn! So anyway, buy nothing but the very minimum of what you need there. I appreciate that they're there. I just wish they were a little less expensive.
3	We recently had a leak in the water line to our refrigerator, and called Scottsdale Plumbing Company (SPC) to help us, because it was a weekend and an emergency. I'm not sure how their weekend rate compares to other plumber weekend rates, but I thought it was rather high. Nevertheless, the plumber from SPC came within an hour of our call and helped us stop the leak. Rather than fix the water line and rack up the weekend rate hours, though, he suggested he leave the water line as it was (with the leak now stopped), and come back the following week when he would only have to charge their normal weekday rate. I really appreciated that suggestion, because it showed he recognized how high their weekend rate was, and that he wanted to help us save money, while getting the job done.I'll have to check what their regular weekday rate is to see if I'll call them again, but overall, I'm glad SPC was there to help us in a pinch, and glad their plumbers are honest and considerate.
1	I had a plumber from Scottsdale plumbing come out to check some work that another plumber had messed up.  He said that he thought sewage gas was leaking into the home and that we should contact the other plumber to fix it and that when we did he would come back and check the other plumber's work and include that return visit on the same invoice at no additional charge.  He was in the house for a total of five minutes which is why he said he would come back and include the return visit as part of the same invoice.Apparently the company expected to be paid in full before the plumber returned to our home.  And so a representative called me and said that I needed to pay the full invoice before the plumber returned to the home.  I said that I thought it was reasonable that we would pay after the plumber came back and visited the home to complete the work he said he would do.  The representative was very rude and began yelling on the phone and saying that they did not work for free.  She actually said this: "It sounds like you're trying to screw us."  I was meanwhile very calm and was telling her that I had every intention of paying but wanted to pay when the plumber returned to finish the work.  This was of course contingent upon the other company finishing what they had to do.  I wanted to work out a timeline of when this would be reasonable but she told me that the plumber would not come out until we got paid.  I told her that I would not pay until the plumber came out and before I could work out a timeline of when this should happen she hung up on me and said she would send me to collections.To be fair, I was able to call back and set up a payment timeline with another representative from the company who was more reasonable, and the plumber that visited the house was indeed friendly and appeared competent.  But the way that I was spoken to by the first representative left such a sour taste in my mouth that I will never do business with them again.  If those are the types of people they employ, there is something wrong with the business.  If that's as well as they train people that talk on the phone to customers, there is something wrong with the business.I can't believe that a company expects to get paid such large amounts of money for not doing any work at all and then accuses clients of expecting free work when they don't want to pay until a job is completed.I am not a customer who doesn't want to pay.  I have every intention of paying Scottsdale Plumbing company once they complete the work they said they would do.  But I was cut off by this rude representative before I was even given an opportunity to establish what would be a reasonable timeline or deadline for when this plumber would return to our home.  I have never had a company representative hang up on me before.  I thought they were all trained not to do that.  And here this lady was trying to collect money from me, but instead hung up on me.  She kept stressing how they could not afford to do work for free (which I was not asking anyone to do).  I suppose what they can afford to do is to lose customers, which is what will continue to happen if they speak to them the way that I was spoken to.A tip to the company: if you want people to pay you, try being a little nicer when you ask them for money.
5	Scottsdale plumbing rescued us today from a kitchen sink emergency. They were promptly out here and finished the job so quickly. We were so impressed with the professionalism of Brad and the price of the job. We will definitely use them again and highly recommend them! Thank you for the great service!
3	I called to get an estimate done, with no specific time frame in mind...was called back twice and scheduled an appointment for someone to come out to my house...but no one ever showed up.  I did get a call the next morning, asking what time I wanted someone to come over...but I am absolutely certain that you told me you would be there the previous day.  Maybe you were too busy, or maybe something came up...a quick call would have been the courteous thing to do.  Ill find another plumber...
1	Horrible Customer Service.  Overpriced and unprofessional.  I had an issue with the service I received and had to contact the company over 8 times for zero resolution.  Everyone I spoke with "apologized" about the lack of follow up and pointed the finger at someone else.  Company fails to listen to the voice of the customer .  I would avoid at all times, you will be disappointed.
5	Well, my experience was different than anything I read here! In fact, I'm surprised to see any low star reviews at all. I was cutting through drywall when I accidentally nicked a copper water line. Water was spraying everywhere! So I grabbed some duct tape (obviously) and shut the water lines off. I called the first company that pulled up when I googled "emergency plumbing" and within 20 min Isaac was at my house fixing my water line. It took all of 10 min tops for him to fix the leak. I thought the rate was completely fair for emergency services and an hour later I sit here with a bag of popcorn and a movie to decompress from that stressful situation that was handled quickly and efficiently by Scottsdale Plumbing. I will definitely use them again in the future. With my propensity to whack a hammer with my eyes closed, I'm sure I'll need them.
