1	I had just got my new insurance, and this place was close to home. I went in for my check up, which was fine, even though they took more xrays then I have ever had in my life. They did not use the protective cover for radiation when doing the xrays. When I asked why they didn't use it, she said that  they were digital and you don't need to. I was told otherwise by a different dentist. When it was time to get my quote on what work I needed done, they were trying to charge me 400 dollars more than they are allowed with my PPO, according to my insurance. I called and checked with them as soon as I got done there. They also told me they could replace my crown and the insurance would cover it because it was done by another dentist. It had only been 3 1/2 years since I had it done, so they will not cover it...doesn't matter who the dentist is, it has to be over 5 years old for them to cover this. So, long story short..they would have done the work for 900 dollars, and then came back to me and said..oops, the insurance will not cover this, you have to pay. Right? Not going back there! Oh, but the dentist was really nice. :)
1	First of all I have worked for this doctor as a dental assistant in the past and I have to say I have never worked for a more crooked doctor in my life. I can count several cases where Dr.patel has left open margins on crowns or has removed crowns that did not have anything wrong with them to start with just to make money off of them. An open margin is where the gap between the tooth and the crown lets bacteria in, thus letting the tooth decay and will ultimately have to be extracted. So if you had a crown done at this office I would get it looked at. The last straw for me came when "doctor" patel did veeners on a very nice lady and did such a horrible job that I encouraged her to sue the doctor which she eventually did. I am ashamed to have to had have worked for such an horriable doctor. So don't be fooled by the high tech office, just run as fast as you can.
1	Never be fooled by state of the art equipment and a pretty modern, comfortable office. What matters are the caring and experience of the actual individuals who are working on you.I went in for Veneers with Dr. Sarika Patel DMD (License number in NV 5713 ) in Las Vegas Nevada. Business name known as StoneWater Dentistry  4450 N Tenaya WaySuite 225Las Vegas, NV 89129Dr. Sarika Patel DMD keeps the interaction with the patient to a bare minimal. They do not explain to the patient the procedure thoroughly and medical ethics are out the window.Dr. Sarika Patel DMD installed the wrong color veneers which ultimately had to removed where additional damage to my originally healthy teeth had to be made. My original teeth were healthy and I was an excellent candidate for veneers. After Dr. Sarika Patel DMD performed dental work on my teeth they resembled the teeth of a monster from a Sci-fi movie. Dr. Sarika Patel DMD broke one of my health front teeth, did an emergency root canal where so little anesthesia was given that I literally jumped out of my seat. Additionally a few weeks later I went to my primary dentist where after x-rays my primary dentist informed an showed me how Dr. Sarika Patel DMD left a broken file inside my gum when doing the emergency root canal and did not inform me the patient. To add insult to injury, Dr.Sarika Patel DMD charged me for the correction of the Veneers using labs costs as an excuse and charged me for the root canal which came about because of her horrible dentistry experience.Dr. Sarika Patel DMD answers her office phone pretending to be the office assistant. Dr. Sarika Patel DMD practices unethically, is desperate to get as much money as she can at no matter what the cost to the physical and mental damage inflicted on the patient and is not a people person. Her staff is unhappy and the dental assistant will choke you with water and pull and stretch your mouth as if you are not human and do not feel anything.I have never had fear of dentistry in my life and I am in my mid forties. I now have dental work fear. I literally feel violated and damaged. I am a medical professional and see and understand how unethical Dr.Sarika Patel DMD practices. I will pursue malpractice damages, the board of dentistry of Nevada and the American Board of Denistry, the better business bureau and inform the public of this menace that is Dr. Sarika Patel DMD medical practice and her unethical practices.Links:https://nvbod.glsuite.us/glsuiteweb/Clients/NVBOD/ASPX/LicenseeDetails.aspx?EntityID=1124757http://www.stonewaterdentistry.com/meet.html
5	This dentist's office I awesome!! I used to have a horrible dentist and I was always scared to go in. Once I started seeing Dr. Patel I discovered going to the dentist isn't always terrible. The office has state of the art equipment, SUPER comfortable chairs, and very friendly staff. I have had to have some fillings from my previous dentist redone and Dr. Patel did a wonderful job with them. She has even done one of my cleanings because the oral hygienist wasn't in. So friendly and good at what she does. I really like that Dr. Patel will try any minor fixes without having to dive in and numb you and drill away. I love it. I highly recommend Stonewater Dentistry. :)
5	dr. patel is the best dentist i have seen. i recently got lumineers on my top row of teeth and the whole entire process was painless and my teeth are perfect.
