4	Located inside the Fairmont Hotel. Very nice and upscale. . Live Jazz on Wednesdays thru Saturdays. Ordered food from the bar menu. I had the hamburger sliders. Very good. The negatives.... bar area is very small and place is very expensive but that is what you get in an upscale downtown hotel bar. Not a shot and a beer place. Great place to stop in for a drink if you are in cultural district ... all dressed up and want to have a drink with that special someone.
4	I have heard about Andy's for awhile now, and finally got a chance to check it out on Friday night. It's right inside the Fairmont Hotel's lobby downtown, but the Fairmont is not your typical hotel. The lobby is beautiful with a large staircase that leads up to the second floor. There's seating under the staircase, as well as, within the bar area of Andy's. Every weekend they have live jazz right in the lobby area next to Andy's. On Friday night we sat in the bar area, and I ordered off the bar menu. I had their Asian Greens and Napa Cabbage salad. It was awesome! I was a huge fan of the whole experience. The jazz singer was a music teacher at one of the local colleges and some of her students were there supporting her. They started singing a French jazz song; the whole crowd stopped what they were doing and just watched and listened. It was a great, laid back atmosphere to end a Friday night in the city. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for something different to do!
4	Great hotel bar - unexpected find in steel city!
5	Not your typical hotel bar!  This place is really cool and mellow yellow. We have been there twice but our experience last night warranted a review. My bf loves jazz and i like cocktails so we decided to have a grown up  night at Andys. We got there at around 8:30/9 and parked in the hotel basement ($6). The seats by the lobby were all taken (friday night) but we got a table at the bar area. They have a range of unique cocktails, some beer and vino. They also have a mini food menu. Cocktails range between ($9-$12). The bloody Mary is amazing!!!!!! seriously!!!! probably the best i have had...I also got the pop art martini and it was also pretty good(gave me the buzz i was yearning for).  My bf tried the Bellini Manhattan (comes in a martini glass) and it was done pretty well too. He also got a local beer.  We ordered some chips and guac and hang out until the music stopped. The crowd was eclectic. Not too dressy ..i spotted some jeans and tennis shoes...  I didn't feel out of place neither did the Bf. There were mostly older couples when we first got there and then later it got younger( not douchey). It was very relaxed and mellow. Our waitress was great. We ordered a dessert at 11:10 (kitchen closes at 11) but they were able to accommodate us. Ps that dessert was amazing (Kahlua torte with vanilla bean cream) we devoured it with a glass of champagne and some irish coffee.  The band stopped playing at 11 at which point they played jazzy tunes in the background. They also have a large TV that played the hockey game (on mute).  If your looking for a mellow night over some cocktails or just a place to drop by after work, dinner or before a big night out then this is definitely a place to check out!!  Did i mention that its mellow? We both loved it and I think we will be regulars.
3	I am a bit perplexed by the reviews proclaiming that Andy's does not feel like a hotel bar.  It is a fairly typical hotel bar that you would expect to find in  a modern/boutique hotel.  Andy's is right off of the main lobby and extremely bright.  Andy's could actually stand to dim the lights a bit, to be quite honest.  I have no idea what the cocktail scene is like in Pittsburgh, but I don't think I would opt for Andy's as a destination if I were not staying at the Fairmont.
3	Andy's is nice enough for a hotel bar, but nothing special.  The cosmo and old fashioned I tried there both were just average.  The main flaw of the bar is the floor plan.  There is a wall that keeps the bar unnecessarily cut off from the lobby...This also keeps the tables too close and makes the bar feel claustrophobic--a difficult task in a hotel as grand as the Fairmont.  The live jazz is a nice touch, but certainly not the best jazz in the city.
5	Great place for live Jazz. The musicians are always top notch. The wine list is somewhat limited,  but there are some very good choices on the list. This is a fun place to visit and it's quite elegant. They have recently extended the number of evenings for live music from Tuesday to Saturday evening.  No cover charge.
4	This is one of those bars that makes me think, "You know, Pittsburgh isn't some two-bit town with nothing to do and bland food and drinks." It is swanky up in here, and I like it!Andy's is so named after Mr Warhol, and the theme carries through the decorations and drinks. The bar is located in the lobby of the lovely Fairmont hotel, which is sleek and modern, without being cold. We stopped in here on NYE to grab a drink before heading off to another place to have additional drinks, and were quite delighted by the live jazz and thoughtful cocktails. I had a Bellini Manhattan and the hubby had a maple syrup infused Old Fashion. The Bellini Manhattan was delish-- loved it. The Old Fashion was good-- strong, and you could taste the maple syrup on the back end. Neil said he liked trying it once, but would want a traditional Old Fashion to drink all night. Service was attentive, and we got to valet park for NYE for $15 when there were zero spots available downtown. All in all, a success!
4	Visited Andy's a while ago and loved it for its music and ambiance. I would go back anytime for a drink but not for food. The dinner was overpriced for the quality presented. For a meal I would give it a 2 but as a jazzy bar hang out a definite 4, it's nice to have a little places like this to go to after work.
3	Great live blues / jazz music. Service is good as well. But I'm a huge food fanatic and the food is only ok and limited. But I guess you shouldn't expect much from a hotel bar/restaurant.  Eitherway I had a good overall experience just wasn't impressed with the menu. But if you want to stop in for a quick drink listen to some good music and maybe impress a girl good spot to go.
5	Andys (notice no apostrophe) is named for the two famous Andys of Pittsburgh: artist Andy Warhol and businessman Andrew Carnegie. Their coasters include quotes from each figure and decorations pay tribute to Warhol's artwork.This place has a fantastic cocktail menu. We recommend the Smashed Apple and Cucumber Mint Mojito. I doubt that there are any drinks that aren't good on the menu.They have 5 beers on tap and a decent selection of bottles. For beer drinkers, be sure to check in on foursquare for a free beer each day as a special.Our bartender Bianca was fantastic and served us several times during our stay at Fairmont.They have live jazz music on Friday and Saturday.This place is upscale and has a lot of class, a must visit if you're in the area.
5	my hubby & i love this place! it has great food, wine, atmosphere & music!!! there's a wondeful mix of people & ages. you can enjoy the music & people watch at the same time, all from the comfort of your chair. while the menu is limited, it is a bar after all, the choices are delish. we had the chatcuterie platter & the cheese plate as a meal. the pates were to die for, especially when accompanied by the vanilla infused cherries. you could feel the crystals crunching as you ate the cheddar cheese! we were sooo full! a little later, we had the chocolate dessert & basket of cookies. YUM! when they say a basket, they mean it, there were a dozen! we had to take some home! they could have used more waitstaff; there were only 2 for the huge crowd.there aren't many choices for red wine, but what there were were quite good. it's sold by the glass which was fine as it was actually cheaper than buying the bottle.the seating is quite comfy but isn't always the easiest to eat at! we managed none the less! you really don't feel like your in a hotel lobby. we got to watch a woman back her trailer hitch into the car behind her on the street & drive away!the music was mostly jazz but as the night wore on it got to be more bluesy. the musicians played long sets, not your typical quickie sets & long stretches of silence.
4	I loved this little bar at the hotel!  bartender Bianca was fantastic!! she made excellent drinks and is a very nice person!  i had french martini with grey goose and my boyfriend had couple of different drinks and they all were great!  we also had some food..the tuna burger and salad was delicous...if you want great drinks and good snack food..go here!  if you're staying at the fairmont hotel def take a walk to the lobby and have a drink!!
5	One word-AMAZING. The music is exceptional. Hands down one of my favorites in the city.
5	I LOVED Andy's. Made it special-er for me that we unexpectedly found the place on an evening stroll through downtown Pittsburgh. Located at the rear of the Fairmont Hotel lobby, you walk in, and immediately realize you'll be feeling jazzy by evening's close. The drinks menu is inventive (i recall seeing fun vodka concoctions using fresh fruit, herbs, and things I can't pronounce or even try and spell). I opted for a white russian as a night-cap after my dinner around the corner at Meat & Potatoes (also amazing).It also rocked that the pianist looked like Larry David and was jamming with his group, who filled the atmosphere with mellow, cool, and funky tunes.Check out the sick flat screen on the wall across from the bar-- So no, sports fans, you won't miss the game if you're companion feels like gettin jazzy for an evening :)
3	Nice place for jazz.  Loved Maureen Budway last night!
5	I love this bar! It's pretty affordable and has such a cute vibe to it for being right in the middle of the city. I love the view as well, since the whole lobby area is all glass, you really feel like you're in downtown and not just anywhere. I also think that even the bar is "classy", it definitely comes off as "accessible".  They also have live music most nights, I think, and if you want food or a quick drink before a show or ice skating, then I highly recommend a visit to Andy's. My secret tips:- Plan a visit during the winter. The Fairmont puts free hot chocolate out in the lobby during the winter and my goodness, it's amazing. It's worth the trip alone! Don't believe me? Try it for yourself and tell me I'm lying!- Steal their coasters. They have cute little sayings on them and could be framed. No kidding!- Ask for the "bananas fonda" drink. Don't ask, just do.Enjoy! :)
4	so i was only waiting around at andy's for a friend to get off work, but i had a pretty good experience while i was there. i had 2 drinks off the specials list and enjoyed both. i also had the naan with 3 dipping sauces which was absolutely delish.the service was good... they were friendly and attentive.that's really about all i can say, since i was only there long enough for my friend to finish up. but i'd definitely go back for a few cocktails and a snack!
5	I really like this place. It's bright and cosmopolitan. It feels like an oasis in the middle of downtown.The best part by far, though, is the music. In particular, they have someone named Dane Vannatter sing there every so often, and he kicks ass. He sings all types of songs, but I remember his rendition of Al Green's "Let's Stay Together" in particular. He's amazing and is alone worth the trip to Andy's.
3	saturday was my birthday. we decided a trip to andys was in order to celebrate! at the end of the evening however, we left a little disappointed. :( it wasn't all that we had remembered it being. it was valentine's weekend, so you would think they would have been better prepared. the place was packed. as soon as a chair emptied, it was filled. later in the evening, they actually had to put up more chairs & tables to accomodate all the people. but, once again, only 2 servers. later, they did have another gal come & help, but it still wasn't enough. we've had the same waiter everytime we've been there, & he worked his litttle behind off! he apologized each time he came over to check on us. he worked very hard to keep us & the others happy!the crowd was great! apparently, word has gotten out about this place! there was a nice assortment of every age, from 20's to 70-80's. dress was just as versatile. one woman had a gown on, while others were in jeans & tennies, & then everything in between.while the group came with their own "fan club", they weren't quite as good as the others we've seen there. my husband said the singer wagged her finger too much while she sang, every song she sang was in spanish, and, she went to the "school of elaine benice dancing".the food was the biggest disappointment. last time, i couldn't stop raving about it. this time, i can only complain. we got the same-the chatcuterie platter & a cheese plate. we got 2 pieces of mortatella, 2 of proscuitto, 2 of a salami, 6 olives & a smattering of almonds with honey mustard. last time we were there in august, and for the same price, we got 4 of each meat, olives in a small bowl, plus 2 killer pates, and a delicious cherry sauce. what happened???? the cheese plate was as pitiful. we got the 5 cheese selection. there were 6 kinds, 3 were blue, and none were that to-die-for cheddar. what kind of selection is that???? there were 2 strawberries and another toss of almonds with a bowl of honey to round out the depressing plate. still hungry, we got an order of loaded fries and the basket of cookies. the fries were good, how can you mess them up? the cookies, again the same price as last time, went from a dozen to 9. do they really think people won't notice?  we can only hope that this night was a terrible fluke.
4	My wife and I went here after dinner on 3/30/13 for a relaxing evening of jazz and drinks.  We were celebrating our third wedding anniversary and had a blast!  The drinks were good and the band was even better.  Service was a little slow but they were really busy on a Saturday evening.  I hope to return the next time we are in the Pittsburgh area.
5	My boyfriend and I ate upstairs at Habitat and wanted to continue our evening. We ventured into Andy's and saddled up to the bar. We were immediately greeted by the friendly bartender and I ordered Andy's crush. I absolutely loved it. It reminded of the orange crush I drink on vacation in ocean city. Their was a jazz band playing in the bar and the atmosphere was phenomenal.
2	I stopped in for take out. The service was quick (I was the only person in the place) but the tacos were not good. The meat was very dry and, though they gave you some salsa to help out, the taco had very little in the way of moisture-adding ingredients. It was very sparsely covered with cabbage and lettuce. Three tacos cost me $10.70. Hardly worth it especially considering they were on the small side. I'd estimate that no more than a quarter lb of meat (likely less) was used between the three of them. I should mention that they came with seasoned rice with a few tomatoes in it. I had about 4 bites of that. Rice was mushy, also not good. If I'd paid $5 for the tacos I wouldn't be complaining but at close to $11 with tax this was a pretty disappointing experience.
2	Hotel bar desperately trying to be a foodie and mixologists heaven. Fails miserably on both. Overpriced. Food is mediocre at best. The mixologist drink specials are laughable. Do not waste your time here.
4	I come to this place often for the live jazz, cocktails, wine, and atmosphere. This is also a great place to people watch, inside and outside, since you can see everyone walking along Fifth Ave. I went in last week and sampled the new food menu, which was the first change in two years. It includes small plates, wings, sandwiches, and more. The prices are reasonable. I tried the roasted beets with honey and goat cheese. It was ok. The portion is too much for one person. There's only so many bites of this combination you can have until you're over it. I also tried the salmon with celery root risotto. The salmon was a little overcooked, which made it dry and chewy. The celery root risotto was bland. There was also an herb oil, and it was bland as well.You must try the Green Park cocktail, cheese plate, and the espresso ice cream, you will not be disappointed!
2	This is less a bar than a hotel lobby.  It lacks a cool vibe or any real feel at all.  I did enjoy listening to some nice music but beware the cocktail menu without the prices on the tables.  I ordered a drink and it was $20!  They didn't even garnish it as stated in the menu.  They forgot my wife's garnish as well.  The drink was ok.  It should have been unbelievable for $20.  Just skip it.
2	good ambiance, iffy wine (the house was better than the listed wines) and the cheese was not appropriate as spreadable and quite frankly the bread was bad. stay for 1 drink and move on.
2	Just finished lunch here which I guess is a new menu. Pierogies were cold and the chicken on my friend's salad was partially raw inside. The staff was really nice, but we are currently waiting for the check and trying to decide where else  to eat to compensate.
3	"The idea of waiting for something makes it more exciting." - Andy WarholAndys Wine Bar had that quote by Andy Warhol printed on its menu, and when he saw it my husband joked that he guessed that means the service would be slow. Well, he was right! We ordered wine and a cheese plate, and we had long finished our wine by the time the cheese was brought out 30 minutes later. The server was like "you want some bread or something with that?" We were like, um, yeah, the menu said it comes with bread. So then we waited a few more minutes for bread. The same confused server also wrongly tried to deliver to us a dessert we didn't order.It's worth noting that the bar is in a hotel, which I did not know based on the ads I had seen for it - I'd wanted to check it out for a while after reading about it in the LivingPittsburgh.com newsletter I subscribe to. It's also worth noting that the average age of customers was probably 65 - I don't know if that's because of a specific event that was going on or if that's the usual clientele.The wine and cheese were good, the atmosphere was nice and we enjoyed the music, but the service was pretty unfortunate. I would like to go back again and see if this was just an off-night for them. It was a Saturday night so they were pretty busy.
4	I basically only come here to listen to my friend Bronwyn song some great jazz tunes. I've gotten a couple beers or wine and have not had a problem with the service so far. The couches are very comfortable and it's a good place to meet new people.
4	My fiance come here often. It's the place that 3 years ago I started to fall in love with him,  so the place is special to us. We love the casual atmosphere,  comfy seating, Eddie the dog, the loaded fries platter, etc.The drinks are great.  My favorite is the cucumber mojito,  which isn't crazy priced like their other beverages. Last time we went,  we ordered some new drinks to try out something different. ....MISTAKE. The drinks were tasty BUT we had zero idea that our drinks were about $20 a piece...wow... neither were blow you off your feet epic to warrant that pricing..period.We'll still come back but we'll be less likely to try new drinks as we do not want a billion dollar beverage bill at the end for having a couple drinks.  Lol
1	Do NOT go for happy hour. Bartender was rude and not the least bit helpful. We went after work for a drink. After waiting at one of the tables for a couple of minutes without service, I walked up to the bar. I asked what their happy hour specials were. The bartender sighed and and said he wasn't sure. Then he looked at a sheet and said some beers and maybe wine were $3 to $4. He didn't specify which brands and seemed annoyed that I was even asking. My co-workers went in the past and had a similar, if not worse experience.I will not be back. There are much friendlier and better places downtown.
4	My boyfriend received a $100 giftcard for the fairmont and,being a fan of jazz, he wanted to check out Andy's. The $100 giftcard covered all but about $10 of our bill and considering we did not order entrees,desserts-only wine and a couple apps-this is rather pricey, in my opinion. We ordered a 5 cheese plate for $20 which went excellent with our wine! We each had 3 glasses of wine-he might have had 4-but I know mine were priced at $12/glass and his was around the same price. The performer that evening was amazing and the atmosphere is so nice! Great place to listen to jazz,have a glass of wine, and enjoy good conversation.
3	I stopped in Andy's for a quick drink. It's a really fancy place, located in The Fairmont. I was disappointed in their wine selection for how expensive it is - there wasn't much variety. I had a simple white wine blend (mid-priced at $10 a glass). I'll most likely go back again, but not anytime soon.
3	Love the jazz musicians!  Service is terrible and food is mediocre.  We've been there many times.  The last time we went we sat at a small table for two by the windows.  The previous customers had just left and the table was not yet cleared or cleaned.  We tried to get the attention of one of the waitresses, but after about 15 minutes, I picked up the dirty glasses and took them to the bar myself and ordered drinks and brought them back to our table.  The bartender didn't ask why I went to the bar to order drinks.  One of the waitresses finally came by and we asked her if she would wipe off the table.  She asked where we got the drinks.  I said at the bar and she replied "that's why I didn't clean your table."  Nice.  Lose the attitude.  Neither waitress waited on us the rest of the evening, so after going to the bar one more time for drinks, we left.  We live downtown nearby and would love to go to Andy's often, but won't if the service doesn't improve.  We noticed that the waitresses only take one order at a time and then bring that back to the customer's table and then take another order...repeat...which makes the service very slow.  I'm surprised they wouldn't want to move faster and serve more drinks so they could earn more tips especially at a place like Andy's where I would imagine people tip fairly well.  Maybe it's just another hotel bar and guests come and go and only stop in once in a while for a drink and not many repeat customers so the Fairmont doesn't really care about having repeat customers.
4	I like to have a nightcap here when I'm staying at the Fairmont. Drinks are proper for the most part, the food is decent, and the people-watching is always entertaining. Prices are appropriate to the hotel it's situated in; this is not the Days Inn, folks. Generally a good place to unwind if you have a few bucks to drop.
