4	Hooray for this new location with a drive-through! The drive-through gets heavy usage (read: there's almost always a long line), but service is pretty quick and always friendly. When the construction is done in this parking lot, I think the claustrophobic feeling will go away. There is a small outdoor eating space that will probably be nice, again once the nearby construction is finished. This location offers warmed pastries from La Boulange - yay! So delicious! My favorite thing on the menu is the chocolate croissant, but there's plenty to choose from, all much better than their old offerings.
1	My wife and I were sent on a famous "Starbucks Run" last Saturday for the family. We remembered the new location, and were super excited to be able to check it out. However, when we got there we were less than pleased. As mentioned, this Starbucks definitely is not as fast as others, but we felt that was excusable, because it is a brand new location; they probably have some kinks to work out. But what was not excusable was the MESS (also mentioned in another review, barista area was filthy, covered in spills. It didn't seem like anyone was worried about cleaning up either.) and the HORRIBLE customer service. Curtis was making our drinks, and he clearly can not handle a stressful situation, which probably means he shouldn't be working at Starbucks; but that's beyond the point. We ordered just 5 drinks (no crazy orders, either) and the location at this time was not to busy (7PM on a Saturday); every employee looked confused and were clearly lacking communication skills with each other. As the drinks came up (slowly) I started grabbing them to get them out of the way, and as I grabbed a drink, Curtis shouted rudely, "YOUR WELCOME." with a roll of the eyes. I then went up for the last drink, and asked if we could get a drink carrier; instead of making any eye contact, Curtis sighed, and shouted "NOW WE NEED A DRINK CARRIER, CAN SOMEONE GET IT." a manager shouts back that they are out, so he turns to us and shrugs his shoulders while saying " We're out." Thankfully a manager offered us a box, because clearly Curtis wasn't concerned. Getting frustrated, we thanked the manager and made a comment referencing Curtis' lack on interest in helping us, and his response (in front of the manager) was " SORRY FOR OUR BUSYNESS. THANKS, BYE." Not only am I appalled that an employee would ever treat a customer like this; I am completely shocked that an manager would not address the issue, and apologize for her employees lack of social skills. This Starbucks needs managers that know how to manage and keep their employees under control. So far, I am completely turned off from this location. And it seems as if I am not the only one; as we were leaving another customer made a comment to us asking, "What was up with that? That guy must forget that he is there to make drinks, be polite and smile, huh?" We all agreed we will stick to the Starbucks in Barnes and Noble.
2	Not happy with this location either. For some reason the drive-thru line winds thru the parking lot which means the parking lot is a giant clusterf..ck. Rude and slow service on top of that = very frustrated coffee drinker. But today was super fun. We had a coupon for half off and clearly the girl in the drive-thru was not happy about it. When I asked for 2 transactions (which I do often-no problem) I got an eye roll. When I asked her to scan my daughters phone I got another eye roll and the sarcastic "you're not the first person to come through this line today with a half off coupon." Oh really? Surely at 2pm I thought I'd be the first!! I said "oh I'm sorry I'm so annoying." Anyway my drink had a nasty brown lime in it, tasted okay but customer service ruined my trip. Boo.
2	This was my first visit to this Starbucks. There wasn't a line in the drive-thru, yet it took almost 5 minutes for them to make my mocha. I will give them another shot, but so far I am not impressed. I also agree with the other review that the drive-thru set up could lead to major traffic problems. As I was pulling out of the drive-thru, a SUV almost backed into me.
1	First question, how can you have so many employees and have a huge store but be so slow? Second, the drive thru line makes it impossible for anyone to park and get out of their parking spot. This Starbucks was poorly designed and I have had better experiences at other stores.
1	This location is horrible. Slow! Slow! And slow! Do not come here in the morning. Drive thru not set up well and winding through the entrance.
2	I'm not usually a Starbucks person but my wife wanted to stop for early morning hot chocolates and this Starbucks is right next to my house.The parking lot is probably the worst part about this location.  It's a tiny one-lane strip and the drive through line goes right through it.  If you park in their parking lot you will get blocked in by the drive through line and there is no telling when someone will be nice enough to give you the space you need to back out.  But, once you have backed out, you'll still have to sit in the drive through line until you are able to turn right.  Honestly, if you park in their parking lot you will be stuck trying to get out for about 30-45 additional minutes.  We parked further out in the parking lot closer to Kneaders... which I'm sure Kneaders loves.Inside, the restaurant is small with very little seating.  The girl who took our order had to check to see if they had each thing that we ordered and she wasn't very happy about it.  She sort of mumbled our order back to us, charged my card, and we were done.  No one at this location is particularly pleasant to speak with.Our hot chocolates came out pretty quickly; we only had to wait for a few minutes.  After drinking our hot chocolates though, I'm not sure why I would pay someone to make that for me.  I make better hot chocolate at home.  The drink was pretty disappointing.Overall, I don't see any reason to come to this location as it is difficult to get into, difficult to get out of, the service is not very friendly, and the drinks are not very good.Now, as I mentioned, I don't usually go to Starbucks, but my sister-in-law is a Starbucks addict and she hates going to this location too.  She will drive further to go to a different Starbucks just to avoid going to this one even though this location is just around the corner from our house.
2	No matter what time of day it is this drive thru line always seem to wrap around the entire building and it takes forever.  I've been stuck in drive thru for 15mins now and just in time for this review to be done. If you choose to park then you will probably get stuck because of the drive thru line blocking you from trying to get out.
3	I came here to see for myself if it is as bad as the reviews say it is. My personal experience was okay. I went inside and did not use the drive thru. It was quite busy but the line moved right along. But as I sat inside I did notice the problem with the drive thru and cars trying to get out of their parking spaces. One woman entered the store only to find a long line. Apparently she was in a hurry and couldn't stay so she left only to get to her car and be blocked by drive thru traffic. There isn't a whole lot of seating in close proximity to electrical outlets for those who need them. I gave this place a shot and it is just okay so I'll be going to another store next time.
2	This drive thru line is beyond insanely slow. If I could get out of line I would. I'm held hostage. I've listened to 4 songs in my CD already and I'm only third in line. Not worth the time wasted.
3	Starbucks corporate needs to send some trainers back to this location. I've been a few times and the service has progressively gotten worse. The staff is positively bitchy except for one gentleman who was very nice. He was the one who made our reserved coffee in the Clover. I had brought my husband to he could try it. When we were trying to order the girl at the cash register was uninterested and not happy we were there. Most of the coffees on the reserve list were not available. Instead of telling us what was available she just kept saying no. She even recommended one that wasn't available. When we ordered we sat at the bar to watch the Clover. The gentleman who made our coffees was helpful, cheerful and enjoyed discussing the history of the Clover. The coffee was great and the patio was nice but I'm used to a happy positive experience at Starbucks and would appreciate that at my neighborhood store.
4	They lost a star because they are so darn expensive. But we all know that won't change anytime soon...Love that they are open early so that I can grab some coffee on my way to work at 5am! They are always friendly, but not creepy like the people at Dutch can be sometimes lol. My favorite is the white chocolate peppermint mocha or the americano with cream and peppermint or the berry refresher... or just about anything.  Would highly recommend over Kneaders next door.
1	I'm not sure why I gave this Starbucks location yet another chance today. The service is so irritatingly slow, the baristas I have encountered are always frazzled and unpleasant, and my coffee once again tasted awful. Not worth the time and money. The parking lot and drive thru set up were horrendously designed. This place is just a nightmare.
3	This location always looks like an amusement park. I mean...seriously bad choice of location or something. However, I have not had any problems with the service yet. I can imagine how it could be poor when they have so many guest. I would also get bit*hy if I was so overwhelmed. Corporate definitely needs to figure something out.
2	One of the slowest locations. They're also one of the busiest so I just don't think they're staffed correctly. Doesn't help that some of the baristas lack a sense of urgency.
3	This store is way too busy for its own good... When I saw the 2-3 cars at the drive thru, I immediately parked my car and decided to wait inside.  The wait inside was less than 20 minutes, but the service didn't quite meet up.  The baristas are grouchy and do not have smiles!  It was so unmemorable that I don't even know if anyone told me 'have a nice day'..  On my way out, I realized I made the mistake of parking close to the building because the line at the drive thru was blocking my way out..  Don't park there if you intend on getting in and out.  Park away from the building and just walk.  The drive thru line had doubled in the 20 minutes that I was waiting inside!
1	This place is seriously ridiculous. Poorly thought out drive thru line and parking. Always slammed. I feel bad for the employees. They need to open another one near by.
1	This location is beyond SLOW. I've only been to this one a handful of times, but have never made it through the drivethru in less than 12 minutes, and going inside takes a minimum of 15 minutes.I'm actually at this location right now and it's been 26 minutes since I walked in the door - going in ten minutes waiting for my iced coffees.I keep hoping it will get better but it doesn't seem to be the case. They need to up the staffing at this location which is clearly popular.Update: Total time in store for this visit - 32 minutes.
3	This location seemed to have a rocky start. I wasn't impressed with it the first couple of times I dropped in but after stopping in another 2 times I can see they are getting their stuff together... SUPER BUSY location!!! It's a starbucks so its all the same here or there but hopefully this location cat step it up a bit.
5	This store is so busy but always staffed and amazing!  I never have to wait long.  I always have receive incredible service and am grateful for these Baristas. Thanks for your love and lovely smiles!  Thank you for always getting my drink right as well!  I want to clone you all like Dolly the Lamb!!!
1	Ditto to most of what everyone else is saying, too busy, poor parking, rude staff.  I was so excited when this opened since it's the closest Starbucks to my house with a drive-thru.  I have an infant son so it's so much easier than going inside usually but not in this case.  The line is always too long and everyone piles up and blocks everyone in.My most recent experience here will be my last.  It was Saturday 4/19, around noon.  I pulled in and intended to enter the drive thru on the north side of the lot, where there are no cars parked but everyone else decided to join the line through the parking lot which defeated the purpose of trying to not block anyone in.  I then decided to just park and go inside.  My order was a venti coffee with 2 pumps sugar free cinnamon dolce syrup and a iced venti half caff skinny caramel latte.  It wasn't until later in the day, while shopping at the mall, my sister and I noticed that, per what was written on our cups, we did NOT have the right orders.  They forgot the skinny part of my latte and gave my sister regular cinnamon not sugar free.  Being on a strict diet for health reason, sugar and fat found in 2% milk are big no-no's.  I decided to call the store to discuss this with them.  Normally I wouldn't care but, as mentioned above, with my health issues it's important for the people who make these drinks to know how important it is to NOT screw them up.  Simply repeating the order could help.  I asked for a manager and got Melissa.  I asked Melissa what the coding on the cups meant rather than just assuming they were wrong, I wanted to make sure.  She immediately became frustrated with me and said there are only two people working.  That's not my problem!  You guys screwed up my drink and you need to tell me what you plan to do to fix the problem!  She then said to go ahead and come back and they will make me a new one.  I'm sorry but I'm not going to pack up my infant son back in to the car just to drive all the way back there.  In the past, if my order is messed up, and it happens from time to time, other Starbucks would offer to make me a new one WHENEVER I wanted to come back.  Melissa was not offering this and didn't even give me a chance to finish my discussion with her.  She simply said well I'm trying to make it right and then hung up on me!I worked as a bartender/waitress for 10 years and in sales/service for another 8 years and I'm sorry but this is not how you treat people!  Corporate needs to fix this store ASAP!  I'm sure they will continue to get business as it's the only Starbucks in a 5 mile radius but that doesn't make it OK.  They should be ashamed of themselves......
3	As the others have said the drive thru takes forever! The workers are nice and pleasant but they could work faster. So far every drink I've ordered has been ok. So I guess that's the sacrifice for waiting so long
3	I have a love hate relationship with this location.  Let me start with the good...The good is that they are always willing to make my daughter the crazy cocoon frappes she comes up with.  These are "secret menu" selections that she finds all over Pinterest, FB, etc.  They take time and most of the time, the baristas have no idea how to make them but are willing to take the recipe and give it a try.  The staff is always courteous and friendly.  I have never had a problem in this respect.The bad...getting in and out of the location is the worst I have seen.  I am not sure what genius designed the parking lot and thought it would be a good idea to have the drive through wind through the already narrow lot but it makes it nearly impossible to get out of your spot if there is any line at all at the drive through.  They are literally asking caffeine fiended people who have not had their morning dose of whatever keeps them sane, to behave nicely to each other???  Not a chance!!!!  People are not courteous first thing in the morning (or whenever they are needed their jolt) and I have seen some very near misses as well as screaming matches.  Come on.....That's just asking too much.
5	Today I was made to feel like a celebrity!  I feel so loved and at home at this super busy store.  Thanks to Megan, Denise and this entire amazing team.  I came in for a tea and left with a warm heart.  You may think you're just serving coffee but you made my week.  Love the service, environment, and the food and drink!  You're the best!!!
1	Love the coffee but seriously with the drive thru? Why dont you have the cars waiting go though the other lot to the drive thru so they are going straight in instead of waiting in the parking lot where no one can park or if you do get parked there are 20 cars blocking your way out.... please mr. Franchise owner fix this issue!
2	Not the fastest. Feels like they need 2 more staff each shift. Parking lot/drive thru is a mess.
2	Props to corporate for putting a Starbucks in this location, it's very convenient. That's where convenience ends. The drive thru line takes FOREVER, not much better inside. The staff doesn't seem very well trained and certainly doesn't expedite well. Parking is miserable because of the way the parking lot/drive through are designed. I do a u-turn 9/10 mornings when I attempt to stop in before work. It's worth going to a less convenient Starbucks along my route than to wait the 20+ minutes this location requires.
1	Nothing changes here, and Starbucks can care less because we all keep coming :) Still.....terrible parking, waits, and always out of what you want. This location needs some help, but will stay the same because we all will keep coming. ITS A DRUG!!!! God help us all.
3	First time thru this starbucks. Drive thru was a breeze for a Saturday morning. They were polite and nice. My drink cup was full compare to other locations only filling it less than 3/4. close to home, would go back again.
4	Usually quite the line both for the drive thru and inside the store. Plan some extra time into your morning commute. I do love that they have the Clover brewing system and reserve coffees though! If you haven't tried one before, they're worth the wait.
5	I am totally shocked at the low rating for this store! The service here is great! Yes, the parking and drive thru are poorly constructed and it super busy, but the people who work there are awesome. I absolutely love them. They write me sweet little notes on my cup and always have huge smiles on their faces. Thanks for the yummy coffee and great service!
2	Both fortunately and unfortunately, this location makes a great and consistent coffee. However, time is money and these folks are chatty and sloooow!I sat in the drive thru last week (after ordering one Vento coffee ) for 17 minutes. There were only 2 cars in front of me... Seriously?
2	I have been here a few times, service is slow and the drive thru is always busy!! The drive thru is so busy I don't even bother anymore and go to the one closer to my work.  I feel bad that they have been placed in a poor parking lot. But would really like to see less the 6 cars in the drive thru at some  point during  the day.
4	Limited parking.  Poorly laid out drive thru area within parking area.  Friendly baristas.  Usually packed.  Yummy drinks.
