5	Let's start off with the prices:  $2/person or $5/family.  This is a great place to go to in the Winter and Spring.  They close up in the hotter months.The staff here is very friendly and knowledgeable.  They are just so pleasant.The gift shop has many reasonably priced souvenirs.  The trains themselves are pretty cool.  You can walk around the exhibits and also walk through the trains.  Make sure you bring a camera.  There are more than a handful of photo-ops there.
4	The Arizona Railway Museum is a fun afternoon for kids all ages.  That includes those who ask for Senior Citizens discounts!If you have ever been to other railway museums like Union Illinois, the setup here at Arizona Railway Museum is similar, though more modest. They have a very large collection of rolling stock. Along with one of the largest Union Pacific fleets outside of a UP's train yard. It's a very impressive and kids get to have an up close, hands on experience!As I mentioned in my Yelp Tip, admission is a reasonable $2.00 and they're only opened on weekends, from Noon until 4:00 pm. The gift store is also well stocked with train magazines, train whistles, old time engineer hats and other collectibles. What's really nice are all the enthusiasts who volunteer here who are willing to share their love for trains, along with the history of railroading. When you are done, plan to stop at Roy's Train World. http://www.yelp.com/biz/roys-train-world-mesa#hrid:hwZIL_Nby6LbKvw6paeUQw  It's just a few short miles up the road, at 1033 S Country Club Drive in Mesa. They carry various HO, O and N gauge models of everything you'll see here BTW, don't forget to bring your camera.Enjoy!
5	This place is so cooool!! I love trains! My dad took me here once when I was young and I never forgot about it. There are so many cool things to check out in the cars here. You can walk through the trains and see what it was like to ride in various classes of cars. So so awesome.
4	Cute place to bring your family. Really hands on. The staff is friendly and knowledgable. There are a lot of picture opportunities. My kids rang the bell on the steam engine for 30 minutes. The only drawback is it doesn't take to long to get through everything. It is something fun to do for about an hour.
5	This is a smaller, hometown train museum.  But they have a variety of different cars, which you can explore at your own pace. The docents are knowledgeable and very friendly. Great for an afternoon stop.
