3	"Met expectations" is about how I would sum it up.  Standard Asian Buffet with Americanized Chinese, about a dozen different choices of sushi roles (even some sashimi that I skipped), a Mongolian grill station, a noodle soup station (had roast duck for the noodle soup but I did not try it), and an American station.  By "met expectations" I mean that the food ranged from ok to no-so-ok (the baked salmon fillet was dryer than I thought salmon could get), with none of it great.  That said, it's cheap, and one of the cheaper place to get sushi for my kid, who thinks the sushi from the case at Woodmans is "great" (so why should I take him to Murimoto?) Will probably be back when the kids ask for it since it is close to home and one kid can get sushi and the other can get pizza.  Service was good, plates were cleared quickly between rounds at the buffet. Take-out is available by the pound.
3	Really decent! The sushi is fresh and quite good for a buffet. I liked everything I put on my plate for the most part. I was a little disappointed that they use instant mashed potatoes....but whatever. Also, soda refills are NOT free and that came as a bit of a surprise when the bill came, seeing as how our server made no mention of this. Despite bad mashed potatoes and paying for soda refills, World Buffet was exactly what I expected and what I wanted on a night I couldn't bring myself to make dinner. I wouldn't come here for a nice night out, but it really did the trick tonight. We left full and happy, and I believe that even the pickiest eater could find something they enjoy.
3	Nothing special, but a little better than the "average Chinese buffet."  I didn't get any water or drinks when I arrived, but that's not too big of a deal to me.  Overall the experience met my expectations and I would return in the future.Pros: They have all-you-can pho, clean, plates cleared quickly, attentive/friendly staff,Cons: Slow to replenish food, some food looked like they sat out way to long, charged for soda refills
2	Blech. Sorry. I try to find one positive even with places I don't care for. The hostess was very sweet and friendly. I got food to go, but things needed to replenished at 6:30 and what we did try was mediocre at best. Won't be back.
4	World Buffet is great!! Fresh food, huge selection and good customer service.  Try it yourself. I rate it the best buffet on the West side of Madison!
1	The food was mostly cold, and it was tasteless....I just wasted time and money to find out I'm never coming here again. Safe your money and eat cardboard instead.
3	Standard Chinese American Buffet fare...The staff is courteous and seems eager to please. The food is pretty much the same as you'll see at most buffets in Madison, just with a bit more selection.The mongolian grill is solid, the general tso's chicken is the best I've had at a buffet - good chunks of quality chicken instead of the sauce and breading trying to hide gristly cuts.Ultimately the rest of the "Chinese" dishes are not particularly good, but if you fill up on the solid salad bar, some sushi, the potstickers (very good), and other random items like fruit (large selection) and the very buttery garlic bread, you'll at least fill yourself up.Lunch pricing with soft drink ends up being 11.33 after tax, which is barely worth it at lunch on a weekday. The dinner and weekend pricing is not worth the price
4	This buffet adds some great variety to the normal Chinese buffet. They have a great soup bar where you can choose from a variety of ingredients and the broth is full of flavor.  They also have a sushi bar and a great Mongolian stir fry with lots to choose from. It is bright and clean and the staff is friendly.
4	Good place for lunch, love their noodle section especially, so fresh made to order type you can add anything you like. their other selection are about average.  Love their roasted duck.
5	very.cheap. very nice noodle soup. vey good overall. i like the noodle best. my roonate said she is so happy. my another rommate said she really likes red bean baozi but i think it is jusk ok. i eat all my noodle and i feel so full now. i laugh all the time because i am so happy
4	I come here way more often than I like to admit.  This place has one of the best pho in town.  They have a noodle soup section where you choose the noodles and the various meats and fixings you'd like.  There is thinly sliced beef, tofu, mussels and clams in their shells, beef tripe, mushrooms, two kinds of meat balls, etc.  I always get the rice noodles with some clams and tripe.  But really, what sets their noodle soup apart from another place is their broth, which is really good, and could definitely hold its own against many of the other pho places in town.  The rest of the Chinese food is sadly just mediocre Chinese, and I wouldn't come here if it weren't for the noodle soup.  They also have a "mongolian grill" which I've never tried.
4	This place gives Journey a run for their money.  It offers up a pretty good selection of your standard chinese-american fare.  They have a mongolian stir-fry, noodle bar and a sushi dude rollin "fresh" rolls.  The sushi is about what you'd expect from a grocery store.  The General Tso chicken is up there with the best of them.  The noodle bar is pretty solid.  They offer udon and glass noodles, tripe, "beef balls" and other meat products as well as an assortment of veggies.  After the Noodleman boils up your selections you choose what to add from the basket of sauces and oils. Not too bad.They don't have soft serve ice cream. Instead they have a selection of single serve ice cream cups.  They had some roasted duck sitting out on the counter.  I wasn't brave enough to try it though...All in all this spot has everything you'd need to make it your westside go to chinese buffet.Check in on Yelp and get $3 off 2 adult buffets!
1	My boyfriend has been begging me to come here. I finally broke down to get it out of the way. I usually check reviews of places before going some where, so I had my expectations very much lowered. Some how, this place was still disappointing. There was very little selection and the food wasn't very good. The sushi was average.I really don't advise going here, but if you do they have coupons on their site. They're far too overpriced without it. Even with it I still wouldn't pay the money, but oh well.Oh, and it definitely doesn't compare to Journey. I don't particularly like Journey because the fish made me sick, but Journey has an pretty amazing selection. This place does not.
1	We couldn't wait until this venue opened. Unfortunately, we were extremely disappointed in the atmosphere, and overall food quality. Anything that was deep fried had such a "grease" taste you had to put it down. The sushi was below average but we expected that going in but wanted to try it for the benefit of the doubt. I always give restaurants at least an extra chance especially after they first open up, unfortunately we will not be returning.
5	Fresh & delicious. Good location & environment. Only $8.99 for lunch. Definitely a nice place to go, especially for families.
5	Good food then average Chinese buffet. They have Good selection and carry authentic and American version dishes. Desert collection is very impressive.
2	Came back recently and their noodle soup bar is not the same anymore.  I think because they had such demand, they couldn't make the broth from scratch anymore.  It tastes like a broth made with bouillon cubes.
