4	Recently discovered this chain.  Food is good quality and tastes good.  I like their firecracker chicken.
5	This Panda is always pretty busy- especially around lunch time. I don't mind it though because that means that the food is fresh and not sitting out for hours just waiting to be ordered.My faves are the green bean chicken, the sweet fire chicken, and the chow mein.  FYI- they always offer that you purchase a medium drink which is big.  Just get a small- free refills.
4	Clean, good, consistent food and friendly service!
4	I hadn't been to this particular Panda Express in several months. So, imagine my surprise when I most recently visited.  The entire place has been remodeled!Every aspect of the interior of this location has been freshened up. Because of the remodel, there is markedly more available seating, all while maintaining a nice open feel to it. They've added a wall mounted flat screen television to the dining area at well. While we were there, the television was only being used to display internal advertisements. So, I'm not sure if it's connected to any type of service provider. One of my favorite additions, however, is at the drink machine. I've mentioned it in another review that I am mildly phobic about touching drink lids. I've been known to throw the top one away just to get to an untainted one. Here, however, they've invested in a lid dispenser. Just open the door, and it automatically grabs one lid just for you.Aesthetics weren't the only upgrades Panda Express has made. Although the menus is basically the same, there is one very important addition that caught my eye. They now offer Grilled Teriyaki Chicken. This is by far the healthiest option on the menu for anybody looking to maintain some semblance of a healthy diet while you're out and about.All in all, this is a decent place to stop and eat if you're at Desert Ridge.
4	One of the better Panda locations around town.  The atmosphere is nice due to its location within the shopping plaza and all the things that are easy to walk to before / after eating.  The staff was friendly and offered samples of anything we were interested in trying before choosing what we wanted to eat.  I ordered my regular two item plate with orange chicken and a chicken egg roll with rice. He tried the new sesame chicken and the orange chicken with rice.  The rice always seems to be off at these locations, just a touch undercooked everytime, but I always want it to be good so I order it.  No lessons ever learned.  Ha!The place was very clean and everything was well stocked as far as condiments and the like. Overall: AIt's fast food Chinese, so I know what I'm getting myself into - but as far as the locations go, this one is definitely a good one to hit up when you have that craving.
4	I don't like Panda Express usually. But this place is so good. The food is cooked so well and everything is hot and delicious ..The people who work here give very generous portions and don't try to skim you. Customer service is standard here just polite and move you along. Not a bad thing since I'm not a very chatty person. I'm always in a rush to get from place to place . Great food. Fresh food and a clean area to sit and eat
2	I'm really trying to figure out all the five star reviews from this place. It smelled good when I walked in and ordered my food. But I was surprised the lady taking my order spoke spanish and not a word of English...in Panda Express?!The napkins were empty and the spanish speaking lady watched me as I discovered no napkins. I had to ask her to refill them. I also had to ask someone to clean the tables as there was not a clean table in the place.  The lady wet the seat so much I had to stand and hold my food while it dried.I'm afraid to eat my food. What does the kitchen look like if the dining area hasn't been cleaned? Now a baby is screaming. I will not be back.
3	I hate to say it,  but the food was absolutely terrible tonight. I ordered my usual,  fried rice with orange chicken and sweet fire chicken. The food was lukewarm, the breading on the chicken was soggy,  and the rice bordered on chewy.  The orange chicken tasted as if it had been sitting out all day.  The lady who plated our food wasn't overly personable. I've been to this location a few times now, and it has been somewhat better on other visits. That, and my general dislike of giving 1 or 2-star reviews is the only thing that gives this location 3 stars. I probably won't return to this location again.I've been going to various Panda locations across the U.S. for years, and I've had far better. The cashier was very friendly,  but unfortunately I did not catch her name to recognize her.
