1	Never had the opportunity to experience the facial, which I've purchased a LivingSocial coupon....called 3 times, left a message & no call back.  Now I'm on the phone with LivingSocial to explain the situation.This is beyond lousy customer service.
5	UPDATE:  I had my first facial last week & it was amazing from beginning to end.  I regret writing the first review....I definitely recommend having a facial, or any treatments with Nelly for that matter!  The place is very comfortable & clean...I would go back, however her regular prices are a bit steep for me...just was lucky to enjoy the facial experience using a LivingSocial voucher.  I will have to treat myself again and see Nelly ....maybe for mother's day!!  :)
5	In a word, AWESOME!  I finally decided to have my permanent eyeliner done and Nelly was so great.  She is truly caring and made sure that I was comfortable the entire time.  She is an artist, very professional, and one of the nicest people I've ever met. The results are amazing as well - no more smudgy creased eyeliner at the end of the day!!  If you've been thinking about it for a long time like I was, you should go for it and have Nelly take care of you!!  I'll be back for eyebrows next!!!
5	Whoa Nelly...I was never into facials. As a matter of fact, when I went to see Nelly, it had been over 6 years since my last facial. She knew it immediately...but NEVER did she make me feel guilty or embarressed about my skin. She was caring, gentle, informative, and positively amazing. She gears her sessions to her client's needs which is so awesome. On top of doing facials, she does permanent make up AND Reiki! Nelly had me so hooked, I thought to myself, hey, I love facials! I made the stupid mistake of believing a facial is a facial, and they should all be equally good....big mistake! I went to another woman a month or so later...I was pushed to buy products, told my skin is so bad, I would be making a huge mistake if I didn't get on a program...terrible! Nelly is hands down the best!
5	I have nothing, but great things to say about Nelly and Emerge Beauty!!  I had an appointment for a bikini wax this weekend.  Nelly made me feel very comfortable and the wax she uses seemed to be less painful than wax I have experienced in the past.  I am very happy with the results and plan to continue going to Nelly on a routine basis! I definitely recommend Nelly for waxing and look forward to going to her for a facial as well!
5	I bought a livingsocial certificate for this place and I decided to try it out. Nelly is awesome! It was my first time getting a Brazilian wax and she made the experience as pleasant as possible. (BTW getting it done it's as bad as you would think). She was also very accommodating with me because I was 40 minutes late for my appointment because of 101 traffic. The store is also very clean and has a relaxing atmosphere. I plan on going back to see Nelly again.
5	I bought an offer for permanent eyeliner on GROUPON.  It was a bit of a drive, but well worth it.  As soon as we stepped into her office in San Mateo I felt this calm come over me.  The waiting room is beautiful and induces relaxation.  Nelly not only made me feel at home but also my sweet husband who drove me.  He was so comfortable he immediately fell asleep.  I have a very low pain threshold (because of my Fibromalgia)_ so it was more painful than I thought it would be.  Nelly couldn't have been more sweet to try to ease my pain.  She even offered to fill in my eyebrows at a discount.  I knew I needed that so I said she could if I could have it done today. She stayed late and did both procedures (eyeliner top & bottom and eyebrows).  She did a GREAT on both.  No more eye watered smeared eyeliner for me.  I wake up lookin' pretty darn good.  That was money well spent.  I look forward to going back and getting a facial from Nelly.  She is SO knowledgable about skin care.
5	Nelly was very professional and answered all my questions concerning permanent eyeliner.  It was nearly painless and cant wait to go back to do my lower lash line.  I'm loving my top liner so far!  See you in early January nelly!
5	I just made second visit of my permanent eyeliners, plus eyebrows for this time. I have received permanent make up procedures from other person years ago, and I got to know that Nelly's skill is much better than previous one. She is very professional and know what to do. Having permanent eyeliners and eyebrows is somewhat scary, but her work is very careful and sure to make perfect lines. I'm so happy to get this work done by Nelly. She is excellent!
5	this is the third time i've had permanent eyeliner done and by far this is the best. nelly is wonderful and my eyeliner is amazing. she's gentle and the line she created is perfect. she applies a topical anesthetic, allows that to take effect and then begins the process. don't let the thought of any discomfort put you off. nelly takes great care to be fast and the anesthetic takes care of the discomfort. it should last about 5 yrs - and if you're active, you can get up in the morning and have magnificent eyes by just waking up. no fussing with a pencil or brush and the best part it doesn't rub off when you swim, ski or do anything that makes you perspire. perfect eyes 24/7. you won't find anyone else better.
5	Nelly was wonderful.  I called and left a message and she called me back within 20 minutes and booked me for a facial.  My skin feels great.  Very comfortable  luxurious room and products.  I definitely recommend her and will be going back for my next facial.  Thank you!
5	Excellent!!! Nelly was absolutely Fabulous!!!! I love my permanent eyeliner soooooo much!!!! Thank you so much, Nelly!! I am beyond HAPPY!!!!
5	Once again, Nelly went beyond my expectations!!! I went back today to get my touch up on my lower lids and I also had my upper eyelids done!! Unbelievable!!! I love it!!! And I adore Nelly!! She makes me feel so at peace!! And last but not least, her spa smells soooooo good!!! I'm a big fan!!!! Love! Love! Love!!!
5	Nelly is very nice and accommodating.  My permanent eyeliner looks great and I am super happy I did it!  I took an advil before my appt. to control swelling but I found the pain to be minimal and tolerable, definitely worth the discomfort to not apply eyeliner anymore!  Half the time I don't even wear mascara.  Clean, comfortable salon.  Permanent eyeliner is one of the best things I've spent my money on in a long time...and it lasts for years!
5	I've tried facials all over the peninsula.  Thanks, Groupon, for introducing me to Nelly. I will definitely be back.  Quiet side street with easy parking off El Camino, Nelly's space is warm, inviting and impeccable. A very spacious waiting area, she offered me water with a warm welcome.  This was an amazing facial, We chatted a bit and then she suggested I just relax (I love that when they don't talk the entire time). Nelly easily diagnosed my dry, menopausal skin and used 8-10 products including a wonderful anti-inflammatory mask.  No push to buy products (but I did anyway).  I can't wait to return (and she does offer a discount for pre-paid multiple services).  You will not be disappointed here--just pampered--and you'll walk out looking 3 years (at least) younger!
2	I got a groupon for a facial at Emerge Beauty and called to schedule an appointment for a week out. I left a message after the voice mail informing that the business owner will get back to me within 48 hours...2, 3 days go by, nothing. I called again and left another message...again, a few days go by, nothing. So I called groupon to get a refund and was told that they've received calls regarding the same issue, that they were going to contact the business and I should expect the business to get in touch soon...another few days go by, nothing. So finally I asked groupon to refund me the $$...I'm not sure if the groupon users were singled out in this case. Either way this is not how you run a business.
1	I purchased a Groupon. I called and emailed several times, got no response. I am very disappointed by the poor customer service, because I was really excited about this deal and Nelly seemed well-rated.
5	Excellent!!! Nelly was absolutely Fabulous!!!! I love my permanent eyeliner soooooo much!!!! Thank you so much, Nelly!! I am beyond HAPPY!!!!Okay!!!! Here I go again!!! I love Nelly beyond belief!!! So far I have had my upper and lower lids done and my eyebrows done!!! Can I say AMAZING!!!!!! I'm so happy I can barely stand it!! Nelly could not be more calming, peaceful, professional... Just the best!!!!! If you are thinking of permanent makeup then she is your girl!!!!!! Thank you with all my heart, Nelly!!! Beyond Pleased!!!!
4	I am sorry to read that some people are having problems with Nelly and Emerge Beauty.  While Nelly may not have the best telephone presentation, rest assured that she makes up for that when you get to meet her and have one of her fabulous facials.  My daughter went for her first ever facial and i cannot thank Nelly enough for her time, patience and great work with my teenager.  We have been back many times since and i strongly recommend Nelly and her services.  We found her through Groupon (got call back in 24 hours) .  All i can say is keep trying to get her to return your call and you will not be sorry when you get an appointment.  You will keep going back to her only.
5	Besides all the reviews about Ninel not returning calls, I wanted to try her out anyway. I just have to say that I walked in tense, and came out glowing and relaxed. One of the best facials I have had in a long time. The setting was very clean, comforting, and cozy. My face looked great after, and everyone was asking me what I did different. Usually my face is always swollen and red after a facial, but after Ninel was done with me, it looked like I just came back from vacation. Do me a favor and try her out for yourself...so far she has been great on returning my calls within the same day. You will not regret it!
5	Just had my brows done by Nelly  last week. They look beautiful and there was minimal swelling and very little discomfort during the procedure. I would recommend her services for anyone looking for new brows or re-do's.
5	I am really pleased that Nelly made good responses to my messages. I came to her nicely decorated and clean location. And then I really appreciated the service. I definitely will come back.
5	If I could give Nelly a ten I would. I had permanent eyeliner put on my upper and lower eyelids. It looks absolutely great thanks to Nelly. Her place of business is spotless and nicely decorated. Nelly is professional in every aspect of her business.The atmosphere that she creates is one of warmth and concern. I can't wait to go back and get my lips and eyebrows done. Nelly has the patience of a saint and I couldn't be happier with how great it looks. Thanks so much Nelly.
