4	Ron was very helpful and didn't try to sell me things I didn't need.  Even told me about a $50 off coupon on snwa.com for pool covers.They also tested my water and said it was perfect, which it clearly wasn't since the pool was green.  I rechecked at home and it was very low on chlorine.  Maybe they didn't clean out the tester.  But I will try them again.
4	It's a pool supply store.   I usually don't go to these places, but I was trying to get a solar blanket for my pool....I had all the blue prints, but still not enough info!  Really!   Dammmm it, I have to go back again!
4	Helpful Assistants and Cashiers. Affordable.
5	New store...........moved across the street in the old auto zone........bigger location
1	Went there yesterday with my pool cleaner because it was staying in one spot. I was told that it needed $68 in parts. I had a 15% off parts coupon and they were giving free shoes and labor with any cleaner service. They did the repairs while I waited. After I left the store I noticed they charged me for the "free" shoes so I had to go back for my refund. Bought the cleaner home and it was still doing the same thing. Went back today and there was a different guy at the desk and he told me that the guy working yesterday was new and did not know a lot about fixing pool cleaners and even had a part in backwards.  If I wanted mine to work correctly I would need to spend another $70. I told him that if I would have been told from the beginning the cost I wouldn't have spent the money as I have a brand new cleaner at home but I am waiting to get my pool acid washed before using it. I was a frequent customer at this location but will be going back to Leslie's.
5	We cannot say enough good things about this store/business!! Each and every time we stop in, the staff is helpful, friendly and eager to offer assistance.  One guy in particular is a wealth of knowledge and has helped us many times.
1	What really annoys me is when people look into your eyes and lie to you.  Supposedly this place gives a military discount of 10%.  Last time I was here I was told they gave me a military discount an the receipt only showed a 5%.Today the guy told me he gave me $6.00 off, WRONG...I was charges full price for the product and tax NO DISCOUNT.  Time to take my business to another store.  These guys had two chances and the employees are extremely dishonest and disrespectful.  Sad sad sad as I used to like this place but now they have people working ere who have no respect for military or customers, only making the most money for the store.
1	I am very disappointed in the customer service I received here. As first time pool owners, we bought several supplies. There were a few things we ended up not needing because our friends had a bunch of chlorine tabs etc. A few days later, I took the items back unopened and with a receipt and they wouldn't take it back. Apparently they don't take any returns on chemicals only they NEVER mentioned this to us at time of purchase and there is nothing on the receipt. It's only $30 but if feels like they are trying to take advantage of people. I will not purchase from this place again!
