3	I live nearby so thought i'd pop in and see what it's like...The place looks trendy, with a nice terasse and all...ok, to the food.For entree we ordered fried calamari, main dishes we ordered Bitoque (portugese steak with fries), Bison short ribs, and a pasta dish which i don't remember the name but it was a tube pasta with green peas. The calamari was great, soft batter fresh calamari, the short ribs were very tender, it came with sweet potato mash very nice...The steak was good, it had nice texture and was tender, the fries were real nice too. But the pasta was awful, it tasted like provigo pasta that you could reboil from home, it was tough and under cooked, i'm not talking al dente, it was rubbery and dry, felt like plastic...nice place but the pasta just ruined it... there arre some interesting choices i want to try out though, since i'm so close :)I'll give it a second chance, but the price is a bit steep for the quality... it's ok and it charges like it's really good lol
4	Really good food.  The calamari was great as well as the Halibut.  The Halibut was made in a causselette and was great.
4	really good - Portuguese style steak is worth having - not something I would normally order, but am glad I did.Must have the rice pudding - it is very good.the wait staff was super nice.
4	The location is just fantastic, the fishbowl that looks over Jeanne Mance. The food and service are equally well done. Opened by Chef Ferreira, Chef Gilles Herzog cooks up two delightful menus, one called F and the other called Bar, which is one of the few confusing things about the menu. The bar part of the menu seems to be more bar and brasserie food and the F side seems to be more formally Portuguese inspired.We started with the tartare and the octopus, two excellent choices. The mains were sweetbreads and short ribs. The dessert was fine but not spectacular. The guanaja and the pear. The The pear was a bit small, but the crispy "arlette" was wonderful.
5	A wonderful place. The design of the space on a narrow sidewalk is just phenomenal. I wish people can implement this wonderful concept around the world. Great location, in the middle of the Quartier des spectacles, which I can only imagine how lovely of a view it would be on a busy festival night. Service was prompt, fast and friendly.  Food was impeccable with very original combination of flavours and texture. Some of our dishes were presented in a lovely small casserole, simply fantastic. I have recommend this place to many people and will continue to do so. Can't wait to go back next time I'll be in town.
5	Great food and very good and attentive service. I would return for sure.
4	The only reason its not a 5 star review is because the service was inconsistent and its very loud in here.  Otherwise this place is near perfection.  We did love the music, the video of different places on the back wall, and didn't mind the very close seating.  Its very NYC in here.Two of my travel friends and I settled in with a bottle of red and shared the beet salad that had smoked mackerel.  It was divine!  Everything was very good.  I tried the pasta which I know is boring but I was feeling that way.  It was actually very bright with some lemon zest and croutons for crunch on it.  My friends had the chicken and octopus.  All very good.  We loved the vibe, just wish you could hear people.  I think the all glass walls are not good for sound.  But you can see the park (or what's left of it according to my friend) and just hang out drinking wine and watching the beautiful people.  I would add it to my list if I go back to Montreal.
1	Very disappointing. They promised seating to see and hear a concert. The table was inside behind a closed window - almost impossible to enjoy the concert. When a table became available they refused to change it and offered the check instead (?!!). This after almost $80 per person in food and drinks. Never going back. I've seen rude but this was a new level. Asked to speak to the manager who was not any different. Don't go.
4	Delicious fish, tasty chocolate verrine, very attentive service and a wonderfully calm evening on the terrace with just the sounds of the water fountains and the voice of our friends.Thanks F Bar
4	Overall a good experience. The food was fresh and tasty and service was good - food came at a reasonable speed. We ordered many different dishes. They come in pretty small plates and the restaurant recommends that each person take 3-4 dishes, but if you share with others you probably don't need that many. I recommend the grilled octopus and lamb feijhoada. Wines can be hard to choose because they are all Portuguese so we were unfamiliar with them, however the waiter made a good recommendation. The restaurant itself is narrow, a bit noisy and intimate. It is very modern and new.
1	Oh my dear ! You will get one star, just because I am keeping an open mind today!Where to start. I'm chocked at myself for having to write this esp considering the parent restaurant is among the strongest restaurants in Montreal at which I have always been ext satisfied.Ordered basic stuff: fried calamari and angus AAA filets with quail egg.Calamari were fried as hard as a brick top. I send it back and asked if I would have the same or something else, to which I said same. Guess what? It comes back a 2nd time just as hard. I send it back. I was in a relaxed mood so was not in a state of mind to complain or say much at all - usually not like me. I was however expecting the waitress to perhaps ask the customer, 'is there anything wrong sir, can we do anything to appease you? Sweet nothing; in fact she could not be bothered. Wait time between dishes was absurdly long, esp considering lunch menu. Moreover, there was no one in the restaurant.Beef was average at best.I was not charged for the calamari, well, this was expected.Sorry, avoid this place !!!
2	Affiliated as it is with Cafe Fererra, an excellent Porteguese fish restuarant in Montreal, I was expecting much better than what I received. First, the place as empty for lunch. And this on a Friday. That should've been my first clue, because nearby Brasserie T was full to bursting.Service was haphazard; no less than four individuals served us. Bread on the table was an after-thought. No water to drink unless you asked for it. My friend's calamari was fried hard as a rubber stopper - both times!I had the fish and chips. The fish was great - not too much batter and cooked just right. But the chips (and they were chips, not fries) were OK, but too salty and some were soggy in the bowl. Either up your game, or let someone else into the spot.
