4	I feel like after going here at least once a week for over a year I should probably write a review on the park. I must admit that the only reason I go there is to play disc golf and because this is a review of the park it might seem a bit odd.If you are looking to play a game of target practice and maybe take out a small child or two you should probably try playing disc golf on the weekends as there are almost always large parties and groups of people who show little to no respect for the fact that there is a disc golf course and just assume they can frolic anywhere. Major thumbs down for this even though the course itself is fun.As an above average disc golfer I feel that this course is great for beginners, but anyone with a high skill level will find out quickly that the Pars are basically tailored towards newer players. Add in the fact that some of the signs are either stolen or scratched out to the point of being illegible and there are some flaws. As long as you are just going to have fun this place can be a blast, and if you take out a few ignorant people along the way it's just one big bonus. Happy hunting!
5	Love this park, its huge! Lots of green grass, rolling hills, slides and a water feature.I wish the city would take better care of the water feature, there was algae growing in some spots where water was collected. Sisterwives are often spotted here with some of their brood :)
4	Mountain Crest Park is great! I am happy to have this park in my neighborhood. First off, this park has a huge 18 hole frisbee golf course. My hubby has really gotten into this sport since we have this course so close. I would like to play, but when I throw a frisbee, it goes off in a totally different direction than where I wanted it to go. Oh well. This park has a nice walking path through it as well. The path also rises and falls, so you don't get bored on your walk. The 2 playgrounds are fun as well. It is nice to have 2 playgrounds because they are for different ages. It is great to have a place for little ones to play without them getting run over by the bigger kids.   And the super slides are so fun. You actually have to climb up a huge set of stairs to get to the top of the slides. Now that is a slide!During the summer, there is a decent size water feature to play in. It is a nice break from our 100+ days. In this area, the ground has a soft coating, so you can go barefoot and still have traction and you won't burn your feet, which is very important in Vegas. For a more relaxed outing, there are a ton of tables, BBQ pits, benches, and even tables to play chess/checkers/backgammon scattered around, so you can find a comfy spot for yourself. So if you want to get out of the house for a bit, check out Mountain Crest Park.
4	A big group of friends and I got together for some disc golf this weekend.Normally, we go to Sunset, but Sunset was closed for a disc golf tournament.Mountain Crest is REALLY far from where I live...but it was worth the trip.We had a blast!  The course itself is 18 holes, and there is a nice variation from par 3-par 5 throughout the course.The park is beautiful, and seems to be very well kept.  With the park being so far, I probably won't go too frequently, but I will definitely be back.
5	Located on the West side, this is family friendly park. I was there for Disc Golf, I thought it was a great course. I will say at times the disc play got a bit close to the people walking, BBQing and engaging in activities other than Disc Golf, but thats what the waring signs are for. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	What a gem! I recently discovered this route in my attempt to find a less congested route to work one day and I have managed to frequent it whenever I have a chance. With plentiful paved walking trails, friendly dog walkers, and a calm location, this park is perfect! I love the fact that it has a water attraction, benches placed strategically throughout the park as well as places to play chess/checkers. Its located off of Durango with the west facing a quiet community and amazing mountain views. I am in love with this park!
