5	I dined at Big Daddy's BBQ this evening. I ordered the half chicken BBQ and diet coke with 2 small sides, which were coleslaw and sweet potato fries for a total of $11.84. A great perk is that you can choose legs and thighs only instead of the usual parts of the half chicken. The chicken and coleslaw were very tasty. But the sweet potato fries were outstanding; they were ever so lightly seasoned with sugar and were a perfect complement to the main course.Big Daddy has a bar and outdoor/indoor seating. It's a big an airy restaurant with ginormous tables that are perfect for big/large families. I just wish there were some foursome type tables outside. This is a great alternative to the plethora of table service restaurants that dominate Shea off of the 101. I am definitely returning to Big Daddy's BBQ to sample the rest of the menu.
4	Ordered a half rack of ribs with mac and cheese and combo sliders. They were out of pulled chicken so we ordered the bbq chicken. I thought the ribs were good as was the bbq chicken. The pulled pork was ok but the mac and cheese was very good served with big noodles. I like the layout with outside seating misters and picnic tables. Service was good prices reasonable. They only have one sauce but its a plus that they have it heated. I like my coleslaw chopped fine and thats the way they do it here but there was just a little to much vinegar taste for me. Once small complaint would be the parking situation which is very limited so we parked behind the shopping center but this is a small inconvenience for those who dont mind a walk. All in all a good dining experience.
5	We've been very excited to try out Big Daddy's BBQ AZ since we saw the banners go up the other week and tonight were able to do that.  My family is tired (not sure why since I am doing all the work) of me spending 10-20 hours on our smoker cooking up good BBQ meats so when a BBQ place opens around the corner from our house everyone is happy.The Mastro's group behind this concept could not have made us happier.  I expected the BBQ to be great but not the service since they just officially opened yesterday.  Everything exceed my expectations so can't wait to go back.  I started out with a Big Daddy's BBQ Honey Ale very cold beer which hit the spot perfect hanging out on the sort of outdoor patio.  Before I get into the food I have to say the layout of this place is really cool.  If you have been to Maloney's (prior bar here) it was fun to see how much the layout was changed.  There is a large indoor dining area but then along the parking lot street is a large patio indoor/outdoor area.  Hard to describe so check it out yourself before it gets too hot here in a few weeks.Anyway, back to the food since that is the reason we went right?  Big Daddy's features all the classic BBQ items such as baby back ribs, brisket, pork, chicken, and beef ribs. It would have been nice if I had a 2nd stomach to try it all so when the bartender recommended I try out the 3-to-an-order combo sliders with the option of different meats per slider I was sold.  I ordered up the sliced brisket, pulled pork, and pulled beef.  I am a huge fan of sweet potato fries so took that for my side.  With the beer all that came to about $11.If you are in the Scottsdale area or interested in trying out great smoked BBQ definitely give Big Daddy's BBQ a try.  I know you won't be disappointed (well my smoker might since it sure was easier eating there).
2	I was kind of disappointed with this place.  The service was good, maybe because I went on opening day, or maybe it really is that good all the time - friendly employees, and the food came out relatively quickly.  But I wasn't impressed with the food.I ordered the brisket sandwich, with sweet potato fries and their "delicious creamed corn", and really wasn't impressed with any of it.  The brisket was slightly tough, not bad, but not tender and flavorful like I was hoping.  The BBQ sauce was decent, but not as rich as I was expecting.  The creamed corn, which is apparently their featured side, was about 80% country gravy (or something similar) combined with a few chunks of corn.  The sweet potato fries were a little too sugary for my taste, and could have been cooked for a little longer.All together, the sandwich, two sides, and a cream soda came out to a little over $15.  If they drop their prices, I may consider going back, after giving them some time to settle in, but as of now, I'm just not impressed.
4	Bo Bites! First off, let me say a few things to give an image in your mind - White Trash with Class.  I dig Big Daddy's BBQ!  What can I say Pulled Pork on Wonder Bread & a glass of PBR hmm....These's guys really know how to BBQ Midwest style.  They have a hugh smoker in the back kitchen and a large pot waist height just for their beans.  They really have it down as an assembly line to push out their meals in a quick and timely manner.Food is great!  I like their Pulled Pork, Tri Tip, and Brisket.  Not too yippy bout the Beef Brisket, but not much I can say there.  My buddy had the Chicken and he loved it.  I hope this place stays open and become successful.  Only thing I see as a downer is the location - Shea & 101 - not much of a happening place.  They're kinda hard to see from Shea and since you can't have any signs in Scottsdale; it makes it that much tougher.
4	Visited the PGA Superstore and noticed a new BBQ place in the Pima Center, so of course, I had to try it.  It was in the late afternoon,  and kind of quiet, so I sat in the bar portion. The restaurant was quite large - several seating areas and patio areas.  I liked the setup, as it gave it the restaurant an open feeling, and an opportunity to sit outside.  Now I'm not a barbecue aficionado - I like all kinds of  barbecue and don't know the difference between rubs and sauces, or the different regions.  I just know that I very seldom find  anything I dislike.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and a glass of their Honey Ale beer.  I was pleasantly surprised by the sandwich - it was quite good, and seemed cooked to perfection.  It was served with fresh onions and pickles on the side, which was really nice.  The bun seemed to soak up the sauce a little to much, and it became soggy - but since I usually end up with barbecue sauce from one end of me to the other, it didn't really phase me.  And they do have rolls of paper towels at every table for people like me, so I was good.  Another plus is that they have hot sauce in case the barbecue sauce isn't hot enough for your taste - and I used it liberally.The service was great, with one exception.  They had plenty of employees there, which is a great plus.  But they give you a buzzer when you place the order, and then you wait for it to buzz, and then go pick up your order.  I thought with that many employees, they should have at least been able to bring the meal to you.The other problem is limited parking.  It is in a shopping center and the parking directly around the restaurant is limited, so you will probably have to walk.I did enjoy it, and will be back.  Next time I will try one of their samplers or assorted sliders and some of their sides, and be able to do an updated review.
4	I was really excited when I saw that Big Daddy's would be opening up by Shea and 101 ever since Bad to the Bone (at Scottsdale Promenade) closed a couple months ago and Scottsdale was lacking a good BBQ place. We tried this out on Friday and it blew me away.  When you're walking up to the place you can smell the wood fire and deliciousness. The decor makes you feel like you're down South enjoying some home cooking. The dining room style of picnic tables and the open air seating is very refreshing and even when it's night and still 80 degrees out, you can feel the fresh night air. They have a variety of dishes to choose from. Since it was my first time I decided to go with the Slider combo so I could try 3 different kinds of meat. Their sauce is unbelievable and their meat is tasty. Their sweet tea is also delicious. I choose their Mac and cheese as my side and that almost filled me up alone. It was so cheesy and tender and fresh. It reminded me of the Emeril's four cheese recipe I've used at home before. Definitely recommend everyone try it! My only gripe with the restaurant, and my reason this received 4 stars instead of 5, is because of their lack of cornbread. Out of the 4 people in my dining party, only one of us received cornbread and when I went to the counter to ask for more, all I received was another piece. There was no "side" option to choose for more corn bread or a way for me to purchase a plate. I just figured it wouldn't kill them to give everyone a piece and provide at least a PLATE of their mouth watering cornbread. But if that's my only gripe with the place then I think they're doing good.
1	I wish I could give this BBQ place a high grade, but I can't.  Others have commented on the parking, the self-serve experience, and the general atmosphere. These didn't have an impact on me. I was there for good BBQ.  When I eat, out or at home, I expect everything that should be hot (hot with fire not spices) to be HOT and everything that should be cold to be COLD!  I ordered pork and beef brisket, potato salad, cowboy beans.  The portions were small but adequate as I am not a big eater.  Other might find the portions to small.  The potato salad was OK, sort of boring. The pork was barely warm and the brisket was just warm; I should have taken it back to be heated up; but didn't. The meat tasted OK, but nothing to get excited about. The cowboy beans were hot and this dish was by far the best cowboy beans I've had in a long time.  Doubt I'll go back.
4	Went there yesterday with a group of 9.  First of all, the staff were great - even though the restaurant is self-server, they served us because we were a large group. Amongst our group we had chicken, brisket, ribs and sliders (plus sides).  Our only complaint is with the ribs - while advertised as "baby back pork ribs", they are large in size, and not as tender as we would have liked.  They were flavourful. Everything else was good. Portions are large, and we thought the prices were reasonable for what they served.  They don't really have any dessert to speak of - they should add some BBQ classics like pie, fruit crisps and ice cream.
3	Hmmm ... where to start.  Food was good, flavorful, no complaints; although for the price I did not think the portions were that great - but everything was tasty and everyone enjoyed their meals.It's a big open place, with concrete floors and picnic table type environment.  Patio with misters and big open doors to the outside.  A good atmosphere for BBQ.  Someone mentioned the parking being marginal (very true - same as when this was a bar in it's prior life).  I think my biggest downside is how much I had to serve myself - go to the counter to order, pay, get to table, get drinks, get place settings (plastic utensils), for a beer have to go to the separate bar area, order, pay, return for more, etc. (can't order beer where you order food).While I enjoyed the food, not sure how often I'll be back - would not want to be there when it was crowded and have to wait in lines repeatedly.
1	I know why the people behind Big Daddy's BBQ (the Maestro group, formerly of Maestro's Steak House and the Ocean Club) named it that. It's because they see hundreds of baby Big Daddy franchises spinning off this papa. And, sadly, they're probably right. This is BBQ for the unadventurous, for those who don't appreciate the glorious idiosyncrasies of the genre. As Olive Garden is to Italian, and Red Lobster to seafood, Big Daddy's is to BBQ.     Located on the west side of the Pima Crossing Shopping  on Shea Blvd. at the 101, you'll have to walk a ways after you've parked. The ambiance is kind of fun. There's a big mural of the Budweiser wagon on a brick side-wall. Several garage doors open to the picnic-tabled patio, and there are more picnic tables with umbrellas inside, as well as stainless steel topped tables. Paper towels are on each table as well as a rib bucket. I get the feeling the bucket is strictly for show and an alarm would go off if anyone dared to dirty one. As you enter you'll see the menu on the wall. No selection is over $20. Decide what you want and proceed to the counter to order. Then you pay and will be given one of those annoying vibrating, flashing light things that let you know it's time to pick up your order. It will be ready surprisingly quickly. This is a VERY bad thing at a BBQ restaurant.     Ken and I shared a 3 meat combo (the menu on line says $13.95, but I think we paid more) with 2 sides and a piece of cornbread. The most exciting thing on the list of sides was creamed corn, which we ordered, along with coleslaw. Our platter contained one beef rib, three pork ribs, and about 5 slices of brisket which had a small amount of BBQ sauce on top. There is more sauce available on the counter with the drink machine, but there's no selection - it's the only one. Neither spicy nor sweet - just blah. All the meats were quite dry, and somehow they all tasted the same. We were wishing for a pepper shaker when we tried the coleslaw. It was totally bland, as was the creamed corn, which had a bizarrely large amount of flavorless white sauce to canned corn kernels. Ken thought the best thing on the platter was the onion slice. I thought the corn bread won out - it was moist and slightly sweet.     As we headed home, the farther away from Big Daddy's we drove, the more dissatisfied with our meal we became. When we reached Scottsdale Rd., before I could ask him to do it, Ken took a right and headed toward Chocolate Star Bakery. We were in desperate need of a happy ending to truly ungratifying experience. The most positive thing I can say is that it's a whole lot better than Dickeys, the nadir of BBQ restaurants.
4	It's about time we have a good bbq restaurant up north.  Been there a couple of time and have been very pleased.  BBQ chicken and brisket are very good.  Love the sweet potato fries.The atmosphere is fun love the picnic tables.
4	The decor is interesting... picnic tables and siding on the walls? maybe if you added astro-turf? FYI - I also noticed a separate bar area when we first walked in - could be a new happy hour opportunity for the area?While waiting in line we read the menu off the wall, then stepped up the counter to order, waited for our little "buzzy thing" to go off... then headed back to the counter to grab the feast. This place is strictly self serve.The BBQ is pretty good for a family-friendly, please-everyone kind of joint. I really liked my BBQ 1/2 Chicken, the potato salad was great, mac and cheese were to die for and the corn bread was dessert worthy. Her BBQ beans were more like a chili and I savored every bite! Her brisket sandwich was delicious. The bread and butter pickle chips served on the side (apparently with every meal) were mighty tasty too. The mac and cheese was a little on the cold side, as was the baked potato...Overall this is a good quality, affordable BBQ joint. Cheers! *3.5 Stars
4	I have been wanting to try Big Daddy's since it opened and finally today was the day for some lunch there! I was expecting cold mac and cheese based on some of the reviews, so imagine my surprise when it burned six layers of flesh off my tongue. The mac was HOT, the sweet potato fries were HOT and my pulled pork was HOT, so I do not see what the fuss is about. The fries are a little on the heavy, sweet  side so I could only eat a few but they are pretty good. The mac was dreamy and thank you for including some of the browned/burnt crusty stuff from the top... mmm I am a simple man and easily pleased, I guess.  Overall I can't give it 5 stars because I think it's a tad overpriced, but I still think the value is good. I'll be back to work my way through some ribs and wings and wash down with beer next time...
4	Brought home some take out ribs.  Figured I needed to do it quick because every other restaurant hat has been in this location has closed up not to long after opening.  Have to say the ribs were meaty, the meat was tender, the sauce was tasty.  Hope they stay in business long enough for a return visit.
4	Great BBQ, fun decor. There is a separate bar area, which you enter through an interior screen door. There are claw foot tubs full of pbr and bud, lots of tvs, and a shuffle board table. Fun for grownups and kids. This place is very clean and well kept.
4	Really really laid back. Order at the counter and sit at a picnic table. The portions were huge, the prices weren't bad at all, and the bbq was reeeally good. They even sell old school candies. When the weather is nice they open these garage door like windows and it turns the whole restaurant into an outdoor patio practically. It's rad. I came here on my birthday and I thought it was awesome, I think people are missing the point of this restaurant being simple and not fancy. The drink prices need to be lowered however, $4 for a pint of Budweiser is just silly.
5	NOT a place to go every day unless you are taking some pretty serious heart/cholesterol medication because they feed your soul and your cardiologist will not approve.  It's a place to go for meat.  If you're a veggie head, go someplace else for a salad, there isn't anything green here that isn't fried.Hint, go to the bar and have Michael or Michelle take your order, this will save you from carrying the pager and fetching your own food.
3	Food was great, atmosphere fun, service good!   But, BUT, I am short and they have their sauce containers, including salt and other things, way up high!  I wouldn't be able to reach w/o asking someone to get it for me.
4	As far as BBQ goes Big Daddy's gets 4 starts from me:)  I stopped in here for take out yesterday afternoon... I have never been to Big Daddy's before so wasn't sure what to expect.  Whenever I go to a BBQ place I seem to always get pulled pork... love it!  Big Daddy's didn't disappoint!I ordered the pulled pork place with 2 small sides, I chose the tater tots and fried okra.  Omg the fried okra is so tasty!  I would definitely come back here again.
3	Those who like serving themselves And then paying for it. Will love this place. Once you retrieve your food. You will enjoy the smokey flavors, of the half of chicken, brisket and pulled pork. Too bad about the  Mushy corn bread  Liked the the fresh veggies healthily grilled.   Nice options for wine by the glass, too.  BBQ is back and this is the place to enjoy it.
2	In high school, we had a friend with the initials K.J. We jokingly used to call her "Kill Joy" cuz sometimes she would, well, kill the joy! That's what imma call Big Daddy's - a big fat effin KILL JOY.Kill Joy #1: Phoned in an order around 8pm on a Monday evening. Showed up about  20 mins later to a huge place that was stark empty. Literally, only 1 table with 2 people in the entire place. I was in Scottsdale for work so I had never been here before and I didn't know where you're supposed to stand to pick up to-go orders. I went up to the front of this empty place, BUT waited 5 whole mins before someone even said hello or offered to help me. Really? Everyone was too busy in an empty restaurant? Hmmmm...Kill Joy #2: Ordered the 2-meat combo meal with tri-tip and pulled pork. The meat. Wow this meat was delish! Didn't even need a knife to cut it. Tender, full of flavor, and a very decent portion. BUT it came with 4 fatty slabs of RAW onions on the side. Why???? It wasn't a sandwich. And anyone that knows me knows I hate those things. It doesn't say on the menu it comes with onions so why would think to request my food without them. The funk entered my meat and the whole room. Ewww.Kill Joy #3: Got a side of "mixed veggies". BUT, it was some dry ass zucchini and squash strips not even seasoned properly. They literally threw these things in the oven to warm 'em up and tossed a few handfuls of Lawry's seasoning salt on em after. Eck! Not my idea of seasoned mixed veggies.Kill Joy #4: Was feeling like a fatty, so also wanted to try their sweet potato fries. Not too bad! A little sweet, a little salty, good combo. BUT they were cold!!!! How do you serve cold food?!?! Come on, now!I won't be back to Big Daddy's "KJ" BBQ. Unless I'm in a good mood and for some reason prefer to be in a bad mood.
2	Totally hit and miss.  One of the cleaner/nicer BBQ joints you'll find.  Kind of halfway between a dive and a sit-down casual BBQ restaurant.  Robs weren't cheap, but a large meaty rack.  Sauce was good, but would have preferred having sauce choices.  Pulled pork sandwich was just o.k.  Smoked chicken was bland and not worth it.  Some sides were great (fries), some o.k. (cole slaw), some were weak (cornbread, beans).  Just no great reason to go back
3	Good food.  Decent sized entree portion, skimpy on the tatter tot portion.I had the chopped brisket.  Nice and flavorful  with the perfect amount of smoke flavor.I really liked their sauce recipe.  Dipping my tater tots in it rocked.  An additional tot order was required to satisfy the crave.Better than Dickies.  I will return and bring others with me.
4	I love this place! I get the pulled pork sandwich with Mac and cheese and tater tots every time... The perfect heart attack recipe :) The pulled pork sandwich is delicious! I crave it. It's moist with just the right amount of BBQ. One time the meat was fatty and chewy, but they redeemed themselves. The sides are good, nothing special. It's good comfort food. If your looking for something healthy and fancy, you won't find it here. There is service in the bar, otherwise you have to go to the counter to order, pick up your order, and refill your drinks.I've probably gained five pounds from this place.
2	WHAT??? 35 bones for lunch for 2???Wtf?  If it was quality 'cue,  i might give them props,  BUT- the briscuit had the consistency of warm rubber (no render here) and the pulled pork had very little smoke and a tad on the dry side.  The ONE redeeming part of tne meal was the mac n cheese- which was a "11"!but not good enough to elevate its total status...
3	I have been to Big Daddy's 4 times now.  So I guess I am semi-qualifed to speak to my experiences here.  I am always hesitant to review BBQ joints, especially if you have only been there a few times. BBQ to me is such an individual thing.  There are so many varieties and styles of BBQ that it's easy to judge BBQ harshly when in fact it's just a change in style that you are experiencing. I have been four times now and I have specifically tired to order something different each time.  I have had the ribs, chicken, pulled Pork and brisket and everything has been very good.  I especially liked the Pulled Pork Sandwich and the ribs were tender and succulent. I just have a few small issues and they are minor and because again the food was good. 1. It's fairly expensive.  I realize they have a lot of over-head with a big building and located in Scottsdale, but the combo plates, start at 14.95 for one meat. Also if you get a 3-meat combo it still only comes with 1 side dish.  So portion sizes are an issue for me.  I mean if someone is paying 18 bucks for a 3-meat combo you gotta throw in an extra side dish I would think.  So you start adding a few extra sides and the bill can get large quickly.  I will say that I have had most of their sides in my four excursions and for the most part they are pretty good.  The Bakes beans were bland for my liking but I generally like it spicy.  2. The only offer one choice of sauce.  The sauce they have is ok. It is what I would go with if you are only going to offer 1 sauce option. Something down the middle of the road. Not too sweet, not too spicy.  But for me the minimum choices for BBQ at a good BBQ restaurant should be three.  One sweet, one medium and one hot. Granted they do have a hot sauce at the condiments table for those who want to heat thing up a bit, but again. One variety of hot sauce is all that is displayed.  3. One thing I do like is they have a self serve BBQ sauce in large containers that you can dispense in small plastic cups for those of us who like it with plenty of sauce.  But the catsup is in those small, tear-open package like you find when you buy a hot dog at a connivence store.  Come on guys have a catsup dispenser as well.  Many, many items on  your menu use catsup.  I don't want to have to rip open 12 packages of catsup to get enough.  I will say that do have some pretty good beer specials.  They have $1 PBR beer in cans.  Personally I think that is gross and I would never drink one, but I do think it's cool that it is offered for those would would be ok with drinking it.  I wished I could give BIg Daddy's a 3 1/2 but since that is not an option I  have to go with 3.
2	Was so in the mood for BBQ after a round of golf yesterday! We stopped in for take-out, and I have to tell you I was very excited. I love BBQ and rarely get to indulge since my wife isn't a big fan. Unfortunately, I was pretty disappointed. The restaurant itself is exactly what you'd expect for great BBQ -- picnic tables, lots of paper towels, cool bar off to the side. I really liked the atmosphere. As we waited for our order, I daydreamed about eating lots of messy BBQ with the guys after my next round of golf. The experience from there was less than positive. Even though I was just there ordering take-out, the two guys at the register weren't very helpful and the wait was pretty long for take-out. The real disappointment came when I saw how little food we got for $90. The BBQ was ok, but it's definitely over-priced for what you get. If you go, I'd recommend the wings and the Tri Tip sandwich, but steer clear of the combo plates. If you have kids, have them split a meal and stay away from the kid meals. Only four puny over-cooked and over-breaded chicken nuggets that my kids didn't like -- and they love all chicken nuggets. If you love BBQ and are a big eater, bring extra money and order big.
1	Went here twice in the last couple of weeks. First time I thought it was pretty decent. The second time the food was the same, pretty run of the mill. The big problem is value for the $$$. I took my two children and my wife, we ate 3 pulled pork sandwiches and a half rack of ribs. The cost was just about $45 which for the quality of food seemed to be over the top. The half rack was tiny and fatty unfortunately. I will probably not go back. Would like to try other BBQ places first.
4	Had the Jalapeno burger.  Great stuff.If you have not eaten here yet, I highly recommend it.I've Had their Tri Tip, Beef & Pork Ribs, Pork, Brisket & Burgers along with most of their sides.  All were excellent.Their Drink specials were great as well.
2	I've eaten here once, with a large group of people, and I feel no inclination to eat do so again. It wasn't -bad-...it just...wasn't worth returning to.For starters, prices. Just for a basic pulled pork sandwich you're looking at like $8. Sides will run you anywhere from $2-$4 depending on what you get. A bit steep.If the food is good, though, the prices might be justified. It's not. It's...again, just not worth the bother. The pulled pork was cooked fine, not too tough, though I've had more tender as well. The barbeque sauce was...nothing. Admittedly, as others have pointed out, you have -one- choice in barbeque sauce...but it wasn't flavorful, it was 'safe'. Not spicy, not sweet, not particularly tangy...just a very mild, barely flavored liquid to help make the meat more palatable. It was served with a few scant onions and a few small pickle slices. I had a side of coleslaw...meh. Again, not -terrible-...just not something I'd order again.The sweet potato fries I filched from someone else's plate were pretty good.The service was fine, what there was of it. You'll pretty much interact with the staff only when ordering and picking up your meal. All in all, not worth the bother. Even if you find yourself in this neck of the woods, find a better place to eat, this is just mediocre, at too high a price.
2	I work a little north of here and have been a few times for lunch.  Personally, I would say this is worth a skip if it comes up as an option.The prices at Big Daddy's are aweful.  I tried the brontosaurus bone once (most expensive item I remember seeing) and it was basically just one large rib.  The taste wasn't bad, but not work the $20+ I had to pay for it.The food is ok, but nowhere near the premium you have to pay.  On top of that, they commit a barbeque atrocity: a single bbq sauce.  With so many tastes for BBQ out there, every barbeque place knows that you need a couple of options, even if you have an award winning sauce.On the redeeming side, the mac and cheese was really good...
4	Fantastically Meaty Babybacks.  Great BBQ Setting.Will be back.
4	My husband is from North Carolina (there obviously is no comparison to their bbq). BD's was pretty good, sorta pricy and their menu is a little confusing (written on chalk board). Enough of that.....on to the food.TRY THE MAC AND CHEESE! So good! Also the sweet potato fries, YUMMY! Pulled pork plate is great too! I ordered the brisket, it was good but had a lot of fat in it......so I ate more of the pulled pork my son was eating. Potato salad is so yummy too. They could work on giving bigger sized corn bread.I would go  back!
2	Ribs and chicken too dry!  Must be overcooked.Decent beers are overpriced.
2	Today - Saturday lunch - 2 Meat Combo (pulled pork / 4 ribs) - beans and slaw = $18..... the food is ok... definately not worth $18.... Being completely honest I give "Big Daddy's" on a scale of 5 .. 2.5 (two and onehalf). Your better to go to AJ's get a prepared rack of ribs -- and throw them in the oven... much tastier.  It will be interesting to see how long they last..
3	We were there on a Thursday night, and the lack of customers was a little scary, since the Bamboo Club next door was packed, but the inside/outside picnic tables were inviting.  Despite the large tables, the place doesn't really lend itself to large parties because the menu is really limited to BBQ -- pork, ribs, chicken, brisket, burgers, sliders, sandwiches -- so you have to abort if anybody in your party is trying to eat healthy.That said, the pulled pork was good and the ribs were huge and lean and meaty, but dry.  There was only one choice of BBQ sauce to moisten things up so you need to like your BBQ sweet, rather than smoky or spicy.  As a sweet potato fry lover, I was disappointed that these were battered with something that detracted from the potato.  I was also disappointed to find that I got nothing extra with my $22 ribs except one side, not even corn bread.  So, Big Daddy's satisfied my BBQ craving, but not much more.
4	NOT bad! A bit pricey and they ran out of ribs right before we ordered but we got the ranch burger and it was sure filling! I recommend trying this place sometime!
2	I stumbled on this place, and I wasn't wowed but it was passable. Sat at the bar since the rest of the place was EMPTY. Mike the bartender was friendly and helpful. I ordered the 1/2 rack of baby backs with a side of grilled vegetable (now, that's an oxymoron). Ribs were moist and tender but definitely needed some more sauce. The veggies tasted a bit funky.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that because of the scant crowd, their kitchen wasn't really cranking them out, hence the so-so meal. I may try them again, this time when I see more than 3 people in the place.
