4	This place can be a lot of fun... sometimes, its a waste of time. I think this is the most hit or miss club in Las Vegas. That being said, you can always give it a try since its in the middle of the strip (albeit on flamingo, instead of las vegas blvd) and since the Rio is a cool place to hang out any way.
2	Even though we had those "vip" cards and got in for free, we had to leave after about 15 minutes because that's what you do if you can count the amount of occupants in the club.  They were also giving out free shots to try to get people to stay, it's probably a bad sign.
3	The music was cool, the crowd was not too great, and for the guys, the bartenders were hot because well, they wear bikinis! The club seemed a bit outdated and dirty mainly because the decor were falling apart. People left after 15-20 minutes.
2	Went here for my 21st birthday (years back!) - at that time it was a blast!  Things were crazy (at that time - timid in comparison to all I know and see now-a-days).  Bartenders in bikini's and board shorts - good looking ones too!  Get up on the bar and do body shots off the bartender, the person standing next to you, or even have someone suck a fuzzy navel off your stomach...  I LOVED IT... then.Now, in retrospect, I wouldn't be frequenting the place.  It's dirty, sticky, most of the folks are drunken, ghetto or white trash stuck in the 90's.  I prefer my clubs a tad more posh/high end these days.... But hey, if a time machine were to take me back to 21 - I would prob love it all over again... eh, or not.... I'll pass on grubby hands and STD infested dudes trying to holla.... thanks, but no thanks.
4	Being a newbie 21 year old definitely has its benefits.  Getting carded is so freaking exciting.  Stumbling home drunk like a mofo and waving your ID in your mom's disapproving face as you hug the toilet, having your little brother call you at midnight to bring him some beers - ah, all priceless memories of being 21.At 21, life is grand because everything is just so novel.  It's novel that you can do all these things LEGALLY, without using fake IDs or dressing like a slut to get into clubs w/o ID.  Whatever.So a bunch of us decided to celebrate a birthday in Vegas, and since I would get the Rio rooms comped, that's where we headed.  Not only were we newb 21-year-olds, we were also poor-newb-21-year-olds.  Free was good. Very good.When we were given "free" entrance to Bikini's, we simply didn't know any better.  We thought we were special.  Plus, we didn't really know any of the hot clubs in Vegas.  Plus, we had no money anyway.  Plus, it was in the same hotel.  Three pluses means, "Let's go!"So we did.  And frankly speaking, it's one of the most awesome clubbing memories that my friends and I have of Vegas.  We had a blast oggling the super hot, scantily clad bartenders, we eagerly lapped up body shots up on the bar (until we found out that we had to PAY for each and every one of them!  Yowsa!), and we danced the night away to decent tunes in the small, sort of seedy bar.I suppose from the reviews, the place has gone to seed.  Whatever.  I haven't been back since my virgin experience, mainly because there are so many other interesting clubs to distract me nowadays, but every time we go to Carnival World Buffet and pass by Bikini's, all of us turn to each other with smiles and excited, "Oh my gosh!  Do you remember when we went there and..."Fun times.  ^^
