4	I love coming to this store, they have lots of affordable selection and most of all its very clean, organized  and brightly light.  Even thought the strip mall its located in isn't the prettiest. David is really helpful with helping folks pick out hair pieces; that is if you're not too sure of yourself and need a honest truthful response. I've been coming here on and off for 2 years now and rarely have I ever walked out disappointed.
4	It's not LA but it will do perfectly! We stopped in for some African American beauty supplies for my sister and I. Told her about the soaps and the creams. She stocked up till her next visit. Nice store with lots to offer. I will be back to buy more!
5	My fav beauty supply in Vegas.  Clean, well organized selections, and helpful staff.
5	I enjoy the the variety of high quality hair Hair Plus provides! By far the BEST place to purchase decent hair! The Motions products keep increasing in price though!! (Walmart is cheaper)
1	This was pretty much the worse beauty supply store I have been to. It was big and appeared organized but the customer service was the horrible. I have NEVER been to a beauty supply store that does NOT let you try on the wigs!?!?! You can try on the regular full cap wigs but not the lace front?!? Makes no sense to me. I'm not from Vegas but was visiting the area so I decided to stop in but I do not plan to ever return. The customer service in helping find a wig was horrible and the display of wigs was equally as bad. There was only one mirror available when trying them on which means you had to wait until other customers were done. Also the older Asian guy in the front who worked the register didn't seem to be in much of a hurry. I guess having a gun and badge made him an authority and meant he did what he wanted to do when he wanted to do it. Maybe that's how you do it in Vegas -- but I will pass and stick to my local beauty supply store in Cali.
1	**BUYER BEWARE**This place was a disappointment beyond belief. I absolutely do not recommend anyone shop here because the people that work here are DISHONEST, RUDE, NON-ATTENTIVE, and are running SCAMS on hair that I happened to be a victim of. In a nutshell I had planned on getting a full weave installed. I've worn weaves for years and have had the best experience with a certain kind of hair that took me years to realize was successful for me and worth the investment. I normally go to a place in Green Valley called Canyon Falls because it was recommended by my stylist. I chose to go to Hair Plus Beauty Supply on this occasion because it  was close to my job and I was open to have a backup location for the future. Below is a precise timeline of the terrible experience I've had this with business. I hope it is helpful buyers beware review, as I wouldn't want anyone to go through what I experienced. On November 6th, 2014 I went to the Hair Plus Beauty Supply on Rancho. When I entered the establishment the staff was either helping other customers or talking amongst themselves. About 10 minutes into my visit a very flamboyant man finally helped me. When I told him what I needed he was very insistent and somewhat aggressive about what I should get. I was very overwhelmed because of the large selection of hair so I counted on his suggestion to help me make a decision on hair. He ended recommending the "Moisture Remy Rain" in a color number two in regards to what I was asking for. He was very insistent that this was the best I could get and I ended up paying approximately $221.56 in lieu of my trust for his hair suggestion. On November 8th I got the hair installed by my stylist. First red flag was that the hair color on the box did not match the actual color of the hair on the box. The hair was more reddish then mine which is a dark brown. At the time of installation I just accepted it as a factory flaw and just went with it. November 16th was my first wash. The wash went well but there after something was not right about the quality of this hair. For the next week after the hair was like Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde. It was constantly tangled, it was constantly shedding, it was a nightmare. I've worn many different types of hair and this was NOT what I thought I paid for. This hair was tampered with after it was sold. On December 4th I did my second wash. The hair turned into a matted mess. And the picture I've attached was the final result when I had to get it taken out a few days later. This should have lasted me at least 2 to 3 months. I BLAME THIS ALL ON THE FACT THAT I AM 99.9% SURE THAT AN ASSOCIATE IN THIS STORE SWITCHED OUT THE HAIR FOR A CHEAPER GRADE AND CHARGED ME 3X MORE THEN WHAT IT WAS WORTH. THIS IS A DISGRACE AND I WILL NEVER TRUST THIS COMPANY EVER AGAIN.This place is a joke and I highly recommend you steer clear. I know if I went to this place with my complaint it would go nowhere because their customer service stinks and they rip people off. Personal lesson learned but please take my experience in account if you decide to spend your money here.
