1	I will readily admit this is a strange thing to review. Because it's not really complete yet. But it exists at the moment, parked on Princes Street, being completely futile. I'd heard rumours of its existence for a while. I mean, I always knew there were plans. I was Photo Editor for the Student newspaper in Edinburgh Uni for a couple of years and for some reason this was one of our hot topics. So, I had to trek down to Princes Street and find the infamous tram and molest it with my camera. I figure for a tram to be defined as a tram, it better start taking people from A to B soon. So maybe we could view this as a quasi-tram. Because it's done nothing in the past few months but have its arse parked on Princes Street disrupting traffic.I apologise if I sound resentful, but it seems everywhere I ever live, the big people in their high places decide to build trams to modernise their cities. As a pedestrian, I resent this: because they disrupt my route. They disrupt the buses' routes. And they make loud drilling noises when I'm around. All of the above are infuriating.So, let's just wait until this pseudo-tram gets off its arse so that we can give it more stars. Right now it's just a fat caterpillar, puffing helplessly at its smokeless pipe by the National Gallery.
2	The tram project in Edinburgh! Most people think they will be a good idea, however almost everybody cannot stand the annoyance and delays surrounding the works. The tram line is supposed to go from the airport to Leith. However, after only a couple of years, work is slow and progress is at a snail's pace. Last year Princes Street changed remarkably due to the noisy works blocking off cars and buses from the street. Indeed, the west end of the city seems to be undergoing constant works every time you pass it. I'm sure the trams will be brilliant when they are finished, and Edinburgh will have caught up with other European cities. However one does feel that the money could have been used to improve the already great bus service. I'm sure when they are finished, we will all like the tram system but that I am sure is a long way away.
3	If you ever find yourself stuck for a conversation piece when talking to a taxi driver, or perhaps any local over the age of 35, piping up with a "what about those trams?" or a "whit aboot them trams eh?" depending on what part of town you're in will fix the problem in seconds.You'll get a lengthy, grumpy monologue covering topics such as holes being dug and excess traffic congestion, during which you'll likely get enough tidbits about the rambler's life to drag on the conversation with another few minutes of small talk.The whole project is a bit of a joke, but for services to uncomfortable silence, it's a winner.
3	I love trams. I love unearthing old tram lines in Glasgow and Edinburgh, I love the pace of them, I love how they still carry an air of superior public transport status from the bygone days of the "trolley buses".Most European cities and Blackpool all have trams, so Edinburgh (who haven't had trams since 1956) have decided to bring 'em back. In theory, this is a wonderful idea, adding another dimension to Edinburgh's reliable, clean city transport and increasing interest from tram fanatics.Unfortunately, the reality is grim. This is where things get grizzly, and I will appear grumpy. But I hope you see my point! The trams are taking ages, which is causing upheaveal, disruption and general grievances to the people of Edinburgh. There seems to have been a hold up on production, and the project is taking an era to complete. They have quoted 2012 and I realise there has been a dip caused by the global recession, but it's still a bit irritating.Moreover, and it really, really saddens me to think this way, but considering the project is funded by the city council and the Scottish Government, then surely at the moment there are better ways in which we could be spending our money? Politics and reviewing should rarely if ever entwine, but I feel that we have too many cuts to deal with at this moment in time to pour money into something that's surplus to requirements. I don't know as much about the project as maybe some locals do so please enlighten me if I am wrong. But buses travel to most areas in the city, there are trains, and at the moment Scotland is being faced with some serious blows that may send us spiralling back to the not-so-hallowed days of Thatcher. Time will tell on that one, but I digress......so much to my dismay, I am inclined to feel that at this point in time, this project is frivilous. There are cuts here, there and everywhere that inevitably will affect not only museums and attractions that we enjoy, but also severely threaten the physical, mental and financial health of the country at large. Admittedly Cameron is Thatcher in a skirt, so although I am expecting to see a second blow thrown from the next Hammer of the Scots I don't know if his reign will be as severe as the bitter economic winter that she brought in behind her. Let's hope not, but to get back to it, I currently feel as though our money could be invested into something safer and more necessary for this point in time rather than on a project that, although wonderful in its own way, is perhaps the least of Edinbugh's worries in the years to come.For someone who didn't want to bring politics into it, I've not done a very good job at keeping them out. Oops. No offence is intended and debate is welcomed should you disagree with my opinion - it is just an opinion, after all.
1	For a Glaswegian one of the best things about Edinburgh is the Tram line.Started but not finished, the capital of Scotland spend millions of pounds sterling on a project that remains uncompleted and a stain on the reputation of the council.In 2011 it is anticipated that the Trams will run for a total of 880 yards from Gogar to Gogarburn.  I'll resist doing the Glasgow thing and just offer a moment's silence as Edinburgh mourns the spending of the millions on a toy tram line.
2	It goes 'ding ding' and runs smoothly in a straight(ish) line. Yes people of Edinburgh - finally after a long wait the Edinburgh Tram is active. Yes, the Edinburgh Tram looks shiny, clean and new, that is because it is.. I am wondering how long it will take before empty cans, crisp packets  and discarded newspapers will litter the floor.. I took the 17:15 from Park to York Place leg of this journey and it was .. OK. Took about 40 min. Meaning that the Airport Bus is loads quicker!  Obviously this being a new thing in small town Edina people will want to try it out. By no means is this reflecting the actual use this addition to TfE will have in the time to come. It does not represent value for money and TfE should seriously consider making it intersecting lines instead of this single tram line. One obvious thing missing is Wi-Fi. (again the Airport Bus has it)  This maybe still to come, but in modern public transport Wi-Fi is sort of a given so I found that an unfortunate oversight. There is no clear indication you can take a bike onto the tram either. Could be helpful. My main worry is the added congestion on Princes Street. The buses are now single file as soon as the Tram needs to pass. Did we really need one - Yes - but this incarnation is a joke, a lot less for more money. Fail!
4	It's a Tram and does what it says on the tin.You pay, get on, get off and in-between you either stand or sit. If you can get over the construction costs, then there's no reason to give this big metal thing a bad review. It's clean, cheap, fast and stops at the places it says it stops. What else do you want from Public Transport?
3	It's quiet, green, smooth and quick. But it doesn't really go anywhere you'd want to be unless you work for RBS or the Scottish Government. Will revise my opinion when it reaches Leith, or even better, the Southside.
3	It's got 99 problems.. About 6 months in and I have to make a few revisions - this includes 1 additonal star as they now have WiFi. The novelty is waning and the people of Edinburgh have resigned to the fact that the tram is disrupting services. Especially on the Princes Street leg of the journey. It is however still quite busy during the rush hours in the morning and evening. Still on quieter times the journey to the airport still takes longer than the airport link bus. In the past couple of months I have encountered many more delays and technical problems. Mostly the door, those bloody doors, due to the internal pressure sensors the doors may sometimes not close properly. This will delay services. Also the pylons where you need to validate your travel cards are many atimes not working. They fix it quick mind you. but a couple of days later it gives out again. I do prefer it still over the use of the bus, if only for it smoother ride - you are not being flung through the carriage on breaking. Tram Edinburgh is still on my watch list.
