2	Two stars (even though I couldn't be stranded too far from a bathroom for a couple of days after eating here) for the lack of decent thai restaurants in Madison.
3	Well, if you ignore the meager decor and shitty shitty service, this place rocks!! Lots of food with a great curry sauce.  Last time I ate here with my mom, the lady heling us didn't speak a single word and glared at us the entire time.  The food is too good to pass up though...and the two of us ate there for about $18.....3 stars.
2	If you're a student with no way to get to Lao Lan Xaag, this place will do.  However, the place looks run-down and the service would best be called 'casual'.Food was good though.  It's just that it can be so much better.
5	The service isn't as bad as most people seem to think. No, it isn't the overly nice service you get so many places these days, and the staff isn't going to hold your hand. But there's a big difference between the service at Vientiane, and if you have a bad/mean/angry/whatever waitress at Denny's. Vientiane is business-like, but they've always been nice to me. Maybe if you don't go in there and get huffy about the service, they're nicer?Either way, Vientiane is one of my favorite restaurants. It's so delicious, and I always have food for another meal leftover, and there are so many choices, even for a vegetarian. The Pad Lao is my favorite, I could get it every day.
5	I'm with Sarah K. With food this good I don't give a rat's ass about service. You get a pile of excellent food at a great price. It's been so long that I can't remember specifc dishes. I just know that everything I tried was always awesome.However, a friend had an experience similar to Rick's. Poor bastard made a bad choice: Extra super spicy, FRIED fat noodles. He suffered mightily for about 2 days. Spicy coming and going, ouch.
3	Well if you like Thai food and want try something slightly different, then go west to the next country...and try Laotian food. Madison, WI has 2 or 3 Laotian restaurants, which is unusual for a city this size. Vientiane is the capitol of Laos, Madison is the Capitol of Wisconsin, maybe that explains it (or not!). Like Pad Thai? Try Pad Lao! Everything is similar to Thai, but with a slightly different emphasis of flavors and/or ingredients. I would describe it as a little more heavy handed and hearty, not as delicate. This goes for the service, too, which is heavy handed and lacking in gentleness. Hey, if I were used to the weather in Southeast Asia and now adapting to Madison, WI, I would be grumpy, too! If you are a student, this is a great place to get tasty, spicy food and still afford some books.
4	First of all, Lao food is not exactly common around places that aren't in Laos.  And yes, it's very similar to Thai food, but there are subtle differences, and Vientiane Palace does Lao food very, very well.At Vientiane Palace, I was famous for being the White Chick Who Ordered Thai Spicy Food.  This is, apparently, a rarity in brat-and-beer-eating Madison, and the whole staff at this place got really psyched when I came in.  I never had a problem with the service here; everyone was always extremely nice and accommodating when I brought large parties in (which I did now and then).  But the bottom line is this:  excellent food, and lots of it, for an excellent price.  One of the places I miss most in Madison.
3	What you get here is damn tasty food but I agree that the service here is usually pretty awful.   I frequented here quite a bit a few years ago but was waiting for a return visit to write about my experience. My curry squash was excellent, as most of the vegetarian dishes have been in the past.  However my dining companion got the seafood plate, and it it had a burnt beefy taste and for some reason his dish consisted of 65% onion.    Lunch specials are crazy cheap, dinner is still a good deal, they charge for soda refills.  Stick to the Pad Thai/Lao or the Curries avoid the seafood. (This is Wisconsin, after all.)
4	Vientiane Palace is great as a lunch location (it'd probably be good for dinner as well). Portions are fairly large. The spiciness is something you can ask to specify with many dishes. While I've one one or two occasions had something that turned out more mundane than I expected, usually the food is excellent. I concur with Sarah that the service isn't bad, just "business-like", although I confess I've never eaten here with a guest, just by myself. Which doesn't mean anything, since the food's good enough that I'd recommend to anyone who generally likes Southeast Asian cuisine and wants to try something new.
5	Long ago, I sold my soul to Vientiane Palace.  I flipping LOVE IT.You get a ton of food for meager prices.  I've always gotten what I've asked for in terms of spiciness (2 stars is adequate to get my nose running), and I've never had anything that was less than stellar in terms of taste.  They have an incredible selection of beers, too.  Try the Lao beer--it's perfect for quenching the spicy food.The service is hilariously awful most of the time.  Have you ever seen the "Abe Vigoda's Restaurant" sketch on Conan?  One of the owners acts like that--stone faced, speechless and she all but dumps the food on the table.  You shouldn't take it personally; just shrug it off.  The food is too good to get all pissy about the service.
5	always hits the spotand it is totally worth the diarrhea
1	Tasted OK but wasn't worth the diarrhea that came about 30 minutes later.  Had to visit Fair Trade Coffee around the corner for a bagel to soak up whatever grease was in the Pad Lao.  Ugh.
5	When I was a college type in Madison, I ate here every_day. I'm not lying. At the very least I would get the Thai fried rice. It was an expensive but fulfilling activity. The Singapore noodles and curry squash are second to none and I have eaten at many a Thai restaurant.  We have made the drive just for the food several times.
1	Great beer selection - you help yourself and wait patiently for a server to bring you a bottle opener.  The vegetable curry is made up primarily of onions and curry sauce made without coconut milk.  The vegetable lo mein (there is another name for it, but that's what it was) was so salty I could somehow taste the MSG.  The waitress was nice enough, but I won't be back.  Ever.
3	I've been there for lunch and dinner. Coming from Asia and California, I feel that it's typical Americanized salty Asian cuisine. It's still taste good though. It's just very oily and high in sodium. If you're looking for HOT food, this is one of the few places in town where you can get it.The menu list the spice level up to 4 star. There is a 5 star level if you ask for it. Some friends of mine who snack on raw jalapeno peppers "cried" when they ate their meal. I had a 4 star and 3 star today; either I'd increased my tolerance or they'd toned down the spices.The service is very lay-back. And the lady was considerate enough to leave a pitcher at the table. The restaurant was half-full both during lunch and dinner time and not noisy. If you like to hold conversations over meals, this is a good place to go.
5	Food is great - try the squash curry.  It's really the best thing on the menu.  Good beer selection.  This is the sort of place where you need to be a little bit assertive to get good service.  Like - if you're sitting there and you need to have your bottle opened GET UP AND GO TO THE COUNTER AND ASK ONE OF THE TWO NICE LADIES WHO RUN THE PLACE FOR A FRICKIN BOTTLE OPENER.  They won't mind.  Besides, if you eat at place where you can get more than enough delicious food for two for under 10 bucks and you bitch about not having a damn fine dining experience - well, you're a jerk.
2	Have dined at numerous Thai restaurants and am a huge fan of thai food. Must say that the food here was average. Not a whole lot of choice. What ticked me off was when I found other meat when I had asked for chicken. Ambiance was very ordinary. Waitresses were polite though...
4	The laminated sign on the wall across from the door says "Please wait to be seated."  Soon after you enter, one of the employees will undoubtedly exit the kitchen, stand and stare at you for a moment, then wave you on in the direction of the dining room.  If you don't snatch menus from the counter as you walk by, you may have to wait 20 minutes to get them from the hostess/waitress.The decor is a cross between my grandma's house, a Chicago cigar lounge and a Southeast Asian travel brochure; eclectic and colorful, yet crumbling, the setting is about as authentic as it gets in Madison.But the real welcome home parade begins when the food is served.  BEST PAD LAO EVER!  Yes, it is greasy, and yes, it is spicy.  If you're nervous about the spice level, order it zero or one star.  You can always spice it up a bit with the Sriracha sauce on the table.The only reason I didn't give Vientiane Palace five stars is that their spring rolls could use a little more spring. The two times I've ordered them, the lettuce has been brown on the edges.  But the spicy peanut sauce is kickin'!
5	Best Thai/Lao  in Madison, hands down. Curried Squash is outstanding.  Slow service at times, but well worth the wait.
3	Really good thai-ish food with a twist, which I can appreciate. It's a nice change of pace from regular day to day thai. They also have a really impressive asian beer selection.The restaurant interior and the service is pretty crappy, but the low low prices make up for it.Give it a try, but watch out for all the students.
4	The food is great, and when they say "hot," they genuinely mean it. The maximum star rating made me cry into my food. This has never happened in any other Madison restaurant.
3	I walked in on a whim and ordered some food for carry out. The food was ready very quickly. I got squash curry and tom yum soup, which was spilling all over the plastic bag as the woman handed it to me to go. The food was good, but really really greasy. If I was hungover and craving thai, then I would probably consider this place again. But I think there are much better options for thai in Madison.
2	I used to frequent this restaurant when I lived two blocks away, and while it is pretty ok with a lot of dishes (the drunken noodles, the tom yum), I've had terrible experiences here as well. First, multiple times I've picked up an order of squash curry to go and the eggplant was not cooked. I'm talking it was basically raw and chewy. I had to pick them out, which is not what I expect from any restaurant.Second, they need to reevaluate their customer service. I am from a city where people aren't nice to each other and even I found the demeanor and treatment by the woman behind the counter unnecessarily snappy. Now that i live closer to other south east Asian food places I will not be going back.
3	The atmosphere is pretty terrible.  The decor is awful and feels very much like a hole in the wall place.  This would be fine if the place actually was a hole in the wall.  Instead, the space is quite large though feels crowded with too many empty tables.  Takeout is the way to go for this restaurant.  The food is quite tasty though I feel like the level of spiciness is mostly determined by the amount of sriracha they add to the dish.  The dishes here are reasonably priced.  I ordered some wide sauteed noodle dish with tomatoes, basil, pork, and bean sprouts.  The dish was super flavorful and I ate it with plain white rice as a complement.
5	I always get the 24A. Can get real spicy if you ask for it.
5	Yes, the atmosphere is lacking.. but who cares when the food is this good.  I lived in Madison over 10 years ago and this is still the best Thai food I've ever had.  I dream about all the vegetarian options & the Thai Iced Tea.  Oh, and they are NOT joking with their spices.. if you ask for 5 star, be prepared to feel the pain.
4	Holy greasy thai food Batman.  I get this stuff every time I'm in the area.I pregamed with their pad thai when I went to Freak Fest this past year.  We got take out, and food took longer than expected.  They seemed to be running out of supplies, but again Freak Fest was going on and Lady Gaga was sharing a drunken noodle with Kate Gosselin, Lady and the Tramp style.  My cousin, a Madison native, said she had never seen the place so busy.It was delicious regardless of the festivities and the left overs were divine.See you next time.
5	BEST Lao-Thai food I have ever had!Vientiane Palace looks like a seedy place from the outside, and inside is pretty divey, but that is what keeps this restaurant a good secret! I have never seen the restaurant full, so food comes extremely timely, and is great for take out.Yes, the food is pretty greasy. AND you always have to remind first timers that what they consider "mild" is another restaurant's "extra hot" - but people who love spice will find themselves challenged here for sure.I have never been to another Asian restaurant where the fried rice is to die for, so flavorful. Another favorite is the Singapore noodles, so yummy.The service is fine because it is never very busy, however unless you are a regular, don't expect anyone to be too friendly. But who cares, its the food you are there for.
4	Hands down, the best fried rice I have ever had. It actually has a flavor. My favorite is the Vientienne Fried Rice with shrimp. Other favorites are Singapore noodles with chicken and the curried squash. Major Yum!
2	After trusting many other reviews I was sourly disappointed.  I am into checking out dives because that's where the best food is at.  But this place was dive-y just to be dive-y and the food was nothing special.  I also went on others suggestions of getting the fried rice.  But it was not the best fried rice I've ever had.  I'm pretty easy to please in regards to food, except when I've made better in my own kitchen and I am not a cook.   major booooooooo
5	Absolute hole in the wall serving extremely delicious Laotian-Thai food! Scary interior, dirty water glasses, poor service, but food to die for! Try their eggplant and squash curries. BTW, the food is pretty spicy, so watch out.
4	I always order for delivery from this place on a cold winter night when I'm swamped with assignments and too cold to step out.  Their spicy noodles is a very good "hot mug of milk" before bedtime.
5	Love this place! I get the Singapore noodles with chicken every time. I love that you can pick you spiciness level.Place looks like an old laundromat from the outside, and is extremely tacky inside, but that just adds to its greatness in this case!Service is not great either, but the food is too good!Also always room for groups.
2	Decent fare. Spicy level was disappointing.
3	I used to go to this place all the time when I was a student at UW-Madison. Food was awesome and in huge portions. I recently revisited this place when I was in Madtown again and I am sad to feel the need to downgrade my experience...Environment wise, it's the same old - dark, not very clean and kinda smelly (mainly the mixture of foods). Service was also just like usual: because it's family owned and run, the kids help out a lot and therefore you may not get your water filled as frequently (or get your own water jug fast enough).The appetizer fried tofu we had was a let-down. While four wedges for $2 wasn't bad, the tofu was particular sour and the oil that it was fried in was obviously "old" oil that was being used over and over again. Maybe the stuffed fried tofu would have been better, i don't know.We had pad thai and the spicy plate. I feel like the pad thai was merely a smash of noodles, very little to none meat and bean sprout, and lots of sriracha sauce and potentially ketchup. It was also too moist to my tastes and for some reason they didn't have peanuts in it any more, taking away a layer of texture and flavors. The spicy plate was better on the other hand, although the medium to hot spicy level was not spicy enough. There were a lot of onions and not enough of other ingredients that made me want the dish such as Lao zucchini. There were lots of flavors in that dish including the coconut sauce but the different flavors were not blended very well so some abruptly overpowered the others at one bite or another... Overall I'd recommend this place to anyone who loves Thai/Viet/Lao food in Madison. You can't beat the price and location (right off of State St) and there are a lot of dishes you can explore around in this dive-y restaurant. I hope they can keep up with the food quality because it's rare that they haven't been raising prices and downsizing food portions.
3	I was brought to this restaurant by a friend who lives in Madison, and this was my first time eating this type of food, so I was excited.  When we went in we were handed menus and were able to pick our own table since there were only two only tables at the time.  It is a quiet and easy going kind of place.  Our server, who I also think is the owner, brought us water and gave us a few minutes to order.  We ordered vegetarian Spring rolls for an appetizer and we both ordered the Pad Thai with two stars (for spiciness).  The Spring rolls were okay, they were not what I had pictured in my mind.  These rolls were bean sprouts with cabbage and lettuce wrapped up in rice paper served with a sweet and spicy dipping sauce.  The Pad Thai came out soon after and it was a very large portion!  We also split a bowl of white rice.  Never having had Pad Thai before I really liked it!  Two stars were plenty hot enough for me as well.  Overall, I ate good food and enjoyed looking around the place.  I might go here again if someone had their heart set on it, but I am probably going to try a few other places in town before I come back to this one.
4	Good for me 3 or 4 starsHusband rates this 4 or 5 starsAveraging 4 StarsWe ordered a couple curry dishes, rice, and spring rollsWe requested that everything be medium hot and asked for a side container of their hot chili sauce.  Which the lady said,  :Oh yes, that's a good idea."We also ordered the iced coffee...FABULOUS!!
2	Reviews for this place were really mixed so I thought I'd take a chance. Don't think I'll be back.Vientiane Palace bills itself as "Lao-Thai food" so the menu is different from your standard Thai restaurant, which makes it interesting. If you go here for a greasy gut-bomb guilty pleasure, you might be happy. But I like my vegetables fresh and well seasoned, not drowning in oil. (Seriously, I think I might have heard them crying out for help.)I asked to get my food spicy (3 out of 4 stars on their scale) and it was decently spicy but I bet I could have withstood the "extra hot" ... If you like heat, go for the 4 stars. On the other hand, you could also do this at home: I tend to suspect that the reviewer was right who claimed this restaurant achieves its spice level by adding more siriracha sauce.Portions also weren't great for the price. $22 for two entrees. Our "half chili duck" was actually delicious... Greasy but well flavored... However, the container was at least half bones. Our other dish, curry squash with chicken, had hardly any chicken.Onward in my quest for excellent Thai food in Madison.
4	Best for takeout... Service has never been stellar for sure but I am in LOVE with their Vientiane Fried Rice w/Tofu... IMHO the best fried rice in town. Great hangover medicine... large portions and they aren't kidding about their spiciness yowza!
4	I love this place!  It's been 6 years since I lived in Madison and I still make the drive from Milwaukee just to eat here. Go for the Bean-Thread Noodle and the Lao Noodle Kee Mow.  I used to do the 3 in degrees of hotness but I go for the 2 now. I  still pay for it the next day ...but it's freaking worth it!
2	Meh. I've experienced better.So disclaimer: I just recently got into Thai food. I'm certainly no expert. But the curry here is really runny. The rice I got with my order was not impressive ... and that's rice. I will not be going here again.
4	Great Pad Thai. Spice level 1-5, haven't tried 5 just yet. I had chicken and Jennifer had Tofu. The place was an old gas station so there is parking in the front. Inside atmosphere is ok. It's al about the food, though.
3	Tried out Vientiane for lunch...many menu options, reasonable prices, and huge portions. They had about five lunch specials that were only $6-7. We tried the Pad Thai with tofu, which was pretty good. We also had the daily curry special with tofu, which was very tasty. The spring rolls were ok...nothing to write home about.Service is definitely not their strong point. Don't expect a cheery greeting when you walk in. After waiting for the check for about 10 minutes, we finally realized that your bill is waiting for you at the counter, where you pay and ask for take-out boxes. Overall, decent thai food.
2	Went here for lunch on Monday - arrived around 11:30am and were one of two tables in the entire place. Despite opening at 11:00am, the overhead lights were still off - they turned them on as we sat down.The hostess/waitress/cashier lady didn't greet us; she handed us two sets of menus and grunted something about sitting wherever we wanted to.  We grabbed a table (which was sticky in spots) and browsed the menu.After a brief wait, the same lady stopped by to drop off water glasses and to take our order: spring rolls (with meat), tofu Pad Thai, and Tofu curry (with potatoes, onion, and coconut milk). The spring rolls arrived; I'm guessing they had been pre-made some time ahead. They were ice cold and nearly glued to one another. The lettuce was brown on the edges. As I grabbed for the hot sauce, I noticed the spoon was filthy and sticky. The same held true for the soy sauce vessel. Hmmm....The Pad Thai had an awesome texture and a great flavor - I really enjoyed it. The curry was tasty - light on spice despite ordering 3-stars, but good.We waited a long, long time for a check. After watching another table walk up to the front cash register and then hunt down the absent hostess/waitress/cashier, we walked-up to pay and to get some to-go containers (the portions were massive). We got a grunt or two from the woman; nothing much else.So... Vientiane = MEHFood = 3 stars (entrees were good; spring rolls were sub-par)Service = 1 starValue = 3 stars (lunch specials were a bargain)MISC = 1 star (dirty, rundown inside)Madison is hurting for good Thai places... this one has some potential, but needs to improve in some key areas.
4	This place is definitely a dive, but in a charming family-run way, and they know what "vegan" means (e.g. no fish sauce). The vegetables in my spicy red curry seemed fresh, and the dish was delicious. What else? They give you tons of rice. Water tasted a little funny, but I might just be used to Chicago's tapwater. To be safe, get a beer instead.
4	The lady who took our order was nice and accommodating.  She greeted us kindly and pulled tables together to accommodate our party.  We ordered pho, but I believe they call it rice stick soup,  it tasted good but not great enough to warrant another return visit.  The portion was small and not adequate.  We also ordered pad Lao and it was a unique taste but probably not cooked long enough as the noodles were still hard.  The other noodle dish seems to just taste like plain noodles and pepper.If you like your food with a little kick, be sure to order it on a "medium" level.  WARNING: if you're used to eating food extra extra spicy, then order it on a "hot" level.  I'm afraid to find out what their "extra hot" level is.Overall, I give the food and service a 4 out of 5 star.  If you're an avid fan of Asian cuisine I would say this us a safe bet to eat.  If you're looking for a restaurant that has a signature dish, I don't think this is the place to find one.
2	Terrible service, the food was okay. Restaurant was empty but we had to wait 20 minutes for the waiter to come and give us food. We were literally the only customers.
1	So sad! This used to be one of my fave places. Over the last 10 years I've barely ever make my trip there anymore because I am steadily disappointed in the quality if food! Meat is spoiled or scarce, spring roll filling probably a week old.. So sad because they literally have the best pad thai and curry squash on a good day. Today I was craving bean thread noodle so I thought I would given them a chance again.., once again skimped on meat, rice is old and yellow (how can you not make fresh rice everyday?) , and they seem to think spicy means throwing in a shit load of crushed red pepper which adds no flavor or spice just stomache irritation,. I'm so sad to say, after over 10 years this my last straw. Sad because there's so much potential if they took the time to deliver the quality.
2	Much like the other posters have asserted, the service here is atrocious. The owner truly does seem like you are bothering her by entering the restaurant. That has no bearing on my rating though, as I am purely reviewing the food/value. I was very disappointed in the entrees and the prices. $10+ for bland pad thai and curries? Really? Add three or four shrimp for $2 more. What a deal. The spice level was typical of Americanized asian restaurants. I was expecting more authentic heat based on previous reviewers but 4 stars was very mediocre. So if you like spicy, either go elsewhere or request additional heat to the four stars. Pad thai noodles were mainly starch. Little meat or vegetables. Pad lao was akin to the pad thai-- and the squash/coconut curries lacked flavor and protein. I should have expected such based on previous reviews, but I had to try it for myself. Won't be back.
2	Just....not great.The interior looks like it was done in 1980 and not touched since. They haven't even replaced the burned out light bulbs. The waitress said exactly the number of words she was required to say to us and not a single one more.I ordered "Curry Dishes," described as potatoes, onions, coconut milk, spices. I was expecting it to be just like any other southeast Asian yellow curry dish I've had. The reality was very different - brown sauce with a smoky flavor, it was more like what I expect at a Chinese restaurant. My husband ordered the squash curry, which was also brown, very spicy and nothing like other squash curries I've had. Though I love that the squash was roasted.Now, I can't pretend to speak to the authenticity of the food, but I can definitely say that these two dishes were nothing like those served in every other Lao/Thai/Vietnamese place in town. While fairly tasty, they were greasy and lacking the complex flavor of spices I expected.
1	Don't bother with this place. This is greasy diner food that can barely be classified as thai. If you are Asian or know what the real thing tastes like, go someplace else. I asked for three stars and the food had no spice. Got a vegetarian dish with tofu, but I had to poke around in the sauce to find any tofu. The waitress or owner who served us had an attitude. Maybe because I had a service dog with me? She exuded unfriendliness, barely spoke to us, put our food on the table and pretty much ignored us after that, except to bring the check when we got tired of waiting for her to appear with it and got up to leave.
3	The atmosphere was pleasant, low key but clean and sunny, with potted plants everywhere. The waitress was very attentive and pleasant. But I regret to say I had to send my curried squash back, it was very over salted and the squash was grossly soft and weird tasting. I asked for a fresh spring roll instead, and was disappointed that it didn't have basil inside, just lettuce, cucumbers and sprouts. My partner got the pho soup and was very happy with it.
