4	The coffee here is great, and the atmosphere is the closest thing I've found to a Sydney cafe on my side of the MTL.They don't server much more than (good) pastries and sandwiches to eat, but what more do you want with your (great) coffee? If you answered "nothing" then you are correct. If you answered something else, get out of my review already.Are you around Marche Atwater? Looking for good coffee? Stop reading this review, and go there now. Seriously. This review will still be here, and it'll be better if you read it with a coffee.For the nerds (like me): Has good wifi.
4	I've been here a couple of times with friends for coffee and a pastry. The coffee is very good, and the ambiance is real Montreal. Friendly owners and locals hanging out and enjoying life. A definite must stop for a coffee in St. Henri, much better coffee than the big box store down the street.
4	Nice coffee, euro style, good atmosphere.I usually order an americano at this joint, they ask if you'd like milk and sugar and add it for you (hence the euro style coffee).
4	Love, love love  Lili and Oli.... what is great about Notre Dame street is you can walk down and get three amazing coffee experiences in less then 30 minutes. Lili and Oli has great ambiance and is the quintessential neighborhood coffee shop around the corner. Great coffee and nice people. If you like getting work done do not go on weekends between all the screaming children it can be hard to concentrate. PS BRING CASH!
5	After leaving Westmount a few years back I moved to Point St. Charles, figuring the chances of getting a coffee in this neck of the woods being slim to none. One blustery Sunday in February I needed to go to the hardware store -- it wasn't open and I had to kill an hour.Through a dark window I spied an espresso machine, and figured anything was better than being cold. I stepped in ordered a cappucino and have been back hundreds of times since.Patrick and the boys do a great job, I think its the best coffee south of Cafe Italia. Great pastries and the lemon tart is to die for.
2	OK coffee if you're in the area but nothing special compared with the slew of great third wave coffee shops that have opened in mtl the past few years...there is one just up the street! I do enjoy the cozy space and rustic decor, plus a nice little terrace out back, however I find the coffee just average. They're using a fairly dark roasted espresso which tends to produce smoky, slightly bitter bar drinks that can be a little overwhelming to drink black (maybe that's why they offer to add sugar and milk to everything?). I have also found the barista to be very short with me each and every time I have been in. Pretty average questions about drinks-how many shots? what size? etc. have all been met with attitude. I'd like to give the guy the benefit of the doubt but it's happened on multiple occasions. No worries though, I probably won't be back.
5	I love Lili and Oli, especially their iced coffee..... and of course their espresso, particularly their lattes and mocha.... you get the idea! Not only do they have a great warm feeling when you walk inside, they also have a small little area to sit out back, and makes you feel right at home.If you haven't been, go and love it too.
5	by far the best coffee I had in Montreal.  Nice atmosphere and the guys there are super nice.  Free wi-fi as well.
4	If you're in the hood and looking for a nice coffe shop, skip the big names nearby and pay Lili & Oli a visit! The rustic setting, friendly staff and beautiful little back patio will make any day a cozy day.
5	This place was recommended  by a new Montreal friend what a good score.  So nice to have a cappuccino that did not taste like the usual burnt favor.  The espresso was rich and the milk was not over processed.  The guys behind the counter were fast and very nice too.   The place is like someones living room you can just kick back and enjoy your drink or head back out to the street.  Will be going back on my next trip.
4	Cozy, albeit small and cramped (the terasse is an alternative for seats when the weather permits), but the deco is lovely and so are the espressos. It is situated on a nice street and the banana chocolate bread is quite good. It is worth a visit when in the area, and there's also a great little shop with organic products nearby.
3	I like the atmosphere here, for sure, when it's not too crowded. The decor is cozy, cream colours and lots of dark wood trim, high ceilings, nice bits of vintage signs, lights, chairs to sooth my soul, and the lighting is nice for reading but not overbright. And the baked goods, like the carrot cake with it's thick cream cheese icing on the inside, are sweetly satisfying and comfort foody. A good Montreal cafe needs to deal with the fact that the city is often cold and dark and it's people need quality comforting and Lili & Oli does this well on most fronts. On a recent trip the service was a bit slow and surly, and the espresso shot was bitter and perhaps a bit burnt, or maybe that's just the beans they were using that day? And maybe they were stressing the crowds and line ups? It's a great cafe option in the area, but not always my favourite somehow.
4	Was only there of a quick in and out, so I won't comment too much on the details. It did seem quite cozy (it's a bit of a tight space though), and I recall a few dog's at floor level - so that makes it dog friendly - I guess. I have to say the real reason I am writing this is because I am still craving more of their tasty banana bread - perhaps it's because of the chocolate chips (my Mom put them in too).
4	Great summer stop for velo-friendly java. Use the back door and informal patio. Americano was very tasty too.
4	VIBE Honestly, my dream cafe. And yes, one minus point for not being able to get an ideal seat. I ended up sitting on the couch and wiling the afternoon away. The clientele here is as friendly as the barista (that might be on a non-busy day). The best part? Dogs everywhere! It's like Korea! I love love love the decor details on the wall. I DRANKThe cappuccino is as good as the chai. But no cinnamon for the chai? Come on! I never get an actual coffee unless I trust the reputation of the place and these guys do it well. I didn't try their banana bread but next time. Same thing with their patio, which must rock in the summer. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Round of applause. Such a great vibe.
5	One of my favourite study spots. Free wifi and a TV in the corner, always on TSN for short study breaks. Casual relaxed atmosphere and great coffee and espresso. They offer soy or almond milk if you prefer. (Not all places offer in MTL almond milk). The baristas are friendly, as are the prices. They now offer sandwiches and salads along with the usual muffins, croissants and cakes. (And gluten free cookies from a local bakery). The salads are prepared daily courtesy of Le Kitchen, a great vegan gluten free spot down the street.
5	Nice Atmosphere,Staff super friendly, high speed wi-fi..Cool for doing some work,,just awesome
3	Lovely neighborhood, cozy atmosphere. Crowded with people! But i found the coffee is a bit bitter for me. Anyways, it's a nice and warm place for everybody
4	Best cafe latte I've had. You can even request a heart shape design in your cup for ur partner. I found the staff to be super friendly.  Found it a little too crowded and compact for my liking but once I sat down and started having my coffee it didn't feel so bad. It is cash only!!
