4	I like OLD NAVY. The jeans fit well and they are priced just right. Especially, when they are on sale. Great selection of shorts. I made a mistake buying merchandise in California one time. What was I thinking??? The sales tax is 10.5 % DUH!!!!  All the stores carry and sell the same SH*T. What a dunce? Good clothes...good price.
4	This is another must stop & shop when I visit Town Square. I usually find quite a bit of stuff here for my toddler since the clothes are so cute!I love Old Navy tank tops & flip flops. I have been lucky to hit the crazy sales for both of those items..its usually hella packed for those events.The sales people have always been helpful as well.
4	Reliable store to find jeans that fit (one of my biggest fashion problems- example, for a pair that fits, I have to try on about ten pairs of jeans, no lie, ask my husband, he will attest to it). I don't buy something here all the time, but it's a good store to find basics. It isn't too crazy in here, in terms of crowds, either. This means, that most items are in the right place, and not many clothes end up on the floor in a huge mess (hate that). Not too big of a clearance section, but like I said, it's pretty organized. Bathrooms are near the clearance section. Also worth mentioning, has fitted NFL tees for women near the athletic wear section (yoga pants, shorts, tanks, jackets, vests).
4	Old Navy is one of those stores you know you can get the basics at.  I go here for polos and khakis.  Perfect for work.   Can't go wrong with the prices and I'm pretty sure they're always having some kind of sale!   Really good location in Town Square too!
4	Pretty good size Old Navy in Town Square. It's usually well-stocked, have friendly associates ready to answer questions and they keep the store organized and clean. All things I'm looking for in a retail experience. I almost always start with the clearance rack. They typically have lots of great choices there. On this particular occasion, there wasn't a lot to choose from, so I ended up perusing their regular racks. I was able to get quite a few items for a great price. So I left happy. This is probably my favorite Old Navy in town.
3	Old Navy is one of those shops that I can go for a long period of time without finding anything I like and then I will find some pieces to supplement my wardrobe with. Although I prefer their sister companies, they provide inexpensive casual items. I am not particularly impressed with their sales or clearance since they tend to be steep for the quality and slim pickings. The staff are helpful and approach often in case you are lost or need to find something quickly. I was approached three different times while browsing. On most visits, I leave empty handed. Today, I was successful in finding a pair of shorts. Now if only Vegas weather would make up it's mind...
2	the prices are reasonable and there is a variety of selection for casual clothing the only thing that bring down this review was the fact that since I got in the store until I pay for my clothes no one approach to welcome or help ( that could be because they were busy, maybe) then when I got to the cashier no one said here I can help you or anything I stand in front of a guy name JEROME or JEROMED and he kept telling one of his coworkers how much he hate to see people walking around with "this and that " once he finish then he look at me and let me pay for my items , he ask for ID and then proceed . It is sad to know how some people care really little about how they act and talk at work or the jobitself . I may be back to tho store but it sure won't be my first option.ps; other stores could be more pice but there service is worth it
4	Ok not the best lay out or selection, but they do have great prices, plus they have an app, and if you use it you can win a discount. They do make very basic clothes, such as Oxford shirts (they are hard to find anywhere else.). I should also mention the sales that they have are significant. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Being new to Albuquerque I have been doing some exploring.  I was on the 40 and had noticed this Old Navy location.  I made a mental note and planned on visiting because I need a pair jeans and maybe a shirt.  Most of my wardrobe consists of business casual attire.  Which is funny because if you have every worked a fast food gig before you remember saying how much you hate the monkey suit they gave you to wear.  At least that's how I felt when I was a teenager.  Well, fast forward to the future and if you work in an office you are back to that "monkey suit."  It's a just a more sophisticated uniform.  I may have gone a little off there.  Let me reel myself in to why I went to Old Navy.  I wanted to check the place out because Old Navy is everywhere and there stuff is the same all over the United States.  As I walked in I was greeted by the associates.  When I approached the men's section I had to check my calendar because this place looked like the day after thanksgiving.  The selection was limited, granted it was a Sunday afternoon when I went.  I looked around for a few minutes because that's all it took.  There was no merchandise.  I saw about 250 hooded zipper sweatshirts.  I think maybe they had a big shipment or this jacket isn't very popular with the Albuquerque crowd.  I need to try and go again.  I may see a better selection before the weekend.  Old Navy does have some great prices on their clothing. So if you are in the area go check it out.  If there is no merchandise in the store, don't panic they didn't have a robbery!  Cheers!
4	Being one of the largest and busiest ON's in town, I was super disappointed that they don't have a maternity section. Also trying to find anything in an xl is hard. I do give them credit for being one of the cleanest and most organzied ON's I have seen though. They did let me know that the Sunset and Stephanie location carried maternity (which is a seperate review and they might as well not even have a maternity section...)
4	How can you not like Old Navy? They sell quality clothing at affordable prices for the whole family. This location is no exception and I've found it to be far less shopped and thus neater than other Old Navy stores in the valley...perhaps they have associates actually straightening throughout the day as I've seen on multiple occassions. Because the store is neat, easy to shop and far less hectic/crowded than other locations, I always find what I'm looking for, but sometimes I just stop in while at Town Square to look at their clearance, as well as see if anything is on sale/promo. Near the middle or end of a season you may find a lot of good deals as they attempt to clear inventory. The staff here is always friendly, both on the sales floor and at the registers, where the lines are never too bad.
4	With already cheap prices, there are ALWAYS discounts and promotions offered online and/or in stores. If you have a Gap Brands Inc. - Banana Republic, GAP, Old Navy - credit card, you receive even more discounts like 10% off on Tuesdays (some promotions will be store credit card specific). Since I have an Old Navy CC, I'm constantly receiving emails and mailers for 30-40% off purchases. Recently, they've been running a "Super Cash" promotion where you receive a certain amount of money off your next purchase of X amount (for example, $10 off your $25 purchase). They do several promotions that are online only, so it's worthwhile to check out their website periodically for additional discounts and styles not sold in stores. Standard shipping (7-10 business days) is always free on your purchase of $50 or more.Their product quality is just okay. "Hit or miss" is probably the best way to describe Old Navy. There are times I can't find a single item to purchase and sometimes will be the exact opposite. The life span can be limited, but I've also been fortunate to find pieces that stay in my closet for a while. I usually inspect the items and decide whether it's worth buying.The primary reason I shop at Old Navy is for the prices, but it's also for the fit and availability of current styles. I just wish everything was more consistent! Although a lot of the pieces and styles fit me well, it really does depend on each item. For sizes, I'm all over the board. Although, I love the fact that they offer tall sizes online! Being taller and having longer limbs makes it really hard to shop anywhere.I visit this location because of its vicinity to my house and overall convenience. I do like that it's usually pretty clean and not too busy. The associates are usually really nice and sometimes helpful. However, I don't enlist in their help often because I know they keep most of their product on the floor and I know my way around the store.
4	I've been shopping at Old Navy since I was in high school. My choice in clothing has changed, but I can trust that ON will have what I am looking for. I've always loved their 2 for $5 flip flops. You can buy all the colors and throw them away once summer is over. At only $2.50 per pair, you won't feel guilty throwing them away once they are worn out. I also love their tank tops. So many colors and they are versatile throughout the year. Their workout clothes are comfortable and affordable. I don't believe in buying expensive gym clothes, so their workout wear is reasonable. I've gotten a few workout leggings on clearance for about $10 each. I'm not going to go on and on about every single thing they have, but I will continue to shop here for the basics in my closet.
3	I shop @ ON about twice a year. Once in the winter for jackets, sweaters, warm pjs, and jeans. Then again in the spring for dresses, and cardigans. The tame color scheme has never really appealed to me, but its a good place to get some basics or staple pieces for your wardrobe. This location is always clean and well organized. The employees are friendly and helpful. I am usually asked a few times during my visits if I need assistance. If I do need help, they are eager to try and find what you need.
5	Old Navy is a great inexpensive place to shop for clothing for everyone in the family. $1 beanies! I mean come on, you can't beat that. It's not Gucci or anything but it's still decent clothing.
