4	Not your typical run-off-the-mill pizza place. Ennio's delivers very high quality authentic italian food, even for a reasonable price.The decor is coze, maybe a little dated. But it suits the atmosphere. Service is friendly and fast. Portions could be a little bigger. But they make up for it double in quality and freshness.Arguably the best italian food in the area.The pasta's were fresh, moist and well cooked. The pizza's were heaping with fresh ingredients, and not dripping with grease. I'll be up for Ennio's any day!
1	I heard from multiple sources that Ennio's is one of the best restaurants in waterloo. If this is the best, I'm very disappointed. I the pasta was far from Al dente, the sauces lacked zing and the amabiance felt like a dark pub rather than a fine italian restaurant. I don't even think they make fresh pasta, it felt like dried pasta to me.I don't recommend.
4	The in-laws took me to Ennio's as a special treat, and it was much better than expected. As an Italian food snob who tends to want the food to taste as reminiscent as past trips to Italy as possible, the place definitely wasn't ideal - but it certainly was delicious. First off, the interior leaves a LOT to be desired, and reminded me of a restaurant from the 80s - definitely could be renovated to be a lot more like an Italian restaurant. Other downsides: Prices are steep, and that's me comparing to not only other restaurants in Waterloo, but also Seattle (my hometown), which tends to be pricy in general - $20+ for chicken parmesan is pretty intense. Also, the dinner salad included with the meal was pretty weak (iceberg lettuce, some red onion). The dressing was good, though.But you know what? The food was good. Not 'reminds me of Italy' good, but solid, enjoyable fare. My chicken parmesan was really damn tasty, even though it was only one (massive) chicken breast. The pasta was perfectly al dente and the marinara was much tastier than I anticipated. Also awesome is you have an option of getting whole wheat OR rice noodles if you have dietary needs. So is it a perfect italian restaurant? Definitely not. But I'd go to Ennio's again for sure.
5	When I want Italian food, I go to Ennio's.I worked at a hotel for a while, and I sent several guests to Ennio's and they all came back with full stomachs and ample thanks for the recommendation.Cute decor (fireplace seats are the best), fantastic food, and friendly service.  I cannot desire more from a restaurant.  Try the pazzo bread and any of their pastas or pizzas.
5	Fantasic Italian based cuisine. Expensive for students but won't break the bank for special occasion or treats.
4	If you are used to East Side Marios you will be pleasantly surprised.Very authentic and flavourful food. I've been there a few times with friends and it has a very nice atmosphere conducive to relaxed dining but avoids being a dive. It's not as classy as you would find in many fine pasta restaurants in other cities, but you can get away with a casual presentation there and still feel comfortable.Their bruschetta is very good and many of their pasta dishes are delicious. The desserts are also quite nice. A full meal will be costly so, if you're budget conscious, you might want to save this for a special occasion.There are other restaurants in town that are similarly priced with much better food if you're willing to move outside of western European cuisine, but Italian doesn't get much better in Waterloo than Ennio's.
4	fairly decent italian restaurant.  food itself good, but not sure if it's good enough to justify their prices.  wild mushroom pizza was interesting.  cozy yet boring decore.
4	Ennio's is great but it's what you'd find at a regular pasta house. Although it may not serve to all you foodies out there, it's definitely still a good place to try.
4	THE FOOD: 5 stars--Very fresh pasta/spaghetti. Got the Primavera pasta (yay for chicken included!) and Lasagna. Foresta pizza had great flavor.THE PRICE: 3 stars--Prices are comparable to Olive Garden's. Although there's less free soup/salad, the entrees are much better quality and less saucy. However, the taxes in this area are steeper than I'm used to, and also the waitress neglected to inform us of the extra charge on the Caesar salad (only the Italian salad comes with the pasta) and the "blush" sauce (combination of Alfredo and marinara sauce).THE SETTING: 4 stars--On the exterior you see a shabby brick building with boarded up windows. Thankfully, the interior is nicely decorated.THE SERVICE: 4 stars--I liked our hostess and waitress, both were very nice and responsive.OVERALL: 4 stars--The food here is delicious. I think it tasted better the next day, if that's even possible. My only complaint is the prices and invisible extra charges.
3	I've enjoyed the veal and mushroom risotto. Overall, an enjoyable experience and I would come back. Interior could use an update, and it's usually busy.
2	Expensive and the food is very average.
3	Really kind of middlin', but two stars didn't seem like quite enough. Perhaps my standards are lower as the choices for italian in the tri-cities seems quite limited.
4	Walking by Morty's, we noticed the huge lineup (I mean, it was Wing Thursdays after all). Instead of waiting, we decided to go up north and try Ennio's, after getting that Italian pasta craving.The place was about 3/4 full when we arrived, and we were seated immediately in the high chairs. Drinks were served immediately, and service was overall excellent.Both my friend and I had the Frutta de Mare, though with different sauces (tomato vs. blush sauce). It comes with bread and Italian salad (which is regular house salad with vinaigrette). The bread was rather hard, but the vinaigrette sauce was quite good. Same with the salad and sauce. The pasta itself was presented very well, and tasted very well. The lobster, shrimp, and crab were delicious. The mussels were good, although a couple had a little bit of sand in it still.Overall I was satisfied with the whole dinner, and so was my friend. I will come back to try some other pastas.
4	As you walk in to Ennio's, you are greeted by a great mature atmosphere as well as a warm front of house. The wait is usually not long and seats are available almost right away. I ordered the calamari for appetizer and Spaghetti A'Matricianna for entre. My gf had the Bambino pizza. The calamari was slightly greasy but nicely flavoured. My spaghetti was delicious, but a bit heavy on the sauce. The bambino pizza was apparently quite delicious.Overall a very pleasant experience
4	Great pasta, but you need to go when it's busy and the good chef is there, otherwise the food is just average.
3	Very good at creating vegetarian items
4	Ennios is one of my favourite restaurants for mid-priced food that is much better quality than a large chain restaurant. The atmosphere is classy without being too stuffy, and service is consistent. My favourite dish is the gnocchi with browned butter sauce and Romano cheese, which is a lovely option for those with more plain tastes. The menu has a very wide selection of pasta, pizza, and meat dishes, so there is something for everyone. There is complementary bread offered to the table, and there is a delicious pesto and balsamic vinegar to go with it. I have returned to the restaurant many times and always been pleased.
4	My girlfriend told me we had to try this place. I thought the food was very good, although I enjoyed her entre more than my own. I think of it as a middle to upscale restaurant and it's good for families or for going on a date depending on time of day.. I would come here again.
4	I came here with my significant other for dinner and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere of this place is, like other yelpers have said, very mature - its dim like a bar and well decorated. In fact, I'd say this is the perfect place for a romantic evening with your date. The food was spectacular - I forgot which penne I ordered, but it was very creamy, hot, and well done. It came with bread and a salad, both of which were excellent quality. One thing that bothered me about this place was the lack of service. Our server took our orders promptly and our food came as soon as we finished our appetizers, but it was difficult waving down our person for a refill of water or the bill. We waited almost 15 minutes before we could wave down the waitress, which I thought was quite ridiculous. Its not exactly cheap at this place either. Nevertheless, I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Italian restaurant in Waterloo.
5	Beautiful family Italian restaurant. From the moment you walk in you are delighted with a pleasant, quaint and friendly atmosphere. The tables inside are spacious and well spread out but if you are going in the summer months I would highly recommend their patio!  If you are wise enough to chose a seat outside I'm assuming I won't have to tell you to order one of their delicious drinks. My wife always gets the strawberry daiquiri and raves about it.If your looking for an authentic ante pesto try the pazzo bread it is to die for! (We order it every single time)Outstanding service and impeccable food taste is what makes this place one of our personal favourites we reserve for all occasions in the Kitchener / Waterloo area
4	I really liked this place!  I ordered the carbonara and really enjoyed it although it was a bit on the salty side (must have been all that bacon). All the pasta dishes also come with a small side salad and bread and oil to dip.  I loved the bread and oil.Good service and nice family restaurant.I was here on business and would come back the next time I'm in town.
