5	Really gays? What has happened to us? We've become so serious. So mainstream. So. Oh dear. How do I say this...so, so heterosexual! GASP! Strollers. Parents. Pets. Lacoste shirts. Topsiders. Soccer moms. Soccer dads. And in my best Sarah Palin voice, "Joe 6 packs". Just normal folks don't ya know. You betcha. Where are the inappropriately dressed men in Speedos, glitter and nipple tassels? Dykes on bikes? Minors tripping on E? What has happened to our luster people? Have we become....um, boring? Well, I"m not sure. But the Rainbows Festival is darn fun. A small town feel, in a lovely urban setting, filled with the usual food vendors, t-shirts booths and local organizations hawking their wares and services. But overall, the genuine feeling of fun, love and celebration permeated this event. Lots of smiles, hugs and waves. And yes, lots of families of all types. And, really, that is what it's all about right. We noshed on turkey legs, tacos and swilled Bud and fruity vodka drinks. Ten bucks to park, but free to get in. How cute and small town is that? Well, not the parking maybe. But who doesn't love a free party? Rickie and I had a blast and at the end of our Rainbow, we found a bag full of condoms, lube and free minutes for a gay sex site. Ahhh, my people! Girls and gays just wanna have fun! See ya next year. And don't forget the nipple clamps!
4	Good time had all around. As far as rainbow festivals go it was quaint and small, but great vibes from all that attended and a nice selection of local vendors showing their support.
5	Seemed very tame this year, but it's kinda nice to not walk into a festival/pride event without overextending my jaw tendons for the next six months.  The drinks were good tho.It was very family-like, which is great.  It's the "real" gays and lesbians out there.  The ones that stay away from pride events usually.It was nice.The only sad thing was that I stopped at the Human Rights Campaign booth and they told me about the lack of funds to go against Prop 102.That was the most depressing part of the whole thing.
5	I enjoy this "Phoenix Pride 2" annual event. It doesn't cover as much space and isn't quite as grand as Pride in April does. However, that's the point of this venue. It is designed to be a toned-down version of Phoenix Pride, doesn't have a parade and has more of a Main Street USA feeling. It's a street fair that fills Heritage Square the first weekend of October, making it a second injection of gay events after the summer heat passes. Pride takes place at Steele Indian Park and has more of a sequestered feeling, but the Rainbows Festival has a more street-fair-feeling as it is surrounded by Downtown Phoenix rather than grassy knolls and plains. It feels more inviting as there are entrances to the fair on multiple sides. Because it's in a part of Downtown Phoenix in which historic relics survived demolition, it has more of a small town atmosphere, which relays more of a community feeling amongst queer folk than anonymity and parties. This allows the Rainbows Festival to convey a consensual feeling of commonality and unity, providing people with a shared culture and civic space. Go to the fair expecting it to be more intimate, but do not go with the mindset that it will be at Pride's scale.
4	A smaller version of the Pride Festival, Rainbows is a good way to introduce someone who has never attended a Pride event before. I find it interesting that a previous reviewer took issue with the "strollers, walkers and kids" and called the gays "mainstream" and "boring." It's unfortunate that someone from our community would actually begrudge others in the community the chance to show off their families in a safe and (supposedly) accepting place. Yes, there are kids. There are dogs. There are babies. There are families. It's a very family friendly event, and not as overwhelming as the big Pride Festival in April. There's entertainment by local drag queens and drag kings, dancers, singers and DJs. There are informational booths and food booths. And, unlike Pride in April, you can actually bring your dog with you to Rainbows. So pack up the kids, the strollers, the diaper bags and the family dog and get down to Rainbows Festival and celebrate your fabulocity!
