4	Has a wide range washer sizes, from single loads to 5x loads.  Price-wise it's comparable or slightly cheaper than most apartment laundry rooms.  There were times when the machines malfunctioned and ate our coins, but we simply talked to the attendants and they puts coins in a different machines for us to use.  Nothing really to complain about.
3	Sometimes I have to hit the laundry mat to wash stuff that I can't do at home.  Today was one of those days.  I was doing some cleaning and realized my comforter was in dire need of being washed.  There was NO WAY I could have washed this in the washers here at my apartment.  So, off to the laundry mat I went.The one thing I like about this place is that its coin operated.  Having gone to a few other laundry mats out here for bulk washing, I've noticed that some have these stupid cards instead of coins.  Well, I dont like them because I go so infrequently, that I end up forgetting which card goes to which laundry mat.  (I usually go to the mat about 2 times a year to wash blankets...today it was my comforter.)  So, bonus points for that!They also have a change converter for bills as well.  No need to scrape in the bottom of your purse for quarters!!  Just bring some bills and your all set.  If you forget your laundry supplies, or run out, they have stuff here for you to buy!  Yippie!  Theres also an attendant here as well to help you if you should need it.The prices here are also great!  They also have a nice selection of washers to choose from.  They even had one that held 5 loads!! I used that one and it only cost me $4.75 to use.  it was HUGE! I stuffed my queen sized comforter in it and it only took up like half the drum it was that big.  wooohooo!The place was clean and decent. I felt comfortable here and enjoyed the hour that I was there washing my comforter. They had flat screen TV's here also!!! On the down side?  There were a few washers and dryers that were out of order, and I wash there was more seating to sit down while your stuff washes and dries.Anyways, I will probably be back to this place, for future large loads.
3	the dryers kinda suck, 4 dry cycles for 2 pair of jeans and some shirts/socks? ridiculous.on the other hand, very clean. they have TVs, it's air conditioned and there are carts available.i probably won't do my laundry here again, but i may take advantage of their wash/dry/fold service for $.89/pound.
2	This place used to be 5 stars to me.  I used to come here in 2008 when I lived in Scottsdale.  Having just moved to Mesa with no laundry machines in my house I decided to come back.  Maybe today was an off day.  It seemed as if every machine was out of order or had an order ticket on it.  There weren't many people in there but one person had to wait for a washer to be available.  I understand that they also wash people's clothes for them but you would think they would have a handful of machines set aside for the business to use.  I'll give  it one more chance because I had such good experiences before.  Hopefully they won't let me down
