3	Not overly impressed.  I should have known it would be a zoo on Saturday afternoon.  Everything they  stock is in large quantities so they need lots of customers to turn stuff over.  Most of their prices are pretty good but they have a couple of high prices hidden in there like a bottle of wine that goes for around $6.50 at Walmart priced at almost $10.  A couple of things they do not stock that were on my list: medium sized noodles and garbanzo beans (not in bulk either).  The conveyors at the registers are still not working so checkout is more of a hassle than it needs to be.  I doubt if I will go often as it is not a place that is easy to slip in and get a few things and get out.
5	My boyfriend and I went for the first time yesterday.  Definitely will keep going, the bulk section is amazing, I couldn't believe my receipt on some of the things I got , much cheaper than buying already packaged.   It is a busy place and you will see why once you go, they really do have some great prices, their produce looked good, staff was friendly and helpful as well.   It is a big place, so I printed out the aisle list that Winco has on their site, so it made finding things much easier. There are still a few things that are the same price as other grocery stores, but over all we came out of there with tons of stuff that will last us quite awhile.  The bakery section is nice, we picked up some fresh bagels that are so moist and delicious.  They come in several different flavors which is nice.  The only bad thing I can say is that it is a busy place, we went on a saturday late morning, but not so bad you can't shop.   It reminds me of Costco on a weekend, kind of in a disarray and people going in every direction. :) Anyway, we thought it was well worth our pocketbook savings, I found some great deals on things we use frequently.
3	LOL, the new place for "People Of Walmart". It's a larger, cleaner version of Food City. Some strange characters shop there. Affordable though. Bag your own stuff.
3	It is no longer a problem getting a cart here they have hundreds of carts now BUT you might HAVE A PROBLEM depending where you park.I thought I had this great parking spot, first in row at the far left corner of the store but when I got just one row away from my car the wheels locked electronically and I couldn't move it no matter how I tried and it was stuck and stranded in the drive by area in front of the WinCo. I put away my bags and tried again to get the cart out of the street but I couldn't budge the cart again so I left it there. I didn't see any signs posted but when the wheels locked I suddenly did notice a yellow line on the ground with tiny pictures of carts with a slash threw them. At the moment produce, bulk, wild caught fish, dry food goods are fresh and low priced. The (approx) three pound beef tenderloins are very good and cost (approx) $6. lb. but they are very small sized and you need to trim them a little.I don't care for the deli because it's pre sliced and limited, the bakery doesn't impress me and non food items are very expensive. I don't like the boneless chicken breast because lots of water comes out of it when you cook it and it is hard to brown in a pan, it seems like water injected. Wine selection is similar to Walgreens and the liquor can be purchased after you shop.At the moment the foods I purchased are fresher than from my local Fry's or Safeway.I deleted my first WinCo review since I accidentally wrote it under the wrong store address. (both are Bell Rd)
2	I'm just not impressed enough to make shopping here a regular event.  The store is clean, layout is well organized, and the bulk section is interesting.  I do like the fact you can make your own peanut / almond butter.  However I am a big time hater of places not accepting credit cards!  I was also not blown away by the prices.  Sure some of the items I buy were anywhere from a dime or less cheaper, but some actually cost more then Fry's.  The big savings was in their off brand stuff.  However I don't care how much cheaper some stuff is, I will never buy certain things made in Mexico!  The quality is just too low.  All in all this place should be able to survive in the ultra competitive Metro Phoenix market, but they won't be a leader.  They are in the Walmart & Food for less boat.
3	Prices are definitely low.  Staff isn't too friendly though....and it was really crowded even at 1pm on a Monday!!! Produce guys were restocking and their push carts were really making it hard to get around.  Little too busy for me to want to go back.
3	All in all, its just another place to grocery shop. I will admit their bulk stuff is pretty decent and good prices. I won't go out of my way to drive to 59th and bell for this place but if im in the area, I will stop in to see whats on sale. It definitely has a cheap feel and look to it with lots of the stuff sitting on palates. Plus it brings an interesting crowd, especially at night. A mix between Walmart, Food City and K-MoMo...
4	I've seen a few negative reviews for Winco because of the lines and no carts, etc.  My wife and I started shopping here the weekend they opened, and it is indeed quite insane in there occasionally, and you may have to hunt for a cart in the parking lot.  It's only a mile from home, so that makes it convenient too.We used to make the rounds of Frys, Albertsons, Safeway, Fresh and Easy, Bashas and Sprouts every grovcery weekend to shop the sales and did pretty well.  Since Winco opened, we have knocked about $150 a month off our grocery bill.  The employees are pleasant, the quality is good, and it is INEXPENSIVE most of the time.  We still hit the competors for stuff that's cheaper (like milk) but do a lot here.
5	Winco is a great grocery store. I can get almost everything I need there.Here's their angle: They don't take credit cards (but debit is OK) and they don't hire people to bag (you just do it yourself). Then they take the savings and make their prices lower, and I don't see anything wrong with that.There's no pharmacy though, so there's still a need for me to go to the other stores. But they have awesome stuff there. Tons of things you can but in bulk by the pound (Candy, rice, dog food, snacks, nuts, coffee, honey, peanut butter, and more)And the $2 pre-made pizza crusts...amazing deal.
4	I briefly stopped through WinCo Foods this past weekend with the 'rents. They love this place. I am becoming a fan. I would have to describe it as a warehouse meets a normal grocery store meets Sprouts meets Food City. Warehouse because of it's size. Normal grocery store because of the products offered and product size. Sprouts because of the awesome bulk bins - Jelly Belly's in individual flavor bins, Gummy Bears, and well I pretty much didn't get past the candy but I hear they have granola and lot of other things. And finally Food City because of the prices. I was also able to fined E.L. Fudge cookies that I haven't been able to find anywhere else... so FYI if you like those, WinCo is the only place to get 'em. I like the whole baggin your own groceries! I am irritatingly particular about how I like my groceries bagged, that's why I am usually the A-hole at Fry's with 47 things in the self-checkout lane. Deal with it! It is a bit of a drive for me, but I think on the weekend I can spare the extra drops of gas to frequent this establishment.
3	WinCo is great for some people, not so great for others.  Here are the pros and cons as I see them:Pros:*low prices (especially on produce!)*great selection*bulk area (what choices!!!)*happy employeesCons:*looks like a warehouse*often a wait to check out *no organic produce*can't use a credit card (cash or debit is fine)I've shopped there four times, and each time I'm pleasantly surprised by the amount of my bill.  I like the fact that they have some different brands I don't see at other local stores.  However, I do need to supplement my grocery shopping down the street at Sprouts, which has the organic and generally healthier items I can't find at WinCo.
4	WinCo is great for grocery shopping on a budget. I can get almost everything I need here, and save money on it while I'm at it. I was excited to find out AZ had a WinCo, and since it is such a short drive from me, I'll definitely be shopping here again. I went on a Tuesday afternoon about 3pm, and it was not crowded at ALL. I'd suggest not going on a weekend, of course it will be jam packed with people. Produce was fresh, (98 cent artichokes and asparagus....really?!?!?! yes!!!). Bulk food is awesome! They even had organic red quinoa. Even the beer selection was good, they have a great selection of craft beers for a good price.
5	I love this store! Today was my first time going there and I spent an hour just walking around to see what they had. I love the bulk foods section. They even had these dried apple chips that I have been searching for at so many grocery stores across the Valley. It is a 30min drive from my house but I will gladly make it to shop there. Can't wait to take my husband.
5	If you don't want to have to bother with parking, go shopping at around midnight. Me and my father have done this twice already, and while they are usually restocking shelves (which blocks some access in the aisles) it is very peaceful and we can get through for the basics. Not to mention it is cooler outside then. :)They do, unfortunately, have some sections closed off at times at night. No big deal though.... And some of their graveyard staff seem a little on the unhappy side, but since it is a graveyard shift I understand if they're a little irritable. Prices are good and lots of stuff to choose from!Also: This location used to be a Costco back in the day, so that explains the large size.
4	Cool Pacific Northwest brands available here that you can't find elsewhere in PX.  Many deals are fantastic (~1/2 the sale price other places) but the other items can be the same price or even more as other stores. The bulk section is nice and I appreciate the different sized bags. Went on a Sunday morning and didn't have any problems with crowds. The deli doesn't have cheese on display but they did say you could purchase cheese and they would slice it at the deli. It was nice and I was surprised they even do a reusable bag credit!
5	WINCO is a great place to do your grocery shopping.  My last two shopping trips I have spent over $200 each time but I got a lot of food !  More food then I would have spending $200 at Fry's & Safeway with their stupid shoppers card.All the other stores better be afraid very afraid because once WINCO is done building all their stores in AZ they will become the true low price leader in the valley.The best time to shop here is at night probably after 10PM.  However, be very careful as their floors always have debris on them and you can slip and fall like my wife did.The employees I find to be similar to Walmart.  However, I find the employees at Walmart to be friendlier at least at the store across the street from this WINCO.The produce tends to spoil quicker than those at the competition.  So my advice is to purchase just enough produce and eat it quickly.  We just buy a weeks supply at a time.The bread is not the freshest and I have seen bread already moldy on the shelves so check your bread carefully before buying.The deli and bakery don't impress me and they appear to be overpriced in that area.Nonetheless, WINCO is as good as it gets !
4	Despite it being cheaper than their local competitors, the quality for most items purchased are still par with some exceptions.Bargains can be had just about everywhere in the store.  From the produce to grains to meat to bakery to international spices.  While seemingly fresh, the fruits and vegetables might not deliver the sweetness or taste you desire.  Do not be surprised if you take grapes or strawberries home and taste a bit on the sour side.  The barrels of grains like nuts and rice are priced by the weight.  This has become one of my favorite sections to shop around.  The idea of handpicking and controlling the amount of ingredients is quite powerful and cost efficient.  They never mail any ads because their low prices are always constant.  I guess they just want to be known as the one stop for cheap goods.  Probably one of the best perks of shopping here is they are open 24 hours.  How convenient! The cashier lines are almost non-existent as there are ample registers and self check-out (at this location anyways).  I come here regularly to buy cases of bottled water that cost me a whopping $1.90 something cents.  How ridiculous is that?! I can probably go on and on and on about how cheap it is but if you are lucky enough to live by a WinCo, don't hesitate to drop by and check it out.  Your wallet will thank you afterwards.
4	Imagine Costco, without the membership fee and the Brady Bunch portion sizes, and that's WinCo. The bulk food bins- raw almonds for $2.99 a pound is a great deal. 3 pork roasts for $10...that's pulled pork one night, souvlaki another night, and Hunan pork another, all without needing an extra refrigerator/freezer in your garage. The roast beef that's $3.99 a pound tastes like bologna, but they also offer the real deal for a few dollars more. Produce and dry goods are good quality and priced at a discount.You won't keep as much of your take home pay on items like toilet paper, household cleaners or pet food as compared to WalMart or other supermarkets, but you will see the extra $$ on their grocery items. It's not pretty, and there's no olive bar, but you will save major coin if you don't mind bagging your own groceries and not using a credit card. They have booze, too. Yay!
4	This place has a huge warehouse-type environment that kind of reminds me of Costco, but there are some major differences: no membership fee; there are bulk bins where you can get grains, nuts, and other foods by weight; and you're not forced to buy items packaged in bulk for large families. The prices are mostly low, the establishment is clean and very spacious and the staff is very friendly.
5	If you like to bake, eat healthy, etc, their bulk area is amazing!!! I didn't really notice it when I went the first time after they opened. I stick to a few areas such as the veggies, fruits and bulk area like whole wheat bread flour, flax seeds, etc!!!
2	Most of the reviews I've read for this chain are mixed and I have to agree.  There were some great deals yet prices on other things were just okay.  The produce was not appealing at all.  If you're willing to hunt for bargains, you could probably do pretty well here.  I don't think I will make this part of my regular shopping.  NOTE: They do not accept credit cards.  Cash or debit only.
5	Cheaper often--especially produce--than Walmart by far.  I love this store.  GREAT prices, friendly help = can't beat Winco!!!!  This is my regular grocery store since I found it.  Sorry, Walmart....Caveat:  Bring cash or a debit card.  Ask if they take checks (I never carry them).  They do not take cards at all.  And you sack your own groceries, and they provide the sacks.  Worth it to me.
4	clean store and friendly employees, the price are great, i love their fresh made rasin bread from bakery, but they don't take any credit cards
5	If anyone is from the midwest and you miss the good ol' Hy Vee atmosphere, you can finally get that in Phoenix at Winco.  Most of the time, the prices are much better than Wal-mart and most other competitors (though not always).  The place is clean and well stocked.  Produce is cheaper than anywhere else typically and is clearly a better quality.Hours are great at 24 hours a day too!They have a lot of meat options and they boast fresh seafood coming in regularly, although I haven't purchased any seafood there yet.  The only 2 knocks I have on them is their beer/wine/liqour prices are a bit high.  If you need any of those, just head over to Total Wine and More! They also don't accept credit cards...has to be debit.  I like getting my 1% cash back when I grocery shop, but the savings overall makes up for it.
4	Love this place.. Most of the prices are reasonable but some things are way overprices... Thats why I gave it 4 starts. I love the bulk food section it's nice to be able to purchase certain things in bigger quantities and have it not cost a fortune. Produce is good and the workers are pretty friendly. Oh and they only take cash or debit cards!
4	Excellent prices and selection. This place is quite a ways from my house but i still make it over here a couple times a month. They always have lots of stuff for way below what I can get it for anywhere else. Remember it's cash or debit only here and you have to bag your own stuff.
4	I am a big fan of this place. I like the fact that is usually pretty darn clean, the people are normally very friendly, the produce is fresh and the prices are good. I have found many items that I buy in bulk from the membership clubs here at WinCo that are actually cheaper. I don't shop here every time but I do make special trips once a month to get the bigger items.
2	My last two shopping trips have been unpleasant. Last week I purchased the Wild Sockeye Salmon for dinner. It looked good I thought but when I unwrapped it the fish was unpleasant smelling and felt slimy so I returned it the next day. Today I saw them loading up the fish counter with Lots Of Sockeye Salmon. This time I thought some of the fish didn't look fresh and the PLACE STUNK AND SMELLED JUST LIKE LEE LEE's.Then I went to check out and I didn't feel like waiting a half hour as the two lines open had families with multiple carts filled all the way up so I did the self check out and that was fine.The wheels on my cart locked two aisles before the yellow line. So I had to drag my cart out from in front of someone's car. Grab my bags and the one bag falls apart on me and my stuff falls to the ground. A guy in the lot told me those carts do get out of sync sometimes.So BRING YOUR OWN BAGS!The Fish MIGHT be spoiled!Be Prepared for your cart to suddenly lock it wheels before you get to your car.
1	There are two unfortunate incidents re: products that are not sealed that is supposed to be.  One time I had to exchange a 1.7 L agave bottle because it's halfway sealed.  That was about 3-4 months ago.Today, I bought a mayonnaise Hy top brand and again seal has been broken.  I'm concerned that someone has been maliciously doing this and deliberately tampering these products.  I already notified the store manager and I called the corporate office to make them aware.I still feel I have to make a lot of people aware in case you shop at this store to make sure to check first if sealed before leaving.The store I am referring to is the Glendale,  AZ location.
3	Was a pleased they had everything I needed and were very helpful when I needed help finding items only one register open but what do you expect at 1130 pm
1	There are two unfortunate incidents re: products that are not sealed that is supposed to be.  One time I had to exchange a 1.7 L agave bottle because it's halfway sealed.  That was about 3-4 months ago.Today, I bought a mayonnaise Hy top brand and again seal has been broken.  I'm concerned that someone has been maliciously doing this and deliberately tampering these products.  I already notified the store manager and I called the corporate office to make them aware.I still feel I have to make a lot of people aware in case you shop at this store to make sure to check first if sealed before leaving.The store I am referring to is the Glendale,  AZ location.
1	When they first opened they had awesome prices on the meats, now they are the same as anywhere else... The fruit and veggies go bad in a day or less, not a good thing...No reason to drive 8 miles out of my way when I can get the same if not better products closer to me...
4	Really like this place, especially the bulk section for great deals.  When they first opened they had great prices on everything, but I've noticed the prices have gone up a bit in the last couple months (hence, the 4 stars instead of 5).  I'll still go to get my pantry items (flour, sugar, pasta, etc.), but the meat prices are hit and miss these days.
1	This place has SOME descent priced items, I enjoyed the fact that the store isn't packed like WalMart across the street and easy to maneuver around but I purchased pork chops and different cuts of chicken (breast, thighs, wings) and got home and my meat was bad, the meat department smelled while I was shopping but I thought maybe it was something in the back that had been cleared out...only to get home and realize the smelled followed me home because it was ALL the meat I had just purchased.I contacted the store and told them about the issue and was advised to bring the meat back in...so there I was stuck with bad meat in my fridge until I could head back North - 10 miles out my way, only to get back there 2 days later and realize I left my receipt on my kitchen counter, needless to say they refused to accept my return of their bad ass meat so I ended up leaving it with them and leaving the store without my refund...Buyer beware CHECK YOUR MEAT & SEAFOOD before leaving.
4	Place was ok, super low prices, however if u need cleaning supplies or personal hygiene items might wanna stick to Walmart. If you like to shop in bulk this might be your store. Good prices on meat too. Good selection of booze. Probably come back for the great meat prices
3	As a steady patron of this establishment, I can say they were a really cool trend when they first started rolling out in AZ, but now they have equal prices and lower quality products than your local Frys or Walmart. Honestly, their store brands are not that good- take the cream cheese for example, just doesn't measure up to the Kraft's. Also, I find myself skeptical about the redness of their meat- so much dye must have been added to give that look. They do, however, have good produce and bulk items. they do not take credit card. only cash or debit. so be aware.
4	We love shopping at Winco.  This store has taken the place of Walmart which makes me happy because Walmart is an evil entity.  I love that they carry Tillamook products like cheese, ice cream and yogurt.  The produce is abundant and in good shape, but there are very few, if any organic options.  The prices are great on things like cereal that is usually 4 bucks a box.  Winco usually has it for $3.  I like that they give me a reusable bag discount for bringing my own bags.  Every store should encourage this type of behavior because plastic bags are so wasteful.  We have never bought their meat or seafood, so I can't speak on that, but everything else we've bought has been good quality at a fair price.
4	I love WinCo! The prices are a lot cheaper than Wal Mart even, and the quality is better. This store is exceptionally clean and organized. The staff is pretty friendly, too!
5	Holy cow. I love this place. Once i walked in, i felt like i was at Cosco. Love the set up, so much storage, :)) Why didn't I come to here sooner? Oh wait, cause I live far. HahaAnyways, the prices here are very reasonable and I love how they show the prices of the local competitors. Awesome!! Shows how much I save.I had coupons that got sent to my house, free oreos, free gallon of milk and free family size cherrios :))) but of course I bought more groceries than I need. If only Winco wasn't fat for me.. :(
4	This place is amazing! The selection of everything is fantastic! We spend most of our time in produce which not only has a better selection than Wal-Mart, but it's cheaper by a mile! If it isn't I believe they actually price match too! I will admit that some of the price comparison charts vary. Our local Wal-Mart is right, but another Wal-Mart is cheaper. Winco normally checks though and prices are constantly changing so that they are cheaper. For comparison, they had our favorite juice for a dollar, it was 3 dollars at Wal-Mart. The only thing that sucks about Winco is that it's far. I'd love one near 83rd and Cactus, but we drive to Bell every time we do major shopping trips. We'd go for smaller ones if they were closer to us! They have everything! Winco Dog food is the best bargain in the world! Then you also have whole sale seasonings, noodles, candies, etc! It's fantastic! Their meat is a steal, and it tastes miles better than other stores!
4	Great prices and selection. If you have been to Winco in the past, then  you already know about the great prices and selection WinCo has to offer.WinCo is a  good size grocery store with excellent prices.  Some of the prices at WinCo are better then Frys or even Walmart.  Winco is not an "Outlet" type store or a "Pay" for membership store.  WinCo  is a regular full selection grocery store with a deli, meat dept, bakery and florist and liquor department.Winco is nicely laid out, clean, and the associates are friendly and helpul. I just wish I had a WinCo closer to the house.
5	It's been awhile since I have been to a Winco.  The store was clean and pricing was great.  Definitely will be back.  :)
5	I think it's great having an employee owned store that's how they pass off the savings . I buy my meat their for my business and have never had an issue . Unlike other reviews who might of had an issue that you can get at any store some meat already comes prepacked so the smart thing to do is watch for the packing date also if the meat has a unwanted smell bring it back ASAP don't wait a couple of days to return.
5	We just discovered that there is a WinCo in our neighborhood, jackpot! We lived in WA state for over 5 years, so it was a pleasant surprise to see all of the PNW foods that are available at this store. It is a very clean store and is big enough for everyone to wander through the aisles without feeling crowded. We found that the prices on some items are even cheaper than Walmart, which is a plus, because the Walmart on Bell road is a stressful and unpleasant experience. I definitely recommend shopping at WinCo over Walmart if you're in the area.
4	Great prices and is always adequately staffed.  Highly recommend going here even your grocery shopping.  It will definitely save you some money.  Big parking lot do plenty of space.
