4	Great location by South Park. Affordable, clean hotel. I've had friends and family stay here when visiting us in Charlotte because it's clean, safe and a good value. They can also walk over to the mall and shop, eat or entertain themselves if they don't have a car.
4	everything was sold out when i needed to be in Charlotte and so I tried this location mainly because it was available for my dates. I was worried that it wouldn't be nice, but i was pleasantly surprised! The room was clean, well decorated and had a bedroom and separate living room with its own tv, it also had a small well equipped  kitchen (I didnt use it) but it had pots, pans, 2 burners, a full size refrigerator and sinks etc. They didn't have a yucky comforter, but a nice duvet too and plenty of pillows, which I insist on! :)They had a good desk with free internet and the comminity areas were nice, inside they had breakfast (which i was always too late for - ends at 9am) but looked nice and they also have a bar that stays open late in that same spot - outside is a common area with a fire pit and lots of seating.They have a little store with most essentials in the lobby 24 hours too. I had a terrible Dr. Pepper craving at like midnight and was able to get one downstairs.. thank goodness! I also grabbed coffee in the morning only to have my boss tell me we were going to Starbucks and I accidentally said RIGHT in front of the desk clerk - "Oh! then i won't drink this crappy coffee... " I felt so bad as soon as I said it.. i am sure it is not crappy! I would stay here again, it was comfortable and affordable. The parking is kinda weird, but over all I was very impressed.
4	I'm really enjoying my stay here at the Residence Inn.  It feels more like a 1 Bedroom apartment than a hotel.  The staff is friendly and the Breakfast buffet and Manager cocktail hours (M-W) are a huge plus as well.Great place to stay if your gonna be here for more than a few nights.Shout out to Brian at the front desk!
3	The staff does a good job and are very nice.  The hotel is a bit dated but good deal for the money.  Can't seem to sleep here without a Benadryl due to something in the air.
5	Stay here often for work - hotel is pet friendly, staff are helpful.  Arrived early and was able to still check-in.
4	Not a bad place to stay... Close to lots of stuff. Ruth Chris' across the street and you can get it delivered to your room. Small kitchen with the basics. Dishwasher, full size fridge and 2 cooktop. It's like a small apartment. Laundry room on 3rd & 7th floor. Pool & gym in lower level, outdoor basketball "court". Outdoor patio area with grill and lounging area. Full service bar with a few beers on tap. Breakfast served daily. Decent selection, fresh and clean. Rooms are clean and well appointed. No complaints.
4	My company booked a one night reservation for me last minute on a Sunday.  I had a long drive to get there and missed a lot of football during the trek, but everything went smoothly as soon as I got there and after checked in.  They have a 24 hour gym, an indoor pool and you can walk to plenty of places to shop or eat (but South Park does limit you late on a Sunday even if you are looking for reasonably priced establishments within a mile's travel).  I enjoyed the accommodations as I was provided with a King bed, big screen TV  (thankfully I caught the last half of the epic rematch of the Bronco's vs Chiefs game), a large tub, etc...  I had more than enough space and it was clean.  My only negative observation in question was that the stove unit could have used an additional wipe down.  The complimentary breakfast the next morning made up for the shady stove and the manager was very friendly as he helped check me out.
