3	This place has only been open for about 5 days and they are still trying to get everything worked out. My son suggested this place, it is close and I like to patronize places in my community. When we got there there was several people waiting to get a set. The wait was about 25 min which is not bad. It is fairly small a square room mirrors on one wall two TVs. open bulb string lights over head, concrete floors and as many tables as can be stuffed in this small space. The noise level is about the loudest I have encountered. I don't talk much but like to listen to the others. Only people you could hear was the person beside you or directly across from you. Very hard to carry on a conservation with with the people you are with. About half way through our meal a lot of people had left and it was much easier to talk. The service was a little slow but the place was packed. We had come to visit with each other so this just gave us time to talk with one another. Our server was very pleasant and helpful. Once the order was in the food was slow to arrive at the table. One pizza came wrong and one did not arrive and had to be remade. They did not charge for the pizza that did not make it to the table until many had almost finished their meal. The food. There was one hamburger ordered. One margarita pizza(the one that did not arrive till late), a cheese pizza, a BBQ chicken w/o onion( came with onion was remade), Caprice sandwich and I had a chopped salad. I did not ask but heard several comments as their pizza and sandwich was good. The sandwich came with a very generous proportion of frys. I had some of these and they were good. My chopped salad was good. Next visit I am going to get the caprice sandwich. It really looked good. Our waiter apologized many times for the mix up with the food. It was not an issue for me since I got what I ordered on time. I do know how it feels when everyone is eating and you are just sitting there. Final note. Will I return. Yes I will. The food was good and they are new and need to work the kinks out. I started with three stars. I will update when I go back and hopefully their score improves also. If you are in the area or live in the area. Go see them. Support your local business. Life is short enjoy yourself eat good food.
3	I know this place opened not all that long ago. I went in with my boys because they run a Sunday special where kids eat free(two kids per adult,not bad!). We were seated fairly quickly. the place was kinda busy. that doesn't say alot since it is not very big. It was pretty loud in there and was hard to talk to my kids. Wait staff was nice. They did a ok job. Kinda looked a bit unorganized. That would probably explain our experience there.the food was not to bad. my one son had mac and cheese w/ fries and my other son had a cheese pizza. both liked the food. I had the sausage sandwich w/ salad. both were good. didn't blow me away but was good. The food took way to long to get there though. I feel 35-40 minutes is not ok considering the size and i saw two tables get there plates before us even though they had come in after us. That being said looked as if most people were waiting to long for their order. I received my sandwich first and my kids waited almost five minutes before theirs came(that's where the 35-40 min. came from). So my "hot sandwich" was not all that hot by the time my kids got their food. I don't like to eat while somebody is waiting for their food. I also had to remind the waiter about my kids drinks that comes w/ the meal. Overall it was not a car wreck and I am willing to give them a second chance since they are newly opened(about 3 or 4 weeks) and the Sunday special makes it affordable to take the family out. Not including drinks you are at $10-$15 a plate.I am with the other reviewer Craig. I will give them another shot and I like to support the local business.
1	today was our second time here..the first time was great,however today was not so good....the wings were fantastic but that was about it..i had a bowl of the sausage soup which was luke warm at best,last time i had the same soup but got the cup which i actually think had the same amount for a few dollars less,the bowl portion is a ripoff...my wife ordered the littleneck clam pizza,the heavy fish smell and fishy taste made it inedible..nice place with great service,we thought it would be a new favorite for us,but we wont return..its a little spendy for what you get...
4	This was my 3rd visit to a Humble Pie, and my 2nd time to this location. My husband and I stopped in for a late lunch after watching a movie, and it definitely hit the spot!Daily lunch specials are from 11am to 3pm with 9" pizzas and a salad or soup. What's nice about their specials is that you can choose any pizza and any salad or soup they have available.  FYI: Regular pizzas are 12"So far, I've tried about 8 of their pizzas, and my goal is to try every single one of them...1. Meatlovers - all time favorite here! If you're a meat-a-tarian like me, must order this!2. Prosciutto and Fig - It's unique but full of flavor3. Shrimp - Great if you love shrimp! It's light on the "seafoody" flavor and has sprinkles of red chili peppers and lemon zest which tastes good because it's both spicy and sweet4. Potato and Roasted Garlic - I enjoyed this, but would like it even more if they added truffle oil to it5. Margherita - Definitely good, but not Pizzeria Al Forno-ish( which I love)6. Pepperoni - Well, this is biased b/c I love pepperoni pizzas no matter what7. Artichoke - Rich one here, especially with ricotta cheese. I'm not a fan of artichokes, but I actually enjoyed this one at an Elite Yelp event8. Goat Cheese - Strong goat cheese flavor - go fig.... I like goat cheese on salads, but it was a bit strong for me since it was on entire pizzaMy next goal is to try the pistachio one and maybe the S.O.P (Sausage onion and red peppers) and I will update my review once I try those. Our service here has been great every time! Compared to the other earlier reviews (and I don't blame that one review about being upset about getting orders wrong), I guess I've just lucked out every time I've been there, because my orders have been right and service has been quick. My waiters and waitresses have been very friendly and constantly check in to see how I'm doing. I guess my one complaint today was that my napkin was dirty before I even used it, but they changed it for me, so then I was happy again. I'm easy to please as long as I get my pizza!
3	Decent, but not out of this world. I'd rather go to Grimmaldi's for pizza.Went with some friends on a Friday evening. I expected to wait a bit so I wasn't surprised when we were told the wait for our group of 6 would be 30-35 minutes. 55 minutes (and several complaints later) we were seated. The place was LOUD with nothing at all in the decor to dampen the sound.Service was good- we ordered bruschetta and calamari for appetizers. The bruschetta was probably the best thing I had all night. Unique flavors, but a bit stingy at 2 large slices of toast for $6.95. The calamari came with a basil chili-type dipping sauce that I didn't care for. The calamari itself was a bit on the bland and chewy side. As for the pizza, we had sort of mixed experiences. Our friend ordered the one with all sorts of breakfast meats and a fried egg on top. He thought it was great- I tried a piece and thought it was way too salty (not surprising with all of the meat on top). Hubby had the one with figs on it. He said it was good. They originally got my order wrong and brought me a second fig pizza. When I asked for it to be corrected they brought me my pear and gorgonzola pizza on the house. It was good, but not great. Too much gorgonzola (which is a very strong flavor) and not enough pear. The crust was also a bit dry and bland for my taste.
4	The food here is outstanding, the Calimari is great and the Fig and prosciutto pizza is amazing.We received a coupon for this place so I brought some friends and the family and it was a pretty good experience. It was Friday night, so the wait was a little horrendous but once we got seated the service was pretty good overall. Some kinks are being worked out since they opened just recently but nothing unforgivable.We were brought an incorrect order, and the staff comped it and brought out a replacement without hesitation. This impressed me.They have a really good special on Sundays if you have kids, two kids eat free for every one adult all day on Sunday.I have to say though that the prices are pretty high though so know what you're in for before you go if you can check out their menu on the web.Also, if I had any suggestions for them I'd say install some lights on the patio so people can be seated out there at night, and install some benches out front so people can sit while they wait (currently there is no waiting area indoors and nowhere to sit, this is pretty rough if you've got children)It may sound like I have a lot to complain about but really the positive outweighed the negative in a big way so I am giving this place 4 stars. If you've been to other high-end pizza places and have been gloriously underwhelmed (Biancos) then Upper Crust is a place you are going to like.
2	I've heard about this place from friends and especially my sister.  She works nearby and frequents this establishment for lunch.  She has always wanted to take me because she thought it would be something that I would like.  There were coupons at work today so I grabbed one and told my sister and her family that we were going tonight.  Anticipation and expectation elevated at this point, as you could imagine, with all the talk surrounding this place.  We arrived around 6:30 and it was packed.  No surprise.  I'm sure everybody in that place had a coupon just like we did.  The marketing was working well and traffic was up.  We brought my 2 year old niece so we had to wait a while since they would not let a small child sit at a high top.  Understood.  We grabbed a round of drinks and waited patiently.  I could tell the manager was aware of our long wait time because he moved from behind the bar and started to bus a table as soon as it became available to get us seated.Finally we're seated.  We were greeted by our waiter promptly, our order was taken and we were served drinks.  All is fine so far.  We receive and eat our salad.  Next up....pizza!  We waited and watched as others around us (who arrived after us) received their pies.  We begin to wonder what is going on.  Our waiter comes over and communicates very openly and honestly with us, "Sorry, but the pizza is taking longer than anticipated.  The manager will comp your pizzas tonight."  Ok.  Fine.  We can live with that.  We wait longer........and longer.  Our server approaches us and says, "Sorry, your pizza came out, but I sent it back because it was burnt.  I did not want to serve that to you guys."  Ok cool.  I don't want burnt pizza so good call.  So we wait even longer.  FINALLY, another young blonde gentlemen approaches with two pizzas in hand.  This HAS to be our pizza!!!  It is.  He sets them down on our table and asks, "Anything else I can get for you?"  I replied simply, "Plates."  He looked at us (he clearly heard us) gave no acknowledgment whatsoever, turned and walked away to never be seen again.  Now here we are sitting with the pizza that we had been waiting for a VERY long time as it grew cold in front of us with no plates to eat of off.  We look around, wave our arms and try to get some attention.  Enough was enough.  My sister got up and complained to the manager and asked somebody else for plates.  They finally comply and we get to eat.  Very unhappy at this point.The server was apologetic and told us our meal would be comped.  The manager and our server were courteous and dealt with the situation the best they could.  For their consideration, I give this restaurant 2 stars.  Otherwise, the ignorant and lazy young blonde fellow that blatantly ignored our plate request is a case-in-point as to how one bum of an employee can ruin an entire dining experience for patrons.  Because of him, I will never dine at this place again.  Finally, for my money, Grimaldi's is a far better pizza.  Don't buy the hype on "Humble Pie".
4	So I have mixed feelings about this place so I am going to break down my rating.Friendliness and Service from Waiter: 5 Stars - We didn't have to wait for drinks and the waiter was very friendly the biggest issue was had was someone in our group got the wrong pie but they comped them and it was taken care of immediately so no harm no foul.Wait time and estimate from host: 1 Star - We were told 30-35 minutes and almost an hour later they literally had to move tables from across the room to put them together to accommodate us. Poor planning on the hostess part.Decor and Space - 2.5 Stars - The Decor is nice but nothing amazingly fancy. They were jam packed Friday night, they need to think about moving into the suite next door as well. They are in DIRE need of more space.Food - 5 Stars! My husband had been here before and had brought me a Fig and Prosciutto Pizza. He wouldn't tell me what it was but hey Im adventurous so what the heck. It was one of the best things I had ever put in my mouth! So naturally when I went back here I ordered it again and was not disappointed. It was super salty but ..its Prosciutto and I am ok with that. On top of everything we ordered my 2 year old a Cheese pizza. He usually eats a marginal amount. He ate the whole thing. My husband and I just sat their dumb founded. Apparently...he loved the pizza too!This is a new location and they are still working out the kinks but I will come back here because it was some darn good eating!
1	While we've had numerous opportunities to try other Humble Pie locations, we've always opted for something else. There are much better pizzas in the valley (even on the west side). The pizza was cold and bland. The service was lousy.  We were incredibly disappointed and won't be going back.
4	Fig on a pizza? Yes please!  Add some prosciutto? Yes, please some more!Good wine, great company and thin crust that doesn't overpower the flavors on a piece of pizza pie...I'll be back!
2	We had a Groupon for this establishment and had to use it. The portion sizes were so small! I ordered a bowl of turkey and steak chili which was probably one ladle full. The beans were not cooked very well. My husband's burger was ok. My boys ordered a shrimp pizza which they liked but it was very small for $13. The service was very slow and the waiter did not know how to do a Groupon transaction and that was uncomfortable because he didn't think he could use it. :( We will not be returning.
3	Pizza was average. They do what a lot of places do,  they put your freshly cooked, crispy pizza directly on a plate or in a box and It proceeds to get soggy,  especially in the middle. Then when I went to pick up a slice,  the first half of the toppings fell off!  I wouldn't recommend the pizza. The toppings were decent (not great) and the sauce was "so-so".The Calamari on the other hand was really good. A little expensive at $9.99 but really good. I would go back for happy hour,  i just wouldn't order a pizza.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! The lunch specials are awesome- pizza or sandwich of your choice with any salad of your choice for under $10! I highly recommend trying the caprese bowl for your appetizer, it is RIDICULOUSLY DELICIOUS! It's a deconstructed bowl full of home-made burrata mozzarella, pesto, cherry tomatoes, drizzled with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, served with a crisp artisan bread (so good I dream about this menu item!) The pizzas are served on a delicious, crisp, brick oven style sourdough crust... I have tried the SOP (it was ok) the Roasted Mushroom (Yum!) and the Fig and Prosciutto (AMAZING!) The salads are also delicious!
5	I had been to one of the locations in Scottsdale for lunch at work. This time it was the new location closer to home for a Ladies Lunch with my girlfriends.Upon my arrival the inside was pretty empty but the patio was full. When I looked at the menu I realized that they did Happy Hour everyday from 11-6....happy customer already! $5 glasses of wine.....DONE!!! Our server overheard us talking about Bloody Mary's and how we enjoyed them. Well he went and made us a shot of THEIR bloody mary and surprised us with a sample! They make theirs with Jalepeno's and they are delish!!!! Points scored with these ladies.My girlfriends and I are usually only able to get together for lunch about once a month. So when we go, we don't like to be rushed. We were not rushed in the slightest. We let him know we were in no hurry and we were going to be there for a while. He was very good about checking on us for refills of any kind (tea, water or wine). When we finally ordered we got everything the way it was ordered.I personally wanted to try something new so I went for the lunch special, salad and pizza. I tried their new salad Apple & Arugula. I'm a greens girl so I really enjoyed the earthy taste of the Arugula. Combined with the citrus of the Lemon Caper Vinaigrette, it was a refreshing salad. Then I got the Fig & Prosciutto pizza upon seeing someone else's review on Yelp and her mentioning how good it was. I had to try it out. No disappointing there either. It was a great combination of slightly sweet & salty pizza. Not to forget the carmelized onions. It was perfect.On a side note, someone else's review of the pizza being "soggy". This is a more upscale, what I call "fancy" pizza. You should not expect regular "to-go" pizza. This is pizza eaten more in a classy way (fork & knife style) it's not the kind you pick up and eat with your hands.I love when a place offers happy hour on the weekends too. That lets me experience more items on their menu than I normally wood. Now I'm talking more of the wine menu than the food. Although I was eyeing a few other Starters that I would have liked to have eaten. But wine by the glass gives me the options for change. I started in with the Snap Dragon Pinot Noir and never strayed from that. My two girlfriends both had a Melbec and only one of them switched to the Noir after their 2nd glass.With my bill coming to under $30 (salad + pizza + 3 glasses of wine) before tip. We certainly are going to make this one of our regular spots for Ladies Lunch.
5	This place is great! I found out about them in the AZ Republic and decided to give it a try.Our server was very attentive and the food was awesome. I had the fresh chopped salad (tomatoes, mozzarella, turkey salami and a great vinaigrette) and LOVED IT... doesn't hurt that the mozzarella is made in house. I've never had mozzarella that fresh!!Can't beat this place,  my new favorite spot in the west valley!
5	I finally got a second chase to go to humble pie this weekened and nothing but great things to say !! I got the shrimp pizza and it was to die for ! I can't wait to go back to get this dish . The staff was friendly and the service was great . Little to no waitting!My husband is very inpatient and he was very pleased with how fast we received our food !! We will be spending another one of our date nights here !!
4	Amazing cheese pizza!
4	Pretty good pizza. As a fan of bianco I would say that this place is close. Great staff and atmosphere. Will definitely return.
4	Food is good, and prices are reasonable. Kids eat free on Sunday and lunch specials from 11 - 3 make this a great place to stop for some pizza with the family.
5	First we are THRILLED to have Humble Pie on our side of town now. We'd been driving to Scottsdale once we discovered them. Lovely! Our favs are the vegetable salad with avocado, jicama, white beans, fresh mozzarella, green beans on greens and the shrimp pizza with house-made mozzarella, fresh basil, herb oil, chili flakes. And their Happy Hour is a good deal as well. Last time we tried the roasted mushroom pizza but we won't get it again. The mushrooms were microscopic and the flavor was mehh.  Their happy hour is great - the standard buy-one-get-one . Love their house made margs.
2	The bruschetta was great!  The pizza however, was on par with Red Baron and Tombstone.
5	Good stuff!!!  I eat at the Scottsdale Humble Pie frequently, I really think this new one kicks butt.  Ask for Bryce he's probably the best server I have ever seen.  On our last visit we had a salad and pizza combo for lunch I did the chop salad and meat lovers pizza,  my girlfriend had the wedge salad and pepperoni pizza.  Everything was top notch, the service was remarkable the food is never a let down.  We had a question about wine, apparently the manager here is a professional about anything wine.  WOW he blew us away, it was really neat not just to enjoy the food but to get a quick lesson on wine.So like I said, "good stuff"
3	I have here twice now and enjoyed both experiences. Last night it took a while to be seated but we enjoyed the Thursday date night meal option. I loved that you could choose your own salad. Our waiter was memorable for inappropriate homosexual references which was a downer (I am glad my friends really were not gay then for their sake). Our other friends pizza was burned twice so we were finished eating by the time he had his. Luckily we were all able to share. The restaurant comped his desert which was nice and we all enjoyed the fried donut holes. Descent food, nice atmosphere, a little crowded but not too noisy. Fine by me.
1	Burnt pizza?? Like black ash on the bottom. How did that even make it out of the kitchen? Long wait for the "pie" so I didn't demand another. Nobody at our table of 12 was impressed. The only thumbs up was a salad that a friend ordered. Kinda ruined my wife's birthday dinner. Horrible. Gave it a second chance at the Happy Valley location.  Even worse. I wrote that review on their review page. Wow!
5	Cannot beat the Thursday date night deal! Fresh food options and extremely personable service (thanks, Bryce!)... We'll be regulars :)
2	Please follow along with this review in your best "late night urban radio DJ/love talk & slow jams host voice" with imagined Barry White and Teddy Pendergrass songs playing in the background...The pizzas at Humble Pie are described so attractively on the menu and they're each just enough for two people to share, but maybe a little too much for one person. Especially if you happen to be a ladyyyyyy. Ladies looooove to eat pizza, they just won't eat too much of it in front of most men they're not married to.Imagine you're with a lovely ladylove of yours, and gently popping roasted olives into her mouth...one by one...hot. Damn, she doesn't like olives? How about some tempura-fried green beans that you can tease her lips with, slowly at first, then with increasing intensity until they're all gone? Yeahhhh...that's a nice appetizer for your special lady.The small and dimly lit dining room sets the mood for romance. Your eyes locked onto hers, as you each sip a tall domestic beer, anxiously awaiting the arrival of your main course. The cardboard pizza boxes all around enhance the sexy ambiance.If your woman is adventurous, she might go for the fig and prosciutto pizza. With goat cheese, it's soooo creamy good. Traditional ladies would probably let you get away with pulling a Margherita on them, because tomato, basil and mozzarella never hurt nobody. You might even have yourself a real freak on your hands who wants that Meat Lovers joint allll night long.Nevermind the screaming toddlers and the sports on the TVs near the dining room. These dim lights and pizza can only mean one thing. Awwww yeah...it's time to get on down. Mmmm hmmmm.Ain't gonna be no leftovers tonight. Nuh uh. Y'all are hungry for it and you are gonna finish what you started.You got some Beano, Tums and Mylanta in your glovebox for later, playa?  There's no such thing as a bad pizza, but this one was just OK. Don't forget that Thursday night is date night...at Humble Pie...
2	hubby and I went for a quick lunch yesterday-our server was new(3 days new she said)and was trying to do well-It wasn't as full as I'd have thought being spring training month but we tried it. Don't care for the concrete floors. The sliding of chair legs is annoying and loud. One of the other servers (young&blonde)kept sliding them too!AND slamming the plates down on table to re-set.(things like that make or break a good experience)Let's see, hubby got a glass of beer ($4 for 12 oz.)and I had iced tea.We ordered pizza, of course, that has too thin crust for us - have to eat it with a fork so all toppings don't fall off!I had organic veg and I ate it but probably won't again. Hubby liked his meat lovers.We had a choice of this place or the one next door which looked more of a sports bar - probably gonna try the sports bar next time.
2	My wife and I have been wanting to try this place for quite some time after hearing several friends enjoy their visits. Read plenty of reviews both positive and very negative but went yesterday for the Thursday night date night special, 2 salads, appetizer, and a pizza to share for $20. Not a bad deal.Caesar salad was quite good, my wife's strawberry and Gorgonzola salad was good for her, I don't like that kind of thing. The salads are a very decent to big portion. We got the Caprese appetizer (which is a half order with the special), which is four pieces, and the S.O.P. pizza. Service was decent, however the inside where we sat, as the patio was packed, was less than 1/3 full of roughly 20 tables. But still quite noisy. The pizza is OK at best, nothing special. Quite a few fun and different choices. However, the pizza is a 9in pizza, which is fine for sharing, with thick outside fluffy crust, but very thin crust on the bottom. Thin to the point that is is soggy and the toppings fall off when you pick up a piece, so a knife and fork are required. All together for a $20 dinner for two, it is a good deal for the money. However, if you are planning to order alcohol, beware. $7 for a small brandy style glass of Sangria, or $4 for a 12oz domestic is quite steep. Happy hour and the Thursday night date night is a decent value for your money. However if you are coming for anything else, salads at $6-$10/each, appetizers for $5-$13/each, and very average pizza for $10-15 for a personal pizza, there are far better places in the area to visit and enjoy.
4	After spending a half hour last Friday night trying to figure out where to go for dinner, we finally decided on Humble Pie. The kids had been here but I had not.  After a very nice meal, and sampling of a few different items, I thought it was a good place overall and I will go back:I had the meatball sandwich.  The meatballs were huge and the bread was fresh and it was loaded with mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.  The sauce was a bit bland, My son had the shrimp pizza which was amazing,  It was one of the best flavor combinations I have ever had and I want it next time I'm there.  I also tried the BBQ chicken pizza and the goat cheese and prosciutto pizza which were also pretty good.  We also had a fig bruschetta and a regular bruschetta which were outstanding. Prices are average;  for 6 of us the entire tab was $116 and the server was phenomenal.  He was literally running his behind off, the place was packed but he was spot on, professional and pleasant.The only thing I didn't care for:  it was very dark inside, I had to use the light from my phone to see the menu, and the music was turned up to a volume loud enough so that I could not hear the server.  As I mentioned above, I will go back.
5	Great food! Tuesdays are the best, they have live music on the patio and drink specials. The fig and prosciutto pizza is especially awesome.
2	Had the chicken, potato and rosemary pizza, it was kind of bland. Friend had the spaghetti and meatballs and said it was nothing spectacular. Pizookie (don't know what they call it here but its a cookie pizza) was the best part. We came right before the dinner rush and as people started trickling in they wanted us out. No refilled water glasses. Food is nothing special, kind of over priced, service was rushed. Won't be returning probably.
3	Excellent Thursday night date night special for $19.95-a pizza, appetizer, and 2 small salads.  Food was good as was the atmosphere.
5	Oh goodness....SOOOOO GOOD! They have great specials too. Highly recommend for a different type of pizza place. Steve was awesome as well!
3	I went here whilst staying in AZ with a friend - she heard about this place and wanted to try it out.We got there just before the end of Happy Hour and sat on the patio.  We ordered a margarita pizza (6") and the buffalo wings along with a couple of drinks.The wings were very "saucy", but had a good flavor and were pretty large - I think the wings are $5 on the Happy Hour menu which is very reasonable.The pizza was good - I am sure they make their own dough - but it really reminded me of a "Freschetta" pizza (which I saw as a good thing as I like their crust), it is thicker and chewier than some pizzas, but it did taste good.We ordered their potato & rosemary pizza to go (for my friends family back at the house) and that really wasn't that great.  The potatoes were cut pretty thick and there was a distinct lack of rosemary flavor on the pizza - I would not recommend you try this pizza.They have a lot of pizza options and so I could be persuaded to go back and try some others, but I wouldn't pick to go here if it was my choice.
5	Came for dinner with my mom, grandma, sister and aunt for Mother's Day. Our server, Bryce was EXCELLENT and he even sang to us at the end of our meal. He was outgoing, made everyone laugh and was very attentive. Our food was great and we will definitely be back soon! Definitely try to strawberry and gorgonzola salad
4	Truly a great experience...  Arrived as they opened and there was already a line forming so I figured they must be doing something right. I was explained the lunch specials and we decided to do the calamari for starters and the S.O.P. for our pizza selection.  Calamari came quickly and it tasted like it was fresh, not over breaded and rubbery like a frozen delivered product from restaurant Supply Company. I was however bummed out when our pizza arrived because it was so small, after our two small slices each albeit great; I flagged the server down to order another pizza.  He humbly apologized because the kitchen made us a lunch size instead of the full size, they made us another and it was perfect too.  The great staff, prices and excellent food will get us coming back for sure.
5	Great staff, great food! Kaytee Kelly was phenomenal! Would absolutely recommend!
1	This place is horrible
4	Hubby and I went in for date night. I really liked the inside of the place although the outdoor area looked great too. We opted for inside and sat near the bar area. The menu is pretty large maybe because I went in thinking it was just going to be pizza. Lots of things looked appetizing but we both opted for pizza. We each ordered one so we could try a couple things and they were reasonably priced (around $10 each). I ordered the Margherita pizza and hubby ordered the meat lovers. I was not a huge fan of my pizza but my husband's was good and he ate the entire thing. I would either order a different pizza or try something else on the menu. They have a good selection of beers and it looked like a great selection of wine, which I plan to try next time we are in. So yes, even though I didn't care for my pizza I will come back and try something else because I liked the environment.
5	Excellent. Pizza was yummy! Our server was friendly, kind, and worked very hard to keep all 7 of our drinks filled at all times. We enjoyed the wings, crispy green beans, toasted ravioli, and the olives for an appetizer. We also had the apple crisp, donuts, and cookie pizza for dessert. The pizzas...we had BLT, Meat Lovers, Organic Veggies, and the Fig and Proscuitto. All were excellent, unique, and served piping hot. We had a range of ages (2 to 48) at the table and everyone was very happy with the food. I'm very much looking forward to going back!
4	Been here twice on Thursdays for Date Night.  Plan on making this one of our go-to places.  $20 for a pizza (your choice) two salads (plenty to choose from and all tasty!) and one app- we went for the tempura green beans and loved them.  Ambience is a little lacking but hey, it's a pizza joint (with a full bar).  Better than most, give it a try!
4	Interesting pizzas and some really good appetizers.  Wish I could remember more precisely the variety we ordered, but one standout appetizer I remember was some fried ravioli.  Really delicious food and the service was prompt and efficient as well.
4	Love coming here, great woodfired pizzas, very good happy hour and quality food!
2	Pizza was marginal at best.  We had started with the chicken pesto pizza which was absolutely tasteless.  The waitress was kind enough to replace it with another pizza.  We ended up getting the SOP (sausage onions) which again was very bland.  Out kids had the spaghetti which (surprise, surprise) had no taste whatsoever.  I expected it to be low sodium for the kids but at least give it some flavor.The men's bathroom was not clean and the hand towel was jammed.  When I let the people at the front know about it they acted as if I was an extreme inconvenience.  I had to ask again for the front to get a towel or something so my daughter and I could dry off our wet hands.Next time I want to take my family out for pizza it will definitely not be at Humble Pie.  Seriously disappointed.
2	So let me set the stage. Friday around 6:30, Every restaurant  busy. Humble pie is no exception.  They are known  for some very fresh ingredients with a decent selection of beer. The place is busy although while 15 to 20 people waited for a table, there were 3 or 4 tables that were empty and only needed to be cleaned.  This  system of  having patrons wait while the tales sat dirty continued through our dinner. Upon further observation, the wait staff were responsible for cleaning tables. So I ordered a local IPA. Very cold and hoppy. The appetizer was a caprese   Oddly enough, a bowl arrived with some cherry tomatoes, mozzarella, pesto and a few pieces of bread.  This do it your self bowl of ingredients didn't look very appetizing and was reminiscent of leftovers discovered in the back of a refrigerator. Not too worry, the pizza arrived in due time and was awesome. In closing, the service is hit or miss, the caprese is a do it yourself science experiment and yes, the Pizza is worth the wait . Oh, and a shout out to Kendra our waitress, When you say "God bless you" to every table, it's kinda presumptuous.
2	The food was ok. For the price there is definately better pizza. (CIBO,$11 Avg.) but for west, north valley its fair. We got the fries(wife loved them) wings(ok) and the SOP pizza(i didnt like it, tasted plain pepperoni was alot better). We went during happy hour(craft beer only $2.50, loved that)What upset me was like the previously Steve r. Mentioned; theres was about 5 parties waiting and 4 empty tables that were just standing there. I mentioned to my wife that it was ridiculous and we should go somewhere else, they mightnhave heard because they sat us down right after that.Waitress seemed like she would try to avoid us so we wouldnt ask for anything else. So i had to tell her to wait a second so she could pay attention. Bottom line: Firt time im not impresed. i will come back and hopefully it better.
5	Innovative menu...check.Great and friendly service....check.Best Shrimp Pizza I've ever had ...check.RUN here. This is what American gourmet pizza SHOULD be!
2	Disappointed.  The service was slow.  Our drinks sat at the bar for at least 10 minutes before they were brought to the table.  The food was okay, nothing special.  Not sure we would go back.  The atmosphere was cafeteria like and noisy.  The only reason I rated two stars was because we had a Groupon, but not really worth the $42 for two people and two drinks!
1	Really bad service...food wasn't that great either. No wonder they are always on Groupon.
5	Awesome pizza place! Love the ambiance and pizza and salad options. Staff are really pleasant. The strawberry and gorgonzola salad has wonderful strong flavors. I had the clam pizza with roasted red peppers. It's the perfect pizza for summer. It's finished off with a fresh squeeze of lemon on top and minced parsley. I've had clam pizza before, but the combination of the red peppers really brightens up the dish and gives the perfect amount of acid and sweetness to balance the clam meat and lemon. I tried the lunch at the Thunderbird location - for $10, you can pick any of the salads from their menu and any of their pizzas (9")! Can't beat that deal. The pizza crust is light, thin and crispy. They also gave us an honors card where you can earn points toward a free lunch deal after about 7 purchases.
5	We had the meat lovers pizza and it was super good.  There were tons of toppings and the sausage/pepperoni/bacon were good!  There was a fair bit of crust, which is totally fine because it tastes good and I like crust.  We also had the apple crisp dessert, which came with ice cream.  It was piping hot and really tasty.  The server girl was busy, but always checked on us and was very nice.The date night and Tuesday specials can't be beat and happy hour is a good deal. Looks like we found our new pizza place!
2	I really wanted to love this place. Been here three times. Okay so the bad, no waiting area at all. Not a bench or chair. You just kind of stand in front of the door. Crust on pizza comes out burnt more often than not. Ordered a kids pizza along with our adult order which they forgot about so he ate ours. Second visit tried the kids pizza again and had no cheese at all on it, maybe ten shreds. Not Kidding! Asked our waiter if this was a mistake and he said no that's how they make it as kids don't like cheese as much. HUH? Althought he did offer to make a new one. So that would be second visit our son sits and watches us eat. I don't think so. Date night special is a good deal although we could not use a groupon on that day. Bummer!The good, wait staff always friendly and on top of things. Salads have all been very good. Sangria is house made and delish. Garlic fries are huge and freshly cooked, easily there best appetizer. Simple but yummy. A bit overpriced for what they deliver but a cool little place anyway. Pizza not the best. Grimaldi's blows them away.
4	We've been to the Desert Ridge location once before with friends and enjoyed it. I saw the Groupon, noticed the new Peoria location, and thought we should check it out. Our server Matt was super friendly and helpful! It was a bit louder than we were expecting, but the pizzas were very tasty!! The crust was perfectly cooked: thin & crispy on the bottom, with fluffy chewy edges. Yum!  We'll have to come back and check out the patio and try the sandwiches and other pizza options when it cools off a bit.
1	Bad food, bad service, I will never come here again!
3	Tried Humble Pie because of the groupon and was excited when I saw the menu online. Walked in and we got a table that must have been the most wobbly table I have ever seen in a restaurant. I felt I could live with it so our server brought our drinks. Looked at the priced in the menu and they seemed kinda pricey for what I wanted so I went with the half chopped salad. It took a while to get our food. While people that ordered after us were receiving their food. Finally our food came out and it tasted good so that is why they get three stars. The problem was the service. It took long also to receive the bill and to have the server pick up and run the card.
5	Just got home from a Saturday night dinner with a party of four.  Bryce was our waiter.  He was awesome.  Took time to explain our options and helped us make the right choices.  His recommendations were wonderful.  Excellent personality and customer service.  And just as important, the food was fantastic.  The food and service were outstanding.  Thanks again Bryce.  We will make sure to ask for you on our next visit.
1	Very disappointed. Service was too slow due to being short staffed. I had to send my pizza back twice because there was so much corn meal on the bottom it was gritty and not worth eating. Had to ask for refills more then once and also ketchup for the fries. No wonder they are giving Groupons for this place.
5	Food is fantastic.  Fries are up there with best ever.  Our server was outstanding. Polite and attentive, she knew about everything on the menu and the history of the company. Will definitely return
5	I had a bad experience here with an employee that no longer works there. When David the owner found out about it, he personally came to apologize and make it right. He was extremely genuine and just wanted to fix anything that was wrong. He really went above and beyond what I would expect out of any business owner. The food is also amazing. Try the fig and prosciutto pizza, it's delicious.
5	I had the pleasure of dining at this location today for lunch. From the time my husband and I walked in everything was perfect. Our server today was Kaitlen and she was beyond attentive. She answered all of our questions with ease and made us feel very welcome. Our drinks never went empty and we were promptly provided with everything that we needed. The lunch special was perfect! We were able to try multiple things on the menu while keeping the portions smaller but it was enough to fill you up and then some! The shrimp pizza, as well as the strawberry and gorgonzola salad, was amazing!We will definitely be returning soon... They offer a great happy hour and daily specials that make this experience well worth your hard earned dollar!
3	Pizza was very good, service was excellent. Ambiance? Not so much. It's possible we were expecting a little too much but the wide windows facing into the setting sun and the overall noise level of the place due to the concrete floors made the night a little less comfortable. Given the choice, probably would stick with Mellow Mushroom and definitely will spend more time at Oregano's once it's open.
5	This was a great place. Stopped in just to try out the happy hour, and it's the best I've been to in  the phoenix area. Four Peaks craft brew on happy hour price for $2.50. Thumbs up for that. I've been to other places that would charge twice that claiming it's imported, even though it's a local brewery. The happy hour food menu wasn't extensive, but there were a few quality key items that rocked. 9" personal pizza for $6.50, and I think the pizza here is excellent. I also ordered the fries ($4) expecting a small side of fries. What I got was a good sized dish with a mountain of fries covered in parmesan and parsley. It was awesome! There were so many fries I couldn't eat them all and shared with the people next to me at the bar, so they bought me a beer. Finally, the staff were so cool and attentive. Caitlyn is a great bartender and very friendly. Plus it was so nice outside, they had the windows open and it just made the night that much more enjoyable.
1	Ordered 2 pizzas. The good news had a groupon. The bad news the pizza! Both pizzas needed a spatula to pick up a slice without it slopping all over the place. All the ingredients on the pizza plate before you can eat it. The weakest thin pizza I've ever had. If they offered a free pizza I would decline it.
3	The ambiance is nice and the pies are average.  The interior and patio are joined via an open concept and they seem to have great happy hour specials every day.  I tried the lunch special (a pie and soup).  Although it was decent, it wasn't anything to write home about.
2	My girlfriend and I thought we'd try this place out because we purchased a Groupon. Once we arrived we were greeted and let us choose any table because they weren't very busy; given it was a Wednesday night. Once seated at a high top table and given menus we seemed to be ignored. About what felt like ten minutes passed and a lady named Kendra stopped by and asked if we've been helped. We told he we haven't and she asked if we'd like something to drink. My girlfriend and I wanted to try two draft beers. She rudely asked for our ID's and got us our tasters. While she was gone we tried the beers and looked at our Groupon on my girlfriend's cell phone and noticed it was only good at the Kierland location (no biggy). I had to try to make eye contact with the waitress so we could order our drinks. There were probably three other couples eating and one larger table of six (I don't believe a little better service would have been difficult). The draft beer selection was also quite poor although their extensive wine selection makes up for it...IF you're a wine drinker. We finally got our pizza order in as we were half way through our tasty beers and couldn't wait to dive in... we were starving at this point. Our pizza arrived and it looked delicious although it seemed like it should be served in a larger plate (slumping off of the sides). We ordered two waters and began eating. The pizza was delicious and the only complaint was that the pizza was a little too thin. But we really enjoyed it. Our waters never arrived so I flagged down another waitress and asked her for two waters. They came instantly. I know it sounds like I'm nitpicking this place to death but I'm not. I believe we just had a waitress that might have been new or something. We will be back and I hope we have a much better experience.
2	We had a groupon for this place so we thought we would try it. We were very disappointed and won't be back again. We ordered the strawberry Gorgonzola salad and the BBQ chicken pizza. The salad was ok but had hardly any dressing so we had to ask the waiter for more. The strawberries were slightly mushy so I'm guessing they were previously frozen and were not fresh. The BBQ chicken pizza was a huge disappointment. The pizza was super spicy and was not your typical BBQ pizza with a sweet BBQ sauce. I wish the waiter had told us it was going to be spicy because we would have ordered something else. The service was ok but overall we were disappointed by our experience.
4	The positives out-weigh the negatives for us.  The only things I would complain about would be: my salad (veggie) was very unfresh, like very unfresh.  The lettuce tasted and looked old, it seemed like it was dressed four hours before I ordered it, because everything was soft.... pains me to confess but I still ate it... hahah!! but to be fair I was STARVING!! hahah!! and if it were fresh it would be a great salad.  The bathrooms were not clean.  These two things were troubling, but we still enjoyed our meal, the SOP was very good, pepperoni was good, kids meal corn dogs were very good, our waitress was GREAT, we would go back, especially with their frequent groupons :)
4	We love coming here! The pizza is great and the atmosphere is nice for a date. They have great happy hour specials too!
3	The hummus appetizer did not look very appealing but after diving in it was fantastic!  Arugula salad needs one more ingredient, maybe goat cheese.  It's quite flavorless, but not bad.  Service was great!  Atmosphere is great!  The fig an goat cheese pizza was quite delicious and so was the pistachio.  Red velvet cake was blahhh, but the donuts are delicious.
1	Ok ...  This place  is just alright.  Nothing special.  There pizza sauce needs help.  There crust looked and tasted OK. But there a 3 special ingredients missing in there tomato sauce.. The waiter was not enthused when I asked what is popular on the menu. The antipasta board was not good.  This place needs Gordon Ramsay's help seriously
4	I am a little shocked to see that this place has the ratings that have. This was our first time in and we had excellent service and the food was delicious. There was so many options we didn't know what to pick so we had our server help us out. He suggested between the shrimp and the meat lovers and with a toss of a coin SHRIMP was the winner. Sounds strange, looked ever more strange, but don't let that fool you this pizza was full of flavor! Will definitely be back!
5	This place is fantastic! All the food was delectable and the half price bottles on Monday can't be beat.
3	For being about pizza the selection is slim and the service was not that great.  Took a little bit longer to get food due to they were out of things and had to re-order.
5	We were very pleasantly surprised by our experience at Humble Pie! The ambience is very nice. The windows are large and there is an openness to the restaurant. In addition, it was not noisy so we were able to carry on a conversation without having to shout. The food was also very good! We had an iceberg wedge salad which was fresh and crisp and tasty. We also tried the pizza which was great! The crust and toppings were perfect! Our daughter tried the spaghetti and loved it. It was al dente and the sauce was homemade and very tasty. The service was impeccable! Our server was very attentive without being "in the way". And finally, the price of dinner with wine was really reasonable. We will be back. There are so many more things we want to try!
4	Humble pie is a solid 4 star restaurant. Been to several HPs throughout the valley and they are quick and easy choice for a nice pizza meal. Especially when there is a Groupon offered or on their Thursday nite date nite then the prices are very reasonable. Last night we came in to get something to eat before a movie and had a $20 Groupon and ordered the mozzarella cheese bites and the egg pizza which were both excellent. Perfect amount of food to share and the bill was very close to $20. Had great service from Matt as well which made going to Humble very nice. Been to this location 3 times and each time we've had great service and good food. You bet there are better places to go in town for gourmet pizza but if you don't fee like driving far and want something casual then Humble will satisfy your pizza craving.
2	I am sad to say expanding on a great thing is not always a great thing. We have eaten at the original Hilton Village location for years when that was all there was. It was great NY style pizza, cheap prices, especially on wine, and very friendly service. Recently they have expanded to, I believe maybe 5 restaurants now? They changed the menu too. I feel they should have stuck with what they knew. The one location or maybe two  and put in the effort with those. We ate here at the 83rd Ave location this evening and to be honest it was not the best  experience. The good- the fries and asparagus apps were tasty. They were gracious about splitting the check the way we wanted, and my friends say the pizzas were good. I tried the crust which was good but not great.The bad- The service was just terrible. So much so that we were actually getting angry. The hostess was rude and acted like she did not want our business. Our server was nice, but not around. Our birthday gal pal was left without her meal a good five minutes after we got ours. I think she might have waited longer if I did not flag down another staff member and ask them to check. And finally, what is their Caprese Salad all about? The Mozzarella cheese was the consistency of cottage cheese, which I did not care for at all, the basil/pesto sauce was very bland, and who makes Caprese with cherry tomatoes? You can not cut it or layer it. It was very odd to say the least. And the price of a Caprese salad for what you get is very expensive. I have never paid that much for a salad that small and unflavorful and I have eaten Caprese in tons of restaurants before. Finally, the last straw came when gave my friend a small styrofoam box to try to fit her leftovers in. Pizza places should know their business enough that you can not take leftovers in this type of container unless you have one small slice. You should know how to wrap pizza to go if pizza is your business expertise. Very frustrating all around.
1	Sorely disappointed that we didn't get a great new pizza place in our area. The celery and pepperoni pizzas were tasteless and undercooked.  Didn't know you could mess pizza up so badly.
5	I ordered the organic veggie pizza and strawberry salad during the "express lunch" menu today.  I was very pleased with the outdoor seating, the menu selection, the quality friendly service, and the amazing food.  It was delicious!  It was my first time there and I will be back for sure.
3	We decided to come here for dinner tonight since we got a free pizza in the mailer. We had the bruschetta for an app and that was very good. Then went with the pesto chicken pizza for our meal while the kids had a pepperoni pizza. Both were okay nothing out of this world. All the prices seem fair, especially the happy hour looks great. Don't think I will be coming back here again unless it's happy hour. Federal pizza is far superior!
5	our whole family love the place we are regulars since its close to homei have tried most of the menu and its all really goodthe bruschetta is a standout along with the pizzafriendly bar staff
4	This is one of our favorite neighborhood hangs!! We enjoy sitting at the bar and get excellent service from Caitlyn (gosh, I hope I'm spelling her name right). It's great atmosphere, the food is quite good -- I LOVE their BLT sandwich -- and prices are reasonable. Soups are also worth trying, and you can't go wrong with the pizza.
3	They have a good happy hour every day! $2.50 for Four Peaks Kilt Lifter is a pretty good price.  The pizza was fresh and had good flavor. At happy hour you can get a couple of different ones to try and not break the bank. We opted for the regular size meat lovers. The meatballs were a little dry - but I don't think there's not much to be done about that.
2	I would have enjoyed Humble Pie so much more if my initial experience walking through their door hadn't been being talked down to by their hostess.  We were there with several friends for birthday lunch after some ice skating next door.  The place was all but empty, but she wouldn't seat us because we didn't have a reservation and there were 2 large reservations coming in about 2 hours.  So, you can't seat a party of 8 right now because in 2 hours you have two big tables coming in?!  Excuse me?!  We made her seat us anyway and she was all but nice about it.  Once we were past that, our waiter was much much much more friendly, so that saved it along with the yummy food.  We had the tempura friend green beans which were fairly tasty, but not nearly as sumptuous as the french fries topped with parsley, garlic, lemon zest, pecorino cheese, chili flakes and garlic aioli.  They were like eating Lays, once you eat one, you just can't stop.The pizza was just so so to me though.  Once you eat a place like Pomos downtown, it's hard to think of any other pizza as worthy.
5	Awesome ! Had a Groupon. Watched Padres BP on patio, ate great pizza!  Very cool :)
5	Our neighbors suggested going to this restaurant on Saturday night, our first time there. The atmosphere was great, we sat on the patio. Our server was also one of the managers, and he was able to give us quite a bit of information about the restaurant and what is being served. He had a good knowledge of beers and made great suggestions for the table. There were 4 of us and each one ordered a different pizza so we could try them. The Buffalo Chicken and the S.O.P. were the best, and the Grilled Chicken Pesto was also good, but the Fig & Prosciutto did not have a lot of flavor to it. There are other pizzas that also look good and will try them in the future. The service was excellent, the food was great, the beer was awesome, and the atmosphere was perfect. I highly recommend this location to everyone that enjoys this type of food!
5	I took my sister here to try something new and we were pleasantly surprised. The food was excellent and they offered a wide variety of speciality pizzas. I will have to go back to give them a try because I'm sure they are all equally delicious. The staff was excellent and provided the best customer service. We were kindly welcomed and seated right away. Our server was friendly and knowledgable, he made excellent suggestions. Matt was fantastic. I think he's one of the managers here. He walked over to check on us like most managers do, but this was different. He was professional and genuine it just really made us feel welcomed and appreciated for our business. It's not often you get that quality of an experience. I would definitely recommend Humble Pie to my friends and family.
3	Came here because the other restaurants around had a long wait.  So- we tried this.  The appetizer - Antipasto board sucked!Don't waste $11.95 on that.  Did I mention it SUCKED?  I've had this at other places and I was so disappointed.The wait time was long just for the appetizer-  waiting long when I'm hungry makes me very unhappy.My 3 stars goes to the over priced pizza.  Meat lover and artichoke was very good.  Not coming back-  but wanted to share that the appetizer was nasty.  Good luck.
5	My boyfriend and I came here on a Friday night around 8, because we like to skate at AZ Ice Peoria for their late-night Friday I-League. We came in just for drinks but decided to order a little bit of food anyhow. We straight up told our server that we were only going to be ordering small items, and he was perfectly okay with that. He was actually quite attentive and interactive with us the entire meal service, which was very pleasant considering we spend only about $20. We ordered their cheesy bread and the doughnut holes, and let me tell you they were both quite good! The cheesy bread came with a variety of seasoning on top: a mixture of oregano, thyme and other herbs. It came out in a timely manner and wasn't overly cheesy or seasoned. Definitely recommend. The highlight of our stay, though, were the doughnut holes. They're these little balls of deep fried batter covered in powdered sugar, some sort of cinnamon dust and a caramel sauce. They were absolutely delicious! Light and fluffy, yet soo good and filling. Plus, you get a HUGE portion. Like literally a huge mountain of these little gems for less than $5. Probably their best steal on the menu, even though I haven't tasted anything else. I'm sure we'll be back eventually to have some more of their food before late-night hockey! Five stars for food and five stars for service!
5	Loved the pizza! I got the mushroom and it was very delicious! Service was great as well! They have a fantastic happy hour! The skinny size 0 cocktail is very refreshing! There chocolate chip cookie pizza is the best! I defiantly recommend the place!
5	Love, love Humble Pie! It is very near to our home; we visit 2-3 times/month & are never disappointed! GREAT menu, service, happy hour, patio area & kids menu!
4	Awesome restaurant.  Great food. Had a wonderful time and Matt was a great server.  We had the pretzel appetizer along with mozzarella sticks and a trial of all bruschetta.  The kids had chicken fingers. We also ordered two pizzas.  There was nothing left on the table to eat. And you could not beat the happy hour prices.We will absolutely be back.
5	I never write reviews...ever. This place is awesome. I have had a few different servers everytime I go, and they are all awesome. Super nice and informative and they actually seem like that give a crap about your experience and meal. On to the pizza..my favorite place out here is Grimaldis and this place does better than them. I love the meat lovers pizza with the sausage and pepperoni and who can forget the pancetta. For an appetizer I never pass on the red pepper flakes parm fries! hell yes! Great specials for happy hour and Thursday night is date night! Awesome awesome place.
5	Happy Hour drink specials 11-6 and food specials 3-6(Not to mention their weekly day-by-day specials)Humble Pie is exactly that, a humble environment with the atmosphere of a relaxed pizza pub almost out of denver, or portland but in Peoria, Arizona. From countless, delicious wood fire oven pizza's, good beer, friendly and welcoming staff, to a little special industry discount for all in the serving industry I'd say humble pie past the front door is everything you'd expect with a little more.Great location to boot; with all big corporate restaurants lining up and down bell rd, a nice convenient spot for great food, seriously affordable prices, and little to no wait! $2.50 drafts during happy hour, and $9 pizza/salad for lunch.5/5 even if its not the best place I've been too, I really can't complain about 1 thing. Well done!
3	Their pizza has a very unique flavor. It is wood fired or something so the crust is very crispy and black. Not a very saucy pizza. Their wine that is exclusive to them is amazing! Definitely get it if you go.
5	Best little spot on the west side.  Go sit at the bar and have Kaitlen take care of you.  Food is great, happy hour is available on Saturday -- which makes for a nice afternoon spot.  Shrimp on the salad was fantastic and perfect with the wine -- thanks Kaitlen.  Proud of the fact that the humble pie in our neighborhood is the best one we've been to.
5	I love this place! I eat here a couple of times a month. I have never been blown away by a glass of wine here, but they have affordable options that aren't bad. I have tried at least half of the pizzas on their menu. Get what sounds good to you, but their sour dough crust in a fire oven is phenomenal. I haven't tried too many of the other options on their entree menu. Happy Hour is an even better choice for affordability, and it runs until 6. I love the green bean tempura appetizer best, but the others are delicious as well depending on what you are in the mood for. I definitely recommend. Kaitlen is the best, and I love the manager here, David - always friendly and smiling.
5	Went in on a Friday early afternoon for lunch. They had a lunch special with a 12" pizza along with soup or salad for $10.95. It's a great deal and actually I had leftover pizza. The chopped salad was delicious with salami & turkey and an herb vinaigrette. We also ordered the tomato bruschetta. The bread was amazing. The buffalo mozzarella was good, but a little bland and creamed. Balsamic vinegar and tomatoes were perfect with a little basil too.  I ordered the meat lovers pizza and it was very good. The sauce and crust were cooked perfectly. The service was awesome, very attentive. Definitely will go back!
4	The place is nice and shiny.  We were seated quickly and then waited for 15 mins before we got our drink orders.  The service was slow for lunch.  Had to ask for refills a few times.Fried Mozzarella:  flash fried, house-made mozzarella, with tomato dipping sauce.  These things are super crispy and good.Steak & Turkey Chili:  black & white beans, tomato, onion, spices, sour cream.The server said it was not spicy but YES it was.  And it didn't taste good.  Meat Lovers Pizza:  OK, pizza was awesome.  It get a little soggy 1/2 way through the pizza.
4	We had a great experience at Humble Pie. It has a relaxed atmosphere with low lighting. A lot of items to choose from with great service. We enjoyed the mac & cheese, the bbq chicken pizza, and the donut holes. We will be back again soon.
3	It is expensive for a strip mall place, no ambience, euro style pizzaIt is just okConsidering all the competition in this space I am surprised they can keep the doors open
4	I had a nice meal here! I went for lunch and they have a few nice specials on the menu. Small Pizza, or 1/2 sandwich/salad, or Soup & 1/2 salad. For around $10I went with a Meatball sandwich and Chopped salad. Chopped salad was pretty simple but fresh and crunchy, few strips of meat in there as well. Meatball sandwich was surprisingly good on a nice bun! Service was great and loved their outdoor seating. A place I'd go back to in the future to possibly try their pizza.
5	Delicious pizza, desserts and good selection of wines. They have wine bottle specials on Mondays and we will be checking that out for the first time today. Been there on a handful of times and have never been disappointed. My mother in law suffers from celiac, she has to have their gluten free crust and says it's the best she's had anywhere. She's from New Jersey so it must be pretty decent
4	Really another very good lunch! Tried the pizza this time  10" Sausage-Onion-Pepper and I was impressed. Great crust and very good ingredients.  Much better than expected and I am a super critic with pizza due to my Chicago roots. Service was great again! Love their outdoor area
5	This is the only place that I would order gluten free pepperoni pizza. I love their thin crust with generous amount of pepperoni and and not too overload of cheese. My husband and I usually order fried green beans and gluten free pepperoni pizza. We share the food and it was satisfying for two of us.
4	I tend to score perhaps higher than normal because when I like a place I want people to know. Tonight I got the Margherita pizza and while it was very good there were chunks of the pizza with no cheese on it! Now this is my favorite type of pizza and it comes in an impressive variety despite the limited ingredients. Sure the bites with cheese were fantastic, the crust is great and they clearly use quality cheese but the portions without?... well I started to skip those soon enough. Next time I'll have to specifically ask that they leave no blank spots! I asked for extra cheese as it was. Regardless of this serious flaw the pizza was still top notch.
5	Some of the best food around. I've never been disappointed when my husband and I select Humble Pie for our date night. We've always been seated almost immediately, the service is very friendly and efficient and the music and atmosphere is always relaxing. My only problem is deciding on what to get, everything is always SO good! Keep up the good work!
2	The place was 2/3 empty and yet the hostess tried to seat us next to the front door. I wish I could say the pizza was worth the lackluster service, but alas no. As a New Yorker I found myself fighting a strong urge to throw it across the room.
2	Food is great, service is terrible. I ordered my little brother spaghetti and meatballs, and it came out with no meatballs. When the waitress came back, she bluntly asked me, "what's wrong with it?" And then told me it didn't come with meatballs, even though it clearly said it did on the menu.Another issue was that my girlfriends salad came out with the wrong dressing, and they took at least fifteen minutes to bring her out a new one.So after we enjoyed our meal, I get the check and the supposed comped salad was actually charged twice on the receipt. When asking the manager about it, he argued with me and finally, very rudely, fixed the order. I will not be going back there, which is unfortunate because the Penne in Vodka Sauce is delicious.
