3	Found out Harbor Freight Tools recently opened a new store in Avondale. On the S/W corner of Dysart and Van Buren. ALL RIGHT! I thought at the time, but found out later not so ALL RIGHT. Went there to purchase a multi-meter which was on sale for 50% off. It was $9.99 but sale price was only $4.99. Cool...It wasn't a top of the line meter but it was ok for my needs ie. checking batteries and some minor trouble shooting etc. I also noticed some rechargeable drills on sale too. Got all the way home and discovered some segments missing from the digital display and had to exchange it for a good one the next day. I opened and tried it in the store to make sure it was good. No problems and staff was courteous and helpful. Remembering the sale on drills the following day, I mentioned it to my wife and she suggested to my daughter that it would make a good Father's Day present. My daughter and I went there and purchased an 18 volt rechargeable drill for $29.00 on sale for $19.00. Got all the way home and found that the drill worked great but the battery charger was damaged. Had to drive all the way back the next day to exchange it for a good one. All told, 4 days, 100 miles about $12.00 in gas not to mention the time factor, it was an unexpected ordeal to say the least. The money I saved on the tools went to paying for the gas. My suggestion to all future customers that read this is to make sure the items work properly before leaving the store if possible and save your receipt. They also have a 90 day return policy. I learned my lesson the hard way. Good luck.
5	Lots of good deals at harbor freight
5	These guys are really friendly.  Trust me.  I have been to probably over 10 Harbor Freight Tools but mostly in California.  Which I thought was weird because i think customer service in California is better.  But this store has great service.I go in with the Free Stuff Coupon and they are still smiling and helpful even if I just go in for the free stuff.  Other stores, the cashiers have sour faces and no customer service.  I guess don't work for a store that advertises free stuff.  LOL
5	Kenny hooked us up!  We went to get a dust collector for the shop as we had a coupon for $159 vs. The $209 they were originally along it.  We went to check out & Kenny discounted it 25% from the $159 & sold us the extended warranty so we ended up paying $149 with the extended warranty.  Thank you Kenny for helping us get our shop in order & saving us money.
