3	I'm kind of on the fence about this place right now. I have been about 5 times and the quality of service and my over all pedicure totally depend on who does it, which I suppose is average among nail salons. The reason I keep going back is for the adorable hand painted designs they do. Who doesn't love argyle toes? They have several designs to choose from ranging from argyle to polka dot and everything in between... for a  mere $10 extra. I end up paying a total of $40 including tip. I'm one of those girls that gets irritated if I am in the chair any less than 45 min but I prefer an hour. I always get the deluxe option and the last two times I went it wasn't so deluxe... but I left with the cutest toes ever. It's such a toss up.
3	First, if adorable toenails are important to you this is the place to go.  They have TONS of designs to choose from (I don't just mean a flower on the toe) you can have plaid, polka dots, seasonal designs, everything!  I always get lots of compliments on my toes and I have never gotten the same design twice.The salon itself is nothing fancy.  I guess it's what to be expected from a nail place by Home Depot.  Also, don't bother calling ahead for an appointment -- I swear they don't write them down and just take people as they come in the door.  Prices are reasonable.  Heads up, you can pay with debit/credit but the want cash tips and always roll their eyes if you try to tip on the card.
4	This place is the greatest when it comes to getting a toenail design!!! It's so hard when I go b/c there is like 500 choices to look at!Also, if you are into pink and white gel nails, this place is great for that too.Quality....they named it right b/c your hands and nails will look great after you leave!
4	This is the first place I've gone in quite a while where I told the girl what I wanted and *gasp* I actually got it. I did have to wait about 35 minutes before they got me in, but it was very reasonably priced, and my nails look great. I LOVE pedicures, however didn't get one due to time constraint, but I will go back and let you know what I think! Also, they had so much nail art it was ridiculous! Great for anyone who wants unique nail design.
4	I was true to my word. I came back for a pedicure. One of the best I've had in a long time (the only better is from a salon that is now closed *tear*)... the massage chairs work like a charm, and there's a ton of nail art to choose from... all of the ladies around me got very different designs, yet all of them looked fantastic.  No magazines were accessible to me so I just sat there staring off into space most of the time.  My pedicure was base 18 bucks, but after callus removal and nail art was added, I was looking at 33 before tip... not too bad, but not fantastic either. I'll be back when I have some extra cash to blow!
2	Crappy pedicures and poor customer service, but Cute designs! The patterns are creative and unique and they are always changing it up! Other salons copy their designs, and they know this so they also know they don't have to care about how they treat people or their level of service. Like the hot guy in school that know's he's hot, so if you walk off he knows there are ten others behind you waiting to take your place. Of course upside is when you walk around with him all your friends are complimenting you on how hot he is. I've seen them nick a lady who was clearly upset, and totally not care. Luckily, they have been decent to me, but I've seen the take-it-or leave it attitude and eye-rolling demonstrated towards other customers and there always tends to be that feel of slam-bam-thank you-ma'am. All that would normally turn me off completely, but some of the designs are just straight up cool and I haven't found another place that can compete for the price. Because the actual pedis are mediocre at best- I usually go and just get the paint/design done. That way I'm in and out and I don't leave feeling frustrated and unsatisfied ;).
4	I drove from Mesa just to visit this place after multiple friends raved about the nail art. Sure enough they had a million different options for nail art. I payed $33 for pedicure calluse removal and argyle nail art. The girl who did mine was very sweet and did a great job she made small talk but allowed me to relax as well. I also payed $25 for a gel no-chip manicure. I was less than impressed with it, she did an ok job but the polish job was mediocre, she soaked my hands for a minute, did a quick file, and a very fast cuticle treatment and that was it. I expected a little more but I do think the gel polish will last, ultimately that's what I was looking for..
4	I am the type of woman that craves the fancy toes. Luv Luv Luv fancy toes & pretty feet! Had a great person who did awesome designs on nails & toes but moved to a different shop, so I had to venture out and find me a new place. I was told about Quality Nails from a coworker who told me that they had hundreds of designs; I said really, I don't know about that. But OMG they do!! I haven't had the same style yet and haven't even come close to  of their designs. I'm like a kid in a candy store and have a hard time figuring out which one to pick. I always get the deluxe pedicure, and am pleased with the service. The ladies at the shop are friendly and never have been rude to me. I am pleased to have found this little haven in the valley!
5	This place is great!  They have the best designs for a reasonable price.  They are relatively fast and priced.  I was told about this place about a year ago by my boss.  I usually get designs on the toes (standard), my eyebrows waxed, a manicure with buff and shine....after gratuity $60.  I do wish they had they have a great tv, but it never plays anything I would expect at a womens salon...although I do see men.  I usually have such a hard time picking the designs.....PS. It's easier for them if you do cash but if not, at least gratuity in cash.
4	i went awhile without nails since i moved and was having some trouble finding a place that i really liked( yes us women get attached to our nail tech so its hard moving on to someone new). No complaints. Quick service, decent prices. lots of pedicure chairs also. 100's of nail art designs to choose from if your into spunking up your nails(which i am) ...  glad i gave this place a shot since i had mixed emotions based on other reviews... goes to show ya only really can judge for yourself!
4	Took my Momma there for a little Sunday fun after a friend raved about the fun designs. It's a pretty no fuss pedicure, but the designs are super cute. My Mom got a little collection of flowers and rhinestones on her big toe. I opted for a argyle-like design with pink, white & black. I loved it. The number of designs is overwhelming, but you are sure to find something you will like.
2	First time here this evening. Got a mani, pedi, and lip wax. I feel that I got a good quality mani and pedi. In fact, I recall thinking during my service that the tech was very thorough getting all the dead skin and rough spots off. I was also very impressed with the extensive selection of designs that are hand painted (no stensils!). Keep in mind, if you want a design, they start at $12 in addition to the pedicure. Also, they charge you an additional $5 to remove calluses, which I did not like. Shouldn't that be included in a pedicure?! I've never been charged for callus removal.As far as customer service, I've been to enough nail salons to not misconstrue a lack of confidence in English as rudeness. So I didn't hold the aloofness of my nail tech against her. She did a quality job on my nails.I do have one MAJOR concern about this place and that is the sanitary practices. Not everyone was wearing gloves doing the pedicures, the tools used looked like they had been sitting out for several uses. Futhermore, during my wax the tech kept RE-DIPPING the stick in the wax. That is a huge NO NO. I requested that she used a different stick each time she had to dip in wax but at that point I already knew the wax was contaminated if she is doing that with every client. GROSS.My lip wax was also not executed correctly. She slapped on the wax sloppily on my face and then once she ripped off the strip she didn't immediately press the skin after so it was really painful.I thought the price was high for pedicure - $25 without design, at least $37 with. Other services were reasonable - $12 for manicure, $7 for lip wax. In short, I won't get another mani/pedi here because I'm concerned about sanitation. Same with the wax - YOU DON'T DOUBLE DIP THE STICK! I would return if I just wanted my nails painted and a cool design.
4	After seeing two women's toes in the grocery store, I HAD to ask where they got their pedicures. They had fireworks on their toes that were totally adorable. My mom and I were pointed to Quality Nails. We waited about 20 minutes (on a Saturday!) which was okay with us. Everyone was served in order of arrival which is a very refreshing change. The pedicure was a little rushed but in the end we are happy. We will be returning but probably during the week to see if our pedicure lasts a little longer :)P.S. I am not sure where Janee saw that designs only start at $12. The MAX you will pay is $12. They start at $5 just like all other places.
4	I had a good pedicure although the nail tech who was doing my pedicure appeared rushed and distracted. She was looking at the front door rather than at my toes. After I made a comment to my daughter while the Tech ran to the front of the store she did slow down a little. The skin on my toes are still rough most likely because she rushed through that portion of the pedicure. I did enjoy the designs and massage chair. We will go back during the week for another try to see if the service is better. I love the design choices and the time spent painting the nails.Worth a try!!
5	Best nail art in town and I even get my eyelashes done here!  Not the top quality when it comes the supplies used in the eyelash extensions, but the prices are phenomenal and I get tons of compliments on my lashes which look a lot like a baby camel if that gives you any idea how long and lush they are.  Sarah H and I will be back next week for some fancy toes before Labor Day.
4	This is my favorite nail place because they make your toes look beautiful!  Any design you can dream of they do!  No joke!  I have been there many times and had great service all, but once.  I will always go here first when selecting a nail salon!
1	Don't come here unless you feel like getting cut & bleed. Worst service ever. After I told them both my son and I are bleeding. They said don't come back. What they thinking?  Me wanting to bring my son & I back to get cut & donate blood?  NOT!
1	I got a manicure with gel, pedicure, and brow wax by 3 different people that day and don't recommend any of them.  Will never go back!  When you first walk in it looks a little nicer then most salons.  But the service didn't match the decor.  The girl doing my pedicure looked like she was high on something.  She was going so fast so rough and a little bit jittery.  Very Strange, can't quite put my finger on what that was all about.  The girl who did my manicure was just "ok" but less then 24 hours later my nails were already showing chips and wear.  They had a special do my brow wax was not good at all.  First she took scissors and cut my brows which no one has ever done before because I hardly have any brown to begin with just needed them shaped up before vacation.  Then she took wax and was so sloppy about where she put it.  It ended up getting on my eyelashes.  Couldn't wait to get out of there.  Will never go back.
1	I went to Ana to have my nails done not even a week ago and the gel is peeling off of all my nails!!! Horrible job and I spent $45.00 which is a lot higher than most in the Valley.  Will not be back!!
1	QUALITY NAILS IS NOTQUALITY NAILS IS NOT.  I patronized this shop on a Saturday afternoon WITH AN APPOINTMENT.  The shop was busy with bookings and continued to take walk-ins.  The techs RUSHED thru my pedi and fill.  As a result the DESIGNS ARE SLOPPY AND AMATUERISH looking.  This is especially annoying since it was the owner, Lisa, who did my fill.  She got up at least 4 times and was so distracted that she over looked bubbles and a lump in the gel polish.  I'm very disappointed in this shop since it was recommended to me because of their expertise in designs and nail art.To add insult to injury, when I discussed the issues with Lisa today she didn't see anything wrong with the end product. While we were discussing how the price for my services was calculated we discovered she OVERCHARGED ME AT LEAST $5.  In the end Lisa grudgingly refunded $15 to me.  I' still think I was overcharged and their customer service is the pits.  If there was a way to give a negative score to a business I certainly would give them a negative 5 stars!!!!!
5	Set your expectations accordingly. I will note I don't go during "prime time" like Saturday - I seem to end up there off hours.I usually ONLY get toe nail polish (no pedicure, no thx), because as others said, the hand-painted designs are AMAZING and long-lasting. HUNDREDS of designs to choose from of ANY style-type you are, themes for every holiday, every season, interest, color-scheme, even Hello Kitty, cows, beach scenes, various fruits, sports teams, etc.  Crazy-good. Design stays on for MONTHS... they don't actually "wear off," they are actually half grown-out before they look so bad I have to go back!I have also gotten gel fingernails twice now, and the do fine and it lasts 2-3 weeks as they promised. It's not "luxury," the girls work very fast & don't chat much due to language barrier. But this isn't spa pricing, it's good pricing, fast work, long-lasting nail work.  I would NOT recommend it for a "spa" experience, which seems to be the reason many Yelpers are disappointed.
5	This is my go to spot for my eye lashes. Lisa is really great and always makes sure that i leave happy. Good/fair pricing,.
5	My nails were amazing and so were my eyebrows. The only complaint is that staff were not talkative even when I initiated the conversation. Would still go back since they did great with my nails. Maybe a different nail tech.
2	Used to come here all of time..service is getting worse...today was terrible..girl did not smile one time...just not friendly anymore...bummer...had a pedicure still need a manicure..pink polish here I come.
5	Tried for the first time today. I am very picky and change my mind often but the nail tech Lisa was very nice and finished my pedicure perfectly! She even helped with picking my color at the beginning and helped make it a great experience. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Simple is the best, always.This spot is very clean and relax.Very professional service, I got gel manicure and they did it perfectly! The price is a little high but you get what you pay for. It's worth for sure!The girl who did my nails was very meticulous, she was really an expert in nail. Your time will be enjoyable than ever. I wanna talk more about these amazing guys but you know, I love the short and simple!
5	I love this place ! I have been going to this nail salon for 5 years in Az. I moved to Cali and visit AZ often. When I visit I always get my nails done here! THEY DO A FABULOUS JOB AND i wish they came to California and open a shop! I get the most fabulous designs and they do an amazing job. I typically will get a full set and pedicure and its always amazing! Highly recommend!!!!
