5	Good coffee, nice folks, plenty of tables to study on, and a fun selection of books. I'm not particularly radical, but I've had some nice times here. The staff is also super nice.
4	Big Idea is one of those shops that just seems like a perfect addition to Pittsburgh, in my mind anyway. Seriously, if you like tea, vegan munchies and books, then this is a shop for you! The book selection on display here alone is worth browsing - there are literally shelves and shelves of books lining the majority of the walls in the shop. And the range of things covered by these books stretches from fiction stories like "The Hunger Games" and famous sci-fi titles to history and philosophy topics. There's definitely a wide range of options so I think anyone could find something good to read here if they come with an open mind.As for the cafe portion of the shop, I love their tea selections, and all of their food is made from local, organic, seasonal, fair trade, and/or sustainable sourced ingredients. All of their food is vegan as well, so while it can taste a little different to the uninitiated on a first visit (which was me once upon a time), their options really grow on you if you give them a chance. Big Idea is admittedly a small-scale operation so sometimes they're a little low on food, but that's totally forgivable. They make a mean hummus and pita snack, and the staff - all volunteers - are super nice and will do whatever they can to help you; they've even offered to carry my tea back to me once it's done brewing!I've definitely come to love this cool little shop more and more over the past year, and now I stop in at least once a month for my tea, snack and book fix. I say stop on in and open your mind and tastebuds, and you'll love this cozy little place as much as I do.
4	The Big Idea is not for everyone; if you like your food processed and your ideas pre-packaged, you might find yourself out of your element here. But if you think "radical" is a synonym for "interesting" and you want want some of the best pizzelle cookies I've had in Pittsburgh, it's worth stopping in.  The inside is cozy, and while they don't have a huge selection, they do delve deeply into areas (like gender politics, the politics of race) that many bookstores don't fully address. But they also have 'zines, literature, even a travel section. The best way to describe what they carry is "thought-provoking," in a good way. Why not really engage with what you read, question what you know? You can get a Jackie Collins novel anywhere, but if you but if you want to read bell hooks or Tim Wise, this is the place to go.
5	You really can't say no to a giant french press of tea or coffee for two dollars. Not to mention, everyone I've ever interacted with here has been kind. And secretly badass.
2	You know, every once in a while I go to an establishment where I have conflicting feelings from 2 of my personalities. Overall, I feel that I'm a pretty laid back guy who isn't incredibly sophisticated and doesn't sweat the small stuff. However, I feel that I definitely draw the line at a certain point- and that point today was that I prefer not to enter an establishment whose baristas serve tea and goodies barefoot. I'm going to set the stage here. I've wanted to stop in this place for quite a while. I was enjoying the beautiful weather today and I got my bike out and decided to head over there. I walked in and immediately enjoyed the place: it was very anti-establishment, a nice and cozy non-profit shop (I think it's run by volunteers)- and sat down to enjoy a great cup of lavender tea. I even walked around and perused a couple sections of the small library of books. It wasn't until I sat down that I noticed that the guy behind the counter was barefoot. At first I simply tilted my head out of curiosity, but the more I thought about it the more it bothered me. I wouldn't say I'm a stickler for the rules, but this has to be breaking some health code. At one point this guy even walked to the bathroom and back. As much as I want for this not to be a big deal to me, I just can't get past it. Just as I was about to write a glowing 4-star review of this place, the horror and image of the bare feet and all of the amazingly intricate battles my two selves were having came to mind (and they involved communities of bacteria from the toilet seat rearing their ugly heads into my cup of tea). Sorry guys, maybe anarchism wasn't as cool (or clean) as I originally thought.
