2	I visited the Cold Stone in uptown today to satisfy my smoothie craving. I wasn't too impressed with my order, and it definitely seemed a bit lacking. The service was okay, although there were not that many people in there so I don't know how they'd be with a crowd. But they seemed pretty attentive and didn't break out into an annoying song, which is always good. I ordered the blueberry pineapple smoothie, which looks great in the pic and has always been great whenever I had ordered it before. But when I got it, it just tasted like watered down processed fruit. For almost five bucks for a small, you'd expect a little better than that. The cool thing is that it's in the epicentre, and there is so much building going on over there that hopefully it will get better once more people are around. It was nice to walk around and see what's going in there and how far along the process is. Overall, this Cold Stone was just alright.
3	It was 85 degrees at 10pm. Thank goodness this was still open! Located in the central entertainment area called the EpiCenter.Ordered a Like It with Coffee and Vanilla combination. It was so hot outside that my ice cream started melting the moment I walked out of the store. This was the only time I wished they didn't heap on the ice cream until it overflowed the container. Hit the spot perfectly.
4	ALERT ALERT!!  This was the first time that I have ever been to a Cold Stone Creamery.  I know what you're thinking?? Where have I been locked up for the past ten years?? I don't know what was wrong with me.  This place was so unique, and I have never seen ice cream prepared in that fashion.  I ordered the Strawberry Blonde and they threw everything together right in front of me on a cool slab of steel.  They beat all the bananas and graham cracker crust right into the ice cream and served it up.  No fighting through layers here.  It's all mixed together beautifully.  The only reason I didn't slap this place with 5 stars was because of the size of the location.  It was a little jammed packed in there and the store was kinda small for a center uptown location.  But packed with people usually means "good" eatings.  Give it a try and enjoy!**hint** I think you will be totally satisfied with the small size cup.  They still load you up with a ton of ice cream.  Any size bigger is a little excessive.  -Ian M.
4	EpiCentre location rocks!  Went there with my free birthday coupon last Friday night, and Jamal did his thang with my "like-it" gone all-the-way-over-the-top to a "love-it" creation!  I'm talkin' banana ice cream and cheesecake ice cream mixed with an Oreo cookie, caramel, and whipped cream mix-ins that were topped off with a nice dallop of dark chocolate ice cream...  Ooooh baby, it was a big girl's fantasy!!!  Just oh so DECADENT, since birthday calories don't count!  wink!  P.S.   Shout out to Tara for the evening connect to Jamal since I couldn't walk over at lunch time... much appreciated!
4	It's no surprise that I love ice cream. I love pretty much any treat...I'm an equal opportunity dessert eater. And even though it's a chain, I've been a Cold Stone fan since high school. Honestly, what's not to love? Big hunks of cool ice cream in delectable flavors stuffed with a myriad of toppings, whipped around and stuffed in a cup. My personal fave is Founders Favorite but I have yet to have a combination that I didn't love. I always go with a "Like It" size and still have some left over. That's a ton of ice cream, yo. This location is pretty clutch if you're walking around EpiCentre and need a quick sweet treat. The employees seemed quite happy to be there and help us even though it was close to closing time. Yay for happy, shiny people making my ice cream!One major point of contention, though, I hate when they sing. It makes me feel sorry for the employees. Therefore, I'll tip when they're not looking so they don't have to break out into song.
4	I visited Cold Stone Creamery yesterday. I had been wanting some Butter Pecan for days and decided to go in there after work. The service was excellent, the guy that served me was very friendly and funny. I got my ice-cream to go but by time I got to my car I indulged and my I might say it was totally awesome. Looking like a pig eating ice-cream in my car I stopped and headed home and had some more for dessert after dinner. Perfect location for the perfect ice-cream Good job to Cold Stone..
