5	Prompt communication, reasonable prices, patient people, and the answer to two left feet...that is Dance Charisma!I found the studio through a google search because the web site offered a free intro private lesson to discuss a wedding dance.  Eric R. and I are not known for our dancing prowess, so we need help!  We heard back very quickly via email and booked our appointment.That day we were assigned the very talented Erin as our instructor.  When she heard our wedding song, she identified the dance immediately (Eric R. thought she was speaking in code!)  Lo and behold, our slow song requires a difficult and complicated dance not recommended for beginners.However, these instructors are passionate about their craft and love helping beginners.  We mentioned yelp for $10 off our package and also got a special introductory price.  Because of our limited time frame, the studio promised to work with us to make us look as a good as possible with the time we have left.The package includes private lessons, group classes, and practice parties.  We have taken advantage of all of these opportunities and had a lot of fun - at the party our dance was one of many to practice so other instructors taught us some steps for other dances while we looked lost.  Erin even gave us a few minutes of private instruction to practice our dance in the other studio room.  The group class we attended focused on beginners and really helped us with basics.We have had fun dancing together and know Dance Charisma will help us look great on our wedding day!
5	This is an amazing studio! Kahale is an incredible teacher and she makes your lessons so fun! Nancy has an amazing staff and the nights out on the town with the other students are a blast!
2	I used to study ballroom here.  The teachers are decent, but the prices are ridiculous.  Ever week, they're charging you for SOMETHING else.  Competitions, shoes, dresses, classes, more privates to prepare for competition...I dropped way more money here than I ever planned, and I do NOT feel I received my money's worth in instruction.The owner is rude, and will pressure you into spending more money than you want.Her staff, at least when I studied there, left MUCH to be desired.
1	I was supposed to have a lesson at Dance Charisma. I went in to find that they suddenly closed their doors. They suggested I go to ballroom addiction who they turned all their students over to. I thought I would be better off trying somewhere else considering the situation and went to Fred Astaire dance studio. At Fred Astaire they treated me wonderfully, I've been taking lessons there ever since then.
