5	I come here probably at least once a week. The prices are right, there's a good variety of "ethnic" food, the cashiers are quick and friendly, and they're just helpful. I locked myself out of my car when having a space-cadet moment and they let me use their phone to call AAA to bail me out. Fresh flowers + great selection of wine and cheese + all the essentials They deal is that they cut out the middle man to get great prices for quality products and they don't have sales because they always sell their products at the best price possible. =) GO TJ'S!
4	Ode to Trader Joe'sSeasonal produce of mellow fruitfulness!Island themed friend of the tropical sun;Conspired to load the shopping cartWith fruit and veggies that round the table run;Oft whoever seeks tasty may find.To swell the freezer, and fill the pantry shelvesWith a delicious variety of inspired cuisine,Who hath not sampled amid thy store?Sometimes returning again and againSeeking thy tiny cup of gratis java.Where are thy Joe-O's? Ay, where are they?Think of them, and thy hast cheeses too,Then in a clanging call the young cashiers beseechOpen yet another among the checkout standsAnd gathering shoppers swoon in the lot.WIth a nod to Keats
5	Any time I'm looking to move somewhere, one of the first questions I ask myself is: "Does Trader Joe's have a location nearby?"Love this store. Do 3/4 of my shopping there, easy.  I like the small size.  And their liquor/wine/beer price + selection ratio usually can't be beat.  Except for this location.  Not sure if being in "Mormon-town" Mesa has anything to do with, or not, but the selection is less extensive compared to other Trader Joe's I've been to.  Regardless, I'll never forget this party I was at in LA, years ago, where I met this guy who was a beverage distributor.  I was raving about Trader Joes and he just started shaking his head.  I asked what's wrong and all he said was "Man, those guys beat me up on price so bad, I won't even deal with them anymore."  So there you have it.  Trader's Joes beats the stuffing out of the evil distributor middle-man and passes the saving on to you. Other benefits include helpful staff, inexpensive flesh flowers, and the tasty free sample shack.
3	I live near trader joes, i like it. It's  very clean, clerks are nice, quick and helpful. They always have something on sale for a great price. And I have 4 kids so milk is a big thing and the kids love it. It just taste fresh.
5	i love trader joe's!!! i think they're selection of products are just GREAT!!! i can't get enough of it.the place is clean and the people are friendly. it's right next to michaels which is also great. it's in a convenient place. it seems like the people there are nutty-crunchy which i love!!
5	I started shopping exclusively at Trader Joe's years ago. Well, almost exclusively. If I didn't need a wider selection of produce I'd only shop there. I enjoy that their food has higher quality ingredients than the regular grocery store. I like looking at the back of a package and not seeing 35 ingredients with names I can't pronounce. I also dig the fact they don't use preservatives and that they have dried fruit without sulfites. Their food tastes better, there's not a whole lot of added crap, and everything is fresher. Some food is seasonal, like those specialty shrimp they sell around summertime, which are fantastic! Everything about it makes me happy. I'm in and out in no time and the people working are always friendly and give me good advice on new food.
4	I love the cheese assortment at Trader Joe's. I love trying new stuff here. I just picked up some cheese, ham, peach salsa, spicy hummus and pasta. Doesn't that sound like a yummy meal?  :pIt drives me nuts how busy this place is. I would love to come here just once and have this place to myself.  And I would come here more often if there was another location closer to east Mesa.
5	Trader Joe's is on my top 5 list of places to shop (and it's the only grocery store). Their store is unassuming and right-sized (not humongous like some of the big chains). Their product offering is usually delicious and made with wholesome ingredients - preservatives and additives are kept to a minimum if at all. And if you need an organic product, chances are they have it. ALL their milk is hormone-free and usually only about $2 a gallon. Oh, and they've been implementing BYOB (bring your own bag) since years before any  of those big chains caught on.Since my discovering them about 2 years ago, I have a "TJ's favorites" list which I won't bore you with right now. However know that this is the ONLY place in Phoenix that has a large selection of imported wines. Like the big chains they carry wines from Australia, France and Sonoma, but you'll also find whole sections from Chile, Argentina, Spain and my personal favorite, Italy. Oh, and did I mention that most of them are under 10 bucks? In fact my favorite Italian is only $5.99!Speaking of Italy, check out the frozen section for their Margherita pizza (actually made & baked in Italy, then frozen and imported). Jar pasta sauces are fabulous (I recommend the Rustico), and pasta is cheap and good! They have a dry cheese tortellini that feeds a crowd of 8-10 for under $3 a package.Obviously I could go on and on, but you can see for yourself. You absolutely MUST go TODAY!
5	i love tjs there selection of vegies,cheeses,flowers,ect ,ect, ect all at such great prices, and just there over all selection of intresting products, i  am like a kid in a candy store,
4	Trader Joe's is a very nice alternative grocery store. They have things that aren't available at your conventional grocery store. I love that they sell low-fat 100 calorie peanut butter, 90-calorie vegan soy ice cream sandwiches that taste as good as the real thing, and vitamins that don't contain gelatin. Their products are also pretty inexpensive on top of that. I'm definately coming here more often. The only drawbacks are that it can get pretty crowded due to it being a smaller store and also I'm not a big fan of the shopping center that it's located in.
4	This place is the best! Prices are decent. They have tons of things to choose from from a vegetarian standpoint. Sometimes the bigger chain stores have a little veg section but not much for me to chose from. These guys definitely have it covered :) A lot of their stuff is fresh and organic which is another plus. They have a big wine selection too! The only downfall to this particular location...its tiny! So even at not so busy times it's a little hard to maneuver around your little cart trying not to bump into to many people while making your way through. The lines can get a little long but the cashiers are pretty good about quickly (and efficiently) checking you out of there!
4	This Trader Joe's isn't quite as large as the one in Scottsdale but it still has a great assortment. Prices are always great and they have some seasonal stuff you can't find anywhere else. I like their Trader Joes brand tortilla chips and salsa. The wife loves the wine pricing!
4	Great store for finding specialty items. They also have the cheapest prices I've seen for the energy bars I like. The only thing I wish they had more of is non-foods. Not a huge selection of soaps, shampoos, etc. Still have to go elsewhere for those. As with most specialty stores they are on the pricey side (other than the energy bars!), so I certainly can't do all my regular shopping there.
5	Trader Joe's my have I missed you. After buying two cases of two buck chuck (three now), I ventured around the store to reminisce of old times.
4	Ahhh TJ's, what's on the shopping list:uncured bacon, really good cheese, cashews, walnuts, stir-fry veggies, collard greens in a bag, sweet potato fries, organic coffee, organic frozen berries, the dark chocolate salty almonds, and the almond butter with sesame seeds....Great place to find ready to go meals and the their freezer stuff is always good!  Plus their creative things have saved me from many a boring meal.  Love TJ's
3	We love trader joes.  Great deals. Things we like. We routinely fill up our basket and fill up our fridge and pantry.  But.... The staff and management seem to care more about each other than the customer. Over and over I am surprised at how much the joke and talk to each other and never talk to the customer. I almost feel like I am bothering them!  Today I was finally prompted to write a review because as my son was picking out a little prize, I was moved out if the way by an employee.  Sorry for being in your way!  Seriously the manager needs to have a meeting and remind EVERYONE who really pays their wages. I will be back. But it isn't because I feel like the staff cares. Only because I like the products.
4	Trader Joe's is great. I love this one because the staff is REALLY friendly, and it never gets unbearably crowded. I've encountered a few situations where items which are regularly stocked staples were sold out, but all-in-all I've had numerous positive experiences here.  One thing to keep in mind with any perishable products from Trader Joe's, is that since most of it is very natural food without extra preservatives, etc, is that it tends to expire quickly.. Be sure to check expiration dates before buying an item, and eat em up fast! :)
5	If you don't love TJ's then im sorry but something is wrong with you and you deserved to be high fived in the face...cheap priced healthy fresh not your normal run of the mill food.(say that 5X fast)and the hummus selection is awesome!
4	I really dig the flower selection as well as all the healthy food choices. The store is always squeaky clean and fresh looking! Surprisingly enough, the only real set backs to the place are the people who shop there. I have seen unprovoked rude behavior in the parking lot, in the store, even in the check-out line. That obviously can't be blamed on the store and, sadly, is expected at a more expensive grocery store. Definitely my first stop when I need to cook for the family.
4	Consistently good customer service on any returns. Tremendous diversity of staff--reminds me of my Berkeley days.  The sample chefs are engaging, fun and have a great variety of recipes.Great selection of food and beverage products.  Love the cashew, almond and chocolate trail-mix bags.  Steel-cut oatmeal is a winner!Downside:  very narrow shopping aisles and congested at times, especially the kids with their shopping carts.
5	I love shopping here.  It's small, convenient and the staff is remarkably helpful.  It's fresh and fabulous.
5	I Love Trader Joe's... Gosh I just might be obsessed with Trader Joe's! The more you talk to the staff the more you will get to know their products & even packaging! This isn't a one stop shop grocery store, more like GREAT Quality, Real, Natural, Awesome Grocery Store. IF you don't like how Small it is, IF you don't like the higher prices then you need to go back to Crap-Mart and stay there for the CRAP! :Rant Over:In a silly way... Trader Joe's makes me feel like I live in a small community, where everyone knows each other... Going every week for over a year might be the reason. TJ's is a GREAT Supplement for the Hubster & I after visiting the Gilbert Farmers Market down the street... Here is a list of a few of my personal Favorites: Nothing But Bananas, Villa Alena Moscato Wine, Bolognese Pasta Sauce, Uncured Turkey Bacon, Olive Oils & Balsamic Vinegars, White Mac n Cheese, Goat Cheese with HerbsHave fun when you walk in... Grab some Beautiful Flowers, Grab some Cheese, Meats, Veggies, Bread... try a Sample of their Daily Recipe!
2	I like Trader Joe's, just not a big fan of this location.  It's an extremely small store and someone always seems to be crawling up your arse.  They got a weird parking lot too.  I drive a few more miles and go to the Traders located on McKlintock & Gaudalupe.
3	I love Trader Joe's, but this location is a mess! It's not by fault of the establishment, but the shoppers. It seems that every customer has a child, or four, and they're all pushing small carts and getting in everyone's way because the parents are too busy reading labels to watch them. Watch your kids, and if they repeatedly run into people with their tiny carts whilst screaming...... scold them, for Christ's sake!
4	I am not usually the Trader Joes kinda gal, with four kids I usually shop in pretty large quantities but lately I can't seem to stay away.... from the wine section.  No but really, it is now my favorite store to grab what I need for dinner, along with a bottle of wine and fresh flowers!  Often I find what I am looking for but sometimes they don't carry some of the items I need.  If you need a special item I would suggest calling to see if they have it before heading there.  My kids like the little shopping carts that are perfect for them and they LOVE finding the lizard, when they find her they get a prize out of the treasure box!  The staff is always kind and helpful.  I am sure I will back again sometime this week!!
4	Very friendly staff and a clean store. Great organics and healthy all natural eats. Good wine and beer selection as well.
4	This is the TJ's that is closest to our house, so it's the one I go to regularly. The staff is aces, always helpful, and the stock is totally on point! Watch for snowbirds during the cooler months as they are usually pretty rude, (don't hold doors, cram in front of your cart, don't watch/care where they're driving, etc.) The only other downside to this TJ's location is the parking lot, which is a maze of bizarre proportions.
2	This review isn't about Trader Joe's as an entire company, only this location. I love many of their private label items so I'm at this location at least once a week even though it's 8 miles from my house.What really bugs me about this store is that I see something in the dairy section that is out of code every single time I go there. Once I pointed out to an employee that some yogurt on the shelf had expired two days ago, and he reacted as if I insulted him personally.For the cashiers, the customer service is about 50/50. There are a few unfriendly folks with a bit of attitude, but there are plently who go out of their way to strike up a conversation and are very helpful.
5	Love Trader Joe's! I always come to this location (at least once a week), and I have never been disappointed by the selection and quality. Return policy is great if you ever get food that spoiled too quickly, etc.Staff is always super friendly and has a genuine interest in helping others. When checking out the cashiers are personable and you can have a genuine conversation with them.This is a little smaller of a location, but they still have the necessities. Very wholesome food, really good prices (usually cheaper and better quality than a grocery store), and they have a wonderful selection.They usually have samples of stuff in the back, and for a dinner idea just browse around or even ask one of the associates for ideas! I very much recommend this location and recommend supporting Trader Joe's as a company.
4	For those who don't know, Trader Joe's is a sort of up-scale market.  Their selection is less than one of the big groceries like Fry's, but what they do have tends to be organic, and often rather unique.  Their produce is generally 'clean', as are their meats and dairy.  They carry uncured bacon, not-from-concentrate juices, natural grain breads, and some gourmet frozen foods too.  Among other things.The staff is friendly and helpful, too.Of course you pay for this level of quality.  But given that this is stuff you're putting into your body, I think it's worth it.  If it were more convenient to my house I'd come here more.  Good stuff.
3	Let me start out by saying that I'm not a Trader Joe's fan, but after a recent debate about grocery stores where a friend really stood her ground about it having such great prices, I figured I would suck it up and give this location a try. It's located in a strip mall (surprise!!) with the worst parking lot ever, so I didn't really know what to expect. My only other TJ experiences have been in Center City Philadelphia (gross) and a stand-alone in a suburban Seattle neighborhood.This store is really clean. I went on a Sunday afternoon so it was fairly crowded, but the shelves were stocked and it was pretty easy to maneuver around. If I had a cart it might be another story but I grabbed a basket and went up and down each aisle a couple times. The only messy area was the bathroom but I probably just caught it in between cleaning shifts. Not knowing what I was looking for, I picked up a couple items for dinner and snacks for the kids. Yogurt tubes - good price. English muffins - good price and probably the best I have ever had. Orange Chicken (frozen) - could have been spicier but the kids loved it. Meat dept - expensive...better prices at Sprouts. Frozen blueberries - cheapest around. All-in-all it was a good experience, I was pleasantly surprised, and I started drafting my "okay, you win" text to my friend who stood her ground and I headed to the register.I stood in line and when I was my turn, I told my cashier that I had a bag. This is where they get docked 2 stars. For the amount of time it takes to ring up the 7 items that I had, my cashier made not one, not two, but five smart-ass comments about the fact that I had a Whole Foods bag. I know, I know, what a dumb thing to get bent over, but for me it has to do with service, and Roger (cashier), should just bite his tongue, keep his opinions to himself, and just be happy that I am contributing to his ability to receive a paycheck. I know the $22 I spent is just a teeny-tiny percentage of what the store brings in on a normal day, but because of that interaction, I won't go out of my way to shop there, even if it means saving a couple bucks.
5	I love me some Trader Joe's.They have a great, reasonably priced wine section with out-of-this-world prices on some out-of-this-world wines.  Definitely worth a look-see when you're doing a little grocery shopping. (Or, a look-taste, as the case may be.)
1	Could this place be anymore crowded? I can't get down the aisles, due to crowding of staff, other customers running into me. One gigantic cluster fudge. I did end up buying Kale for my greek tortoise but that is everywhere so I won't be returning. Even then there is no order to checking out. Everyone just cuts in front of you and my God I couldn't get out of there fast enough.
4	I don't get a chance to go to Trader Joe's very often so when I do I kind of go all out. This location is located in a strip mall right next to a Michaels store. The parking is kind of crazy and the set up of the parking lot is weird, just be prepared for that. First off I love the selection of fresh flowers upon walking in, it is very welcoming. I made my way over to the cheese and meats section which always has a great selection. I picked up some great organic ground beef to make some tasty and delicious cheeseburgers tomorrow along with a great smoked gouda.The frozen selection is really good here and you can find some unique and easy dinners for a busy week. The wine selection is outstanding and the prices are even better. Today they were sampling Macaron Prosecco which had a great fruity flavor and I added a bottle to my cart to enjoy alongside my burgers tomorrow.Overall Trader Joe's has a great selection of organic products, unique frozen meals and great wine. How can you go wrong?
5	One of my favorite places to shop at! Their food is amazing and a lot of their stuff you can't find at your local grocery store. They have quality flower bouquets that are cheap. I love how they have little shopping carts so that your children won't be bored and can help you out. I obviously know that if I go on a weekend it will be busier than going on a weekday. It shouldn't be such a surprise since its like that everywhere else you go.
4	Love Trader Joe's -- this location is nearest to me at 20 minutes away. We need more locations in the East Valley.
5	This is my favorite Trader Joe's store.  Love the layout and the employees. It also helps that most of the gents that work here are very easy on the eyes.
5	I love Trader Joe's! I really like picking up unique food items at great prices! Everything has been delicious! The hummus and pita chip snack two pack is really a steal for a healthy and yummy snack! I also love the large selection of cheeses!
4	No matter where I am at I can always trust that I will have a fabulous TJ experience.
4	Judge it for what it is, right? It's a Trader Joe's, and as TJs go, this is middle of the road. Not the nicest location not the worst. Not the best parking, not the worst, not the cleanest store, but not the filthiest. I won't go off here about how I maybe just don't *get* Trader Joe's and I kind of find it a teensy bit annoying when people gush about the place. Nope. You won't hear me say that I think it's a store full of a few things you could use, and a bunch of stuff that no one really needs. Not that I mind superfluous things. Just maybe this isn't my kind of superfluous. What I will say, though, is that other stores have horrible gluten-free bread, and they carry Udi's. Which is maybe not the best bread in the universe, but when you're going to make French toast and you have two gluten-free people eating (and one who is on-again, off-again gluten-free) you probably need to buy a loaf of it. Side note: Who really ever uses the phrase "on-again, off-again" in conversation? If you're on, you're on. If you're off, you're off. And if you're back on, were you ever really off?
5	It's always awesome to find a TJ's nearby, and this one certainly didn't disappoint!!Friendly, helpful staff and they don't charge you for paper bags, like they do in the Republic of California ;-PGood times in Mesa, AZ!!!
4	If you've been to a TJ's, you know the drill: tiny, chaotic, oddly structured parking lot, cheaper than Whole Foods, and typically great customer service. This TJ's is no different and I love it.The staff is always nice and friendly at checkout and I've managed to get a few great product tips from them. Be nice and they'll share their favorites with you too!Since there is no Whole Foods in the area, I pretty  much rely on TJ's and AJ's for my groceries and because TJ's is cheaper, I buy most everything here. A lot of their produce is seasonal and while they don't typically have the variety of WF or AJ's, they will from time to time have some exclusives that I haven't seen anywhere else like black garlic.The cheese selection is fantastic, but my only ding is that most of the blocks that they sell are huge-sometimes I just don't want that much brie (and neither should anyone else, for the sake of their health).A great TJ's in what can often be a food desert. Why yes, I AM a fan!
5	I don't know how they manage to find such pleasant and helpful employees at every location I've been to but I never have a problem getting help, never get an attitude when I ask a question even if they are in the middle of stocking shelves etc.  They always stop what they're doing to answer my question and usually walk me to the section where the item would be if they have it.  They are more congenial than Disneyland employees!On top of that, the prices are unbelievabley reasonable on most products and the quality is exellent.  I love that it is a manageable sized store where I'm not exhausted when I leave, even if I have to backtrack to find something.  They may not have the multitude of samples of a Costco, but what they offer is fun to try and many times I've gone to buy the product after tasting it.And they have some if the prettiest, sturdiest, most colorful tote bags of any store so I almost always buy one, often as gifts for my kids.  I now have bags from three states.  I got started shopping more often at my local TJ's  and other smaller stores in San Diego years ago when there was a grocery store union strike and just never went back to the big chains except when I needed products not available at TJ's.  I love it when I find one when I travel as I'm already familiar with their products and layout.
5	What is not to love about Trader Joe's! Customer service is stellar, products are fantastic and this location is very clean! I will say this location is always crazy busy, but generally shoppers and staff alike are very pleasant. The produce here is what keeps me coming back, but i am also a sucker for their little frozen dishes too. My secret love from the frozen department are their Mac'n cheese balls. (SO GOOD!!!) They also have a non-fat vanilla yogurt that i couldn't live without. I would 100% recommend Trader Joe's, I love this place!
4	Cover Story:   Speculoos Cookie Butter at the End of the WorldDid you hear?  More than one-third of people are terribly worried that there might not be enough cookie butter to go around (fake shortages).  The situation is so dire that there is a 3 jar minimum at most locations.  Bad news indeed.Do you know what this means?   It means that Trader Joe's is consistently packed with cookie butter preppers, stocking up for the next drought.  This means that I sometimes have to park as far as two stores away just to shop at the Baseline Rd location.   It's an arduous struggle that I'm willing to deal with.  I go about once a week.The efforts are rewarded with:  conveniently packaged organic produce, mini pots of fresh herbs, $2 bundles of seasonal flowers, the absolute cheapest nuts and dried fruitbits I've ever seen.  Even the processed junkstuff is somehow less junky, less infused with artificial flavors, colors, toxins, and evil gmo monsanto-ness.  So, when I do want to buy junk food, I feel a little better about getting it at Trader Joe's.   The eclectic frozen foods offerings are also appealing.  Predictably, if you cram some Kale into anything,  I'll put it in my cart.  And the two buck chuck ($2.99 in Arizona) ain't bad either.Did I mention the conversation?  On a recent visit, an employee wearing footed pajamas (I am totally not even making this up - it was pajama day for the staff) indulged me in a debate about how to best win if  a game of "Supermarket Sweep" were held in the store there.  He suggested that it would be best to fill the cart with some of the more expensive cases of wine.   I countered by telling him I'd likely risk it by making a bee-line straight to the nut butters and fill my whole cart with Speculoos Cookie Butter.
2	This TJ's needs to replace the lady who was serving the strawberry short bread dessert on 5/24.   This TJ's has always had exceptional staff members that are friendly and very helpful which is why we drive over 10+ miles every other week for our TJ's purchases.So if you are serving a dessert with organic strawberries, whipped cream and short bread to anyone and a 13 year kid comes up ....... and TJ's has an issue with allergies etc. just say, "Sorry, we need a parent", instead of smacking a kids hand away from the sample and then saying "if you fall from allergies, I am not going to help you".  The staff here always been so helpful, fun and friendly so why would you put a person like that at a sampling station who would say something so unnecessary.    I think she needs to take a refresher course at TJ's Customer Service 101.Thanks For Listening........
4	Trader joes always has the freshest you can get. If you're a health nut then you will love this store. Its not as hectic as your standard grocery store and the chocolate covered jojos are to die for! It is mostly organic so as you can imagine it is more pricy than your average grocery, but if you're in need of fine food it's a wonderful place to go. I really don't like how small it is though, and wish they would expand it. I feel kind of claustrophobic in there!
5	Every time I go to Trader Joe's I wonder why I don't shop here more! I love so many of their items. The most recent visit I picked up some lavender and planted it on the patio and it smells amazing. I really like their prepared salads and while they are a little pricey, they are worth it to not have to do the work and just grab to go. The stores are always bright and clean and the checkout is always fast and friendly.
5	This Trader Joe's is just slightly below the Tempe one I love, but I'll give it 5 stars, too.  I remember a few years ago when I was a single mom and one of the guys there knew it.  He would see me come in there periodically and one day he saw that I was down and stressed.As I was walking to my car with my shopping cart with groceries and towing my young kids, he came out to the parking lot with a bouquet of flowers for me.  How sweet.  No strings attached.  He just wanted to bless my day and he said he knew how hard it must be to be a single parent.I hadn't gotten flowers from anyone in awhile, except my sweet sister.  Well, years later, I still remember.  This Trader Joe's is also far from me, maybe also close to 20 miles, too.But, I love every Trader Joe's store I've been to.  I just wish they were closer to me.
4	The place is nice. Has wide aisles which is nice for such a place with all the hoity toities that just have to stand around looking like they're reading labels (which of course they are). The parking lot kinda sucks...there doesn't seem to be a designated lot. My cashier was super friendly. Suggested a green juice that was cheaper than most. She was a Chatty Cathy and I'm sure the long line behind me didn't enjoy that, but eh, you don't get that sort of conversation from strangers much these days.
4	This is nice Trader Joe's. I don't love it as much as the Tempe one but it's still good. This store just can feel a little cramped, probably because it's a bit of a smaller location, and I feel like sometimes I have to dig for fresh produce behind the ones in front. If you can get here when they first open there are no lines at all and you still receive the same great friendly service.
4	So bummed at the fact that I've already reviewed this under my other, forgotten password, screen name! Oh well. This TJ's is pretty nice. Large aisles and they're always cooking something delicious (not a bed of lettuce and a slice of sausage like the other one). My only suggestion(s): COME WITH A LIST! & don't come on a Sunday. It is always jammed packed with label reading customers that won't move out of the way!
5	Love this place! They offer a variety of organic foods and in Fall they have Pumpkin everything!
4	Attractive store. Never had an issue. Personnel without regard to position are always gracious.  Too many things I enjoy. Cheese section, bread, salads.The like list could be most of the store.Nothing to dislike.
5	LOVE this trader joes! Not only is it clean, stocked up, and filled with nice employees, this place just makes it enjoyable to walk in and shop! I never have had a bad experience here. I love how everything is just neat and well kept. The way that this place makes sure you are happy with your products. Love the variety of foods they have in stock. LOVE LOVE LOVE This trader joes!
5	We started doing most of our grocery shopping here. Everyone is super nice. Prices are fair. They have coffee for shoppers and always make sure they have a sample for my daughter who has multiple food allergies. They know me and they always talk to my kids. There are little shopping carts for children.I think what really melted my heart though is when I was running into the store 3 minutes before they were closing and the manager in the front stopped me and told me not to worry and take my time. At the checkout the cashier double checked whether I had everything I needed and offered to wait if I needed to get a few more items. That's customer service at its finest.
3	I love TJ's and have been going there in different cities for many years. This store in Mesa is smaller and older. It is very crowded since it is the only one around the area.  I am disappointed in their little produce selection. This store does takes alot of patience with all the retires and snowbirds shipping there.Great prices  as always but I will only go there early mornings or  late evenings from now on.Bring your list so you can get in and out.I think ol' man Joe can afford to do some remodeling  on this store!Happy shopping!
4	Not like your local foods. If your a foodie, you can spend hours in here. There is a huge prepared foods area, a bar/tasting area, coffee area, smoothie bar, huge olive bar and chocolate bar.
