3	This store has been open about a month.  I drive by it at least once a day and have never noticed many cars in the lot, of course when I decide to try it out the parking lot fills up:-(  Take your normal Super Center and toss out everything but the food and the pharmacy and this is what you have.  As a grocery store it isn't too bad, all the brands and prices you are used to from Walmart.  I wouldn't consider buying meat here.  I was surprised at the produce department, smaller and lesser quality than most of the Super Centers as well as most of their local competitors.  The place is spotless.  I was surprised to see the shift manager opening up extra lanes when the lines got to be about 3 deep, seems like they are trying to be different than a standard Walmart.Not sure about the marketing strategy here.  This store is only 1-1/2 miles from a Super Center and across the street from a Fry's and a Safeway.  And they share a [arking lot with a brand new CVS.  Unless I am looking for pricing on a long list of non perishable items Walmart would not be my first choice.
4	This is a great store for us who are on a tight budget, and even for those who aren't. The place is very clean, never crowded, and has wide aisles and well-stocked shelves. It's basically the food market part of a Super Walmart; no clothing, electronics, bed or bath sections. The prices are great and I've found here many items, especially food items, that I could not find in most supermarkets. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and lines at the cashiers are always short. Parking is more than ample and uncrowded, probably because the store is quite new and the commercial block in which it is found has just begun to be developed.
4	My favorite Walmart. Great selection of everyday food. They have a decent selection of beer and rock bottom prices. They also have a lot of organic items for my baby.
4	I like this Walmart, everyone is nice and the place is clean... the only problem I have is that the ghetto people are finding out about it and you know what that means, everything looks dingy and dirty after a while, somehow they have no idea what a garbage can looks like and they come in and trash the wonderful Market...I hope the Walmart people can keep up, I hate to go to the large Walmart down the street... that is totally Ghetto land... that place should have their own website with funny photos... scary.
4	Clean. Wide aisles. So quiet on the 4 or 5 quick stops I've made, you want to keep your voice down.    Plentiful parking with a tiny tad of late afternoon shade.  And pluots! They had pluots! - and not yet one screaming child!  Not huge by large grocery standards but large enough. Very pleasant to shop here and convenient to run in for just a couple of items - but shhh! Keep your voice down!  The quiet is a delight  - and I don't want any more people to discover this slightly  hidden market than are necessary to keep the doors open!
5	Clean, Fast, and Friendly! The store is clean and the employees are very helpful. It's nice to be approached at least once and asked if I need any help. This is my neighborhood store and I enjoy shopping in this store. The lines are short and if they're long they aren't for long. It's nice to see employees jumping on quickly to help. They value you're time at this store. Thanks!
5	Nice clean store, good produce dept, and friendly staff. Like the low prices and the convenience of shopping there.Another plus is manager Andy who provides great customer service, is friendly and helpful, and willing to answer questions. He showed great concern when I told him about how I was scammed in his store parking lot by some roving paint touchup guys. He says he tries to run off those type of folks out there. I learned my lesson that day which is to just keep walking and dont get engaged in a conversation with anyone offering any kind of deal. Anyway, thanks Andy for listening. A pleasure to meet a mgr with a great attitude.
4	This Wal-mart is by FAR the best Wal-mart in the valley that I have ever been to. The staff is rockin, they are always pleasant and very friendly. The store is always clean and for the most part well stocked. I took one star off due to the produce department not being stocked to the fullest. It's not very busy and the pricing is the same as the Super Wal-mart. We really like Michael the cashier, he is by far the best cashier we have ever dealt with! He really has that personal touch with the customers he assists!
4	I came here after doing a search on my GPS because I was tired of being accosted by panhandlers every time I visited the Walmart Supercenter on Northern near 55th.
5	I go here to avoid the madhouse craziness of normal Walmarts. It's worth the extra drive for my sanity. They have GREAT produce. I love getting my produce here. And surprisingly, the times that I have gone this summer, they've had better cherries than SPROUTS. I was flabbergasted. It's small enough to make you not feel overwhelmed, but it has enough of what I need that I don't need to go to several stores to find the things I need.
5	What makes a local food store amazing? Come here and check by yourself. Fooding and caring, at a very high level. Prices are quite high as well, the experience comes at a cost but quality is worth the money.
