4	This place knows coffee.... not that over roasted thin tasting stuff you get at that popular chain either.  They know the science of getting the best out of the bean.The beans here are roasted on the premises, on Monday and Wednesday morning. In my opinion, the owner, is an artist in coffee roasting.  He keeps a delectable assortment of coffees at a very good price.... they also have pastries and light dining.Plenty of parking.  Located on the southeast corner of Central and Dunlap.  The coffee is great, the seating is comfortable and the people are very nice.They have added a website:http://www.grinderscoffeeco.com/
4	I always see this place on my way to work, but it kindof looks like a Starbucks from the street. I needed my coffee fix this morning; however and the office foldgers was not going to cut it (best part of waking up my ass), so I stopped in.This place is actually really cool. Flyers for local events posted, ratty comfortable looking furniture, completely unpretentious.I ordered my cafe americano from a man behing the counter with Sammy Haggar curls and a rad scar on his cheek. I thought of him as a kind pirate. My drink was up in no time flat and I am sipping it right now at work and in heaven. I know a cafe americano doesn't have that many ingredients and is difficult to screw up...but most places I go have terrible burned espresso which they graciously water down hardcore so that I can't taste it as much. This stuff is flavorful yet smooth. I will be back tomorrow morning for a cup maybe give myself enough time to try a pastry and test those chairs.
4	I generally brew my own coffee at home, and if not, I usually end up at the St*rb*cks drive-thru, but when I have time to walk down the street for coffee, this is where I end up.  Excellent house roast, roasted on premises, good people behind the counter.  I enjoy the croissants, flaky and light (like me!), but haven't tried any of the other 'home-made' pastries they have available.Better then your corporate coffee, made by real people.
4	I was going for a long bike ride from Glendale, but did not quite make it to Lux before freaking out about how little homework I had accomplished. I spied Grinders on my phone, and went in this direction. Around 3p the place was swarming with teens, it seems like they graciously give the kids free water. Although many hard surfaces mean it can be a little loud with just a few people, I like the vibe. It also feels good to support  a place that gives much back to the community----from fresh roasted coffee beans to display space for local artists to music. Grinders is not about the hardware---but the software.
4	Grinders is a little cup of heaven nestled next to the mountains in Sunnyslope.  Run by Dennis Miller (NOT of SNL), he has been roasting and brewing his coffee ever since this shopping center opened almost 10 years ago.  He features the artwork of local artists each month as well as wi-fi while you are enjoying your beverage.  Be sure to come on the Second Saturday of each month to enjoy their ongoing series of Jazz & Blues.  You never know who's going to show up and perform!  But you can be assured you WILL have a foot stompin' good time!
4	Just got in from a great evening at Grinders! Who knew you could hear amazing blues music for free -- in Sunnyslope of all places -- on the 2nd Saturday of each month!? I did, actually. The real question is why don't I go every month!?So, now I'm hopped up on a dirty chai latte and I must share the details about this neighborhood gem. Truly, the Valley's BEST neighborhood coffee shop! For a number of reasons...1.) Grinders is a place where everyone feels welcome from high school kids to retirees taking advantage of the free wi-fi.2.) They roast their OWN beans. That's right. They wheel a roaster out onto the same concrete slab that becomes the stage for Valley blues legends like Ronnie Whitehead on 2nd Saturdays and roast the beans for themselves!! I find their coffees to be pretty earthy and smooth. 3.) The fudgy pecan brownies are rich and chocolaty. The scones are biscuit-like and just the right amount of barely sweet. (I haven't tried the danish, but they look deadly!)4.) They are generous in sharing their own talents and promoting the talents of others, ensuring access to arts and culture. Each month, they allow a different local artist to show their work on the coffee shop walls. And while ordinarily they are not open past 6 p.m. on Saturday, an exception is made on the 2nd Saturday of each month when you can sit outside and listen to  live jazz and/or blues from 8 - 10 p.m.  And, by the way, Dennis, the owner, is a bad ass on the harmonica! We really are so lucky to have such a great business, doing great things, in the community!
3	a nice place. kind of amateur service, but i'm sure with experience they'll improve by leaps and bounds. mediocre espresso and milk, but a nice atmosphere. i wouldn't make the drive if you're not already in the neighborhood, but i'm sure it's an asset to the area nevertheless.
4	The place is small but, I see it as cozy. There is also outside seating that is great to enjoy on a beautiful day or evening. The owner waited on me. And made me the best Viennese Mocha, I think is possible. Excellent to the last drop! I learned they roast and blend their own beans. Well someone here knows what they are doing because this was the smoothest coffee drink at a coffeehouse I think I have yet to have. And hey ... I lived in Seattle for almost twenty years I have been to some coffeehouses, let me tell ya! I went to their website www.GrindersCoffeeCo.com It's a great little website. It explains the place well  ,as well as their coffee and I also learned they have a rotating art showing on the walls that change the 1st Saturday of each month and jazz or  blues playing on the patio the 2nd Saturday of each month. I might just be there for this first Music night in 2010. Say Hi if you see me around there getting my caffeine buzz on anytime.I'll try it again before I give them a five star rating.
4	There are so many great things about Grinders!  Rotating Art from local artists (and not the ones trying their hardest to win the next hipster award), live music with great jazz bands, excellent coffee and tea reasonably priced. The fourth star is awarded for the pecan/cream cheese Danish thing the server recommended. It was so good I couldn't decide weather to scarf it down or savor each bite.
5	I would be beside myself if Grinders closed. It's about time I wrote a review, since I'm a regular. I can be found sitting on one of the giant chairs surfing on the wi-fi many mornings.I'm the one who brought the plants in. I used to water them a couple times a week but nowadays I'm lazy and they really need to be repotted. I should get on that ...The music is always playing and everyone knows my regular drink ... they've continued to memorize it for me even as I started to slowly decrease the fat & calories of my regular order. Now it's an ice skim latte with sugar free vanilla. I used to get an Everything bagel with egg, cheese and potatoes most mornings. Now I get it on multigrain toast. Eh, it's the little things.The coffee at Grinders is really really good. It's not bitter and sharp, it's smooth. They grind their beans outside many mornings per week. Sometimes it gets too warm inside during the winter so we prop the doors open, but if the grinder is going outside, it'll blow coffee bean fumes in the door.There's some retired motorcycle cops who meet up every morning and sit around the big round table. They often park their motorcycles in front of the place together. They call themselves the Geezerados.There's sometimes a few right-wingers having conversations mid-day. One time I listened to their meeting and heard them trying to come up with controversial topics to get people to come to church. They spent a long time trying to figure out who could get them proof that global warming isn't happening, so they could use that as their hook.A lot of moms come in with their kids. Seeing siblings piled up in one of the oversized chairs together is common. There are a few regulars who come in specifically to sit on the internet all day. I'm not there all day, but I'm there at all times of the day because I have a home office, and you never know when you suddenly need caffeine.Early in the morning and after 3pm the place becomes flooded with Sunnyslope High School kids. They range from ROTC kids wearing pickle suits to trendy girls in neon to the alternative crowd. They often lay around the couch splayed across each other or gazing into each others' eyes. Ordinarily I'm a real talker and I can't usually keep my mouth shut, but Grinders is the one place that I go where I barely make a peep. I just eavesdrop on everyone's conversations and sometimes run into friends I know. I usually go before my brain is fully awake in the morning, that's part of it. For the record, a couple months ago one of the girls there said I was practically invisible and she hardly knew I was there, because I was so quiet.There's nothing pretentious about Grinders at all, and it's also down to earth without being ghetto. It has character. Some months the art is better than other months. Hannah has been there for years (they call her Big Hannah now, only because there's another girl named Hannah who is tiny and they call her Little Hannah) and Hannah rocks and makes the best breakfast ever. I can ride my bike in the morning and be wearing my pajamas and not have anyone really bat an eye. That's the beauty of Grinders. I've seen other people come in wearing their pajamas, too. It's a little bit like the cafeteria in a college dorm, except the people are of all ages and we live down the street from each other instead of down the hall from each other.Grinders has a location inside the John C. Lincoln hospital across the street, too. It's common to see the hospital workers walk in wearing their scrubs. I think they're also opening one at Devry, or they just did. I was frustrated to hear that they tried to open a location at the Art Institute but they were one week too late, Stupid Starbucks had just gotten there. LAME!
3	Nice little coffee shop. They have their own roaster, which is a big plus.They have a nice large table, for setting up a laptop or whatnot.They have ample outdoor seating, which is always a big bonus!They tend to close on the early side; 7-8 PM, which, for a coffee shop is kinda weird.They have delicious blended and iced drinks, as well as their hot drinks. They have a selection of bulk beans, but I have not tried any of them as of yet.The Sunnyslope Art Walk happens in this shopping center, so that could be your opportunity to stop in and check them out.
4	I've NEVER been happy to pay more than $4 for a 'grande'-sized latte... until I tried this place. It's on my way to the office, and I decided to give it a try. As already noted by other Yelpers, this place roasts its own beans, on site. I got a vanilla latte and wow... this is not Starbucks. This was a cuppa POW, right in the kisser. Loved it! You should check it out. =)
3	I think I'm spoiled by the number of solid coffee shops in the Tempe area.  Grinders is the best coffee shop that is on my very direct path to work, but if any of my usual hotspots were equally as convenient, I'd head to them instead.Pros - The coffee is pretty good, it's locally owned, there are recurrent characters every morning no matter what, and their support of other local business and artists is commendable.  Cons - For some reason I never get a very friendly vibe when I'm there, the facility is kind of small and I feel like it lacks character, and...it just lacks that little extra.We'll see, maybe I'm tarnished by the fact that I stop in here before work every morning and it's ME that isn't in a friendly mood.  Then I just thought about my review for D-Lish in Scottsdale....
4	I popped into Grinders yesterday afternoon (a bit after lunch time) for a pick-me-up.  I just love this neighborhood gem.  There's a nice comfy vibe and the staff is welcoming and accomodating.  They patiently fielded my questions about available sugar-free syrup options and happily indulged my request for a combination of syrups for my iced latte.  It was fantastic!I've recently been informed that they host blues music on the 2nd Saturday evening of each month.  I can't wait to check it out next month.
4	I am a bone-fide coffee snob. I hate Starbucks, so when I moved two blocks south of Grinders, I was giddily giggling all the way to the register... Not literally, 'cause people would stare.However, it has been nearly a year and the only coffee item I have tried is the Viennese. Am I really just a creature of habit, or is this coffee filled with nicotine? It's delicious, anyway. Get it! I like the names of their sizes, it's cute and I take it as a jab at Starbucks, which pleases me immensely. The atmosphere is very "living room", with local art they sell to customers, comfy couches, and tables that have seen lots of use. Their patio is getting nicer now that it's cooling off, and usually the baristas if they aren't too busy will walk your coffee or drink of choice out to you. They roast their own beans, and sell them to you in cute little paper bags! Mum loves the Heavenly Bliss, it's not too acidic like some roasts are, and has an amazing aroma when it's going through the coffee machine, plus it isn't too pricey for in-house roasted beans, which can often get expensive.I live close enough to hear their live bands play when I'm out and about, and they're usually good falling in to the Blues category, A few friends say it's definitely worth the trip over there to check it out!
4	The staff is very friendly and they bring your drinks out to you.  The artwork and jewelry by local artists is usually quite good, and something I'd consider buying if I had the spare money.Their coffee has a great taste, much better than Starbucks, and I like putting money into small businesses instead of the Wal-Marts of the coffee world.  They make my finicky customized orders with no issue and I always prefer to visit them rather than a Starbucks, but I have to hold a star back due to their pretty limited hours.  They close especially early on Sundays considering their line of business, so sometimes I end up having to hit the Starbucks anyway. :(
4	Grinder's is a great little coffee shop in the Sunnyslope district.  Each week I purchase my two pounds of coffee that has been roasted in their shop (the roaster is part of the decor).  The staff is always friendly and lets me know what is the best roast that week.  Since my tastes change, sometimes going for the super dark roast or perhaps a lighter flavor the next week, they help me pick out the best bean.This little shop is full of locals and in the afternoon, be prepared for the Sunnyslope High School crowd.  The staff is sometimes a bit slow getting out orders, but they make up for it with friendly service and a great product. Another place where they get to know their customers by their names!
5	Some of the best coffee I've ever had -- and I lived in Portland. Insanely good selection & product. Tanzanian peaberry off the charts. Owner gets beans from multiple sources to ensure that his selection is the best.
4	Great place!  I have been coming here after morning runs for years.  Coffee is always fresh, and they usually have a wonderful assortment of baked goods if you need something sweet.  The crowd is always friendly, and the service is stellar.
3	Cute little coffee shop. Had some tea and sat outside with my boyfriend. Enjoyed the weather and played some cards. Very relaxing.
5	Man, I'm loving this place. I've gone here almost everyday this week because it is in between my apartment and my school. I've loved every second I've been in there. The coffee is awesome, the staff is even better. The music is always playing (with good tunes, mind you) I even have had random conversations with people. I will be here every time I need to get out of the house and work. Grinder's wins in my book.
5	Outstanding coffee and incredibly sweet earth child barista (don't think I'm allowed to say "hippy chick").  And the first time I had their iced mocha (I think triple shot espresso) I exclaimed "wow, that's damn fine coffee".  Wish it wasn't 20 miles from my house!They need to get a new couch or two in there.   But the coffee was so damn good I'd forgive them anything.
3	Superb Coffee. Pathetic sandwiches and paninis. Hated the place after i ate the sandwich. i was told there were not veggies available at all. Then why sell a sandwich? They threw some chicken on the bread and gave it, after which i threw it in the trash.
4	I really liked this place. It was kind of kooky, full of art and all sorts of odds and ends. The staff was great. Very friendly. They roast their own beans and have selections from different parts of the earth. My latte was just what I needed. Love quirky little places like this. They make me feel like I belong somewhere :)
4	I have to say it's a relief to not have to head south for some good espresso but this may be too far north...not sure. Their espresso is locally roasted and smooth so they automatically go into my top five. I also like the fact that the crowd is decidedly not the coffee snob crowd you'll find in venues further south. That being said, on my first visit the crowd was more the Sunnyslope crowd so I didn't know what to make of everything.All that said, the coffee is good and I really liked the choices on their menu and they are all about local business. If I can come here and get a good Americano without having to wait in a long line I think I'm sold!
4	I had a dark roast over ice with light soy milk because I am on a no sugar or sweets fast and it was pretty good.  I really wanted to try their banana cream latte, but could not have the sugar. Oh well, I will try to go back when I can enjoy some sweets and try their flavored lattes and pastries. The customer service was stellar and the inside of the coffee shop was filled with unique trinkets, etc.
5	I only pay for things that I like a lot. If an experience is not much better than making food or drink at home, why pay the premium? Grinders is one of those places that has figured out a way to bring all of the elements together to create the perfect flavor storm in a cup. The crazy part is that they charge the same or less than many other coffee spots. I am glad that the best spot in town is near my home.
5	I love this place. It makes me happy.
3	For a place that roasts their own beans, I would expect a little better.Also, for a place in the Sunnyslope area, I'd expect lower prices.That being said, Grinders is a good place to go if you live in the area and really don't feel like driving down to Roosevelt for a cup of coffee. It's certainly better than McDonald's coffee, and at least better than Starbucks as well. But if you're really into the coffee scene, then no. I'd definitely not suggest Grinders as your first introduction to Phoenix coffee. If you really don't care very much and just want somewhere peaceful to go read a book, eat a pastry, drink some sweetened coffee, then have at it. Grinders is what you want.
5	Little gem tucked into a horrible shopping centre. I loved that they had the roasting equipment and fresh beans out in the open, as proof they roast their own coffee. They had plenty of roasts on offer as well as some home made treats in the case. I got an iced mocha and a mini cinnamon roll - both were very good. The coffee was very smooth and rich in flavour, not overpowered by milk or chocolate like some espressos can be.For locally sourced, freshly roasted, the prices are your pretty standard Starbucks prices which is great - I'd honestly expect higher. Definitely recommend if you find yourself in the area.
5	Brought a friend who's worked for Starbucks for years and she was impressed with the roasting equipment. She asked the barista to try the beans before and after roasting and the girl was very friendly and more than happy to oblige. We didn't realize it was time to close and the barista didn't rush us out or seem exasperated, which gets big kudos from me. Got a small mocha and a brownie, both were great. I love this place!
1	I was at coffee shop this am asking for an iced vanilla latte which was listed 2nd on their wall menu for $3.55.  Gal told me it was not what I wanted and that the person I was getting it for would not like.  Told me it was only milk and vanilla and I could make at home.  She went to make laughing at me.  Her manager told me that they would be happy to give me money back if I left.I have been to their concession at John C Lincoln Hospital which is good but will never recommend this rather dirty worn shop to anyone.
5	I was there today and the service was awesome.  The coffee was terrific. It was a great place to hang out and get some work done!
5	I wanted to like this place ever since I drove past it on an exploratory drive through the Sunnyslope area.  Based on it's location, it seemed like it might be less pretentious than some of it's other centrally-located peers.  After several visits, I am glad to give it five stars for being one of my favorite coffee shops in the Phoenix area.On my first visit here, I immediately noticed two things: 1) the roasting equipment and raw beans displayed prominently, indicating that they did indeed roast their own beans and 2) the prices, which are lower than the average coffee shop (I'm thinking Starbucks, which came to prominence with a reputation for high prices but has really fallen into the middle of the pack compared with the better local places that have cropped up) and far lower than most gourmet shops.  True, you're not getting a pour over for each cup, but you know that it was freshly roasted (and ground) and it's less than $2 a cup.  The beans are the real deal, though: $10.95/lb for freshly roasted, delicious coffee beans?  I know some good places for coffee but none of them can even touch that price, most hovering closer to $15/16 per lb.Although I usually go for regular coffee when exploring a new place, I decided to get a latte on that first trip visit, which did not disappoint - good smooth espresso flavor and the right ratio of milk for me.  The next time that I stopped in, I asked a few questions about the beans and bought a cup of coffee.  After some debate, I went with their Bold roast, which I later found out is also their espresso roast.  While it makes for a good espresso, I found it fairly light for a "bold" cup of coffee, and after adding just a splash of cream it tasted somewhat watered down.  In the future I'd probably go with one of their other roasts, particularly the Double French.  This is a mix between their dark Sumatra roast and Tanzanian peaberry.  I was a little concerned when I purchased it, as the barista told me to "wait for the oils to come out on the beans." Though I don't know a ton about coffee, one of the things I thought I knew was that oily beans = ruined beans, but after making it at home on a French press, it quickly entered my upper echelon of coffees.  I also picked up some single source Guatemalan while I was there, a brighter and somewhat less flavorful roast, but still excellent.Compared to many of the other places in town, this place is perhaps a bit dumpy, but it's got good character and the baristas are super friendly and helpful.  They display art in the store and even have a special night for it each month (Second Saturdays?)  It's also very quiet and has outdoor tables, so I could imagine getting some work done there unlike more popular and louder shops.  I'll definitely be getting beans and drinks from this place in the future.
4	Coffee and service is great. The location is good since there aren't a lot of other coffee shops near here. It would be nice if they were open late though. Not a big fan of the decor - feels more like a waiting room than a place you want to hang out.
5	Very cool little coffee shop! Right next to my friends salon she works at (salon forma) so it makes it that much better ! Staff is awesome and the cinnamon buns are yummy ! I got a white chocolate mocha and it actually had a white chocolate taste unlike most chain coffee shops , double yay ! :)
5	The best fricken caramel macchiato! Love their service, always friendly.
5	Very Cool coffee shop! Features local art, and is a very cozy place to go. Coffee  is completely delicious! Good bagels too!
4	Staff is friendly and pretty knowledgeable. Got a cold press iced coffee, which is how you separate the wheat from the chaff, for my coffee money.Sat outside at shaded concrete topped tables. A very enjoyable experience.If i lived in town, this would probably be my go-to java joint.
5	Awesome staff and every drink I have ever ordered is spot on and delicious! They make my day better every time I stop :0)
2	Coffee is ok. The sandwich is mediocre like you can make it at home for $7? I don't think so. I expected more. Their employees don't have uniforms but they are way too sloppy eve looks dirty. On a tank top all sloppy it doesn't look professional. I know it's a coffee shop but it says a lot. I like how they have the different coffee beans decor on the wall. That's pretty cool. Prolly won't come back
5	Awesome coffee for really good prices! The atmosphere is nice and trendy. The service isn't snappy but the staff is very friendly. Definitely a place to sit and chat with friends rather than on the go:)
4	Groovy little coffee house where they roast their own beans from all over the world.  Very friendly service.  Nice, easy, laid back, quiet atmosphere.  My coffee latte was goood! Outside shaded area to sit.  I like this place!
4	I've been here several times and have never been disappointed with my coffees and lattes. All expertly made with quality beans, and not super caffeinated with a side of jitters like you get at Starbucks. Nice enough patio, but something about the layout of the inside is not feng shui, could be a little cozier. I wish that they had a drive through, because then I'd be there all the time!
5	I had never been here before and the barista helped me pick an Amazing iced caramel soy latte. It was delicious and he was super friendly. The atmosphere carries good tunes and a cool casual atmosphere. :).
3	a nice change of scenery.
4	I think I'm in love. Truth is, I'm promiscuous with coffeehouses and tend to love the one I'm with. But Grinder's is an adorably soothing place for a Sunday morning coffee, being completely without hip conceptual DJs, big screen TVs, or deal-making hipsters. Sip your brew, watch the progress of the sun over the mountain, read an actual print newspaper.The sweet roll is properly flaky, not squishy, and has either cream cheese or sour cream frosting. This is the best flaky pastry I've had in Phoenix.Of course, you're now in Sunnyslope, with nothing to do but a small shopping center. Walk to the transit center and find a bus up to the antique shops on Cave Creek.
4	Smooth coffee and friendly service. I'll. take this over Starbucks any day of the week.
3	Good coffee, wonderful aroma..a lot of noise.I went here a few times while my sister was in the hospital across the street. As mentioned previously everything was great (good seating, good people) until the operated the roaster. Since my main purpose frequenting coffee houses is to work (novelist) the noise of the roaster was just too much to ignore for me, Aside from the noise the place makes a great cup of coffee and is well worth a visit if you're in the area.
4	This is my second time at Grinders and I really enjoy this place! Will be coming back again and again!!
3	The place is nice, the coffee is good. The highlight and charm of the place is truly Shaleena (forgive me for probably butchering your name). She speaks with everyone, is always smiling, and greets people by name. She's so wonderful!! Without her there to host and connect with all patrons, it's just ordinary.
3	Not impressed.  Not horrible.  Service was fine.  Had a latte but really it just tasted like milk.
5	I love supporting local businesses. Grinders has great coffee and amazing people working there. I always get an iced coconut latte.
5	The crew at Grinders is very friendly. They learn your name, greet you by your name when you enter, and ask if you'd like your usual. I usually arrive as a morning stop on my way to work, and there's a group of regulars lounging there which adds to the friendly atmosphere. The coffee is great and it's awesome to see the collection of wares from the local artists.
3	I found this location using Yelp, and was really excited to try it out as a new study spot. It's a lot closer to me, and easier to go here than travel to a downtown joint. However, the barista working didn't even acknowledge me until I reached the register and she finished the drink for a regular standing nearby. She then just asked for my order, and I informed her it was my first time, and was looking for a recommendation. She gave me one, but made no attempt to connect on a relational level, not even taking my name for the order. She directed me to the Viennese Mocha, which was incredible - if I came back it would definitely be for the coffee. I also ordered a breakfast sandwich, which was nothing memorable. I wouldn't get it again - if anything, I would try a pastry; they had a decent selection and they all looked incredible. Anyways, interesting atmosphere, and had the service been better, I would definitely be returning.
4	Absolutely amazing coffee! I love that they roast their own beans. I got an iced mocha and it was super smooth. Staff was decent I guess... not super friendly which was disappointing because the atmosphere seemed great. Loved the experience, would have given 5 stars for friendlier staff.
5	It's the COFFEE knuckleheads!  Who cares if one staff person has a bad day, or if your overly sweet tiger milk drink is not right or the art is tacky... I go here for coffee.  The rest of you stay away from this place... I want my pick of their fresh roasted beans including the hard to find Peaberry.. that's right... these guys actually get green beans from around the world and roast them there on site... I know what day of the week they do it too... and I am not telling you.  Stay away!.
5	We ate here for lunch and although it was very busy, we got seated straight away. It's in a fantastic location right opposite Phoenix. The food was delicious and it was very reasonable. The service was excellent and the atmosphere was buzzing. Would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Food and service was very good, went very early one morning and the atmosphere was buzzing from all breakfast meetings - was interesting to sit and people watch.
