5	$95 a plate but the best place to take family to.
5	I remember the first time I had truffle rissotto was in this restaurant. It changed my whole perspective on food.
2	Aside from the decor, the only truly wonderful thing was a tomato soup that my date had. My food was mediocre. I was really disappointed. I don't think I'd go back.
4	Fantastique--Le Cirque at Las Vegas is a very Paris inspired interior.  Something I would expect from Sirio Maccioni a reincarnation of the venerable and amazing Le Cirque.  The Foie Gras was amazing, flawless.  The food was entirely fresh and the service was professional and nice.  A good environment topped off with a great wine makes for a spectacular evening.Buen Provecho!
5	Great dining experience.  Pricey, but everything was sublime, from the lobster salad to the chocolate souflee.  Service was fantastic.
5	Hands down my favorite Restaurant in the World! Great dining experience, the Service is Great. The Foie Gras was to die for. The inside is very nice and romantic. When making a reservation request a table by the Bellagio fountains. I been here a couple times every time has been great! Last time I was there I was siting next to Nicholas Cage and his new wife. This place is 5 stars all the way!!!!!!!
5	My foie gras was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  But long after I forget the taste, I will remember the path I took eating it.  You see, as the gentleman seated at the table next to us explains, the food at this restaurant is absolutely wonderful, but not the best in Vegas---you pay the  approx $110 per plate because of the presentation and the service.  Well said, my friend.  Our path begins wandering through the strip trying to find a place to eat that suits our mood.  Unaware that we found a world class restaurant, we stumble into Le Cirque and ask if we could be seated.  "In the parlor" she says with her pleasantly but assertive French accent.  I am tempted to fall for the accent, but my mom is French, and I naturally rebel to that sound.  No merci, I say, we will try something else.  Mon dieu! a table for two somehow opened in the main restaurant.  I am not offended. Rather a bit proud, as if I passed a test..why must the French always test??  The restaurant is aptly named.  The Bellagio fountains shooting off every now and then seen through the window are only background to the real show.  Under the tent is a hub-bub of activity with servers hustling here and there drawing laughs, suggesting wines, shaking hands, catering to whims..... You might suspect it to be noisy, but you are incorrect.  The decor is themed and consists pleasantly of soft orange and yellow and browns.     There must be a busy and jolly impressionist painting somewhere that is the inspiration.        Back to the foie gras.  You start with the first bite, it melts.  As you make you way through the dish, each bite exposes a new series of tasty gems---oils , raisins, cranberries, nuts and different oils.  The fresh finish is a small tumble of clover.  The wine, chosen by our server because we really have no idea how to choose from the hundred or so wines that range from $80 to several thousand dollars, smelled like roses. Oh no! we realize that we have not given ourselves enough time to fully enjoy this experience and make it to the 10:30 show.  "Monsieur, I regret to inform you that I have some unpleasant news.. you see, we have tickets."  "Oui, of course, I will make it work, I promise."  With a clap our new advocate chastises the nearest of the many staffers milling about---"where is their food---they have been waiting...  Do not worry my friends,"  Within minutes it is here.. my canard is in rich and flavorful medallions.  Not quite the foie gras, but excellent.   After two aperitifs each supplied, gratis, by you know who, the question of desert is our top issue.  One choice for something with chocolate and another for coconut.  She has made reference to the chocolate at least five times since we were there two days ago.  Mine was a fluffy creamy thing presented in a shell and provided a sweet surprise at the bottom.     We paid (ouch) and somehow made it to the show just as the music began!  I suggest that your path finds its way to Le Cirque. It is not only a restaurant but a journey.
5	Wonderful, wonderful dining experience- from the almost omniscient service to the scarlet and gold tapestry-draped ceiling to the beautiful presentation (all plus the fountain show right outside the window). Almost all in my party chose to order from the three-course $105 prix fixe menu (I had our server surprise me with my order: lobster and truffle salad, three preparations of rabbit, and a chocolate cake with bananas foster- all very good, the rabbit a little on the game-y side but still wonderfully prepared), but an adventurous one ordered the $145 tasting menu and I would absolutely order the same next time. If I remember correctly, it started with an oyster topped with caviar, then a smaller preparation of my lobster salad, a risotto covered with a layer of truffle shavings, a generous portion of seared foie gras, a perfectly cooked sea bass, filet mignon, a sorbet, and then a bread pudding type dessert. I was fortunate enough to get a taste of almost everything and the risotto and filet were incredible. The foie gras was really beyond words- incredibly rich and melt-in-your-mouth-y. I loved the handpainted plates with whimsical illustrations and fresh flowers at every table, perfectly matched with the jewel-toned decor. Vegas (and especially the Bellagio) really takes all dining experiences to another level and that's certainly true at Le Cirque.
4	My most vivid memories of Vegas are as a child.My parents, though not formally diagnosed as compulsive gamblers, liked Las Vegas... a lot.We'd make the 6 hour drive from Salt Lake City to Vegas 4 or 5 times a year.  I've spent some interesting holidays in Vegas as a kid, some highlights off the top of my head:- Age 14, buying a chocolate milkshake at the Burger King in the food court of the MGM Casino.  I was alone.- Age 10, 12, 15, Thanksgiving dinner at the Stardust Buffet (RIP)- Age 8, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, etc... Trolling the midway arcade at Circus Circus with a pocket full o' quarters.Aaaah, the memories sweep over me like a wave.  God I was pathetic!!!Now that I'm older and have more than a roll of quarters in my pockets (remember, size doesn't matter), my Vegas experience is vastly different.  The main difference is that wifey won't let me go cheap here because she's a wallflowery princess.In the spirit of living high off the hog, we dine at Nevada's branch of the famous New York institution, Le Cirque.In short, it's good.But I have a problem with circus themes, the clowns give me nightmares.  The other problem is that when you tell people you dined at Le Cirque, most assume it's the one in NY.  Definitely less snob-appeal.  But I guess if you're in Vegas, edgy sophistication is pretty much thrown out the door.Eat the foie, play the slots, and stay away from the creepy clowns!
5	I have always heard of the Le Cirque in NY but haven't gone yet. The one in Vegas was A+! The decor of the dining area was beautiful, the ceiling has pieces of colorful fabric artfully draped on the ceiling, meeting in the center. You have a great view of the water show that goes on every 15 minutes in Lake Bellagio. The food is divine and they give very generous portions. I was full after my lobster salad appetizer. Which was so delicous I inhaled it. I then had to try to dig into my beef tenderloin with foie gras on top but I could only manage to eat half of it. It was good, big piece of meat, I was just too full. But I had to make room for dessert. We all got different items. The best one was the tropical one served in a coconut shell. The flavors in there were just so well married together. It was bursting with flavors and just so pleasing to the palette. I have never tasted anything like it before! We had an exceptional meal here. It was definitely memorable and now I can't wait to go to the one in NY!
5	A truly memorable dinner experienceDecor/ambience-Our table for two looked out over the lake and fountain show that repeats every 20 minutes; the walls covered by unique  whimsical murals of circus scenes very tastefully done; agree completely with V LService-could not have been better; two tuxedo clad "Captains" served us with help from dedicated pleasant bread server; all were knowledgeable of menu and winesFood-Wow  Lobster salad had large chunks  and sauteed fois gras was tasty but undercooked for my taste, the only hiccup in our mealEntrees- Sea Bass and Beef Tornado(Filet Mignon) with sauteed fois gras this time cooked just right....sauces with both were perfectBreads were unlike any we've hadForgot.... meal began with marinated cherries  served in lemon zest rose water...tastyDessert-chocolate souffle with vanilla ice cream and creme fresh and creme broulee .... both were spectacularmeal ended with selection of petit fours that  were consistent with fine dining we had come to expect that eveningWhat can I say a memorable evening in every respect....Le Cirque is Le Best!!!!
2	I was very excited about Le Cirque and it turned out to be a disappointment. While the service was good, I thought the food could be improved. I found it to be too rich. What I was most impressed with were the plates themselves. They were very nice plates and probably some of the best I've ever eaten on.
5	This is one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. I went here on an anniversary for dinner and had the prix fixe menu with wine paring. Better than my experience at Aqua in San Francisco...Everything was excellent and the wine paring is a must. Of course this place is a splurge, but is what the definition of fine dining is in every aspect, food, service (even though the somalier wasn't all that friendly) atmosphere, wine, A++
5	This is the second time that I have been here (the first being at their signature NYC establishment), and I have to admit that this was an amazing experience compared to the first. Set against the back drop of the famous Bellagio water fountain, they managed to convert the circus decor into something rather elegant. That, for me, was an amazing achievement since I am still haunted by that crazy clown from Stephen King's book/movie IT. Admittedly though, the quarters were slightly cramped more than I had hoped, so much that I felt as if I was participating in the neighboring table's conversation. But at least everyone tries to speak in a slightly hushed tone. Furthermore, the restaurant claims that a tie and jacket are required. I have to be honest - the only people that were wearing the preferred attire were the waiters and me. Everyone else was in the jeans and a button up (maybe a few khakis).Now, moving on to the more important affair of that evening, the food. I ordered the Prix Fixe plus the wine pairing. Although I cannot recall the menu course for course, I will tell you that the food was fantastic. The wines matched the food perfectly, and the food was well balanced and not too heavy. Since we had gone for an anniversary/birthday, they even wrote Happy Birthday and Anniversary on the dessert plates (except I think most any restaurant will do that). 2 hours later, I was happily drunk and plump. This definitely ranked high amongst my dining experiences and I think it's a great place to go for any special occasion. Summary:1) Slightly cramped quarters2) Good service - not the best. We had a friendly waiter who was not a supercilious snob. But I have had weird yet great experiences where the help goes so far to open the bathroom doors for you.3) French accents = Fake?4) Fantastic food5) Great view of the Bellagio fountain
4	I went to Le Cirque with insane expectations.  Being only my second dinner at the Bellagio, the previous one at the amazing Picasso, I had anticipated this dinner quite a bit.  In the end, I was disappointed.We went in a party of 7.  When we sat down, menus were provided, but we knew immediately we were doing the tasting menu.  We raised some special needs with our waiter, and he provided several possible substitutions for certain dishes that did not fit the constraints.   He suggested a truffle rosotto over the scallop and mushroom.  Instead of john dory, how about rabbit, or chicken (really?), or filet?  With the menu decided, bread was served.  The bread was excellent.  There were three or four different breads in each basket.  The highlight was something I've never seen before: fat, soft pretzel bread.  It was like having a soft pretzel in bread form.  It was great.The first course was a lobster salad, but I don't eat shellfish.  Instead, I was given a nicely presented traditional salad.  It was okay.  Nothing very exciting, though the tomatoes were excellent.The second course was a sauteed foie gras with dried fruits and hazelnut.  A classic combination, again, tried but true. This was excellent, though I think I've had enough foie gras for a couple years from this one dish alone -- it was not lacking in quantity.  The next course was the risotto.  Again, the menu called for a scallop and mushroom, but I opted for a truffle risotto.  Boy, did it have truffles.  The entire mini sauce pan in which it was served was covered with large flakes of truffle.  I've never seen that much in one place.  The risotto was good.  The truffle tasted like nothing.  Yes, there was enough truffle to take many bites of just truffle.  I simply didn't understand it.  I suppose truffle is best appreciated through the nose. Other members of my party who ordered the scallop rosotto preferred theirs over the one with truffle. The next dish was the jon dorry.  It was fine.  Interestingly, it was served with a red wine sauce, which I do need to give the chef props for.  That was unique to my experience.Then, the lamb.  I am having a hard time remembering it, again.  The waiter did not ask for our temperature preference, and as such everyone's came our medium/medium well.  That alone was not so impressive.  I do recall that it was the cleanest frenching I've ever seen on a chop, though.With all the courses over, our waiter asked us if we'd like dessert.  We say yes, order some coffees, and by the time the coffee is served, the waiters all come out with 7 different desserts prepared, one for each person (a surprise!).  We played a game of Pass the Dessert and got to try them all.  Each was quite large.  The best was probably a coconut/mango ice cream served in a coconut.  Other offerings included two souffles, a strawberry shortcake, and others.  On top, we were provided petit fours.  Again, nothing truly amazing.In all, I found the food pretty generic.  It was solid, no doubt, but not creative.  Nothing elicited a "wow" except, perhaps, some of the portions.  I feel like the kitchen was playing it safe with this menu.I must compare this restaurant to Picasso.  The experience pales in comparison.  Add on top of that that the menu is $145 per person ($40-$50 more than Picasso) and then another $14 per person for the truffle substitution (and for what, exactly?), and one wonders what the value proposition here is.  Perhaps my anticipation got the better of me, but in all, I can't fully recommend this restaurant.  I think there are better choices out there.
2	The food was decent, but it made me sick. So much, that I didn't even finish my food. I ALWAYS finish my food, especially if it's $$$$. But this time, I was cramping, ready to barf, and almost missed Zumanity which was suppose to be right after dinner. Besides getting sick, the food was OKAY. I had the scallops, which was no better than the scallops I order at Scott's Seafood. The lobster salad was slightly better than the food I eat at Google, but I get that for FREE.All in all, blah (and barf)
3	impeccable service. good wine selection. food is pretty much standard fair that you'd expect at a high-end french restaurant. can use some creativity.
3	Stuffy and pretentious. That's how I would like to start this review. Be warned! The wait staff had the nerve to talk sh*t about a friend that was having a great (loud) time at our table in French. Little did they know that 2 people including myself spoke French so we became louder and stayed WAY beyond our welcome. I didn't see any other table drop $$$ on Caviar or Magnums so why tell our table to behave? Other than that, the meal was good. My favorite from the tasting menu is the Canard & Foie Gras. For $300 a head, go to Picasso instead.
3	Like every Relais & Chteaux we've been to, this place was wonderful! We made reservations online and it was as easy as clicking some buttons, even for a long-weekend Saturday night (which we did, maybe a few weeks prior to our trip to Vegas). I believe there are two general seating times. Be sure to book the 6-6:30 pm reservation, if you have theatre plans afterwards. Oh, and most importantly, be sure to request for the fountain view. There are only three table against the French doors with max seating for four people per. On the day of our reservation, we accidentally walked into Circo. However, the sister restaurant was quick to point us in the right direction when the saw us walking in slightly overdressed for their venue. Le Cirque is tucked away next door... hehe. The hostess asked us if we needed to check in our coats or if we desired a cocktail in the bar before proceeding to dinner. We asked to have our cocktails at the dinner table, which was fine. During the course of the entire experience, the staff was very attentive. The FOOD... oh, the food. It was a SPLENDID tasting! Oh, and the wine pairing is a must have. (Who needs to pound their head trying to figure out what wine should go best with what's on the menu when the sommelier has done it for you?!)  They lavish their courses with truffles.  Perhaps, that was a low blow to get my vote, but it worked.
1	Tragically disappointing, unless you enjoy eating raw lobster and scallops.  Outrageously expensive as well.  Details below.We visited Le Cirque on 12/17/07.  I wanted to take my partner and some lifelong friends out for a fantastic dinner in Las Vegas and the concierge assured me that this was one of the best restaurants in town.  "Five star" quality she said.Well, the dinner was a total disaster.First, our cocktail disaster.  We ordered Ketel One martinis, and from our table we watched the martinis sit in the shaker for nearly ten minutes before the bartender poured them into glasses.  When they finally got to us they tasted mostly like water.Next, the appetizer disaster.  My partner ordered the scallops and lobster appetizer.  After one bite of the lobster, he realized that the lobster was NOT COOKED.  Everyone at the table inspected the appetizer and agreed that it was not cooked.  The restaurant manager agreed too, so she sent it back to the kitchen and brought my partner another one.  Well, the second appetizer had cooked lobster but RAW scallops!  So we had to send that one back too.  Yikes.  At this point, my partner declined a third try on the appetizer.Because of this terrible screw up, the restaurant then decided to bring our entire table free garlic pasta appetizers (without asking us first).  Unfortunately, my partner does not eat fresh garlic, so they had to take that back.  Then, again without asking us first the restaurant brought my partner a foie gras appetizer, which he also couldn't eat because he doesn't like foie gras.  Even though the restaurant meant well by these gestures, they only made the situation worse because they didn't ask us what we wanted.Now on to the wine steward disaster.  When we sat down, I consulted with the wine steward over wines and selected both white and red wine for our table.  Well, the red wine didn't show up until our main course was served, but no white wine -- the wine steward had completely forgotten about the white wine that I had selected!  We had to remind him.  This is not the type of wine steward service that I expect from a five star restaurant!And finally, the main course disaster.  Three of our four main courses arrived barely warm.  At that point, my partner sent his main course back to the kitchen and decided to not eat dinner altogether.  I ate my sea bass main course and it was decent but would have been better hotter.  Not one of my dinner guests raved about the food at Le Cirque.So overall, my wonderful idea of a fantastic dinner for my partner and my two longtime friends turned into something out of a Stephen King novel.  I was very disappointed.Of course, the restaurant apologized profusely for serving us uncooked seafood and for the comedy of errors (especially since the manager witnessed all of it firsthand), and comped my partner's dinner, the watered down martinis and our bottle of red wine.  This was a nice gesture, but even after this, our bill still came to over $400 for four people.  Way too much money for the quality and service at this place.Afterwards, we spoke to the general manager of the Bellagio Hotel, where we were also staying, about this horrible experience.  The general manager took my partner's drivers license number and address in order to run a background check on him, and then promised to contact us the following day about our situation.  The next day we received a call from the hotel's Risk Manager who offered us two free nights stay and free dinner for two on a future stay once my partner signed a legal liability release for the hotel and restaurant.  Yes, everything always comes down to the lawyers!!  LOL  So, the hotel did try to make things right for us as best as they could.Luckily, after all of this, the MOST IMPORTANT THING is that my partner did not get sick from eating that one bite of uncooked lobster.  But it did create one very unpleasant experience for us.
3	Le Cirque gets huge points for being super vegetarian friendly, sort of.  When I was first seated, I asked the waiter what my vegetarian options were.  The only one on the menu was a mixed green salad and there was no way that I would order that for $100 dinner.  So, French-waiter-man rattled off some options and when he got to truffle pasta or truffle risotto my dining companions got all giddy.  I decided on ravioli for a starter and, based on peer pressure, truffle risotto for my main dish.  The ravioli was really good, but the sauce was supposed to be herb-something and instead was butter thickened with butter (much like at Cuistot).  The risotto was a large portion completely covered with truffles.  It was incredibly rich and very good, but I could only eat about 1/3, so I took the rest home.  Some of the dessert options were odd - strawberry soup?  Midori melon something? They do have souffles, which one in my party ordered.  It was fine but nothing fantastic.  The coffee ice cream was fine but nothing fantastic. I had a praline mousse which was also, nothing fantastic.  I think the goal might be to be totally full by the time dessert comes because it wasn't that exciting.  Most of the petit fours received the table's approval except a yucky strawberry-marshmallow-thing.As for the basics, the bread basket is good - rustic white, olive or pretzel bread.  They push water like you wouldn't believe.  If you order sparkling water for a table of four, they automatically bring out two bottles and fill large glasses completely full which is kind of annoying.  Also annoying is how they are constantly fussing over you, pouring a splash of wine because you took one sip.  My least favorite of all fussing is when they fold your napkin/replace your napkin while you are off in the restroom.SO THEN THE CHECK COMES and there is a $62 surcharge for the truffle risotto.  No one said anything about a surcharge when offering truffle risotto as a vegetarian option.  I get that truffles are expensive, but rice isn't, so the only ingredient that cost any money in my risotto was the truffles.  $170 for ravioli, risotto and mousse, really?  This was the first time ever that I wasn't a cheap date.
5	If you're in the mood for extravagance and over-the-top WOW - definitely wine & dine at Le Cirque. The service was probably the best I've ever experienced anywhere, EVER. The food was so delicious (although a little buttery but isn't all French food?), and our sommelier was simply amazing - so UNpretentious, unlike most sommeliers who act holier-than-thou. He gave us excellent recommendations, so en pointe with every selection; he was witty and charming and just lovely.For the experience, the food, the service, the ambiance, everything - definitely worth it.
5	Top notch French restaurant. Incredible food (Tasting menu, as always), with a great wine list, but you'll paying 3-4 times retail for your 1982 Margaux... wine pairings are excellent and make a realistic alternative.Service is excellent, decor beautiful, and you may even get lucky and get a table overlooking the fountains. Small and intermittent. Dry clean the suit before going...
5	We recently went there for the first time and loved it.  The food was  not extremely French.  The portion sizes were large, but the food was excellent.  Service was great and the sommelier was very laid back and helpful.  The wine list had a wide range of selections and many different price points.I had really great sweetbread dish with morel mushrooms and thyme.  The duck is excellent and the desserts are fantastic.  My husband has  a poached meringue in vanilla ice cream sauce that was outstanding.  I liked this place better than Alex.  A few of the preparations at Alex were a bit more imaginative, but Alex is higher priced, has way more expensive wine, and is a bit stuffy. Most of the staff at Le Cirque have been there for many years and were very friendly.  We are local and it is our new favorite place.
5	Arriving in Vegas earlier in the day, I'd been awake for nearly 20 hours when I stepped into the Bellagio for my 7:30 reservation.  Tired but excited I walked in and mentioned I had a reservation for one to which the beautiful attendant stated "Ah yes, Dr. U, we've been expecting you."  At this point I was handed off to a team of fantastic servers who showed me to my window-side 4-top and the extravagance began.  I'll get my complaints out of the way early....there was a spot on the tablecloth approximately the size of match-head...no more complaints.  Perfect service, flawless timing, full descriptions, elaborate presentations, the gorgeous interior and fountain show outdoors....and a customized tasting menu as follows:Amuse Bouche:  Komomoto Oyster w/ American Caviar - I'm not an oyster guy, nor a Caviar guy, but the presentation was gorgeous and the flavors far more subdued than past tastes.  While I cannot say I'll ever appreciate these two items as much as other haute-cuisine, I can definitely say I'll look forward to my next unexpected encounter.Bread Basket:  Pretzel, Walnut Olive, French Baguette w/ salted and unsalted butter.  The Baguette was crunchy and perfect for soaking up sauces, the pretzel crispy and salty outside and buttery soft inside, and the olive walnut simply sublime.  Better Pretzel than Mastros or Yankee Stadium, Better olive than Gramercy Tavern.  Runner up to Spago for best basket all time.  Better yet - After the first three courses I'd eaten one piece of each and went to grab another piece of Baguette for sauces when the waiter whisked it away and replaced it with a piping hot fresh basket stating "it isn't as good when it cools."Course One:  Lobster Salad w/ avocado, frisee, hericot vert, black truffle - A Le Cirque classic and for very good reason.  Beautifully poached lobster over a puree of avocado and hericot verts, a layer or frisse, and a drizzle of black truffle dressing topped with a shaved black truffle.  Delicious as it was decadent, a beautiful way to start.  (note: the truffle was fresh and quite good, but certainly more for effect than taste....like plastic surgery on a super model....it was already great, but here is that extra unnecessary touch.)  Course two:  Sauteed Foie Gras w/ microgreens, petite chestnuts, white peach, blackberry, cranberry - Sublime.  Fatty and flawless inside, just slightly crisp outside.  Served warm and sweet with a brilliant contrast against the tart berries, crispy peach, and crunchy nuts with the microgreens added for texture.  While not quite as innovative as the version at EMP, better in flavor.Course three:  Crispy Sweet Breads w/ Fig and grape marmalade, veal reduction, butter basil foam, asparagus/heirloom tomato/mushroom salad - A substitution for the seasonal risotto and absolutely worth the decision.  A single sweetbread panflashed and crisp served beneath an airy butter and basil foam over a flavorful salad the dish was further enhanced by the addition of two smears of fig jelly that provided a sweet component to the already incredibly savory dish.  The veal reduction was poured in a small ring around the dish tableside and was my first experience with what the sous-chef could really do...until dishes four and five.Course four:  Paupiette of Sea Bass with Pinot Noir sauce, crispy potato skin, microgreens and shredded savoy cabbage - Another Le Cirque classic and another winner in every way.  Perfectly poached bass with a crispy paper-thin skin served over a crispy salad and covered with a sauce that can only be described as heavenly.  Sweet and winelike yet bold and buttery, refined yet complex....more bread, please.Course five:  Organic chicken w/ Foie gras macaroni, truffle, asparagus, tomato compote - My second substitution as I don't favor beef and a second wonderful choice.  Clean and tasty chicken with thin shavings of black tuffle beneath the crispy skin served over a layer of long handmade macaroni and a transcendent sauce of mushroom puree and foie gras.  Wonderfully crisp asparagus and a beautifully complex grilled tomato compote lent additional flavors to the dish, as well.Palate Cleanser:  Tequila Sorbet with gold leaf, dragon fruit, dinosaur plum, coconut milk, and edible bowl - More pineapple than tequila, this sorbet was divine and a mere sign of things to come.  The fruit compote was delectable and the coconut milk wonderful for offsetting the citrus.  I'd like to say I knew the bowl was edible, but initially when I broke it I was worried....I think this was expected as my server then stepped in to suggest I "try a bite."  The gold leaf....we'll chalk that up to extravagance, it had no flavor.See profile site for full review with formatted pics.
4	Filling tasting menu.
5	My dinner experience at Le Cirque was one of those that was so good I'll remember it for years.The food: They have a tasting menu and an ala carte menu.  We did the ala carte menu.  However, they provided a small appetizer which was a butternut squash soup with mini marshmallows.  It was soooooooo good.  If it was a regular menu item, I would've ordered a gallon of it.  For the main course, I had the Coeur de Filet de Boeuf which was to die for.  The portion was not to big and the foie gras that came on the side was excellent.  For dessert, they gave each table a cute tray with assorted petite fours.  I tried one or two of them and they were excellent.  My boyfriend had the chocolate souffle which was perfect, the level of sweetness was just right.  I had the creme brulee which was perfect, it came with a small scoop of lemon gelato that was topped with edible gold... yes, that's right, edible gold.  Finally, they do give each table a really cool gift box that has two delicious truffles.The food was excellent and you could tell they put a lot of thought into their dishes.Service: Truly amazing.  I was a little worried that my boyfriend and I were going to deal with condescending waiters who would label us as young kids who had no business in being in a frou frou restaurant.  This was not the case at all.  Everyone was polite and courteous and we got the same level of service that the other customers got.  Every staff member knew where they had to be and you could see how everything worked like clockwork.Ambiance:  Its a small restaurant which for me, made me feel special.  It's circus themed with the ceiling looking like a tent top.  Paintings are of circus scenes.  My favorite thing though were the dishes.  They were monkey themed and I am the hugest monkey fan.  The restaurant has a view of the Bellagio fountains.After my experience, I understand why this restaurant is a 5 star award winner.  While the prices may scare you away, I say its worth going and checking out.  It will definitely be one of your most memorable meals.
4	Interior: 9/10, Food: 8/10, Service: 9/10.Great dining experience.Interior is very interesting. I came with a large party, so we didn't get a window seat. Would have been spectacular if we had a better view.Food was very ornate. May have looked better than it tasted, but it was still delicious.
4	I opted to have my wedding reception at this restaurant on Valentine's Day for a party of 11. We all had a lovely meal, which was paired with a wine tasting. The duck with warmed apricots was memorable and the service and ambience were fantastic. You can even catch a view of the Bellagio fountains from certain seats. My only complaint is that for some reason the wine was not included on the bill and so we received a phone call on our wedding night at 11pm at night to notify us of their mistake.  We wished they could have handled the error in a more respectable way, such as calling the next day. The waiters were entertaining and we will surely remember the evening.
3	The restaurant is non smoking, but it is right next to the Casino.  They don't close their doors until ~9 or so, and until then, it is NOT a non smoking experience.  Be warned.Service was terrific and prompt.  Table next to us had a wedding proposal and a show to go to, and they accommodated all of those needs.Atmosphere has a circus/happy monkey theme.   I liked it; some may not.  Some of the views oversee the fountains.We had the tasting menu.   Overall, very good, not totally out of this world, but very good.  Some great stuff - Risotto with truffle, foie gras.  The cut of beef was  a little gristly.  The desserts (they brought one for each tasting) was terrific without being too experimental and the pre-dessert palate cleanser (raspberry sorbet with grapefruit?) was really terrific.  Petit fours that came with the check were high quality. They give truffles at the end, but in a little cardboard chest drawer - pretty neat.   I almost enjoyed the desserts the most.Kind of expensive.Just be sure the smoke isn't too strong for you before you go.  Michael Mina and Picasso (in the same hotel) are further away from the Casino and more smoke free.
5	Delicious! We went on our honeymoon to Vegas, and this was the last place we ate at. What a way to end a trip. We did the tasting menu of 3 courses. My risotto was amazing. I had the rabbit, which was delicious but so rich. I loved our waiter, although the sommelier seemed a little stuck up. The dessert was divine, as were the truffles.
5	We just went here for dessert, after dinner at Lavo, but what a spectacular, classy experience it was. They close at 10, I believe, but when we walked in around 11 and asked if they could seat us for dessert, they said, "Absolutely." Walking into the circus themed dining room, with dark wood panels and windows overlooking Lake Bellagio, you almost forget you're in Vegas...that is, until the Bellagio fountains show begins. I can only judge the food from my one dessert and the little dessert sampler they bring out with it, but if all the food is as good as these items, then Le Cirque rightfully deserves to be one of the top 10 restaurants on the Strip. Our dessert (I can't remember the name) was a marvelous creation of strawberries, creme, and streussel in an egg shaped bowl made out of ice and floating on a bowl of pink-colored ice chips. And the dessert sampler they brought out with it (always a classy touch) was just as wonderful. Service here is as fine as anywhere in Vegas - the staff is the definition of restaurant professionalism. When you leave, they give you little boxes to take home with little drawers that pull out, each holding a truffle candy. These small, classy touches, top-notch service, and extraordinary cuisine (from what I can tell by the little we had) truly validate Le Cirque's AAA Five Diamond rating.
5	Who spends $150 on just 3 drinks, 1 dessert and 1 cheese plate?  That would be me.  Had the Freddy drink special, champage with rasberry puree (a crazy 22 each!) this praline mousse thing that comes in a ball and you pour chocolate and it melts and its all goodness inside.  And an excellent cheese plate with creative pairings (olive/plum tapanade, ginger spiced something or other).  Service is nice.  I don't gamble in Vegas, I only eat.  I will definitely come here next time for a full meal.
4	Since the food in Vegas is marked up a gazillion percent, we decided that one nice meal out was all we could afford while in town. Le Cirque in the Bellagio was a wise choice. It was a perfect blend of fine dining and fun. I started with the lobster salad which was phe-nom. We were told that people come here from all over JUST for this salad and I could see why. The beef tip that I ordered was good but a little dry... I had mistakenly approved medium well thinking that he had said medium, so that was probably more my fault than anything else. The best part of the meal was the dessert. I am a chocolate lava cake connoisseur and I have to say that the one I had here was the best I've had yet, even surpassing Shadowbrook's in Capitola (which is very hard to do)! I will also note that I tried my friends truffle risotto, wow....if I had to do it over again I might have passed up the lobster salad and gone for this dish. It seemed almost impossible for something to taste so damn good. The decor is festive and fun with a colorful circus theme. The service was impeccable and well timed the way it should be. My only complaint was that the server pulled out all the stops to sell this seasonal champagne cocktail that didn't do much for me; it tasted like any other effervescent drink and since he raved about it I expected greatness. If you're in Vegas and have some money to spend on a nice dinner, this is a great choice.
5	An upfront warning - these events happened a few years ago. This isn't meant to be a current review, but an overview of the class and integrity of the restaurant and its management. As gourmands, my wife and I enjoy Las Vegas for it's abundance of high quality restaurants.  The couple we were with are of the same mind, so we visited Le Cirque with high expectations. The decor (circus tent ala Donald Trump), service and food were all that we had hoped for - until my wife noticed her entree wasn't what she ordered. She had ordered the Sonoma Lamb; when it came, it looked suspiciously like veal.  My wife doesn't eat veal, so we call the waiter over for confirmation.  Sure enough, they had run out of lamb and the chef had substituted (without asking) the veal.  Our waiter said this was SOP for the restaurant - the chef decided what to serve if your order wasn't available. Naturally my wife was irritated, and sent back the entree for another lamb order.  The rest of us had finished our dinners before hers came back - and it was the sorriest piece of meat I've seen served this side of Denny's.  Since I had initially encouraged her to accept the veal, this became my fault and the evening was ruined.  We ended up paying the bill (a small fortune) and leaving no tip for the waiter. When we got home I wrote letters of complaint to the Bellagio, Le Cirque Las Vegas, and the original Le Cirque in New York.  Imagine my surprise when I received a response from all three.  New York's response came first, and offered a free lunch whenever we were in town.  Then Las Vegas' letter came in the mail, offering a complimentary dinner the next time we visited.It was a few months later, but we returned to the Bellagio and took them up on the offer.  My wife got her Sonoma Lamb, I got a Staglin Cellars cab (which I expected to pay for), and we got the dining experience we had hoped for the first time - all comped.  The icing on the cake was that our waiter from the first time was standing in the corner - we called him over and gave him the tip he deserved from the first meal.A long after the fact review, but I hope it encourages you to visit an establishment that stands behind its reputation.
5	favorite restaurant  in vegas... Private... small... amazing food... service by far the best.... and great waterfall show outside... this place is to die for... also very pricey .... avg check around 300$ for 2 (with ordering water for drink)
5	The service at this restaurant is awesome.  They're friendly, helpful, and so attentive.  We had a table that wasn't too far from the windows so I could see the fountains outside while waiting for our food.  The decor is romantic and vibrant.  My dinner was excellent and they serve each item on these cute plates with monkeys painted on them.  I enjoyed the pork belly appetizer, filet mignon topped with foie gras, and a classic creme brulee.  Husband had the lobster salad, savory and tender canard, and a light and flavorful souffle.  We had a fantastic time and left with a little chocolate truffles in a beautiful box and petit fours packed to go since we were oh so stuffed.
5	The quality of food, service, ambiance you get at Le Cirque is world class.  I think if I may dare say, had the best meal ever at Le Cirque but it may have been the beautiful French accents from our wait staff and the view of the Bellagio fountain right next to me that was doing the trick... From the minute we entered this restaurant, I knew we were up for an amazing experience.  The level of attention you receive from the host, bartender, sommelier, manager, and waiter all at once is overwhelming yet flattering.  I loved their accents...My friend and I honestly couldn't get enough.  We chose the Tasting menu with the premier wine pairings. Amazing combinations, one by one explained to us in detail by the lovely sommerlier.  Some of my favorites of the night was the lobster salad.. a must try! fois gras was the best I've ever had...perfectly done, and the risotto! AMAZING...the sea bass which was paired with a Red surprised me but I later found out that it was because the sea bass is cooked in Pinor Noir sauce...AH.... i wanna go back! The damage was done after having our last course, the Souffle! chocolate souffle!  Had a bite and we were done...not because it wasn't good but our stomachs were maxed out...i think a box of biscottis packed in elegant le cirque boxes were a nice touch!  The bill came out to be just under $800 for the two of us...I know crazy... we did drink alot and besides Bellagio comped for all our meals...can't wait to go back!!!!!!!!
3	stopped in before watching "O" to grab some appetizers and cocktails.  very mixed feelings about this place.  on one hand the service is impeccable.  our waiter and bartender were beyond polite.  the food however was just not that great.  we had the lobster salad and the pork belly.  lobster salad was meh.  tiny morsel of lobster.  really, really tiny.  the pork belly was kind of jerky-ish.  i mean, it's not hard to make tender pork belly.  we got a free amouse buche of cucumber chilled yogurt soup that was probably the best part.  then came the bill.  for 3 drinks and 2 appetizers we paid 160 bucks.  yikes!  totally not worth it.  we went to craftsteak the next night and were blown away.  i feel kinda bad flaming them cuz they were soooo nice, but the food was not that great.
5	4.5 stars.After watching the documentary about the building and opening of Le Cirque L.Vegas, I really wanted to go check it out for myself the work of Sirio Maccioni.  Just like what I saw on tv, the restaurant was vibrantly and colorfully decorated and I was taking it all in.We went for dinner at 7:30pm and advised the staff that we had a cirque du soleil show at 10:30pm. They told us delightedly that it will not be a problem, and that they have done the tasting menu for someone in 45 mins before!!We were seated a little away from the window but still had the view out the window for the Fountain Show. All the wait staff were nice and efficient. We had the tasting menu.  Everything tasted as wonderful as they looked, from the oyster on half shell amuse bouche to the sauteed foie gras, to the seafood and the red meat courses. All the portion were appropriate. They even had a surprise b-day trio dessert plated for me!!   Very yummie!! We were done with dinner by 9- 9:30pm.   Overall, I have no complains about the food at Le Cirque, they were all well cooked and great tasting. I guess the little minor detail was the service could be worked on, not that they weren't good but I didn't get the down to earth genuine feel...
5	Simply.  Amazing.Le Cirque is one of those culinary institutions with a well-deserved reputation for outstanding food and service.  I've wanted to try the flagship in Manhattan... but when I saw the reviews for the Vegas location, I decided to give it a try.Located inside the posh & glamorous Bellagio hotel, the dining room at Le Cirque overlooks the famous fountain show.  Every fifteen minutes, the fountains come to life through the windows (set to the low-level ambient music of the restaurant instead of tunes you'd be hearing outside).  The decor is circus-themed but very tasteful and subtle.  No scary grinning clowns on the walls.  The tableware features cute little monkeys.  Even though I had no reservation, they took my name and seated me in the lounge for a pre-dinner cocktail... and then called me by name for the evening.  Very personal touch.  The staff were friendly and humorous, and it was easy to talk to them and ask questions during the meal.I ordered the Degustation Menu, which was an exercise in dining etiquette.  I took a course several years ago about using the proper silverware during formal meals, but these dishes presented me with a number of challenges with silverware I've never even seen before.  Fortunately, the staff didn't comment when I used my salad fork to eat the oyster course.  Oops.  The courses were each exquisite in appearance and taste.  I started with the tiniest oyster and a dollop of caviar, which was creamy and delicious.  The opening lobster salad "Le Cirque" was a well-matched jumble of flavors, piled high in a cucumber shell.  The sauteed foie gras was perfectly cooked and seasoned - I've had foie that's over-salted, but this was amazing and the "verjus" sauce was rich and bold with unfamiliar but delicious flavor.  The paired pinot gris was so perfect and sweet that I asked the sommelier to give me the name of it - I will be looking for this wine as a staple at home.  Mmmm.The paupiette of sea bass was really the dish I was most looking forward to, and it didn't disappoint.  This signature dish was just simply divine.  Sitting in Le Cirque, watching the fountains, sipping the same pinot noir that had been reduced to make the sauce... I just wanted to close my eyes and revel in this moment.  Heaven!  The next course was yuzu-glazed duck, and it was probably my least favorite dish of the menu - but it was still excellent.  This was a dish more traditional in flavor and tone.  Duck with citrus is tried and true, not very exciting, but this was well-executed.  At this point I was quite full (and also quite drunk from the wine pairing), and both anticipating and dreading the arrival of dessert.  The meal ended with pre-dessert (blood orange gelee and foam surrounding a rich pannacotta) and then a huge assortment of desserts.  I can see why they'd call this "dessert fantasy" - there were handmade petit fours, a gorgeous souffle with a strawberry cream sauce, and a spoon of tangy and perfect sorbet.  I tasted almost everything but didn't make it very far into the course before I was too full to consider another bite.  This made me sad - I wanted to finish it all!  But the waiter brought me a copy of the menu (so I could know the name of that fabulous pinot gris) and a cute little box with truffles inside.  Everything was perfect.  The atmosphere, the staff, the service, the food, everything.  Given the price, I wouldn't want any disappointments.  The full tasting menu is $125... the standard wine pairing is $65... the signature champagne framboise appertif is $22... and the hot tea I requested with dessert is $4.50.  This is, by far, the most expensive meal I've ever eaten.  But I think it was worth every bite.  The experience filled two hours and I stumbled away into the night, happily sated in both body and soul.
3	Ok, the food itself is truely 4-5 stars but in all honesty, at the price, it frankly is not worth it.  The restaurant itself is a bit of an experience.  The food is very good, the bill was a solid $300 for 2 people.  I honestly have had better french food for about half the price at numerous places in the US, not to mention in Paris for probably 1/4 the price.    I'd honestly hit up Andre's or Bouchon before I did Le Cirque again.  (They drowned my maine lobster in cream and I couldn't even really taste it).
4	After reading the reviews for Le Cirque, I knew I had to go here for my birthday. My boyfriend and I had tickets to see a late showing of 'O' a the Blahgio, which topped off our amazing night.I was just too happy for anything at Le Cirque to annoy me, but in retrospect there were a couple of things. The waiters were extremely friendly, which was wonderful, but a little slow for a place of that caliber. For example, my wine glass stayed completely empty for about five minutes, until finally my boyfriend refilled it for me. Our server turned around at that moment and looked on in horror, then rushed to our table to see if there was anything else we needed. The pate was okay, but not great. The rabbit was so salty I was chugging water. I guess the server noticed and came to ask me if everything was all right. I apologized profusely, then told him what the problem was. He also apologized, joking that "the chef is from Alsace" (which he is). He offered me something else off the menu, but it wouldn't have arrived on time so we skipped to dessert. My souffle came with a candle melted to the plate, which was a really nice touch. They have their own customized plates that are adorable. I forgot to ask whether they were available for purchase.In all, the experience was wonderful, and even the mistakes the restaurant made were duly corrected. I loved the tastefully accomplished circus theme of the place. We were seated close enough to the window to be able to see the water show as well.I don't think I will go there again (unless I happen to see 'O' a third time), but I would certainly recommend Le Cirque for a pre-show meal. I will be heading to New York soon, and hope to try their tasting menu over there.
5	Ah, Le Cirque.. *contented sigh*Our meal was delicious.  Extremely memorable.  Service was great.  Decor was beautiful and playful.  We saw a famous football player.This is currently my top meal of all time.  The dish that really took the cake was the additional supplement we got of risotto topped with huge shavings of black truffles.  I thought I had died and gone to heaven.  A heaven filled with roundish black mushrooms!The desserts deserve a special mention - we got the 'circus of desserts' which includes basically all their desserts and you should totally do it if you have a big group - all the deserts were delicious and special (check out the picture of the yuzu cream and strawberry sorbet in a bowl made out of ice!).  Highly, Highly Recommended.Oh yeah, one more thing.. we all left TOTALLY STUFFED - I know portion size is something people complain about at 'fancy' restaurants but that was NOT the case here.  We were all loosening our belts. :D
5	I LOVE this place.  You're always going to come here knowing what to expect...which is great food.  No tricks or gimmicks just great french food.  We've gone here at least 4 times over the 6 years my husband and I have been together and we live in Northern California.  We usually get the tasting menu and always foie gras and a souffle to end the night.  The service is excellent the decor is whimsical.  This place is a staple in our Vegas trips.
5	Exquisite service and food paired with a hard-to-beat rear view of the Bellagio's fountains made for a memorable pre-show dinner. Also, decadent foie gras--and yes, I feel dirty for liking that stuff.
4	For the ambiance, quality of food, and general service....we knew this was going to be an expensive evening.  The 3 bottles of wine didn't help either, not to mention I know that the New York Le Cirque is expensive (which is why I've never been to that one).I'm not sure if this is their standard dinner, but dinner was a three course pre-fixe meal for $98.  Not bad considering this was Le Cirque, but definitely up there (I mentioned the 3 bottles of wine right?)  Everything on the menu looked fairly good, so it was actually reasonably difficult to pick an entree.  With a table of 8, we all happened to select a good mix of appetizers.  Mine being the escargot, it was very tasty, yet rich.  The dish had ample snails to go around, that I just had to share.  They were that rich I couldn't finish.  The other appetizers on the table looked as pretty as they were delicious according to my dinner party.The actual entree menu was split into a traditional side and a contemporary side.  Interesting for a table of 8, we had a total of 2 actual entrees.  2 ordered the poached lobster with king crab ravioli, and 6 ordered the chilean sea bass - I ordered the latter, though I wished for the former when they came to the table.  Though cooked nicely, I thought the mushrooms that came underneath the fish were tastier than the actual fish.Did I mention that before the appetizer and before the entree they gave us a little more food?  Probably adding to the bill, but the 2 additional "meals" were yummy - some kind of mushroom soup thing, and the risotto.  The risotto again being very rich, I couldn't even finish it.What I found interesting was in between the appetizer and the entree wasn't just the risotto, but was a long long long wait.  Too long considering this fancy schmancy restaurant.  I think even they realized they were moving a bit too slow for food service, because as they offered us our entrees, they suggested for the table to just take a sample serving of desserts....to "save time".  Although they tried to make it seem like it was saving time for us, me thinks it was saving them some time.I don't think the table could have complained anyway, as the sample serving of desserts basically involved them bringing us 8 completely different desserts...so we just took a bit and passed them along.  Eventually, we each found a dessert we liked.  Thank goodness no one was allergic to anything.Overall, I honestly was torn between a 3.5 to 4 star rating.  Honestly it was because of the wait between dishes.  What was their saving grace though was their quality and presentation of their food.  To dine at Le Cirque is truly all about the experience.Just be prepared to pay for it.
5	From start to finish, a well put together meal, great service, great ambiance.Walked in, had a drink at the bar. The bartender knew literally everything there was to know about mixology, along with some weird obscure interesting facts about the liquor I was drinking.Besides having fantastic company, the dinner was a perfect 10. The drinks were great, well balanced. Started off the meal with a "compliments from the chef" chestnut soup. Was absolutely delicious.Had the lobster salad as an app, my lovely date had the chilean sea bass, I had the rabbit. Exquisite dinner, deceptively filling. With a couple rounds of cocktails, the meals, the food... the bill came to $300 with tip. Cheaper than I thought it would be, so that was a nice surprise.I requested a table near the window for the water show and it was reserved for me. Was the perfect start to a romantic evening, and I'm looking forward to going back.Great food, great service, great place. Five stars.
5	Le cirque, one of the 5 star restaurants in Las Vegas was definitely worth my wild! The environment is totally relaxing, romantic view overlooking the Bellagio Fountain, and the energy from the colorful silks ceiling is simple but artistic. My order was the 2 fix course that offers Escargots as my appetizer and my main entree was scallop with fresh lobster tail layered with butter, pesto, a bit of spice, & more. Oh French cuisine, how you make my stomach twirl with butter so of course I subsided that with a glass of merlot and another.  My friends and I were very comfortable and overjoyed with how etiquette their service was. We were fortunate to have a chance to meet the kitchen crew including the head chief- p.s. they were all fine looking fellows  and men in the kitchen just makes this restaurant my number one rating of 2009.
5	Simply fantastic.  Everything in Le Cirque just works.  The ambiance is fantastic, the staff is courteous and professional but not pompous, and the food was fantastic.  We opted for the tasting menu with wine pairing and the sommelier did an excellent job of describing the wines as well as the region and vineyard they came from.  It was almost like taking a class.  A ridiculously tasty class with alcohol.  Now to the food.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  From the lobster salad to the white truffle risotto to the Wagyu beef.  Le Cirque is definitely on my "Come back here soon" list
5	This restaurant is the bomb. The risotto is probably the best in the United States. It just melts in your mouth. It is so delicious. The service was good also. You must try this place if you are craving French food.
2	Our party decided to do the degustation menu. Here is what I think... First course, Lobster salad, there was nothing not to like when it came to the bright clean and refreshing flavor but when you bite into the lobster the only thing that came to mind is chewy and rubbery as if it were boiled/poached way too long.  Next course, the much anticipated foie gras which sadly came cold and rather under cooked with a texture that was flat, lumpy and fleshy. Despite that the paring of the spiced bread and asian pear was terrific and unique. The bass was surprisingly my favorite course, it was everything you want a fish dish to be. Light bursting with delicate flavor yet subtle enough to not over power the fish itself. Although I would have imagined the paupiette to be crisp it was more soggy and soaked through, yet again another dish where taste over ruled texture. My main course the glazed duck came remarkably short of expectation by any standard. Again it came very cold (not even warm) lacking all flavor and texture. There seemed to be no balance in this dish. I was confused on whether or not the skin was supposed to have been crispy but got stale or was just stale. It was most likely cooked to the perfect med-rare and could have been amazing right off the line.  My assumption is because of the lack of enough waitstaff the dish was probably sitting for too long before being served. Here the desserts very much out shone the rest of dinner. If I had to go back I would make this place a stop after dinner just for dessert and drinks in the bar area. The souffle was probably the best I've ever had . It was impossibly airy and light, total perfection! The gigantic chocolate ball reminded me of a ferrero rocher de-ca-dent! On to service... As noted earlier there seemed to be an obvious lack in enough wait staff. They were courteous and not over bearing yet, they seemed unrelaxed and somewhat stressed and frantic. Ambience was interestingly enough a bit disheveled but fun with a circus tent atmosphere. We also did the wine paring which put our bill for two well over $400 making the value to service to food to ambience ratio much lower for a restaurant doting a reputation of such a high calibre. In the end with all the amazing places Las Vegas has to offer its a wonder how they can remain on the forefront of so many "best-of" lists. Great place to eat once just to say that you did. Good luck on your dining adventures!
5	My husband and I dined at Le Cirque for our wedding anniversary, and it was a wonderful experience. We arrived about 15 minutes ahead of our reservation, and we sat at the bar. The bartender made great drinks and good conversation. Eventually, we were seated near a window overlooking the fountains. We ordered their tasting menu with wine pairings. We had an oyster/caviar amuse bouche, the lobster salad, the foie gras with gingerbread, the sea bass, and the duck. We also had two of their desserts. I was stuffed by dessert, so I only savored a couple of bites. Overall, the meal was very decadent, and the wine was paired perfectly. The service was amazing without being stuffy. And, we felt that we were able to take our time eating and between courses without being rushed.  We truly enjoyed ourselves and felt that it was a meal of a lifetime.
4	Celebrated my 30th Birthday at Le Cirque. We dined at 6:00 to take advantage of the theatre menu, I also ordered a traditional three-course meal so I could have the duck. Amuse bouche of tuna and caviar was wonderful, risotto was fantastic, esgargots was tasty but rich, duck and sea bass were scrumptious, desserts of flamboise and chocolate sphere were a perfect end to an excellent meal. Service was attentive and they went out of their way to recognize my birthday it was a nice treat.
5	The food is great, blah blah blah.The wine list is fantastic, blah blah blah.The circus tent is charming, blah blah blah.The service is attentive, blah blah blah.BUT at the end of the meal they give the ladies a charming red box with two drawers that contain two scrumptious chocolates, and the box can be reused to store jewelry or other small treasures.  The best way straight to my heart?  A gift.
4	You know when you're in Vegas when you don't feel as bad spending grip on a meal but Le Cirque is well worth the fine dining experience in any city.  Service is a huge part of the experience and Le Cirque's staff is ridiculous.  From start to finish it was very classy all the way!  I started with the escargot which was crazy guud.  Crunchy texture from frying after baking? Whatever the method the result was guuud.  Still had much garlicky sauce for dipping bread and the serving size was generous at a dozen.  Followed that with the surf ( lobster ) & turf which was amazing!  Seriously savoring every bite!  Pair that with Stagg's Leap and some other wine I can't remember and buuuyaaawe....drunk fine dining in the LV!
5	How Michelin awarded Le Cirque anything less than 2 stars I'll never know.  While I haven't been to Joel Robuchon (the only 3 star in Vegas), I've been to the other 2 stars and this is at least as good, probably better.I've been a member of Yelp for quite some time now, and this is my first review.  The meal was so good I felt I needed to share.The RestaurantA wonderfully intimate, yet whimsical, environment that's puts you in the mood for a fun evening out.  There is a small bar area where you can enjoy a drink while waiting for your table.  I recommend their signature cocktail, the Veuve Framboise (it's like a really good Kir Royale).  Mmmm.  When you arrive at your table, you might even be blessed with a view of the Bellagio fountains.The ServiceLe Cirque has mastered the art of constantly checking in on your table from a slight distance to make sure everything is going well.  There is nothing worse than enjoying a great meal with constant bombardment from the staff.  Each member of the staff has certain roles.  For example, only the sommelier refilled our wine glasses.  Nice touch!  Speaking of the sommelier, he suggested a great Bordeaux that was reasonably priced.The FoodNo matter how great the decor or service is, the bottom line is the food.  Each dish that came out (we each had an app, entree, and dessert) was better than the last.  I started with risotto that had freshly shaved truffles and champagne.  One of the best risotto dishes I've ever had.  In fairness, this was a fairly expensive supplement to the standard cost but well worth every penny.  This was followed by a duck course that was prepared in about 3 different styles.  I'm craving a return trip just for this dish!  My meal ended with a chocolate souffle.  Shockingly enough, it was great.  ;)I've been to many of the top restaurants in Las Vegas, and I can say that whenever I get asked for a recommendation for high end dining in the city, Le Cirque will be the first restaurant I mention.
5	The first time I went to Le Cirque, I was charmed by the decor: a multicolored tent draped on the walls of the restaurant, the adorable monkeys playing on the china (Bernardaud, but unfortunately made especially for the restaurant). The service was attentive and friendly and the meal was simply delicious.But the reason why I love Le Cirque and would recommend it is because I came back. The staff immediately spoke to me in my native French (as if I was just there the day before) and spoiled me with a little extra of my favorite delicacies (gougeres and toasted brioche). The foie gras au torchon is one of the best I've ever had, the lobster was great and our chocolate souffles were decorated especially for our 1st wedding anniversary.The fact that the food is perfect is one thing, but it feels amazingly good to go back to such a friendly place. Whenever we are in Vegas, we know that Le Cirque will always be part of the trip.
5	I love this place.  The first place that I've given 5 stars.  We went there due to a friend's recommendation.   The food was delicious, the ambiance was lovely, the wait staff was very attentive (they asked if we have any food allergies that we should be aware of which not a lot of restaurants do), it was all perfect.  The restaurant is definitely pricey but you definitely get what you pay for.  For the price conscious, they have a pre theater menu for $68 per person from 5:30 to 6:30PM.  I think it was around $95 to $100 if you want it with wine pairing.  One thing you should definitely get is the Beef Tenderloin that comes with the pre-theater menu.  Very tender.  At the end of the meal you get a little gift from the restaurant.  If I ever go back to Vegas, I would definitely visit again.
5	Amazing meal.  As my wife would say, she had the meal of her life here.  Not because everything we ate blew our minds with innovation and flair, but because all the things offered to us were our absolute favorites.  All on one tasting menu.  The flavors were amazing and the classic french techniques were spot on.  Portion size was large for a chef's tasting menu as well, but not overly.  We loved every momemt we spent here.
4	Wow!  The decor alone is 5 star - and I was full after the bread selection.  (All homemade breads.)Very, very RICH meal - and had I not gotten SICK as a dog afterward, I woulda given this place 5 stars.Classic French Desserts were the best part.Yes, it's expensive.  Yes, you're in Vegas.  Yes, it's over the top.We were treated like royalty and had a grand time.  My poor system just can't handle all that butter and cream.  Even the haricot verts salad was covered in a rich creamy dressing.  Lamb chops were EXPERTLY prepared and not over-salted.Ah well, you only live once. - and you gotta come here at least once in your life.
3	Really, this place gets a lower rating because the service was awful.  Maybe it was that two of us ordered the degustation menu and two only an appetizer and entree but, when we hadn't gotten our entrees after 2 1/2 hours, we were less than happy.  When we told the waiter that we were full and wanted to leave and could you please box up the rest of the food, we waited another twenty minutes at which point he brought out our entrees.  I can't really fault the food.  Most of it was really delicious.  I really liked the duck that I got for my entree and would have really liked it later except the waiter threw it away and then tried to pretend that he didn't hear me say I wanted it boxed up.To be fair, we spoke with the manager who comped an entire degustation meal but, even then, we spent $300.  I don't know if they were having an off night but the couple beside us and another table near us waited as long or longer and were also not very happy.  I'm pretty sure the large party near us also complained.I might go back but probably only for the pre-theater menu.  It's too bad their service is so awful because the food is really good.  As a side note, the only thing I didn't like was the sea bass.  It had an odd flavor and seemed overcooked.
5	The scallop risotto was literally to die for.  TO DIE FOR!  If we weren't in such a nice restaurant, I would have used my finger to scrape every bit of rice and sauce into my eagerly awaiting mouth!  MMMMMMMM!!!  It's four months later, and I can STILL taste it!We had the tasting menu, so each course wasn't the biggest, but in the end, we were both severely full.  Although I loved our meal, I think next time I'll opt for the full sized risotto, because it was just that amazing!  The chocolate souffle was likewise out of this world!  I've never had one quite so soft, airy, and fluffy.  It was like eating a cloud and put all other souffles I've had to shame.  Actually, in retrospect, I can't say I've ever had a proper souffle, now that I know what they're supposed to be like.The rest of the meal was very good, but not outstanding.  My duck was a little dry.  The sea bass was nicely done.  I don't remember much else.  On that note, I'd probably rate the food a 4 or a 4.5.  The risotto and souffle were 10's, so that evens out to 5 overall.  Regardless, service was impeccable.  We were waited on hand and foot and made to feel as though we were the only two in the restaurant.  Every dish was explained, from ingredients to eating etiquette, and there was just the perfect amount of personal conversation to make it seem as though we were all friends and that the staff really cared about who we were.  Immaculate!  I've never had such service!  They even matched our dinner napkins to our clothing colors!  So crazy!It was a lovely (albeit pricey) birthday dinner from the boyfriend!  Le Cirque is a lovely restaurant for a special occasion, and it's perfectly situated for an after-dinner show with Cirque.  :)
5	My favorite restaurant in the world!  From the scenic walls and silk ceiling to the mushroom risotto and foie gras, this place is the best.  And Frederick, the French Maitre De makes you feel right at home.  Last time we went he had our entire table rolling, talking about how confused he was by Wendy's square hamburger.  Beautiful atmosphere, perfect food, excellent service.
5	The place to go in Vegas for a romantic dinner for two in a very intimate restaurant!
5	Last minute invite ~Date~ to attend a friends daughters wedding. My friend told me, we were staying at the Bellagio and had made reservations at Le Cirque restaurant. I loved French Foods. It was my first time eating there too. First, the atmosphere was very pleasant and classy. . Immerse ourselves in a jubilant showing of brilliant colors. We had a romantic dinner for two in a very intimate setting. All the food on the menu was to die for. I had a very light dinner yesterday evening. I highly recommend staying and having dinner at the Bellagio. Five Stars for me. Just got home from the airport. Tired! Tired!  Bedtime for me!
5	French fine dining with whimsical circus themed decor.Sole filet --- one of the best I've ever had....buttery with sauce poured over it...heaven!Service was professional and attentive. Didn't have time to try their souffle, we were getting late to the O! Too bad.... T_T
5	I have never been to the original in NY, but everything they say about the original holds true for the location at the Bellagio. If you are in the mood for risotto, then Le Cirque is the place for you. With at least half a dozen offerings daily, including Lobster risotto, you will definitely have your fill. I was suggested the squid ink risotto by the wait staff, but my wife and I were not brave enough.The lobster salad, their signature dish, is by far the best lobster salad I have had anywhere. Le Cirque is a great place to kill three hours...especially if the tables in Vegas haven't been so kind!
5	Got a reservation at Le Cirque for my 30th birthday.  Great meal - we got the pre-theater menu.  Price seemed very reasonable compared to other items on the menu.  The restaurant also gave us a free starter and my wife a small 'jewelry box' with two chocolate truffles in it after dessert.  The service was excellent.  I highly recommend the wine pairing with meal, that made the good food even more enjoyable.  It might be worth calling ahead and asking if you can get a table near the window so as to get a better view of the Bellagio fountains.
5	Amazing service and unforgettable decor. Le Cirque is like stepping onto a stage. The walls are painted artistically in dramatic shades of orange, red, and jewel tones. The high ceilings are made of drawn up fabric that looks like you're inside a tent. Each table had plush furniture and there were whimsical painted murals of circus scenery and animals. The dinner was an experience, one surprise after another. I tried so many new flavors in this one meal, enough to evoke a foodie inkling inside of me. I can't remember exactly what each dish was, but I tried white asparagus appetizer, a shot of some sort of green soup, an apple tartin, raspberry sorbet. I had a sparkling dessert wine and a red wine with my entree of truffle stuffed chicken. A standout was my appetizer, foie gras roasted with blackberries, apricots, and red potatoes. We were also offered complementary petit fors, which were artfully layered and sinfully good. I would recommend for anyone who wants to experience daring French food and likes the finer things in life! It's expensive but I felt it was reasonable for the meal that was delivered.
5	After a great show like 'O' at the Bellagio, where does one go next to continue the amazement and wonder of the cirque theme world? Why...Le' Cirque. We had reservations for right after the show. My party of six were dressed in our finest fabric and don't you forget to because this place has a dress code. All the servers were in fine tailored suits. Upon observation that all the servers were male, I asked our ginger server why this was the case, he said that male servers were more aggressive in serving the cliente but that there were two female servers, one on maternity leave and one was cut when the restaurant down sized it staff. He said there were 3 rules to working there:1) Don't steal2) Don't make mistakes 3) Don't call in sickPoint taken, I'm hiring all males for my restaurant. ;)The menu is quite confusing, especially the gustation taste menu. You get many choices and some no choice at all. The items are separated by a maroon & symbol or an "or". Regardless, ask for help and clarification...you end up getting a six course meal, given the little oyster bonus they bring out.The lobster salad was refreshing, the sauteed foie gras rich decadence, the seabass was in excess, I could have done without, the duck was outstanding, and the train desserts were heavenly. We played musical desserts at our table. And they also gave the women in our group parting boxes of chocolate truffles!
5	Found it by accident. Amidst the madness of disgusting bug-like creatures, stench of cigarettes, and manifestations of the true circus of the grotesque, we spotted this elegant restaurant. It was calling out to us like Noah's Arc in the middle of Bob Dylan's Dessolation Row.  The Chef's tasting manu was amazing. It was what you would expect, punctuated by premium wines.  The 1929 Maury stood out.  The view of the Bellagio Fountains was a nice bonus.  The service was the true category killer. it rocked.  The number of staff, the knowledge base (ie.William the Som was masterful.), the attention to detail.  They had me at "hello".  The best dining experience I had in Vegas, and one of the top 10 ever. Is there more to say?
2	my bf and i came here on our first night in vegas. i was pretty excited because we never have time to actually sit down and eat at a nice restaurant when we're there. the service was pretty good by the other waiters, but our main waiter was rude.. and i thought he was like this to everyone but he wasn't. he did not thoroughly explain the menu to us, but he did to the couple next to us, and everything was really brief with him. hey we're paying $300 for this experience, better treat everyone equally. maybe its cause we're younger? i don't know. the food was alright... the beef tenderloin was really tasteless and dry.. maybe it just wasn't their night since another table complained about something being dry also.
4	I get the feeling that this dinning experience could be great. My wife and I book reservations for dinner and then the 10PM show of O.  Our reservations at Le Cirque were for 8:30PM.  NOT enough time to enjoy dinner and make it to the show.  We were anxious and rushed through our $300 meal.  The service was doing the best they could to get us out. We felt rushed and didn't get to savor and enjoy our food.  If i had to do it again, i would either eat at a more reasonable location prior to the show or early show then dinner.
5	I must say, I've eaten at many fine dining restaurants across the world, and after living in Las Vegas for many years now, Le Cirque is definitely THE global standard for upscale French dining.  Yes, it's expensive, but it is definitely worth the money- you can taste the money you're spending, hahahaha, and I mean that in a good way.First off, the decor is amazing.  I've never seen an establishment pull of a circus-like decor, hence its namesake.  The entire restaurant is eclipsed by a tent-like ceiling made of sheer fabrics of exotic yellows, oranges, and bright vermillions.  The seating is somewhat close to each other, close enough for intimate conversations but not space-invading to the point of intrusion.From the moment the hostess led us to our table, the front-of-house service ran lack clockwork.  Greeted by the maitre d' and the manager, they were then followed by the sommelier who explained what kind of wine to pick since I was fairly picky about what wine I drink with my food.  Sadly, I don't remember what kind it was- all I know is that it was  Chardonnay.  The busser arrived with fiji water and the server came to explain the menu.  He should've saved his breath- I knew exactly what to order.So then I ordered from the prix fixe menu.  From the traditional side, I started off with escargot.  I've tasted it before, but I wanted to taste it from a French chef.  It was amazing.  It was like nothing I've ever tasted.  The texted was soft and slightly slimy, but that's because of the juices that the escargot was served with.  My buddy got foie gras (yes, I know, we wanted to go all-out French), and it was also very good.  It didn't taste like typical liver of any sort, but it was definitely a taste that few could appreciate.For the main course, I got a plate of different sorts of seafood- it had a leg of a crab, scallops, and other crustacean stuff.  It was fairly small- I think the escargot was actually bigger, but no matter- it was still amazing.I can't remember what dessert I had, probably because it didn't taste like anything special in comparison with the appetizer and the main course, but I did remember the waiter serving us a tray of assorted bon-bons (French word for candy) and a box of truffles for each of us.  The synthetic silk box had two truffles- both very tasty, but the bon-bons was what impressed me.  They were all different; different looking and they tasted different as well.  I asked for another plate of them and they gave it to me in a to-go box!  What amazing service :)All in all, this is an amazing restaurant.  This will NEVER fail to impress a dinner date, unless she's eaten at somewhere ridiculous like a French restaurant on top of the Pyrenees during springtime with an accordion player playing tableside on the cobblestone street, lavender aromas from the fields nearby grazing your nose while complimenting the taste of your.. bouillabaisse.. straight from the Mediterranean.So unless you can find that here in Las Vegas, it's best to just stick to the next best thing.
4	I was in LV for my wife's birthday and was looking for a good restaurant at the Bellagio for dinner.So I used Yelp and choose "Le Cirque" thanks to its great ratings.They are deserved!!The food was delicious and the place very comfortable knowing that you are on the Strip. I would have actually give them 5 stars if rating only the food. But the service was mediocre compared to the rest. The waiters were trying too hard to sell you the most expensive part of their menus. And the 2 French waiters were just purely annoying; being pretentious and anything but nice. True French waiters after all (I lived for many decades in France)!!
5	Le Cirque restored my faith in very expensive restaurants. The food was delicious and we were treated as guests to be nurtured through the meal. Our server Tom was gracious as he shared tips for maximizing our enjoyment of each course. In fact, all of the staff were pleasant, down to earth, and eager to serve. The Lobster salad was superb. And the rabbit dish delightful. Le Cirque is not cheap, but it was the perfect choice for a splurge on a 5 diamond dining experience.
4	It was a fun Vegas weekend with the guys, and what better way to celebrate my friend Kevin's birthday than a fancy dinner, right?ATMOSPHERE: Festive, fun, but very high class and hoitty toitty.  The crowd was very conservative looking and everyone spoke at a whisper.   FOOD: Amazing! The salad was clean-tasting, perfectly seasoned, and the lobster was uber-fresh and perfectly cooked.  The filet mignon with foie gras was melt in your mouth delicious, even though I like my steaks cooked medium-well (I know, but get over it).  Finally, the pear souffle was cooked to perfection and tasted like silk!    PRICE: 98 clams for a three course prix-fixe is not bad considering the quality of the food, the pitch-perfect service and the fact that this is Vegas.  Their wine list was very comprehensive and quite impressive.  For those who don't care to spend $5K on a bottle of DRC, you can get a 750 of Papapietro Perry for about 100 bucks ... not too shabby.   SERVICE: Absolutely perfect! The maitre-d, server, sommelier, and bus-boys were attentive but not over-bearing.  The sommelier shared an interesting story about the paintings on the walls, and when I informed our server that they failed to remove the twine from my filet, they immediately took it back and brought out a re-plated entree.     CONCLUSION:  If you're in Vegas and you want to splurge a bit, I highly recommend Le Cirque.  The food ws great, but what sets this place apart is the impeccable service. Oh, and the little truffles they leave you with (in the cool red boxes) are a really nice touch!
5	What an amazing meal. I had a multi foodgasmic experience. Haven't had my taste buds lit up like this in awhile.I have been to some good restaurants and I would like to give my compliments to Le Cirque, especially for being in Las Vegas. Because of the high tourist traffic many times the quality just isn't there at these fancy Vegas restaurants, not so here. We had the Degustation Menu, or Chefs Menu. Amuse-Bouche: Japanese oyster with salmon roe, very different, very good. First course lobster salad. mmm mmm mm. Served with truffle sauce and a few slices of black truffle. Second course foie gras with butterscotch and white chocolate? Are you nuts? It was AMAZINGLY good, hats off. Paupiette Le Sea Bass came next. I heard you can't even order this dish at le cirque new york, luckily its included here. The potato and fish were seared to a perfect crisp. Pinot Noir wine sauce deliciously complex. Second main course consisted of honey glazed duck. Get it medium rare if you like a bit more flavor. Candied pear was a perfect compliment to the fatty duck. Screw the $65 Kobe beef add-on its just a fad. May I suggest a Lewis Vineyards 2004 Reserve to wash it all down with? This is a fabulous bottle, but you gotta bring it cause its not on the wine list. Pre dessert was a delicious sorbet. Really cleansed the palate. For dessert they treated us so well. They brought our table (of 4) four different desserts! So didn't have to.  Molten chocolate cake, yuzu ice cream, peach souffle, and a sort of raspberry sorbet. They served up some petit fours as well. Everything was amazing and made with the upmost care and complexity. Service was top notch just like a good french restaurant would be. Atmosphere and decor are beautiful. Completely worth the money spent here. Cheers!
5	Such an amazing experience! Came here before the "O" show at the Bellagio and it was phenomenal!!! The service was impeccable and the food was out of this world!!! My two favorite ingredients in french cuisine is Foie Gras and Black truffle anything! So I got the Foie Gras appetizer and the black truffle risotto and it was probably one of the most delicious meals of my life. We topped off the meal with an amazing bottle of red and a few desserts because I am very, incredibly, indecisive when I'm not dead set on something. I think we had the poached strawberry, the crepe, and creme brulee. They were all delicious! Le Cirque is mostly an older more conservative crowd so dress accordingly. My date wore a button down / jacket and I wore a LBD (little black dress). Just don't wear your clubbing skank gear here or you'll definitely look like an escort. hahaha
5	I would have to agree with most of the reviews here! One of the best dining experiences in Vegas! I have been to Craftsteak, L'Atelier, Mesa Grill,  Nobhill, and N9NE but Le Cirque outshone them all with their wonderful service and great food. I felt it was a bit stuffy but our group was lively so we made the restaurant work around our mood. :) The best part was the fantasy desserts for my friends birthday. The chocolate souffle is a MUST!!!!Definitely go and you will not be disappointed! :) Also, they give the ladies a tiny jewelry case and put truffles in it. the coconut one is super delish!
3	Probably because I didn't come here as hungry as I would have liked, but the meal fell below my standards. My standards for a meal like this would probably be Fleur de Lys in San Francisco, and Bistro de Paris in Orlando. This isn't to say that Le Cirque wasn't good - I enjoyed my meal, but my expectations were a bit higher than what was delivered to us, because of the service and the food.The atmosphere is beautiful. You can see the Bellagio water show multiple times through the windows, and the interior is decorated accordingly - like a glamorous circus. I loved the murals, the drapery on the ceiling, and the whole French circus meets designer theme.Service - I docked a star for this. We were served by many different servers. I was surprised, to say the least; he only time I've ever had that happen is in chain restaurants that I frequent for good happy hour sushi deals. This became a problem when we needed something because we were not sure which server to call over, and they never seemed to come around enough. On top of that, they were polite, prompt, and smooth, but that was it, and at a restaurant of this caliber, I expected much, much more. More description of the dishes, more coming around to check up on us, or maybe introducing your name (oh wait, that would have happened multiple times because we had multiple servers). And no, being French is not an excuse; the other fine French restaurants I've dined at have delivered impeccable, WAY-above-the-bar service, and I have never failed to remember our server's name because they are THAT good.I got the foie gras saute as an appetizer, le lapin (rabbit) as my main course, and delice de framboise (raspberry sorbert, raspberry milkshake, raspberry gelee) for dessert.The foie gras was good, but I wish I went with the foie gras au torchon instead; the foie gras was tender and juicy, and the caramel was interesting, though it was not to my liking when the sweet and salty mixed (or rather, clashed) together. The fruit was a great accent and I wish there was more of that flavor to balance out the foie gras, rather than the caramel butterscotch that they used.The rabbit had nice texture, but was rather heavy. I don't think the roasted loin did anything for the dish in terms of enhancing its flavor, but the ravioli was delicious and new. The flavor was too salty, in my opinion; I kept trying to avoid the riesling sauce whenever I took a bite..Delice de framboise was near heaven. The sorbet was the perfect texture, and was complemented perfectly by the raspberry milkshake and gelee that it sat upon. Its plating was also gorgeous, in a nestlike bowl atop a pink sugar nest, and with gold flakes and a curved strip of chocolate.I'm not sure who, but someone definitely escorted us out as we were leaving and cheerily said that they hoped to see us again and that they hoped we enjoyed it and etc., etc. He sounded very friendly, very genuine, and if service had been like that all night, this place would have gotten 4 stars instead of 3 from me.So, in short, a nice meal with beautiful atmosphere and good food... but service is merely average (not to mention confusing with the multiple servers) and I'm sure that, being in Las Vegas, you could find a finer restaurant that will deliver a finer culinary experience to your taste buds.Sorry Le Cirque. I wanted to like you so badly, but I was not blown away like I wanted to be (so, so badly). Maybe it was cause I was wearing jeans and a jacket and had no time to change and dress up... but to be fair, my jeans alone cost more than our entire meal (so you can't say I dressed like a cheapass and that's why I got subpar service, haha).
1	The below is just one person's experience and from the looks of the avg diner, it seems like it's a restaurant worth trying.  Vegas is a place of many many food options, from the casual to the super expensive.  Of course, Le Cirque, is considered high end of the spectrum.  We were not planning to dine there so we were all very very casually dressed, which resulted in us being put in the worst table of the house, by the bar at the front door.  The service was expected for the caliber of restaurant but the food was very much below expectations.  The first course lobster bisque was way way too salty.  The risotto was good but not memorable and the salad was a salad, just made to look pretty.  The short ribs were tender but not fall off the bone.  The halibut was not fresh but frozen, with a wrapping around it that was soggy and not what was intended in terms of texture context between the flesh and the breading.  The salmon was over cooked and dry, tasted like something a beginner cook would make.  The desserts were okay.  The waiter I remember was quite rude about the souffle.  The best part of a souffle is to break it yourself and pour in the cream/good stuff but the waiter did that for me without even asking.  The conversation with the waiter was douchy at best, felt like talking to cartoon character of what a waiter is supposed to be.  Back to the desserts. The lemon bomb's presentation was cool; it came in a bowl that was made out of ice, but the taste was too tart and didn't have a sweet balance to it.  The third dessert I think was chocolate but I don't remember.  Yes, people, unfortunately, this memories of this restaurant are all negative. The money would have been better spent else where I'm afraid.
4	The food on the menu may not be for everyone's taste, but the staff at Le Cirque makes it known that even if you wanted a peanut better and jelly sandwich, they'd go out and get you one. The service and experience is worth every penny.
5	I went there for dinner when they had the Christmas menu and as someone who enjoys great food experiences, this was about as good as it gets. Did a pre-fixed menu with wine pairing and each course seemed to be better than the last.Butternut squash soup, lobster salad, truffle risotto, yellowtail, sea-bass, duck, and finished up with a grand marnier souffle. The food was incredible, the wine was excellently paired, and the service was absolutely top notch.If you have the chance (and the means) to go there, you will not be disappointed, one of the most memorable food experiences of my life.
5	Hands down one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. From beginning to end my taste buds were delighted and tingling from all the delicious courses. From the intimate decor to the excellent service and exquisite meal I was on a food euphoria long after my meal ended. The attention to detail here amazes me. The plating is well thought-out and playful  which makes the experience that much more enjoyable. We had the Degustation Menu which was a never ending party in my mouth. I know I should be a little more classy in my review but gosh to the point it was AWESOME! The technique alone for the Filet de Loup de Mer Paupiette of Sea-Bass, Crispy Potatoes, Braised Leeks, Pinot Noir Reduction should demostarte caliber of this place. To add truffle risotto, four different deserts... I am in heaven. Note the menu may be a little confusing so ask for assistance if needed, I did.
5	The best dining experience I have ever had.   The food was stupendous and the service was one of the best I've experienced.  I highly recommend Le Cirque.
5	oh Le Cirque! Yes~ They can cook!!! The food is amazing and everything else is great too.  The setting is very intimate, and you will have a wonderful time there if you enjoy fine dining.  My dinner there was very very satisfying.  I would definitely go back for more. oh I shouldn't forget to mention~ their souffle is the best!
4	Minus one star for the slowness of service and the room in general. I get that things need to be cooked to order, but some attentiveness in between or acknowledgment that it had taken over 30 minutes for us to get from the first course to the next one would have been nice. Also, I felt like I was sitting in the lap of one of the people in the table next to me. We basically had to maneuver our table in order to go to the bahtroom and I'm a small person -- I cannot imagine what someone of normal height would have to do. It's also not as if we were a surprise guest -- I made my reservations well in advance. Thanks to the food, both of these issues were very much overshadowed.  Our meals began with their squash soup shooter and bread amuse bouche. Both were great. Then came the bread platter. Amazing. Between my boyfriend and I we tried all of them, our favorites being the bacon one (bacon!!!) and the lemon/rosemary one. For my first course I had their seared foie dish. It was superb. Su-perb. The boy got the fruit de mer bowl and all in all it was good but not impressive since we hail from the land of seafood. The highlight of it though was the tuna in the middle. It melted in your mouth.My main course was the duck. That was also great. Well seasoned and the confit of some of the leftovers that they gave me was also very good. My boyfriend's rabbit was also very well done. He had never had rabbit before and enjoyed it quite a bit.By the time dessert arrived, we were both sufficiently stuffed. I ordered the chocolate souffle and it was everything I had hoped for. Rich. Creamy in the middle. Delicious. My boyfriend ordered the Sphere which was not only rich and tasty but also really cool to watch as they poured the sauce over it.I really like the petit fours at the end but they seemed a bit overkill given how rich everything else was. The mini jewelry box with truffles was also a nice added touch.
5	One of the things about being in business is sometimes you get a free meal and other times you get to pay.  Well I sort of paid for this one.  Went to Le Cirque with 15 other people.  Yes that is correct 15.  They put together 3 or 4 different tables and chairs for our rather large group.  Seating was tight but this is not a huge place so there is a trade off.1) Salad.  Maine Lobster salad.2) 2nd course was pate de foie gras3) 3rd course for me was the duck4) 4th course was the Kobe beef.5) Dessert with 15 people there were 15 different desserts.  I did not partake in any but they looked fantastic.What sounds like a bacchanal of food really was not.  It was very much a taster menu so each course except for dessert was 2 to three bites of food.  Out of all the dishes I had the duck was the best.  Best duck I have ever had or will ever eat.  It was cooked to perfection and the taste was mouth watering delicious.The other 14 diners had a wine paring with every course.  Since I am a former drinker all I could do was listen to the sommelier tell everyone what a great choice each wine was with the meal.  I believe him after all he was from France and it is a French restaurant so if he does not know know who does.  This of course is a once in a life time meal and Le Cirque gave all 15 of us a once in a life time meal.  Oh yeah after the meal we watched O.  Kind of a slow night for us in Las Vegas....
5	Best meal of my life, hands down.With exceptional food, such as this, I expect a long dinner - 3 hours, in fact.  This was perfect - the service was not slow, they were silently attentive, only interuppting the conversation for the next course.  The staff was amazing... the food - wow.  I didn't think I'd like escargot - I was wrong.  It was rich, flavorful and decadent.  The fois gras - amazingly sweet in one dish, and savory on a steak.  If you love chocolate - get the chocolate sphere for dessert... Just absolutely gorgeous interior, views and experience.
5	This is the best food I've had since I moved to the West Coast from the East Coast. This is truly European/French cuisine. It was filled with delights and adventures in flavor. Each dish had so many unique elements that you enjoyed taking your time to savor every bite. We ordered the three course dinner and took our time eating. Though you walk in to a seemingly pretentious environment, we were delighted to find our server was happy to assist us in choosing what to order. He was human, down-to-earth, and fun. He recommended I try fois gras (my first time) and it was as amazing as everything else. Highly recommended and worth every penny and calorie!
5	Wow.  What an experience!Was in LV for a "Girls Weekend" with my oldest friend.  We had tickets to "O" at 7:30, so were walking around the Bellagio looking at what our dinner options would be around Noon-ish.  Walked past Le Cirque and saw they were advertising a "Pre-Show Menu".  I immediately got on my iPhone to see if I could swing reservations, fully expecting not a cold chance in hell.  I mean-- it's LE CIRQUE.But, there they were, was able to get us in at 6.  (Just 2 of us...)  We actually ended up getting there early (you never know how long it'll take to get a cab/get through the strip during rush hour) and they seated us right away.  This was one of the most elegant restaurants I've ever eaten at.  We opted for the Pre-Show dinner with wine pairing, which was an AMAZING deal at $95/each.  I got the Risotto to start and the Sea Bass.  My friend also got the risotto and opted for the Rabbit for her main course.  Everything was phenomenal!!! Then, for dessert-- they bring us a mini silver tray with Petit Fours and a really large Chocolate Souffle and a small cocounut filled with a coconut-pineapple sorbet-- all for us to share.  OH MY GOD.  Just amazingly decadent.If you have the chance to eat here-- go, go, go.  And as we left, they handed us the most adorable little keepsake box with truffles inside.  Thanks to the staff at Le Cirque for giving us an amazing dining experience!
5	This has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! I have been twice, and on my 2nd visit, the waiters/staff all remembered me and remembered where I sat and what I had ordered!  Pretty impressive. Both times I order the pre-theater menu. It's a great deal and a great way to try their amazing food. During the two visits, I have had the lobster bisque, the risotto (they were even willing to substitute the lobster risotto for the tomato risotto at no extra cost since I don't like tomato!), the sea bass in pinot noir reduction (twice), and the chocolate sphere which has pieces of real edible gold in it. Definitely get it with the wine pairing! The sommelier is very helpful.  Also, the bread selection is wonderful (e.g., rosemary bread, pretzel bread, bacon bread, etc), and they bring both salted and unsalted butter.Everything is very tasty, and the service is perfection!  The waiters are attentive.  When the waiter noticed that I was picking the peas out of my risotto, he came running back with a spoon to remove them all from my plate for me so that I "wouldn't have to look at them". It was really sweet, although unnecessary since it wasn't a big deal to me to have them in there. I also love the little jewelry box of truffles that they give you. When they found out that I was meeting up with a friend after dinner, they offered to give me an extra one to give her. Overall, I can't say enough good things about this place. I plan to come here every time I'm in town.
5	Best meal I've ever had. Service was incredible... Friendly and not pretentious. View of fountains was also great. Several courses and serving size is not small... Only complaint is that I ate too much.
3	For a fine dining restaurant, I thought Le Cirque was just okay.  The service was great and it did have a nice view to the Bellagio water show.The four of us ordered from the "Pre-Show" menu which I thought was decently priced.  It was a three-course meal that was just okay, in my opinion.I started with the risotto.  It was slightly on the salty side and therefore tasted a bit off-balance.  The main course was some fish dish that I thought was decent, but not the best thing I've ever had.The desserts were AH-MAZING.  Because there were four of us, they offered us four different desserts that we all shared.  The Creme Brulee was HEAVENLY and was definitely my favorite of the bunch.In addition to the four desserts, they gave us a tray of small chocolates and other delights, and as a good-bye gift, they gave each of us a tiny little gold box of chocolate truffles to enjoy later.
5	How do you say "Slap your Neighboor good" in French?My husband and I attended this restaurant the moment it opened to make sure we would arrive to our show "O" on time.  The decor is amazing, put us in the mood for the quirky french-carnival style O show later that evening.  The staff was so friendly (it had all the opportunity to be pretentious but was never for one moment, not a hint of snobbery)  the "team" of servers were amazing!I have Celiac disease, and the way they accommodated my food allergy from the first moment was so appreciated!  Every course was a delight, it's own form of joy and entertainment.  We chose the "pre-show" dinner which includes 5 courses and wine pairings and a souvenir jewelry box of truffles besides the delectable dessert AND petit fours.  Our dishes were expertly crafted, and I told our server at the end I had the greatest desire to march into the kitchen and give them all a standing ovation!  And to have window seating where we had an up close view of the famous Bellagio fountain show!Of all places we have ever eaten in Vegas on all 4 of our visits now, this was hands down the best experience. Bravo!
5	Went here 2 years ago and decided its time to post a review.  LOL.  Was intimidated at first being used to steakhouses.  Chose this place than any other restaurant at the Bellagio because the entrees in the menu sounded appetizing.  And indeed, the food was excellent!  Couple that with great service!  Atmosphere and ambience was colorful.  Would definately come here again!  Highly recommended.
4	My date took me here right before the concert.. the manager placed us at a 10'clock angle from the dancing water scene--a fabulous view from where I sitted, but the course didn't impress me much it might be the coffee that subdue my appetite. Anyhow the manager came to our table with numerous jokes was precisely attentive and defin deserves credit for that, therefore I give it a four star just for his diplomacy and effort.
5	My fiancee and I had the pleasure of eating here for my 29th birthday tonight.  I have always wanted to eat at a Michelin star restaurant, and after reading about other restaurants in Vegas on Yelp, we chose to celebrate at Le Cirque.We arrived 15 minutes early, and were quickly seated at our table overlooking the Bellagio Water Show.  The dining room was impeccably decorated with a playful circus decor.  Having already perused the menu online before traveling to Vegas, we knew what we wanted to order.  I chose the Degustation Menu (5-course), my fiancee went with the Pre Fixe (3-course), and we both had wine pairings.Our meal started with an amuse-bouche: a turnip soup for her, and an oyster for myself.  This was followed by a lobster salad, and foie gras terrine for my fiancee.  Both were amazing.  The foie gras terrine was the most beautifully plated dish of the night, accompanied with a date, fruit gelee, fig jam, and a raisin brioche.  My next dish was the sauteed foie gras atop white chocolate brioche, roasted pear, and a butterscotch caramel.  It was the most amazing dish of the night - melted in your mouth like butter, just like good foie gras should.  The wine pairing was a sweet wine that accompanied the caramel/raisin very well.  This was the first time my fiancee had foie gras, and she is definitely now a fan.My next course was sea bass with a pinot noir reduction (paired with a glass of the same pinot), and was delicious.  Our entrees came out at the same time, which was honey-glazed duck breast and duck confit for me, and the Homard Retour d'Asie for her.  The Homard was composed of Maine Lobster tail and claws, King Crab ravioli, with pureed asparagus.  Yum.A pre-desert course consisted of a raspberry gelee with pop rocks - a nice palate cleanser.  My fiancee asked for the chocolate sphere, and I was not offered a choice.  When the deserts arrived, she got a chocolate souffle instead, and I had some sort of raspberry sorbet.  We didn't feel the need to complain about the mistake, and were not disappointed with the change - the souffle was awesome.  In addition, they brought by a tray of petit fours which were also very good.The overall atmosphere was inviting, with a playful circus theme and great views of the Bellagio Fountain show.  The food was top notch and there was no surprise that the restaurant is a 5-diamond AAA and Michelin star recipient.  The food was easily some of the best food I have ever had the pleasure of consuming.  Being from Miami, we are used to pretty lousy service, so it doesn't take much to impress us in that regard. The sommelier was very knowledgable and provided us with great parings.  There was more than ample wait staff  - it looked like there were sometimes 2 or 3 per table.  The only downside of the entire AMAZING night was the minor mistake with the dessert.  I highly recommend this to anyone visiting Vegas with a sophisticated palate and a few extra dollars - well worth it!
5	I've had dinner here three times. The food is always delicious and the service is always outstanding.  Most recently I made my selections from the theatre menu and it was a great value for the money. I had the sea bass that is wrapped with potato.  The bread, you get as an appetizer, is awesome.  There are five or more choices and they're all great but my favorites are the pretzel and the bacon bread. Incredible!Enjoy!
4	Five stars for the Foie Gras dish here. Perfectly executed and generous portion, unless you're doing tasting menu, it's half the normal size. The other signature dishes, the lobster salad, the rabbit stew, and chilean seabass were not outstanding. In fact, the duck and lamb dishes outshined the signature dishes. I would do the $98 Pre-fixe dinner over the tasting menu. The main dining room is stunning, with the view of water show. Be sure to request during reservations or risk being seated outside the main dining room near the entrance. Service was good but they do not fawn over you like in finer restaurants. Overall a good value and solid French food in Las Vegas.
5	For openers, perhaps one of the finest dining experience I have ever experienced.  Too often heavily starred restaurants have let me down.  Not because of any particular failure, but because the hype was just a little too much.  Stephanie Izzard's GNG comes to mind.  Being the flagship restaurant at the Bellagio, I did expect a "wow factor" but I have been let down on The Strip before.  Vegas teems with overachievers trying to do it bigger and better than the original.  Well, bigger and brighter is not always better.  Places like Daniel, Emeril, and Per Se cannot be improved upon.  Le Cirque did not try to dazzle, rather, it just succeeded in providing an elegant, warm, and earnest dining experience.  We all had the degustation menu.  My personal favorite was the sauteed foie over white chocolate and raisin brioche garnished with candied blackberries, asian pear & caramel (definitely a must for my "death row" meal).  My least favorite was the sea bass.  It was "nice" but a bit boring next to the rest of the menu.  I added escargot to the degustation menu and they were superb.  The deserts were fabulous and generous.  During our pre-desert, we encountered a strange deja-vu -- only to learn that the sweet rhubarb and ginger ice cream had been infused with strawberry Pop Rocks!  A nice whimsy touch to an otherwise serious menu.  I cannot wait to get back to Vegas and Le Cirque.  To date, my best meal in Vegas, bar none.
5	Surprising NOT our most expensive meal in Vegas (baaaby)... but probably the best! Seared Froi Gras with White Chocolate & Raisin Brioche, Candied Blackberries, Asian Pear, Butterscotch Caramel... wake me I'm in heaven... Perfect med rare duck breast and rabbit symphony ravioli with spaetzles & riesling sauce perfect; finished with yummy crepes and souffle grand marnier... couple glasses of wine and still had enough left over for cab fare! Service was really nice, not intrusive, but just enough attention and our friends at the tables next to were fun and entertaining as well (yuh, ok, read between the lines the tables are really really close!)Ok one complaint... and maybe kinda snobby, but... when you go to a great restaurant like this and take the time to dress up and look nice and they let guys in not a whole lot more than a crummy step up from t-shirts and jeans... well... just sayin... I guess I'll mark now that this is a casual attire??? flip flops anyone...
2	First of all they sat us so close to a large party that we were practically their table centerpiece. I will give them that they quickly reseated us however I could tell that they really didn't want to give us the table I wanted after they asked where I wanted to sit. Once that was settled the experience was just ok.The food was fine. The service was fine. The staff was fine. The decor was fine. But it all felt a little faux.
5	Excellent meal and a very, very attentive staff.  We never felt rushed.  Easily the best, most relaxing dinner we've had in years.  My beef tenderloin was perfectly done, and my wife's potato-encrusted sea bass was unbelievable.
4	Love the food, service was good too. I like that they asked if we needed to be out by a certain time (catching a show) and they brought out the food accordingly. It's a little pricey but worth the experience. We ordered the tasting menu and wasn't aware of the additional cost for this one plate, it wasn't very clear from the menu. That's the only complain that we have but overall, I love the ambience and the food. :) Make a reservation and ask for sitting by the windows, wish we did that!
4	Had the filet with foire gras......i still think about it today. It's a good place for large parties and smaller romantic dates so long as you're not pinned next to them. A fan!
5	Unexpected gem.  We went for the pre-theatre menu expecting a good quick meal.  We knew it was a Michelin starred restaurant, but we recently dined at 2 3 stars, so we weren't expecting huge things.  From the moment we arrived, service was impeccable.  While we started with tap water, our neighbors asked for San Pelligrino.  While they do not have San Pelligrino (they serve another type of sparkling water), they offered to go to other restaurants to find San Pelligrino if needed.  They also recognized diners for a few months ago, which I though was very nice.Anyways, on to the food.  We did the pre-theatre menu. Our amuse bouche was a english pea soup and a croquete of something tasty but I do not recall the details. My husband had the beef tartare and I had the lobster bisque.  Both were perfect.  The beef tartare had a perfect mixture of beef and greens and they were paired perfectly with the lotus chips.  We did not even touch the accompanying toast because we did not need them.  The lobster bisque was lick-your-plate clean good.  For our main courses we had the salmon and beef tenderloin.  The salmon was good, but the beef tenderloin was the star.  It was the best piece of meat we have had in several years.  It was perfectly medium rare.  When I cut it and saw the texture I almost cried from how beautiful it was (just kidding, but I imagine a steak lover somewhere would).  My husband sat around with a goofy grin for the next half hour because he was so happy from eating it.  The dessert was so creative, BUT TASTY.  Some "fancy" restaurants make the mistake of being creative and weird tasting (I'm looking at you Le Meurice with your bee pollen dish aka assault on the tastebuds). One was a chocolate ball that came out in a beautiful globe that was promptly melted away by hot fudge to reveal vanilla ice cream and chocolate/hazelnut. As my husband put it "a giant delicious ferraro rocher."  I was presented with a coconut.  When the lid came off, I saw a sea of beautiful white foam.  It was COCONUT FOAM.  If you tasted just the foam itself, it was delicious!  But combined with the pineapple sorbet and the fruit hiding underneath... heavenly.I like food, and my husband usually just comes along to these "fancy" restaurants to appease me, but this time he was also very happy.yay for you, Le Cirque!
5	Without a doubt the very best restaurant in Las Vegas! Best bets: Salade de Homard, Foie Gras, Dover Sole Meuniere. Viva la France!
5	The seared foie gras was esquisite, my rabbit with sorrels & a light white sauce perfect. If you have eaten rabbit you know it can taste dried out but every morsel was melt in your mouth perfection. Table service was perfect. Would recommend it for a nice quiet romantic meal.
3	I have to admit I was a tad underwhelmed at Le Cirque. We chose to go there before our show for their prix-fixe pre-theater dinner. I ended up doing a different menu as I felt the pre-theater dinner was too restrictive. However, I was disappointed to see that the portions were the same as mine even though I was told they would be smaller on the pre-theater menu. I had the lobster salad which I had read raves about on here. Truthfully, I thought it was kinda 'meh'... nothing special.  I tasted my friend's lobster bisque from the pre-theater menu and thought that was much better.  I had upgraded to the beef w/fois gras and it was good, but again, nothing special even with fois gras on top --of which there was very little I might add. Even my dessert -- a young cocount with sorbet and pineapples was very lackluster. It looked kinda cool coming out in the coconut but you can't taste the coconut cuz it's hard so it's really just sorbet w/some pineapple chunks. I wouldn't recommend it. All in all I think it was an okay meal but not of the caliber I expected based on the notoriety of the NYC Le Cirque. With so many good food options in Las Vegas, I doubt I'd ever go back here.
5	The Best Place in Town for French FoodAwesome ServiceGreat FoodGreat CocktailsThe Best of the BestA must go place to eat if you live in or visit Las Vegas!
4	Amazing good, excellent wine pairing. Deserving of Michelin Guide 1 starVery cute hostess greets you at the door.
5	Excellent pasta & service
4	To dine at Le Cirque is to experience authentic French fine dining.  Located in the back of the Bellagio Casino, the atmosphere is amazingly quiet and a bit aristocratic.  The service could not be improved upon; it was truly wonderful.  As one example, a partial table-over-cloth was brought out lest there be a stain in view.  My guest was offered a black cloth napkin to better match her dress; she also received a complimentary jewelry box as a gift.The menu was fixed - you were required to order a 3 course meal which started at $98.  The food was very good; I had the lobster salad (good, not great), and the duck (again good, not great).  My guest had the beef (which cost an extra $45) which was very good.  The desserts were quite awesome, souffle was delicious, although after two courses, it was hard to find room to enjoy it.Overall, this place should be reserved for the wealthy or those celebrating a special occasion (or if you really want to impress someone).  It was very expensive, but it was a thoroughly memorable dining experience.
5	OMG, fine dining for sureeeeeee. Michelin star, AAA 5 diamond!? I didn't make the reservation, but for some reason the net was being flakly and didn't process the reservation so they didn't have us down. Tried to get on the phone and look up the confirmation, but ATT was being racist and didn't want us to have access to the web. The folks there was nice enough to let us dine at the bar, and still order right out of the menu.The tasting menu is amazing!!! It's basically 6 courses, which is about $125 a person, and well worth it!!First: Alaskan King Crab - SWEETTTTTSecond: Black Truffle Tarte - OMG i love black truffleThird: John Dory - First time, and best ever!Forth: Rabbit - Very Fresh, rich, and the european dumplings..omgPalette cleanserFifth: Dessert - Souffle is the BESTTTT Two plates of mini desserts as well and complimentary chocolates go to!The wine..OMG Riesling...hecka goodThe bread OMG..cranberry bread and bacon and onion..yum!!! and the butter is awesome..Make reservation early because they don't fill up, but they keep it intimate..
5	The dining room was elegant, but fun.  The staff was attentive, but not particularily personable.  The highlights were the Sea Bass (best I've ever had) and the Kobe beef.  I was concerned that we were going to leave hungry since the portions are so small and there were only 5 courses (we are used to 10+ courses with tasting menus), but the Kobe was SOOOOOoooooo rich that my wife and I were immediately satiated after splitting the portion of beef (we also split the lamb).  Our experience with Kobe has been "hit or miss", but this was phenomenal.  We don't expect any sort of "value" with high-end dining; but considering we dropped $1200 at Joel Robuchon 2 days prior, this seemed (relatively speaking) to be a pretty good deal!!!
5	Amzing. One of the top 5 in Vegas! maybe the US.
5	Wow wow...We had dinner after the 7:30 O show ended.  I wasn't really expecting it to be this great.  I really don't like super french over the top food, because some times, I feel like there is too much fluff and not enough substance.  However this place is fluff and full of substance.  It was late so I only ordered one thing (and I was hesitant about eating here) so I ordered:Filet de Loup De Mer, wrapped in crispy potato. Oh my God, was it good!  It was just memorable....perfect all the way around.My boyfriend ordered: The lobster salad and the lamb chop. Again, Oh my God, delicious!His cousin ordered the Roasted chicken. It was sublime.  Moist, perfectly season and cooked.  It comes with a truffle sauce, she doesn't like truffle, but she wanted to bathe herself with it after the first taste.  For dessert we ordered:Some sort of chocolate filled thing.  When it arrived at the table, we were confused as to how to eat it, (because its a ball, a large ball) then, the waiter pours a chocolate sauce on top of it, and the ball start melting rather quickly, like magic! It was incredible good.It was expensive, we spent almost $380 (including tip, if I remember correctly, it could be more) for: one glass of champagne, one salad, (lobster salad that is) and three main entrees. So this place is not suitable for penny pinches!  You will not like it, trust me.  I know you people only like food based on price, so erase this place from your mind. You'll hate it! But I think there is a pre-fix menu for less than $70 before the 7;30 show.  Don't know how good it is, but I guess, if bargains are your thing, then try it.
4	yummy food that cost us $800 for 4 people. The sommelier said he would pick out a bottle of wine for us and "be gentle," referring to the price. He gave us a great chianti bottle that was smooth and went well with our kobe steak and some of the appetizers. Very formal place and nice attentive wait staff, unlike Picasso that didn't understand what we meant by surf and turf.
3	Surreally ExpensiveLe Cirque is among the usually chic but overpriced fine dining restaurants that populate the Bellagio. The playful circus-monkeys highwire theme is wonderful but the food and service were not up to par with the decor.Pros: Design, AtmosphereCons: Food, Service
4	I came here a while ago for a birthday and this restaurant is beautiful. the food was pretty good and the decor is amazing. Can't wait to come back
5	I love anything French!!! French men, French fries, French kisses, French DJs, and most importantly... French cuisine.Le cirque is a quaint little restaurant. It's colorfully decorated with a touch of classiness and enough privacy to indulge in your companion.  I came here for my birthday and let me tell you, it was amazing from beginning to end.We were sat in a cozy little booth overlooking the whole restaurant, it was a pleasure to be able to watch the different type of people dining with us.  The dining room had just the right amount of life.  Guests talking loud enough to eliminate any awkward silence, but soft enough to have an intimate conversation with my love.  I appreciated the fact that it didn't have that piercing silence I experienced at Joel Robuchon.I started off with an espresso martini.  I was surprised at how good this was because I didn't expect much after ordering it.  It's garnished with a lemon twist and I think it really complemented the drink.  I opted for the degustation menu and he did the three coursed meal.  Every dish that came out was beautifully presented with a taste to match.  I can't remember every dish that came out but I did take note of a few worth mentioning.  The lamb was amazing!!!  So tender, cooked perfectly, and wonderfully seasoned.  The king crab gazpacho was served in such a cute little bowl made of ice and made for a perfect amuse-bouche. The sea urchin and scallop risotto was a tad bit salty for my taste, but I love risotto and loved this one too.  It was served in this cute little shell like bowl and filled with the right amount; it was a really rich dish and anymore would have been overkill.  My favorite dish of the night, the one I can eat over and over again, was the Langoustine served on top of a bed of creme fraiche, topped of with osetra caviar and gold flakes, encircled with a passionfruit gelee.  AMAZING!!!!!  I would go back to Le Cirque just for this dish alone.Service was on point.  They were extremely inviting and always made sure we were doing just fine.  I actually went to Le cirque a year ago before I dined her, just for dessert, and surprisingly they remembered me.  I thought this was really nice.  They gave us a lot of attention and it made me feel special.  I ended the night with a big raspberry macaroon topped with a candle and the words happy birthday.  It was a beautiful dinner.  Merci mon bebe. *love*
5	Le Cirque is amazing and as best as it can in every way. Food was fantastic, the interior was the most beautiful with a circus element, and it is needless to say how amazing it was to dine while looking out the Bellagio fountain. The service was top class and the waiters were very attentive, working closely to cater to the needs of the diners. Before I go further on to describe more about the restaurant and my experience, I must say that I was quite impressed with one thing. To keep the story simple, I went to Le Cirque with a group of people and some members do not drink and have never drank wine before, and were demanding for fruity non-alcoholic drinks, which is just about the most embarrassing thing that one can do in a fine dining restaurant particularly French. And most importantly, we were generally quite underdressed, which undoubtedly gave off the impression that we were some locals from California that visited Vegas for the first time. For an upscale French restaurant, this could tilt the waiters to act with more contempt, and one cannot reason why this is happening. To my surprise, and different from my previous experiences in situations like this in a fine dining restaurant, the waiters, including the manager, were totally unpretentious and treated us with great attentiveness. This may not sound like nothing much to anyone else, but this contributed quite largely to my pleasant experience at Le Cirque.I disagree with many people who mentioned that Le Cirque was surreally, or extremely expensive. If you are in Vegas, most places are extremely overpriced with less than decent food. You are expected to pay more anywhere you go unless you go to fast food restaurants. I would like to say that Le Cirque is not overly priced for what it offers. Given that they serve top class French course meal, with the Bellagio fountain view, and an interior that is arguably the most romantic in Las Vegas, I believe that people are getting just about what they are paying for. Don't forget that this is Vegas, people. The restaurant itself is quite small, the ambience of the restaurant is warm and intimate. The degustation course that we had was phenomenal and every course was an excitement, a reason to live and die for, and titillating (not a good choice of word here) to the taste buds. I went with the Le Cirque Lobster salad, sauteed Foie Gras with white chocolate & raison brioche, paupiette of Loup de Mer (a sea bass interpreted differently), and Wagyu Kobe beef tenderloin, finished off with Creme Brulee Le Cirque. As you can see in the pictures, they are quite amazing, not only in presentation, but how tasteful and memorable each dish was. Even the plates, utensils were beautiful, making it more pleasing to the eyes. I must say that what amazed me the most was their selection of desserts. Every single one of them is fantastic. Our table ordered every single one, and shared all of them. I'm not gonna lie, it was a party. I am glad that I had a chance to go to Le Cirque and if I go back to Vegas with my beloved one, I would love to go again. Please be sure to make reservations before you make the trip though. It would be very sad if I had your hopes up and then you found out the restaurant was fully booked week after another.
5	My wife and I did Vegas for Christmas last year for the first time. We booked a nice dinner for Christmas day, but decided to wing it on Christmas Eve. As the dinner hour arrived, we wandered over to the Bellagio to check on a couple of options. Our first few choices were booked for the evening, but Le Cirque had a table for two for immediate seating.We had been to Le Cirque two years earlier for my wife's birthday, and it is by far one of the best meals that we have ever had. She is not afraid to announce Le Cirque as her favorite restaurant. We were elated to be seated at the same table and to be served by the same server as we had during our last visit. Le Cirque is a fairly intimate setting without feeling crowded or stuffy. The service is timely, but not pushy. The Christmas Eve menu was simple, you could choose from one of two tastings: the Chirstmas tasting, or the Christmas Truffle tasting. Since this was an "unplanned" dinner we chose to stick closer to our budget and have the $155.00 standard Christmas tasting as opposed to the $255.00 truffle menu.I decided against a wine pairing, but had Michael (our server) choose a nice glass of Pinot that arrived for our main course. Everything was sensational. Le Cirque knows how to deliver the complete package. It still ranks at the top of our dining experiences. We will be back.
5	Great food wine and ambiance. We had a great time and experience. Will definitely return
5	We had a stellar meal at this classic restaurant.  Both of us had the tasting menu which was amazing especially the wild mushroom and white truffle risotto...very generous shavings of truffle.  If this restaurant doesn't make you feel romantic, nothing will! Impeccable service and wonderful french food.... It rates as one of the more memorable meals of my lifetime and that's saying a lot from a die hard foodie.
4	Spent 600 for two and I left this place with little disappointment.(Don't think it's enough for me) Of course the food is very tasty and one of the best meals in Vegas.The view definitely worth something! I will suggest this place for couples. Sweet and Romantic (with the view and lights).
5	Le $$$$$$$Beautiful small venue with a top notch view of the water show and impeccable service. Superb French cuisine and a must have is the truffled risotto...holyyyy a last meal request & if not it will be after you get the bill at the end. And I'm glad I wasn't aware of the miniature dessert tray they bring "gratis" at the end or I would have never indulged in the unbelievable desserts like the chocolate egg that opens up with the hot chocolate poured over the top (amazing presentation) or the frozen bowl of ice with strawberries and cream! I felt like royalty there!My only disappointment is there was no miniature monkey swinging from the ceiling walking a tight rope or on the trapeze.
5	You'd need to be pretty baller to dine here regularly but if you're anything like me (not saying I'm not baller or anything.....) you could just get away with being ridiculously lucky. I was incredibly fortunate to be invited by some friends to go on a Vegas vacation for a couple days and on our first night, we were treated like spoiled princes and princesses at Le Cirque. The restaurant is very high class with such an authentic Parisian atmosphere. I've traveled to Paris twice and I can quite honestly say that this little restaurant tucked away in the busy Bellagio casino lives up to its international competition. I was completely blown away by their menu. Our party ordered four different appetizers our waiter so knowledgeably recommended. You can't go to a French restaurant and not order the escargot. And their lobster risotto was just mouth-watering delicious (this was just the appetizer!) Let's not forget the yellowtail hamachi and scallops.....dude this place was unreal. For entrees, we each ordered something different (our party of 10). I ordered the duck and my GOODNESS I was floored by how tender and flavorful it was. There was a breaded and fried grape (singular) on the side as well. You could probably imagine my surprise when I cut this little fried ball in half to discover a green and sweet center. Seriously, what a delight. I also tried my friend's kobe beef. I LOVE kobe beef and this place just upped it to a whole new level of love. Dessert. My kryptonite. I shared a chocolate sphere with a friend. If you're ever as lucky as me, I highly HIGHLY recommend the chocolate sphere. The description of the dessert described this as "hazelnut ice cream with caramel nougat enveloped in a chocolate shell". Okay yeah, sounds good. But it's very deceiving because when our waiter served the dessert, he made a little joke asking us "do you like the sphere?" (it literally came as a chocolate sphere the size of a large fist). Then he proceeds to tell us, "yeah you like it? well I'm going to destroy it". I honestly got a little sad when he said this but THEN he pours hot melted chocolate on top of our sphere and the whole chocolate sphere begins to melt all around, revealing the hazelnut ice cream in the center. The effect was never-before-seen. And plus, each girl received a small chocolate box. Like seriously, this place was unbelievably delicious and it was one of the most surreal experiences I've ever been apart of. I owe it all to my friends who made it possible. I apologize for pulling a Tim Lam (he writes the longest reviews) but this place deserves high praise. In all honesty, this was the best dinners I've ever had at a restaurant (I emphasize "restaurant" because my mom cooks like a culinary goddess) and it wasn't even because I had two martinis plus champagne :] Treat yourself the next time you visit Las Vegas. This place is unforgettable.
5	No need to write more than what others have posted. Tom is a great server and we enjoyed our dinner. We will be back...top notch service and food. This is Vegas at its best.
5	Located towards the back wall of the Bellagio casino floor, far from the Conservatory and opposite the "O" theater, you'd never notice this gem just by walking the main pathways through the Bellagio.  But you'd be remiss to not seek it out for some perfectly prepared classic French cuisine.  The dining room is beautiful, and the colorful tented ceiling paired with the soft lighting makes for a very romantic and cozy setting.  The staff and kitchen are friendly, helpful, and very accommodating.  They begin by offering you a choice of black or white napkin, which is always a good sign.  They had a 3-course option and a 5-course option on the menu, but gladly allowed us to create our own 4-course meal.  One friend asked for a custom cocktail with a strange combination involving Chartreuse, and they kindly obliged with a "Table 90 Special" cocktail that he very much enjoyed.  Clearly, they were used to accommodating special requests.The food was excellent.  We had lobster risotto, hamachi crudo, seared foie gras, duck 2-ways, sole muniere, and a variety of desserts.  All very classic preparations, so nothing new or unique, but all done perfectly.
3	I understand that this place is "up there" in regards to the reviews from my fellow yelpers.. but seriously... LV has so much more to offer. Ambiance: Beautiful restaurant but they sure back you in.Service: Wait staff were amazing. Did their job and explained every dish carefully and were attentive. Although the hostess was an idiot and made us walk back and forth between two restaurants because she was clueless. Maybe that just set the tone for the rest of my dinner... Food: This is where it got dodgy. The salad was fresh but the scallop smelled "fishy" and that was utterly disappointing. The foie grae was mushy and was presented "flat" when it was presented. That was a first. The risotto was tasty with the truffles... very generous portions. Venison was solid... so there were some hits and misses... but I expect more from a restaurant where the seating costs over $125 per person. Price: This place is pretty damn expensive and I'm not really sure it was worth it. Overall, it was decent but I have had better dining experiences in LV.
4	Food was great! They did a great job with catering a vegan dinner. Service was perfect! The atmosphere is a bit small and close together.
5	I've been to a lot of restaurants... and I would have to say that this is one of the best meal I've ever had in my life!Next to Umi in Pittsburgh (yes, pittsburgh) and the Four Seasons in Florence, I'd have to say that even with being incredibly tired from the 3 all nighters (yes, the bf and i are huge BJ fanatics) we still were  able to appreciate the decadence of this place.I got the foie gras to start and the lobster with the king crab ravioli. Holy crap. The foie gras was melt in your mouth and was perfectly paired with some tartness so the flavor was amazing (and i didn't get overwhelmed by all that fat!)The lobster meat was the most delicate lobster meat i have ever had. Tender and perfectly cooked, it paired wonderously with the delicious raviolis. The texture of the ravioli pasta was indescribable... I went here 2 years ago and I still remember the experience!!! Now that's what I call a memorable experience!A must-go.
3	for a 1 michelin star place, i thought this place would have more to offer. And for vegas standards? this is not at the top of my list.Service was yes fantastic, my water was never empty, people always asking how my food was, almost to the point it was annoying, but, i'd rather have it then to not have people asking me how my experience is. Food? For a 1 michelin star place this food was forgettable. I mean nothing really comes to WOW me, the risotto was good but not the best that i had, the scallops were alright but i live in the Bay Area, nothing special. Foie Grae? I've had it all. So nothing that really wowed me. And Kobe beef? No sir this was not kobe beef and if it was it was trash... I've had kobe beef in Kobe, Tokyo, and elsewhere and this was no better or even close or up to par with Kobe beef. that was an extra $35 i think... Dessert? Ahhhh this is where they were saved, the creativity of the pastry/dessert Chef is only rivaled by on that i've been to based on creativity and taste that is Atelier Crenn in SF. Wowed and it tasted really good. Price? Expensive. But thats already known, i just wish that i got more for what we paid. Overall? Let's say i'd rather have eaten at Picasso for a 3rd time then to eat here for a first (for the $$ spent). But now that i've said i tried it, unless i hear they changed something about it, i don't need to come back. Unless i'm invited to come back and try. So i offer Le Cirque a challenge, come back and show me why your 1 michelin, And change my mind for me.Tip for "O" watchers: The gf almost missed her show because they were running a bit slow. If they say 8PM is alright for the tasting menu to go to the 10PM show? Try making reservations for 7:20. Stars? 2.5/5 i'll round up.
5	My friends and I came here for a big bachelorette party dinner and we were not disappointed.  The experience was wonderful and the service was absolutely amazing.  Our server, Martin, was magnificent and gave incredible food recommendations when asked - no one who listened to him was disappointed!All of the food was SPECTACTULAR.  It's actually been quite some time since we were there, but to this day I remember how much I loved this place (I even still remember the name of our waiter because I kept meaning to post a review!). The foie gras ROCKS. It's probably the most delicious things I have ever eaten.  Definitely try it!
3	***Le Cirque's lobster risotto was excellent and the prices were not completely unreasonable given that it was Vegas; still, the old-fashioned style (while pleasant enough) will probably keep me from returning***Le Cirque is a very small fine dining spot located in The Bellagio.  The atmosphere is circus-like with a multicolored tent ceiling and many nice circus murals throughout the room.  The circus decor is even evident in the striped chairs.Le Cirque is a French restaurant (that had a Michelin Star when they still did Michelin Stars in Las Vegas) and the menu features two options--a tasting menu or a 3 course menu where you pick a starter, an entree and a dessert.They started us off with a few complimentary items like some okay French bread and a good butternut squash soup that was finished with cream.We elected for the 3 course pre fixe and I started with the lobster risotto.  The lobster risotto was good.  I felt the rice was a little overcooked (I think it needed a little more bite), but the flavor of the dish was good and it was nice and creamy.  The lobster was very soft and fresh.I would not put Le Cirque's lobster risotto up there with Sona's offering because the lobster at Sona was a higher quality and Sona utilized bigger chunks of lobster, which resulted in a more memorable experience.  Still, the lobster risotto at Le Cirque was very good.I then had the duck for my entree.  The plate included some nicely cooked duck breast that was moist and tender.  While the duck was good, the sides were just okay.  The sides included some pommes souffle, a cassis reduction (which had solidified), some roasted chestnuts, and fried grapes.  The plate could have used some vibrance.  While the duck was good, the plate felt a little old-fashioned.The entree also came with a little container of duck confit in kind of a stew.  This was savory, sweet and very good.For dessert, I had the chocolate souffle, which came with some vanilla ice cream and a creme anglais.  The chocolate souffle had a good chocolate flavor though it was not prepared appropriately.  It was a tad dry.  While I am not a fan of the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, their chocolate souffle is better than the one at Le Cirque.I also had a banana ice cream on the side and it was decent--nice and creamy but maybe a tad too soft.The meal ended with some good petit fours including chocolates and macarons.Service was good, but it was not as polished as service I have had at other fine dining spots in Vegas.  The food still came out at a quick pace and the staff was pleasant.Prices were high, but it was probably not much more expensive than the nearby Eiffel Tower Restaurant and Le Cirque is significantly better.There were parts of Le Cirque that I liked very much (such as the lobster risotto and the little stew of duck confit), but I did not end up loving the restaurant.  There were some good things about it and in some ways Le Cirque succeeds where so many overpriced Vegas restaurants fail.  Still, the food felt a little old-fashioned.  And even though I did like Le Cirque more than some other old-fashioned fine dining spots I've tried (like LA's Valentino), I still did not like it enough to want to return.The Bellagio features complimentary valet and self parking.
5	Le Cirque is a themed restaurant inside of the Bellagio hotel in Las Vegas, the decor is inventive and fun with a mix of circus and modern furnishings. The food 5 star quality, I would highly suggest their truffle pasta, it was literally a masterpiece in it's simplicity. Plain pasta with the slightest hint of oil, covered in thick generous shavings of truffles. $70? Bargain for this kind of culinary delight!The best thing about this restaurant though? You can literally watch the Bellagio's famous fountain show from your seat while enjoying your meal.The hungry kitten's tip? Make sure you get a reservation, even on a Thursday night we had trouble. They said they had no tables available, so my partner checked on open table and was able to get a reservation, we walked back in and they actually seated us. Never hurts to try!
3	The top-notch service at Le Cirque matched the price of the dinner.  Sadly, the food did not.  The lobster appetizer with truffles was just okay.  It sounded great but the flavors just didn't gel.  Perhaps it's because it was served too cold.  I had the rabbit for my main course and my husband had the duck.  The rabbit dish was very creative and delicious.  The duck was pretty good.  The best course, by far, was the dessert.   Overall, however, the food was forgettable.  For the price, it just wasn't worth it.
1	this was absolutely the worse fine dining experience i've ever had (and as our host had pointed out, i would know, i'm from SF). not merely because the food wasn't that great, but because the restaurant botched my experience altogether.i made reservations for a party of 2 on a thursday night for my bf's birthday celebration. i called again the day of to make sure they had that the restaurant knew we were celebrating a birthday and to sit us by the window so we can have a view of the water show. during our dinner, the waiter/servers/host (a group of what? 5-6 people altogether) completely forgot the fact that it was bf's birthday. fine, ignore my request to sit by the window even though a table was readily available and given to the party of two after us, ok...be oblivious to the fact were celebrating his birthday...including no "happy birthday" writing on the dessert, but to hand him the check at the end and thank us for coming...well that was pretty much all i could take. i pretty much burst into tears on the spot. i don't know how many fanciful restaurant can pride themselves on ruining a perfectly good evening and making a girl cry because of their crappy service, but this one is definitely a winner for ruining a once in life time birthday. after all, how many times do you turn 28? (the answer is once).oh, we had the 5-course menu. it's not worth the $400 (including 2 glasses of wine and an additional appetizer) i paid since the food was mediocre and unexciting (langostine was overcooked, sea urchin odd flavor combo, fish entress were not good- turbot was dry and fishy/ sea bass was okay, did not give us an option between cheese and sorbet, duck was soggy and plain, wagyu was tough and flavorless, choc soufflee had an odd texture (too much egg white?) and strange watery liquid on the bottom). my unbias opinion about the food is that you should take the $400 and go to Joel Rubuchon or L'Atelier instead if you're looking for french. but in the name of a complete rip off, just avoid this place altogether.yes, the waiter/servers did try to make it up in the end, after i paid the bill, burst into tears, and told them you completely forgot it's my bf's bday. they came out with a plate of 5 bite sized desserts with the words "happy birthday" written on it and offered my bf a treasure chest box that are usually given to the girls. yay. that made it all up. and on the way out, when i asked the hostess what happened? she told me yes, she absolutely got the note and had mentioned it...she had no clue how they missed it. even more reassuring.
2	Eh...I wasn't impressed.  The sommelier was the only highlight to the night, he was hilarious and picked some good wines on the pairings.The food lacked kick, there was no wow factor to any of the dishes.  Sure the presentation was nice and the flavors worked well but they were all kinda bummers in taste.The main dining area is a tent...with monkeys and clowns drawn on the wall...Not my idea of classy.  I get the name and the theme but it was tacky.
4	My wife and I had a very enjoyable Valentine's evening dinner.  We chose this place based on the reviews and the fact we hadn't dined at Bellagio in quite a while.  With so many great eats popping up everywhere on the strip, you almost take for granted such great resorts like this.I made the reservation about a month beforehand and only had a choice of 5:45 or earlier or 8pm on.  8pm it was.  The really cool decor is what strikes you upon entering along with a single rose given to the wife.  It's classy and cool with some bright colors thrown in.  We didn't get to have a cocktail at the bar as we were seated within seconds of looking at the drink menu.  Service was impeccable and the 5 course dinner was unique and delicious.  The standout dishes included the Santa Barbara sea urchin with king crab.  My wife doesn't even like urchin and she finished it pretty quick.  Foie gras was awesome as expected.  I took a shot on the "Ris de Veau" which I had never had before.  It's essentially veal guts that may or may not have contained the throat, pancreas, heart, belly etc.  I think the majority of it was stomach.  It was interesting to say the least, almost tasted like high-end cow brain.  Glad I tried it but I would go with my wife's terrific beef dish if I could do it again.  I finished it like a good boy :)The desserts were very cool.  I'd never seen anything like the chocolate cigar with passion fruit sorbet which came in it's own ashtray.  I posted a pic of it.  My wife went with the sugar sphere with yuzu and raspberry.  That came in a clear hardshell sugar ball filled with the fruit inside.  You simply had to tap the top of the ball for it to crack and enjoy.  They also brought out some extra bite sized sweets and presented my wife with some extra chocolates as we were leaving.  So why 4 stars?  I've had better dining experiences in Vegas.  Not just around town but at Bellagio itself.  I would rather do Picasso for the price.  And while the decor was nice, the tables were a bit cramped which didn't make Le Cirque as romantic as it could be.  You were able to listen to everyone else's conversations at all the tables nearby.  One couple two tables down kept going on and on about their kids and how they own 3 doughnut shops in Canada to some couple just trying to enjoy their own company.  Maybe it's just me.
5	Le Cirque is one of the best places in Vegas for a fine French meal.  This is my second dining experience here and t was just as fantastic.  Carl took fantastic care of us along with the rest of the staff.  I ordered the Digestion prix fixe menue with the wine pairing as I did last time.  Expensive, yes, but compared to comparable meals in Vegas for the same money it is still the best bargain for the number of courses and quality of food. In a nutshell, this is the best fine French meal you will find in Vegas for the money.  You can find several more places in Vegas to spend more (much more!) and maybe they will be better meals and experiences, but as far as I"m concerned, I'm VERY happy with Le Cirque and will return.  I think you will be too.Ask for Carl.  He will take great care of you and his personality is great.Enjoy.
5	My finest dining experience. The beauty and of Le Cirque's interior will take you on a magic carpet ride away from the stresses and problems that exist on the exterior of our complicated world. The decor is only the beginning of this extraordinary experience, as the beautiful plate ware and glassware play their part in this superb performance de cuisine. You'll quickly notice the beauty is not only on the walls (and the ceiling), the food in front of you is a gorgeous work of art. It's been a while since my lady and I dined here, but I remember we were simply taken into a whole new world. Aromas, textures, colors, memories, and emotions explode from every dish. We had an unforgettable experience at Le Cirque. A large part of this had to do with our server, a charming young man who truly understands his trade. He complemented the both of us immediately on our appearance, very thoughtful. He was perfect at answering any questions we had, providing recommendations when we asked about aperitifs and menu inquiries, and he knew how to treat people of our age (early 20's *at the time*) in this environment. We've been offended a couple times by pompous and ungrateful attitudes from career servers at high-end establishments. I feel obligated to mention, we're not a complicated pair (with our food that is!) and we don't order light. Our server, clearly understood this. He was entertaining, humorous, and respectful/appreciative/professional in relation to our total experience. He really made the evening splendid for the both of us. He even gave my girlfriend a Le Cirque purse holder, probably standard, but very cool never the less. Allow yourself to be taken away by visiting Le Cirque during your stay in Sin City.
5	I don't know where to start!!! I originally planned to get a reservation at Picasso, but they didn't have any open slots left for Friday night, so that's how we ended up at Le Cirque. I like the whole circus concept of the restaurant - classy and unique. This was my first fine-dining experience - decided to do it for my 21st birthday and left feeling very satisfied.3 of us decided to go for the Degustation (tasting) menu for $135 and the other 2 ordered a la carte for $98. Oh! I learnt something new - the waiter asked if I would like a black napkin, I just went along with him and said yes but then thought, why do I get a black napkin?Maybe it's because I'm special? since he didn't offer the others black napkins, but then I googled it and realized it was because I wore a black dress and white napkins could leave lint residue on my dress. haha okay back to the food.We ordered quite a variety of dishes, so I got to try a lot that night. Everything was delicieux, so here are some of my favorites:- endive and scallop salad - the scallop was so perfectly cooked and sweet- truffle risotto (extra $40 - it's worth it): didn't know what truffle really tastes like, so I decided to get it and it was very creamy, earthy and truffle-y (don't know how else to describe it)- if you don't want to spend the extra $40 but want something that's worth that extra $40, get the Santa Barbara Sea Urchin - it's to die for. Warm and mixed with king crab and lemongrass - Mediterranean sea bass - after having eaten the creamy risotto, I decided to go for something lighter and I'm glad I went with our server's recommendation (the Pinot Noir sauce is to die for - I'd take a shot of it over grey goose any day)- honey glazed duck - tres tres bien- got the cheese instead of the pre-dessert sorbet: they carved the cheese into a flower and served it with breadWe each ordered their raspberry champagne to go with the food - champagne was light and you can't really taste the alcohol - perfect for someone like me who isn't a fan of any types of alcohol.The best part for me was the dessert. It was amazing - creativity level 8- petite boule de chocolat: it's a pretty big ball of chocolate, on which they pour hot chocolate. Once the chocolate sphere melts, you'll find praline, white chocolate ice cream and hazelnut caramel crunch insideIf you love chocolate, this is what you should order - I think I died for a bit watching the chocolate sphere melt.You know how they say it's the company, not the food that makes a dining experience great? I think this is a place where you can go eat alone and still have a great time. Our main server is very amicable and il est francais - got to practice a bit of my french haha At the end of our meal, the server brought us a plate of petite desserts and the ladies get a small box of chocolates. What a perfect start to a great night!
5	I have to say I love the plating at the restaurant. Food is great as well.
4	Hands down the fanciest restaurant I've ever been to.  The quality and freshness of the food is amazing and the service can't be beat.  My favorite dish here is the sea urchin risotto (I've never had anything like it and it's probably one of my favorite dishes of all time).  Do not order it al dente/ask them to cook it a little longer if you're not a fan of pasta on the harder side.  The desserts are delicious (I tried the creme brulee) and they even give the ladies a box of 2 chocolates at the end and some sampler treats.  The bartender was awesome.  Although there was a limited specialty cocktail menu, he went to the kitchen to find fruits to make me a mango mojito which tasted amazing (I saw him taste-test it himself before serving it to me).  The rest of the staff were very knowledgeable (the head waiter told us he spoke 5 languages fluently) and the ambiance is romantic/classy.  The only reason I could not give Le Cirque 5 stars is because of the very high price ($250/couple) and wait time (we had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated although we had reservations and there were not that many tables filled... I have a feeling they waited for us to order drinks at the bar before seating us...)
5	The escargot ... THE best I've ever had!
3	I learned a valuable life lesson in my recent trip to Le Cirque - when venturing into the category of restaurants that go over $100 per person before wine, the return to the dollar diminishes greatly the more you go over that $100.Don't get me wrong, the food was spectacular, the atmosphere exquisite. The service? Well, we'll get to that. My husband and I went to Le Cirque for a blow-out meal on our honeymoon. I guess the first sign we were in over our heads was when the maitre'd replaced my white napkin with a black one in order not get get white lint on my black dress. Nice touch, that. My husband started looking at the menu, while I looked at the wine list. To my horror, there was not a single wine by the glass for less than $20. I did not see a bottle for less than $65. This, by the way, was also a bottle of wine I purchase regularly at my podunk backwater town's liquor store for about $18 a bottle. I get that wine gets marked up in restaurants, but come on Le Cirque. Because it was a special occasion, we decided to go with the tasting menu. The first two courses were dynamite. One was an sea urchin with sea urchin foam on lemongrass gelee that I am still dreaming of. The next was a very lovely foie gras with rhubarb that sent shudders of pleasure down my spine. These were the last courses that I really felt were worth what we were paying. The following fish and main courses were excellent, truly, and executed to perfection, but they were nothing I could not have accomplished in my own kitchen with enough time and money. (I am, I will concede, a trained chef.) We enjoyed them, and the presentations were lovely (a checkerboard of carrot and spring onion atop a piece of sea bass particularly springs to mind), but I have had more creative menus at far lesser restaurants. Things got bumpy with the service when they skipped the cheese portion of our tasting menu and went straight to dessert. Once we realized they had forgotten an entire portion of our meal, we had already been served a (decadent and delicious) chocolate souffle and creme brulee. I politely told a waiter (not ours, we hadn't seen our waiter in quite some time) that a course had been skipped, and he did not believe me. My husband had to convince him that, yes, we had indeed ordered the tasting menu and, yes, a course had been skipped.Now, normally, I would not have made much of a fuss about this. I am a reasonable person, I know how difficult the restaurant industry is, and let's face it, we were pretty stuffed already. However, when I am paying $135 per person _just for the food_ I don't think I am unreasonable in expecting almost perfection. After much hemming and hawing, trying to bring out the cheese after dessert (YUCK!), trying to give us the cheese to go (um, we're staying in a hotel room with no fridge and we're going to a show after this), trying to bring out those little red boxes they bring to everyone like it's something special (sorry, I know we look like hicks, but we're actually pretty sophisticated and won't be fooled that easily), the waiter brought out the maitre 'd who was one of the toughest-looking customers I have ever seen in my entire life. No wonder the waiter didn't want to tell him what had happened - he was probably afraid of him! After more wrangling and finagling, my husband agreed to a $50 comp to the bill - the cost of our two glasses of wine. I gave Le Cirque three stars for this. I remember an old review Ruth Reichl wrote of the original Le Cirque in New York where she went to the restaurant twice - once as herself and once as a "regular Jane" off the street. Needless to say, her experiences were vastly different. I feel, had my husband and I appeared more moneyed or been someone famous, our treatment would have been entirely different. I am glad I had this experience. I learned a lot about myself and a lot about a level of establishment I had long coveted. I won't be back.
4	I had a lot of recommendations for Le Cirque when I told my friends I was planning a trip to Vegas.  I loved the circus tent feel of the dinning room, and the soft lighting.  The service was impecable from the moment we arrived until the moment that we left.  Mark and Carl were our waiters and they were exceptional.  The food was delicious as well, I had the lobster and avocado salad and the sea bass.  Both were cooked to perfection.  For dessert, I had the chocolate sphere... It was delicious! The only reason why I won't give it 5 stars is that the tables that actually face the Bellagio fountain are very limited and all the other tables are very close together.  The party next to us commented on all our choices and practically joined us for dinner.  They were very friendly and we didn't mind the company, but if you're planning a romantic dinner for two looking at the fountains, make sure to specify that on the reservation.
1	First - the food is wonderful.  BUT I had a terrible experience at the restaurant that is unforgiveable.  I was with my mother (86) my aunt (79) and 2 additional friends. I booked our reservation weeks in advance and informed them that we would be attending Cirque de Soleil in the same hotel.   We were seated at 8:20 for our 8pm reservation and then ordered after 8:30.  I informed all the staff (so many come to the table) that we needed to leave by 9:45pm.  They couldn't have cared less!  it isn't my job to know how slow their service is!  I thought that excellent service was one of the benefits of an expensive restaurant. I guess not.   At 9:40, the waiter suggested we order souffle for dessert because it only takes 15 minutes to make it and we would have plenty of time.  What an ASS. By the time we got out of there, we barely made the show and were seated at the very last possible moment.  Le Cirque ruined my dinner and almost my entire evening.  Unless they apologize to me, I would never ever go back.
1	HORRIBLE Service and food!!! I would NOT recommend this restaurant! In fact, I would tell you to make reservations at many other fine dining establishments in Las Vegas. Ivo Angelov, the General Manager should be fired for the way he treats his customers. I am from San Francisco and enjoy fine dining and would definitely rate this as the worst experience I've encountered. On top of that, many in our party got sick from the horrible food and ruined our trip! STAY AWAY from Le Cirque in Las Vegas!
1	After losing our reservation the General Manager, Ivo Angelov, was arrogant and rude to my party treating us like we were liars or riff raff!I have never experienced such horrible treatment in a fine dining establishment! He didn't even try to help us or apologize for their error!Unbelievable! There are many outstanding restaurants on the strip... Stay away from Le Cirque!!!
4	We had the 3 course menu at Le Cirque and it was a great meal.  We started with the foie gras and added an extra appetizer because we could not resist the escargot.  Our dinner started with a pea soup with a bacon madeline and savory meringue.  The foie was perfect with the rhubarb compote.  I had the canard for dinner and it would've been perfect of the skin was seared a little bit more,  For dessert, we both had chocolate souffles.  The souffles must've had some water spill into the ramekins because there was water at the bottom of our bowls.  The souffles tasted yummy.  As a gift, ladies are provided with a box of truffles.  The service at Le Cirque was excellent.
3	Foie Gras (5 stars) - this was the best thing by far.  Absolutely wonderful taste and just melted in your mouth.  I savored every morsel which tasted like pure heaven.  I tried some of the other appetizers like the Lobster Salad and Escargots and they were disappointing.  The lobster was flavorless and the escargots was average at best.The Australian Kobe (3 stars) - A tasty dish but I was expecting it to be a little more fatty and tender.  The Chocolate Sphere (4 stars) - This along with the Chocolate Souffle were delightful.Service (1 star) - Our waiter was slow and became argumentative and defensive when we noted that he was not paying attention to our table.  My wine and water glasses were always empty and it was not a particularly busy night.
2	I concur and had almost the same experience as Anthony N. but did not feel the lobster was very good (the sauce is sooo rich you do not know what you are eating underneath it) and the service was marginal, espcially for the rating the restaurant has.  I had to ask twice for water refill and once for bread refill.  When the waiters come by the table and see an empyt glass of water (we had multiple bottles of wine on the table so maybe they thought that is all I drink?) FILL IT.  Now I feel like lowering to a single star as they should know better.
5	I left feeling like the meal, service and ambiance was worth every penny. The staff were all very nice and not snobby. At first I was worried about portion size but the whole meal filled me up pretty well. I love the menu - it just seems less restrictive than other places because they allow you to pick any one appetizer, one entree and dessert from the entire menu.
4	Ok, so this was date night, extraordinaire.  I didn't even take a peek at the menu.  All was ordered for me.  Much to my delight.  The foie gras was to die for.  The fresh pea soup with a hint of mint and a little island of baked meringue *thingie* in the middle was delightful and refreshing between courses.  The sea bass was yummy.  So why four stars and not five?  I thought they could do better on the wine.  And this may be more MY issue than it is theirs but if the man is not ordering wine for himself and it is left up to me to "try it" and decide whether it is good or not.......I was uncomfortable saying that it wasn't.  Lastly.......I tried to be dainty.....I really did.  I gently demurred on the matter of dessert...but it was ordered for me anyway.  Creme brulee.  A classic.  Placed right in front of me.....there was not one bit of  will in me left to protest.  Perhaps that is what Mr. Date planned all along.  :)
5	Had dinner here with a group from work while we were at the Bellagio for a tradeshow. I didn't realize what an expensive restaurant this was when I suggested it for our group. When we sat down and I saw that the menu had no prices I got a little bit nervous. Glad I wasn't paying...The food was amazing and the service was great as well. The restaurant was pretty quiet which was nice for our group and allowed us to chat with our customers over dinner. If money is no object, you should check this place out next time you're at the Bellagio!
5	Wonderful experience here with my husband tonight. The service was friendly and attentive and the food was excellent. I had the hamachi, which had a complex combination of light, fresh flavors, followed by the red snapper, probably the best fish I've ever had. The snapper was paired with perfectly cooked vegetables and served with a slightly nutty sauce. My husband got the beef tartar and then the filet, which were both wonderfully flavorful, although less experimental than the fish dishes. The two desserts, the chocolate souffle and a raspberry dish, were both delicious. We had told the server that we were newlyweds, and the desserts came with "congratulations!" written in chocolate and four small complimentary tarts -- adorable! The playful old-fashioned circus decor was a nice touch, too. We may have to return for an anniversary!
5	I took my mom here as a treat for both of us and a treat it was! We had the chef's selection and we each had different dishes for every course, which means we got to try most of the menu. Everything was amazing! Like others have said, the foie grass is to die for, I would go back just for another taste of that. I loved the pea soup as well and the deserts were delicious. The service was also amazing. I was worried we would feel out of place, as we don't usually frequent upscale restaurants, but I could not have felt more comfortable and at ease. The waiter and table staff somehow found the perfect balance between always being there when we needed them but not making us feel like someone is constantly looking over our shoulder.Lastly, I walked in knowing I would have buyer's remorse the next day (I had never payed $360 for dinner for 2 before - tip included). But everything was so good it felt totally worth it. I am going back in August, though for a smaller menu ;)Definitely a must try!
5	It's worth the price tag! Yummy treats that leave your taste buds wanting more. The service is excellent!
5	Once upon a time when hubby and I were dating, we use to dine here whenever we were in town. We would always get the 6 course tasting menu. Every dish is spot on and beautifully presented. The service here is also top notch, and a lot better than some of the other fine dining places we've been to.The most memorable for me was always the foie gras, lobster salad, white truffle risotto (depending on season because they sometimes don't have white truffles), and the bass wrapped in crispy potato.Dinner here isn't cheap, but isn't terribly expensive either for the delicious food and impeccable service.
2	We had dinner at Le Cirque last night, and let's start off by saying that the food was terrific. The service, well, that's a completely different story.  To recount everything that went wrong would go on too long for anyone to bother to read.  It started out with the two of us being seated squeezed between two tables such that I was bumped into a half dozen times by servers for the next table.  We assumed that there was good reason for this initially, but after a while it was clear there was no good reason why they couldn't have seated us somewhere else.  Then, no one came to even ask if we wanted something to drink before asking for our orders.We were looking forward to a nice meal, and we both decided to have the degustation menu with wine pairings.  Without running through all six courses, there was at least one significant problem with each course: I was brought the wrong dish for one, my wife was brought the wrong wine for another, etc.  And they could never seem to get the timing of the wine down, with respect to the food.  We went from getting the wine for one course 20 minutes before the food arrived to getting the food before the wine got there at all for the next.  Even when they began to sense that we were getting irritated, it seemed that they were too hopelessly disorganized to be able to get to correct the situation.It would be nice to able to experience the food at Le Cirque under better circumstances, but I can't imagine going back there any time soon, and I certainly could not recommend it to anyone else.Addendum:  To their credit, the GM of Le Cirque contacted me to apologize for the bad experience and asked for the opportunity to make it up to us.  No telling when we will be back in Vegas, though.
4	Talk about fine dining. This place takes the cake. The food is quite expensive. But none of that matters when your turning the big "30" does it? Me and my date started off with a few martinis. I didn't see beer on the menu. So why not. They waiter brought us over a selection of various fresh bread. Not so fresh but still good.We first started with a mint pea soup. Cold, and different. But it was very good. Then moved on to the lobster salad. Served cold of course. Not very much flavor. But it did the job. From there my date ordered the foie gras. I had the sea bass. Both dishes were very excellent. Mind you, that was the very first time I tried foie gras. Different yet satisfying. To finish up the meal. They brought me a vanilla suflet . With a scoop of vanilla ice creme, and vanilla topping. With happy birthday written all over it. I gotta say it was the little things that impressed me with this restaurant. Me and date were sat by the glass windows. Able to view the fountain show. Every time I got up to use the restroom. A fresh napkin was laid out for me. The flaws were far and few. The size of the restaurant is rather small. Not to mention that the waiters are rather slow. But other than that. Everything went smoothly.
5	A wonderful restaurant.  Great food.  Outstanding service.My wife had the snails, which she loved and I started with a special truffled risotto, which was superb.  For the mains, my wife had the waygu rib-eye, which was wonderful and I had the butter-poached lobster which was amazing.  Note that rib-eye arrives pre-sliced, which was a bit of a surprise and may have made it a bit less juicy than expected.  Nevertheless, wonderful.We closed it out with two wonderful grand mariner souffles.  For the wine, we had a Nuits Saint Georges, suggested by the sommelier Frederic, who was wonderful as well.Topping off the great service was the wonderful interior, which is really beautiful.
5	Fantastic food, impeccable service, absolutely brilliant dining experience. I've sampled several other "high end" Vegas dining options in my previous trips but Le Cirque put them all to shame. Le Cirque is certainly expensive but I'd consider it better value for the cost than similarly priced alternatives (Micheal Mina, Picasso, SAGE, Eiffel Restaurant). I'd very much recommend the 6 course Tasting Menu (135) with the wine pairings (68 and 88 I believe). You can't go wrong with either the standard or the premium wines and they really are intended as an integral part of the meal. Some of the pairings are adventurous and wholly surprising (A red wine with the cod; a caramel, almost chocolatey, wine with the creme brulee) and I found these to be the most rewarding of the bunch. Moreover, the food is not only delicious but aesthetically pleasing. Foie gras has never looked or tasted as good as when accompanied by apricots and chocolate sauce. However you should be aware that the full tasting menu is quite time consuming (at least 2 hours) but the staff is so precise and the new courses so well timed that it never drags. I realized that quite a few of the costumers preferred that prix-fixe 98 dollar 3 course option where you have the option of mixing and matching just about anything from the menu. The staff itself is professional and courteous to the fault. Our head server described all the dishes as they were served with the precision of a mathematician while the head sommelier was wonderfully gregarious, telling us the history behind every wine in French (with a native accent, of course). The decor is charming and whimsical yet classy.  Strangely at the end of our meal, the head server for our table offered his assistance in  finding us a car/limo service, club passes, and show tickets. I've personally never been offered concierge service by a French waiter but I suppose a restaurant priding itself on the thoroughness of its service like Le Cirque might potentially offer such services.
5	Fine dining done right......Stellar ServiceBeautiful RestaurantGreat Menu - I did the tasting menu - superb!I did it with the wine pairing - amazing and outstanding!Small box of chocolates at end of meal - divinePriceless dining experienceBest dining experience I've had in Las Vegas....
5	One of the single greatest meals I've had the pleasure of eating.  Things got a little hazy after the 6th (or was it the 27th) course as each delectable plate was paired with a glass of wine.  We were stuffed to the seams with foie gras, truffles, and fine booze.
5	What's not to love... yea... great food, great service... great ambiance... and of course great view... occasionally I just go to the bar (no view from there unfortunately) and order a Martini and a couple of appetizers... no reservation needed... It's a small bar, cozy and friendly... Love it...
5	Everything tasted yummy. I particularly loved the escargot and foie gras. The service is great. The waiters make small talk with you so it doesn't feel like a snooty upscale restaurant.  I had the souffle for dessert and it melted in my mouth.
3	Service was great throughout the dinner and dishwares were very cute.  The only problem is the space between tables  was limited and seems little  too crowded.The food presentation for each course was nice same as wine pairings.  However, the taste is lack of complexity and ingredients didn't have much natural flavor.  i am not sure if they have sauce chef on site.For the price we paid, I think we should pay a abit more and move to Picasso instead.
2	Oh, Le Cirque, you disappointed me. Our perfect anniversary dinner was ruined by your incompetent staff:   1.Hostess who didn't ask for my phone number or if we were celebrating a special occasion when I made a reservation (so I had to tell her before she hung up)   2. Snobby server who, for some reason, neglected us the whole night. What did we do to deserve that?!   3. Whoever is responsible for my entree come out 45 min after I was done with my apps.   4. Manager who, after listening to me, said I should have waived him down earlier to resolve the issues with the entrees and our server! Whaaaat?    You guys have those five diamonds hanging on the wall, I shouldn't have to waive anyone down. Besides, i find it extremely rude. So we had $20 of our $400 bill taken care of. Please don't bother next time...Wait,there won't be next time!    By the way, make sure your servers know your menu because that Kobe filet is probably 4oz, not 8oz as I was told.    A good thing I can say about that place is that the sommelier and food runner were amazing, both professional, funny and very attentive. They are the only reason I'm adding a star.   Overall, how would you describe your experience when a very special dinner goes to hell and it still makes you really upset/angry/frustrated two months later?!
5	This is the place to come for a fancy dinner and was probably the most expensive meal i've had ($300). I took the wife here for her 32nd birthday, We decided against getting the Chef's menu, and went with the 3 courses because there were items on that menu that we wanted to try. Some were things we've read about and others were some we wanted to be adventures with. Service was excellent, and attentive yet worked in the shadow.Amuse Bouche: Butternut Squash with pine nuts (yummy)Escargot with creamy buttery sauce (TIL i'm not a fan of Escargot)Foie Gras with crushed hazelnuts (good)Sea Bass wrapped in crispy potato (really good)Honey Glazed Barbary Duck Magret. pumpkin & duck confit parmentier (really good)Grand Marnier Souffle (ok)and we got a special plate of chocolates and a candle as a gift from Le Cirque.
4	Fabulous service - love, love Tom and Maurice.  They made what could have been a very stuffy experience - wonderful! Food was good - had the tasting menu with the wine pairing.  My boyfriend and I ordered each selection so we could try everything.  Loved the sea urchin "ice cream"; foie gras (delicious); King Crab with peppers; lobster risotto; black cod; lamb and venison.  For dessert I ordered the chocolate sphere, he ordered the fruit with sorbet and coconut creme served in a coconut.  His by far was better...The wine pairings were fine, not fabulous but OK... but we are picky wine drinkers. The only issue was the timing with the lamb/venison course... we must have waited 30 minutes (I'm not exaggerating), which then made us rush the dessert course, making no time for dessert wine/cheese/coffee or anything else (we had show tickets for 9pm, keep in mind are reservations were at 630 and we were timely). I would have been upset but for the entertainment/humour/fabulousness of Tom and Maurice.  They kept me entertained.  The food is good, service is wonderful but for the timing issue I would have given it 5 stars...
5	Had a private dinner party there and although it wash the main restaurant, they were very accommodating and the food amazing.  If you get a chance and want to have a great time with close business associates and clients, a great private place to have it.
5	What a really wonderful splurge.  ($98 per person plus drinks & tip)  but a really great experience!   One of those things you just have to splurge on once in a while.The food was delicious, staff was friendly, the decor was comfortable, quiet and cozy.The veal was as tender and flavorful as any I have ever had!
5	The best french food in Vegas. It is definitely worth the price. I think my husband and I spent over $200 when we went, but I don't regret it at all because it was the best food experience I have ever had. They have the most incredible seafood appetizers that they actually serve in a ice sculpture. The magnificent sauces they give you are just perfect and every course that follows the appetizers just get better and better. I thought the little ring box they give you with the homemade chocolates in them was absolutely adorable. And the chocolate actually had their restaurant logo on it, which means they made it. They were amazing. The little cookies they give you at the end were amazing as well. The ambience of the restaurant is just incredible. The inside has magnificent colors and drapes that make you feel like a character inside the cirque du soleil. You can also see the bellagio fountains from the restaurant. The service was great and it was a magical experience!
5	I'm admittedly tough to please, partly because I live in Manhattan and am surrounded by amazing restaurants. Save for my appetizer course, I was impressed by Le Cirque.We had a wonderful amuse bouche of wild mushroom soup, which was followed by my least favorite course. As an appetizer I ordered the uni "sorbet", which was actually a cross between a mousse and an espuma. There were no textural elements to provide contrast, and it was unappetizing.Other than that, the service could not have been better, the sommelier was lovely and made wonderful recommendations based on my requests, and the presentation of the food was exceptional.
5	A beautiful dining experience!  Dover Sole was to die for as were the souffles.  Wonderful staff that made the experience all the more amazing.  Impeccable attention to detail.
2	Very cozy and romantic environment, with a great view of the fountains.  For the price and the quality/taste of the food, it was just A-OK.  Service was ok, and the food was good, but did not blow me away.  The souffle was just ok as well, which is disappointing.  Well, had extraordinary food for the same amount of price or less in the Bay Area, so probably would not revisit again, thus the 2 stars.
4	Michelin rated 1 star. Bellagio hotel with a view of the waterfall show.Need I say more.Well, I'll say more than that.The food was well executed and thought out. I tried the degustation menu.First Course:Sea urchin ice cream: This was like a sea urchin mouse. Subtle flavors but creamy and a hint of sea urchin, I taste more of the cream. Probably my least favorite of the tasting menu.Foie Gras: Since California banned foie gras, I had to indulge as much as I can while I'm here. It had a small piece of foie gras on top of a raisin type of bread. I actually felt like the the foie gras tasted better along. The foie gras, i felt was a little over cooked but the it had some really tender areas. Chilean Sea Bass: This was probably the best dish. The sea bass was melt in your mouth, with a nice sauce to compliment it. Really good!Suckling Pig: They gave you an assortment of pork, from the more dry area of the pig, to the more fatty area, it was a good variety into the pigs anatomy.Cheese: They gave a nicely decorated flower shape cheese, it was very good, creamy and flavorful for cheese. Coconut Dessert: This probably was my favorite part of the dinner. The dessert came on an open coconut, inside was a mixed dessert of coconut, nuts, cream, and various other flavors, it was so good. I could of gotten another one.The service of course of a Michelin starred restaurant was superb and the presentation of fabulous. Not the most amazing meal I had but definitely well thought out menu, service and presentation.
5	Celebrated my wifes 50th birthday at Le Cirque. It was THE complete dining experience. Elegant yet comfortable surroundings. A stellar wait-staff. Tremendous food preparation, presentation and perfectly paired wines . One could not ask for more. Simply one of the best dining experiences I have had.
5	Seems like I never have time to write reviews for restaurants but I have to do for this one.  Le Cirque is amazing.  The ambiance, decor, view of the fountains, food, service.  Had a wonderful dining experience.  If you're in town and want a really nice evening out, go here.  totally worth it.
5	It's very expensive but a fantastic treat, beautiful atmosphere and amazing service. Yes you must wait for a table, and then the tables are very close however you forget about all of that once the lovely gastronimic dance begins!
5	You eat perfect food overlooking the Bellagio fountain show. What else do you want?
4	Sommelier was really cool guy and had a great wine list. Ended up drinking an '05 Gaja and an '05 Chablis. Food was much better than last time I was there but I really don't see myself going back. So many other better options
5	this was the greatest experience in dining ever. the atmosphere the environment is so cool. the presentation of the food is absolutely amazing. it is so cool but have to say we really need place kind of place here. Just expensive but very fun place.
4	Eating at fancy restaurants in Vegas is always interesting.  Often times you see celebrities, the restaurants are decorated in over the top fashion. They have a tendency to take you somewhere far away from Vegas through the ambience, the food, the atmosphere.Le Cirque is a small restaurant that is decorated like the finest circus big top I have ever seen.  They have a monster wine list with a french speaking, well experienced sommolier to match.It is almost irrelevant in regards to what I had because when you are paying as much as my group paid for the bottles of wine and the food, the staff will do whatever is necessary so you leave satisfied.  My party of three left satisifed having tried a variety of meats with perfectly pair wines to match.I would say that it is necessary to make reservations.  If you are on a date, don't look at the eye candy that are on the arms of other men.  If you are going to do that bring your own.  The staff is attentive but they also don't want you to waste their time because they are busy.  They are friendly but not indulgent.    The bartender is good for conversation though so if you get there early hang at the bar.
3	$900 for a bottle of Veuve Clicquot Grande Dame '98 (which you can buy at Bev-Mo for $135). But hey, it's 'sposed to be classy.If you're getting married, engaged, or dying, you have an excuse to go here. If you're ridiculously wealthy and out to prove it, you have an excuse to go here. If you're an individualist who wants to rebel against your bank statement, you have an excuse to go here. If you're out for the food and the ambiance, though, save your money and put it towards a meal at Picasso (if it's open), or any one of the other dozens of very fine restaurants in Vegas. Regarding my own meal: My Sea bass had very flavorful leeks with it (absolutely delicious), but the fish itself was bland, bland, bland. Wine pairings were all very good, from the Chablis to the Oregon Pinot Noir that the sommelier will go to heaven for choosing. Dessert came in a fountain (6 different desserts for 6 different people) and every single one was absolute bliss. So I guess if you want to try it out, go for a cocktail and a dessert (if that's allowed). Can't really go wrong with a souffle and Fernet Branca, no matter where you're dining.
5	The Bellagio is a loud, bustling hotel, but once you arrive at Le Cirque, it's like you've been transported somewhere else.The room is small, but decorated like the inside of a (very classy) circus tent. The tables are kind of close together, but the view of the fountains made up for that. I wish the windows were bigger though! If you can, try to request a table next to the windows. The service is amazing, complete with multiple types of French accents.I had the degustation menu. The amuse-bouche was a trio of salmon - each bite was SO good. For appetizer, I had the snow crab salad, which was served with flying fish roe, turnip, pomegranate, orange, and apple. I never thought these flavors would go well together, but it was absolutely delicious. The next course was the foie gras, served with a cardamom tarte and some kind of foam. This was delicious as well - unexpected flavors that went so well together. Next was the black sea bass, which was light but still had a lot of flavor. The last course was the suckling pig tasting - almost every part of the pig was served, and it was very good too. I loved loved loved each course. I had some sort of raspberry bellini with Veuve Clicquot to start, and it was delicious as well. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in Vegas. The degustation menu is $138, and the premium wine pairing is $88. They also give you a cute little box with chocolates as you're leaving. SUCH a good meal and an unforgettable experience!
5	The priciest meal I've ever had but also the best meal I've ever had...My husband and I decided to splurge on one good dinner during our recent stay in Vegas.  It was hard narrowing it down with so many great choices but after reading several yelp reviews and recommendations from foodies, we made reservations at Le Cirque.  The service here is impeccable.  Everyone made us feel so welcome in such a genuine way.  Our glasses were never empty and the waiters were good about picking up our empty plates when we both were done- as to not rush us as is the case when one person finishes and the waiters take their plate right away.  The sommelier was so nice to us when we wanted a bottle of wine to pair well with both of our dishes.  He did not snub us when we told him our price range or that we weren't too big of a wine drinkers.  He gave us great recommendations and we ended up with a nice Sauvignon Blanc that is now my husband's favorite wine.The waiters seemed very genuine too- made lots of small talk asking where we were from and talking about good eats in Chicago.We did the tasting menu and every dish was awesome.  Usually when you do a tasting, there's a few dishes that you could do without, but every dish was "lick your plate clean" worthy.  Husband and I usually trade plates half-way through the dish, and we both struggled to give up our plates but were glad when we did because the other plate was just as good.  I don't think I could even pick a favorite dish because every dish was great.  One that I was borderline about was the sea urchin ice cream.  The first 2 tastes were really good, but after awhile it was too rich.  Since i traded halfway, it was a good dish that wasn't overpowering.  My husband LOVED the foie gras and duck dishes.  We would definitely visit Le Cirque again any time we're in vegas- might even check out the one in NYC next time we're there.  Best. Dining. Experience. Ever.
5	Absolutely fantastic, one of the best (and priciest) meals i have ever had. We had 2 tasting menus and shared everything so we got a taste of almost all the options, besides maybe the seabass dish which was just good, everything was amazing. Service is great and attentive, they have a choice of 5 bread rolls that are all superb. If you want a special meal and are willing to pay for it (around $400 including a bottle of wine) I cannot recommend this place enough.
3	Was very excited to go here with friends only to be disappointed. Le Cirque is a beautiful dining room overlooking the Bellagio fountains. Our table was next to the window so we had a great view. The service is incredible and friendly, but the food, I've had better. On the menu you will definintely find decadent choices with both appetizers and entrees. They also have an excellent wine list. After a few questions about the menu we ordered.Our appetizers arrived. I had the crab salad, which was a lite salad topped with hearts of palm, caviar and spinkled with pomegranate seeds. Nice and fresh tasting. One of the ladies in my party had the fois gras which she said was very good, another - escargot which she said was good. However 2 of us got the lobster and avocado salad, which the lobster was so tough it was hard to cut. When we mentioned it to our server, two men came back to our table, one remarked it must be our knife. (Really? not the response I expected) Uh.. no it's tough.. Since this is what I ordered for my entree, I asked if I could change my order to the Hamachi, they said no problem. Our entrees came, two of the ladies did enjoy their sea bass and black bass. However the sea bass presentation could have been better, It was wrapped in potato with a brown sauce.. (brown & white only on a plate, not too appetizing)Another ordered venison, which she said was good, and another had the lobster risotto which she said was great.  The himachi I had was good, it sait on two pieces of avocado which were topped with rock salt, which was a bit much. Again it had heart of palm which was great. They do say save the best for last and it was with dessert. I didn't order anything but 3 of the women got the chocolate ball, which I tasted. Rich dark chocolate poured over 3 to 4 different decadant chocolates. Beautiful presentation. Again, the atmosphere nice, the service great, but the food?? For the price, I expected it to be one of the best meals I've ever had. With melt in your mouth food.  Unfortunately, I've had better.
5	My sister paid the bill for the 8 of us so I am not sure of the final tab but it had to be a real doozy. I was kind of waiting to see her get that look like Ralph Kramden had when he went to a fancy restaurant with friends and offered to pay the bill. Filet of Dover Sole Meuniere was phenomenal and a surprisingly large portion. The lobster salad appetizer was full of lobster, they didn't skimp. The assorted breads were amazing and it was a struggle not to fill up on them. The tray of mini desserts was devoured. Service was outstanding. It was surely a once in a lifetime experience. P.S. Unless you are seated directly at a window table you will only see the tip of the fountain show. Walk out after dinner and watch it from the Strip.
5	Love, such a wonderful restaurant! Beautiful decor and extremely intimate. Service is outstanding and while you enjoy your decadent meal you can watch the Bellagio fountain erupt from your table. Must go!
5	4.5 stars - minus 0.5 stars for the veal that I didn't enjoy. Started the night with a martini and it was a delicious drink, and strong - left me buzzed the whole night. I wish I wasn't, so I could have enjoyed the food better. We ordered the degustation menu which turned out to be a little too much for me since there's four courses. Started with an amuse bouche of foie gras mousse which was excellent, followed by our appetizers, a sauteed foie gras and nantucket bay scallops. Both are delicious but I made a mental note to order foie gras next time I'm here because that's the better one. For fish we both ordered the paupiette of seabass, crispy potatoes, braised leeks in pinot noir reduction. Good but didn't blow me away. Here's the winner - the kobe beef. I'm not a beef person and so I didn't order this because I wasn't sure if I would enjoy it at $65 extra. REGRET. Husband ordered this and kobe beef is really something else. The texture and flavor is simply out of this world. I despise my veal after tasting it. You know, when you feel like you married the wrong guy? Could have been savoring that kobe beef instead of the drab boring veal. Maybe if I've never met kobe beef, the veal would have been alright. Dessert - order the chocolate ball and see the chain effect. The table next to us ordered one and we decided we had to get one. When ours came the new table next to us saw that and decided they had to order one too. It is literally white chocolate icecream encased in a frozen chocolate shell. The server then pours hot melted chocolate over the ball and you watch as the outer shell melt away to reveal the icecream inside. It's such a visual treat.Service, I quote Minners N. - "impeccable" and "genuine". Not only are the service professionals extremely attentive, they are not pretentious like some other places I've been to.  They don't serve you, they take care of you. Will I shell out that kind of money to eat here again? Hellya!
4	The number one thing that makes this restaurant amazing is the service. We aren't talking polite and attentive wait staff, we are talking truly amazing service. They replace your napkin with a fresh, folded one when you get up to go to the bathroom. Your drinks magically meet you at your table from the bar. They pour all your cocktails right in front of you, even at your table. All this in addition to friendly and attentive wait staff that you would expect.The reason I'm rating this restaurant 4 instead of 5 stars is honestly because of the food. There were things I tried that were out of this world, and then others that were good but not great. We ate at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant the night before and honestly I felt that I enjoyed the food better there. The one part of the meal that was head and shoulders above anything else we had was dessert. Presentation was outstanding, and it wasn't just about the plating. I ordered the chocolate ball, a seemingly solid and perfectly round chocolate dessert topped with gold leaf. My perfect sphere was then bathed in a rich, hot chocolate sauce, melting away the spherical exterior to reveal still frozen white chocolate ice cream and pralines. Truly spectacular to watch and eat.Overall, the meal was amazing. Obviously you have to expect to pay an arm and a leg here, so don't even bother on commenting about it being overpriced or not. You pay for the service and ambiance (something not found many other places in Vegas) in addition to the quality food. Definitely a great experience.
3	3.5 stars.  Being that it's Las Vegas, I really tempered my expectation, and still.....Nothing was really wrong, it's just not really right.  Something definitely was off.  Foie Gras was good.  Sea Bass was not so good.  Being that we're Asian, we like our fish to taste the way fresh fish is supposed to taste.  Their fish was fried.  I felt like it did not do the sea bass any justice.  Lobster was kind of dry and disappointing as well.  Service was really good.  Probably one of the BEST service in Las Vegas!!!Probably won't come back.  I'll stick to the buffets.
5	Le Cirque is one of the best restaurants in Vegas. I dined with a group of people, 4 adults and 2 kids. At first, I wouldn't have considered this a child friendly place, although the waitstaff surprised me. They were extremely accommodating to all of our needs and the kids LOVED it. I will definitely be back!
2	The waiting area as you come in by the hostess was nice and well decorated. The hostess was welcoming and friendly; sitting at the bar the bartender asked if I wanted a drink and I mentioned about a drink I tried elsewhere to see if he has heard of it. He didnt but offered if I could find the ingredients online he would attempt to make the drink himself. I looked it up on my phone and showed him the ingredients and his version was pretty good as well. Entering the dining area was a surprise as it was a lot smaller then I anticipated. It can make for an intimate dining experience but also falls to increased background noise due to its small size. The table was nice and presented well; the staff seated us and pulled the chairs out as well as placing the napkins on our laps. Dining as a vegetarian for this meal was challenging as the menu did not have many vegetarian choices but the waiter helped out and created vegetarian dishes from what was on the menu. The presentation of all the dishes were good; the food itself was good from the chilled pea soup, to the salad and vegetarian risotto. It just wasnt great; it all tasted good but I was not blown away by it. The desert was probably the best part of the meal as it had a unique presentation and tasted delicious. Overall the dining experience went well, nicely decorated, comfortable seating, good wait staff but I just felt as something was missing that didnt make it a great dining experience.
5	Amazing restaurant. Went here a few years ago and they greeted me like a regular! I read another review that said the portions are small, I would have to disagree and say they are perfect! We asked for wine pairing with our meal and the choices given to us were also brilliant. To top it all off they gave us a complimentary dessert wine and a small box of chocolates. We were treated like VIP's from start to finish. Definitely the place to go if you want a special evening. Ps the venison is amazing!
1	Staying at the Bellagio and had reservations at Le Cirque to end a great evening with front row seats at O by Cirque Du Soleil. Reservations were at 9:30 pm. Plenty of time to make it to reservations. Got there early and we were rudely told that even though we had reservations there will be a wait of 20-30 minutes and no window seating when they were half empty. Pathetic excuse of 5 star service. We decided not to wait because I couldn't imagine how the service the rest of the evening would be. Zero star for rude and attitude by male hostess or manager.
5	Still my favorite restaurant restaurant in LV!  Had an incredible tasting menu on my first night in LV.  New chef is doing a wonderful job!  Service is the best!  My courses included: langoustine carpaccio with osetra caviar;  sauteed foie gras, arctic char; duck breast; and the chocolate ball for dessert.  Definitely will return!
4	I consider this place a solid 4.. maybe even a 4.5!  Service was fabulous. The restaurant has a unique look to it with fabric draped over the ceiling and circus related paintings on the walls.  It was definitely a nice dressy and quiet restaurant.  Before we sat down, they asked "are you going to a show after dinner?" It was to make sure we had enough time but when we said no, they were like.. great! no rush then.  Our waiter had the smoothest voice I swear.  He could run his own 'most interesting man in the world' commercials.   ANYWAY... on to the food!The bacon/onion bread was tasty as well as the lemon rosemary bread.  DELISH.  The fois grois appetizer I got was good but a bit rich for me. I believe it was served with an Asian pear or fuji apple (can't remember at the moment)  and the dish the combination worked beautifully flavor wise.  It was a bit rich but then again, I had fois the night before at another restaurant so what do I know...  I got the duck entree and that was very tasty.  I expected it to be softer but the flavor was pretty amazing.  My friend had the bass.  OMG that was so good. It was wrapped in what looked like pasta but I believe was actually mashed potato.  I was pretty amazed.   I was ready to steal it from him.  The opera cake and the Creme Brulee were pretty spot on, too.  Portions are what I think they should be for what you pay for.  You walk out of there pretty full with a happy palet.   We got out there for about 100 a person I'd say it was well worth the money spent.  I'll have to come back again the next time I'm out in Vegas.
5	Absolutely amazing and delicious... The best French fine dining I've ever had. The foie gras and the Chilean sea bass were absolutely delicious! If you're willing to spend $100 per person, I would highly recommend coming here. It's probably not a good idea if you're going on a budget. The service was spectacular and we had about 6 people waiting on us at all times. I can't say enough about how amazing this restaurant was
5	Excellence in every area!
3	I guess the recession is officially over because it was a packed house in Le Cirque with everyone paying exorbitant prices for some average food.The atmosphere was spectacular (if not a little cramped). The service was excellent. The food was average for the price paid. If I'm going to pay a ton, I want an out of this world experience. Didn't happen!Oh well, at least the recession is over!Slightly upturned face
5	This was one of my best restaurants.  Food was great and desserts were fantastic. Will go again when I go back to Las Vegas.
5	Food, service, interior, mostly everything about this restaurant was speculator.
5	Probably one of the most expensive places I have been but...... If you enjoy fabulous food and the wine that compliments it - THIS IS THE PLACE!   We chose the seasonal tasting menu and upgrade wine pairing and enjoyed a 3 hour dining experience overlooking the bellagio fountains.  Amazing Service..... Amazing Food... Amazing Night!
3	Food was delicious,  but way too expensive.
5	This review is for their dessertStopped by a little after 10pm exactly one week ago, as the 3rd stop on our Vegas eating spree! They were already closed, but were kind enough to allow us to join them at the bar for dessert.We were recommended a tasty glass of Moscato D'Asti to accompany our desserts.Next thing you know, compliments of the pastry chef: tequila lime sorbet with pink grapefruit, grapefruit gelee, and pop rocks (see my photos). What a delightful and refreshing start to dessert!This was followed by a platter of pre-dessert treats!And then, our desserts! OUR JAWS DROPPED at the presentation! We immediately captured images of these gorgeously amazing, elaborate creations!My vanilla poached strawberries with yuzu cream and crunchy streudel arrived in a sculpted bowl of ice, atop a mountain of crushed ice. Good looking, tasty, well-balanced, and a generous portion!My partner's glossy sugar sphere was filled with lycee cream and dragon fruit cubes (and maybe something else I'm forgetting?). I've never seen anything like it! OMG SO GOOD! That is, after he reluctantly agreed to crack the sugar sphere. You've got to look at the pic of this one!As if that weren't enough to make me feel like the most spoiled Princess EVER, I was given a jewelry box with secret compartments concealing truffles!!!The service was excellent! The staff were attentive, gregarious, generous, and welcoming.The presentation of the desserts was out of this world!The desserts and dessert wine were top notch.We are DEFINITELY coming back to experience a full meal here the next time we're in Vegas!!!!Merci beaucoup Le Cirque!
4	The entire experience at Le Cirque was exceptional. There was no limit to the army of waiters attending to your every request. The menu was thoroughly explained. The decor was vibrate and colorful, good circus feel. We were a party of 5 celebrating our friend's graduation.The food was as expected from a classy french restaurant. You will not be disappointed. The Foie Gras Saute was delicious as it slowly melted in the mouth. The "assorted seafood" entree was typical, nothing too special. However, the desserts were something else. The presentation was spectacular (Had the strawberry sorbet contained in an iceball) and tasted just a little sweet, but you'll still enjoy it because you are in Vegas. Overall, everyone in the party agreed that the experience was great, the food was well presented and prepared. Everything will meet your expectations from this swell french restaurant.
5	Wish I could rate 6 stars!My wife and I eat out a lot, but rarely at a place of this caliber.  The food is very expensive - our bill with a few drinks was ~$500 for two - but the quality, creativity and service is worth it.The staff was extremely attentive and classy without being pretentious or judgmental of bumpkins like us.I would spend the money again.
5	Truffle, truffle everything is what I like to say when I left this place. lolService was overly top notch here.  Elegant, classy, intimate, romantic, and quiet restaurant.  This would be a great spot to propose to your lady here! ;)I have to say, one of the most expensive restaurants I had been to.  Dinner for two was $500-$600.  I will never forget how each and every one of their dishes taste and their creativity!  There wasn't a bite, that I was thinking this was just ok.  Every dish was a huge WOW!  I can't even believe these dishes were possible to be created.  I was super impressed.  Thank you for taking us here, David!
5	From start to finish, our meal was impeccable.  I generally prefer to write a longer review with details of what we ordered, but due to time constraints on my schedule let's just suffice it to say that my wife and I were in Vegas recently for three nights (after having been there several months ago for a few nights then too), and Le Cirque provided us the best dining experience, hands down, over all the other restaurants that we dined at.  If you have the opportunity to check them out and you enjoy fine dining cuisine, I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	So and so not as spectacular as the review! My husband thinks the food was good. We had the tasting menu and the Kobe beef charged additionally. I think this place is over priced. For this type of food, I personally prefer Lake House.
5	Loved it!  Great service, intimate dining room, beautiful food.  I didn't have time for the tasting menu, so I just did a la carte.  I had lobster salad, foie gras and the chocolate souffle.  Everything was devine.  A wonderful experience!
5	Came here because of the good reviews and let me just say I was not disappointed. The servers were great, always attending to your every needs. Constantly refilling water, giving you bread. They asked a million times if we had shows or other time constraints, so they do everything possible to maximize your experience. The place is kind of small so the tables are close. It was close enough to see what the people next to you were eating but not close enough to hear their conversation clearly. The place is quiet so its great for a romantic dinner. It is located next the bellagio fountains and everything the show started I could hear the pumps go off. Ask for a window seat for the fountain view.On to the food and wine. I had the tasting menu with the wine paring. I got to say, everything was excellent. Everything from the presentation of the food to the taste and wine was just perfect. The food that stood out the most to me was the foie gras. The flavor and texture was so good and unique that i could still taste it in my mouth now. Other things worth mentioning that I tried are the sea bass and the dessert I got (it was a chocolate ball). If you have the time and money, you must try this place! The experience was one of a kind. I will definitely come again and recommend this place to anyone looking for fine dining. You will not be disappointed. Service and food is first class.
4	a great restaurant.  Had a great time with so many people.  They had a great sampler tray.
5	My boyfriend treated me to a great dinner at the only restaurant able to serve as all were booked at the Bellagio. The service was excellent and food was excellent. Everyone that attended to us was professional and pleasant with exception of main waiter. He was pleasant, but made some comments one would take as racist. He asks me about fried chicken and being a female of color, I didn't notice it until after he left that he asks about fried chicken from all the foods in the world. When told I was Latina, he got quiet and walked away. Later on, we heard him making comments about another patron in the main room about his breath being bad and that a mint couldn't help or save him. We were shocked at his behavior and words that were not whispered to his fellow co-worker who remained quiet and continued providing excellent service to the patrons. It is an expensive restaurant so be ready to spend for a great meal. I will recommend this restaurant for fine dining and hopefully the waiter keeps his personal thoughts to himself or low enough so nobody eating can hear.
4	Pretty good meal for the price, especially since it's at Bellagio. The restaurant is not very big and it felt really cramped in there. Tables were not spaced very far apart...I could literally TOUCH the woman sitting at the table next to ours if I reached out and I could clearly overhear the conversations at neighboring tables. I did like how the dining room looked like you were inside a circus tent.Food portions were smallish, but that is kind of expected for a tasting menu. I actually wasn't completely full after finishing the entire 5-course meal...unfortunately, but it was still filling. The flavors were good in each dish, but nothing really special that blew my mind. Their A4 Kobe beef was the winner of the meal...closely followed by their sauteed foie gras, but beware, the small 2" by 3" piece of Kobe beef also came with an additional supplement cost of $65...Good solid restaurant, however, the ambiance was not very romantic. It honestly felt more like a casual restaurant that served fancier food. Service was was not very personable or friendly. The servers came off aloof and very curt with their descriptions for each dish.(The other Michelin-starred restaurant at Bellagio offers much larger portions on their tasting menu, more creative flavors, better service, ambiance with more privacy, a superb view of the fountains, but surprisingly at very similar prices).
2	Maybe living in Northern CA close to Napa and Sonoma has spoiled me. But based on the reviews in Yelp, as well as recommendation from a friend,  we made a reservation at Le Cirque. Le Cirque was a huge disappoinment. We had a 9:15 reservation on a Friday night, we were promptly seated and the place was about 3/4 full. The wait staff, was not overtly friendly or energetic, nor very efficent, kind of like our entire experience there. I felt that perhaps the Le Cirque once had her day, but is now worn and in need of an eclectic upgrade (think Gordon Ramsey).We ordered a bottle of Cakebread Sauv Blanc and it was poured near room temperature, this to me is a fatal error for a high end French eatery, I asked them to bring a bucket of ice to the table which they did without complaint, is was drinkable in about 30 minutes.We ordered the 4 course tasting menu, eh...just not impressed. The snow crab apettizer was decent, but just as in any good sushi place. The next course was a tiny piece of Foi Gras, which has carmelized and served over crisp bread, perhaps the best part of the meal, as the John Dory was cooked dry, and way under seasoned, think Tilipia. The Rabbit breast was again cooked to sawdust dry, tasteless. My wife had the Duck Breast which I tried, it was much better, but an extremley small portion.The other thing, and I noticed other Yelper's commnented on it, was the long wait between courses, at times uncomfortably long. Our entire dinning experience was 2 hours and 45 minutes. When they brough the check and couldn't wait to pay and get the hell out of there!
5	Everything here is yummy. Foie gras amazing! Amazing ambiance, customer service, super tasty dishes. A most memorable experience. When in vegas..this is a great change from buffet food.
4	Came here last night with the guys.  We are in town for NFL opening weekend and we wanted to dress up and have a nice meal while we were here.After looking at many many yelp reviews we made reservations here for Saturday night at 8:15pm.  We were seated after a few minutes and we all ordered the 5 course degustation menu.  3 of us had the sommelier wine pairing and one of us had the premium wine pairing.  The amuse bouche was a galette with goat cheese and something crunchy.  It was really delicious and definitely amused my mouth.  We were also offered several types of bread: french, pretzel, bacon, rosemary, and chocolate.  The french bread was standard, the pretzel bread was pretty good, the bacon bread was super bacon-y, and the chocolate was the clear winner.  It had some nuts, which gave it a nice change of texture and the chocolate was subtle.  Very good!  Great start to our meal.For the first course, one of us got the country egg with caviar (additional $15 charge) and it looked really good! The rest of us got the snow crab.  This was my second favorite course of the night.  The snow crab was wrapped in avocado and was covered in delicious sauce and some roe.  The result was a creamy delicious light crab flavor.  SO GOOD!!For the second course, most of us ordered the foie gras and one of us ordered the langostine.  After tasting the foie gras, I asked to taste my husband's langostine.  As he looked longingly at my dish, the amazing balance of flavors on his dish overwhelmed me and I quickly said, "let's switch!" The boys all really liked the foie gras, but it was a bit too sweet for my tastes.  The langostine tasted beautiful.  It was my favorite dish last night.The third course: 2 of us got the sea bass wrapped in potato and 2 of us got the barramundi.  The barramundi was the winner of this round.  It was tender and flavorful.  The sea bass was a bit dry and not as flavorful as the barramundi.For the fourth course, 2 of us got the duck and 2 of us got the pork.  At this point in the meal, we were getting pretty full.  The duck and pork were both alright; the pork was slightly better.  It could have used more seasoning.For dessert, we had been eyeing other tables and there was this really cool presentation where there was a chocolate ball, they poured chocolate sauce on it and the ball melted.  SO COOL! I definitely had to get that.  Someone else got the banana souffle and another person got the sugar sphere with chocolate and cherries inside.  The chocolate ball was amazing as was the souffle.  The sugar sphere was a very interesting presentation, but the taste was just okay.  Service was incredible throughout the meal.  The dining area is a little bit loud so I had to shout a little bit to our waiter.  The sommelier was so awesome! He would swing by our table to explain the wines, drop some knowledge, and tell us an entertaining story.  Turns out, he lived in the Philippines for 11 years and he spoke Tagalog to me! To hear a Frenchman speak in Tagalog.  That's the dream.  The wine pairings were all incredible and paired well with the food.  OH! Also the greatest  thing ever! They give all female diners a little jewelry box with truffles in them at the end of the meal! I felt so appreciated! Overall, it was a great dining experience.  The husband and I ended up paying $500, which was definitely a splurge.  However, I liked the food at Providence (in LA) better, but that's just because I'm partial to seafood.  We had a great time and a great, albeit expensive, experience.
2	I came here with my family on Labor Day weekend for my mom's 61st birthday. My fam and I were in great spirits for 2 minutes until the sommelier came to our table. He was this snooty French sommelier who thought he was some hot stuff and gave us such attitude from the moment we walked in. We also brought in a bottle of vintage Dom and a vintage Opus One, which I'm sure he was pissed about because he couldn't oversell any of his wine to us. Beyond that, he didn't even let us taste the wine before he poured all of our glasses. The food was mediocre and the sommelier ruined the experience for all of us. Aside from that, the other servers were delightful but I would highly highly recommend that you think a few times before coming here for a celebratory meal, especially if you're a wine connoisseur and a foodie who values service and proper dining etiquette.
3	The food was good but first impression was a disappointment. Our reservation was at 8pm on a busy holiday weekend. We got there 5 mins early so we were instructed to wait wish was to be expected. The waiting area was already packed with people, but we saw a few tables available inside and a couple by the waiting area. We still didn't hear from the hostess by 8:25pm, so I complained. She didn't seem apologetic and proceeded to seat us at one of the tables by the waiting area that has been empty the whole time we were waiting... Really?!? The service after that was great and the food was good. But to pay the price they're charging, I expected much more.
5	Everything from the start to finish was perfection! The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. I came here for my 10th anniversary and we had the tasting menu. The foie gras was my favorite as well as the duck. The desserts were amazing! The chocolate souffle is a must try! Will be back every time I am in Las Vegas!
5	We just dined here and have good things to say about Le Cirque. One reason we chose this place it the tasting menu and it does not disappoint. We also chose the reserve wine pairing to accompany our meal. The waiters are very knowledgeable about the food and wine. The scallop dish was one of the best we've ever had. My only complaint was with the wine pairing. Even though we chose the reserve pairing and my wife and I had different dishes we got the exact same wine with each dish. This makes me really wonder if they have a pairing for each dish they have on their tasting menu and if we even got the reserve pairing. I would have expected a different type of wine with each dish that was specifically chosen and paired by the sommelier. The place is colorful and some tables have a nice view of the Bellagio fountains when they go off. The place is pricey as with most high end restaurants in Vegas but not ridiculous like Guy Savoy or Robuchon. I would return here again to dine in the future but will likely try some others before returning.
5	I took my sister here for her birthday dinner and she was very pleased and so was I. This place is small (about 60-80 max capacity) so make sure you make a reservation. They do not have patio seating bu there are tables near the windows with a view of Paris. It is circus-themed, hence, "cirque"...but don't worry, they don't have clowns walking around!I almost ordered from the degustation menu when  my sister pointed out that my favorite escargot isn't included in that menu. So we both each got an appetizer, entree and dessert instead. My sister wanted to get the sea urchin but their shipment got stuck at the airport due to weather conditions.Spiced Pumpkin Cappuccino with Warm Gougere:A frothy pumpkin soup with a small cheese pastry. Just a few sips and you're done. Great warm cappuccino and the gougere was tasty. 4/5Escargots au Beurre d'Ail:Burgundy snails in garlic herb butter with confit tomato, croutons and Parma prosciutto. One of my favorite things is escargot. Generous portion of garlicky buttery and slightly crisp escargot. I was dipping my bread in garlic butter after I was done with the escargot. 5/5Hamachi:Yellowtail marinated in citrus with avocado, heart of palm, cucumber and orange blossom smoke. The presentation was very nice. Orange blossom smoke coming from the bottom of the plate. The hamachi is fresh. 5/5Filet de Loup de Mer:Potato crusted Mediterranean sea bass with braised leeks and Pinot Noir reduction. One of Le Cirque's classic dishes. The crust was so light but slightly crisp. The Pinot Noir reduction was amazing with the fish. 5/5Degustation de Porc Berkshire:Pork chop, soy-glazed pork belly, butternut squash puree, truffled haricots tarbais, marjoram cider cream sauce and chestnut confit. The highlight of this dish was the pork belly - it was tender and melts in your mouth. 5/5Petite Boule de Chocolate, Eclats de Noisette Caramelisee, Glace Chocolat Blanc:Chocolate ball with praline mousse, hazelnut caramel crunch, white chocolate ice cream and chocolate sauce. You get a ball of chocolate with gold leaf on top and your server will pour hot chocolate over the chocolate ball causing it to melt parts of it and exposing the hazelnut crunch and ice cream. 5/5Foret Noir dans sa Boule de Sucre, Cerises Morello en Kirsch, Cacao Sorbet:Black Forrest crumble in sugar sphere, cocoa sorbet and Morello cherries in Kirsch. This was my sister's choice for dessert since she likes black forest. The presentation was fantastic. You get a red ball made of sugar and inside it is all the goodies. The cherries were a bit too bitter and medicine-like for me so I didn't like this dessert but then again, this was not my choice. If you like black forest then you'd probably like this.Petit Fours:Chocolate with gold leaf, marshmallow, lemon blueberry and profiteroles. My favorites were the chocolate and the profiteroles. 4/5We were each given souvenir truffles. Service was good. Bread service includes: pretzels, baguette, rosemary and feta, bacon and cheddar, etc. and they'll give you unsalted and salted butter. Overall, it was a great dining experience.
5	Absolutely fabulous, in every way. Decor is lovely, food is amazing, service impeccable. They took extra care to accommodate my vinegar allergy (yes, I know it's a weird one) without making me feel like I was a pain in the ass. Also, I received a very nice email from the manager the following day, thanking me for choosing them. I couldn't be happier with our experience at Le Cirque.
5	We ate here because we were staying at the hotel next over. It was very very good. I had the soy glazed pork belly and my friend had some type of exotic fish that was prepared uniquely but she loved it. It is a fancy place and the room is intimate ( meaning small) but I was kind of digging the atmosphere. They really go all out in Vegas and this restaurant is a good one to go to just for the opportunity to walk through the Belagio hotel and check it out. It is super cool. Quite expensive, but in my opinion it was worth the money.
2	Seems all of the tables but ours had assistance from a couple of waiters, the sommelier and others. To complicate our experience further, we ended up being the last couple in the dining room and we were treated to the booming, screaming voice of your head waiter, who most certainly should have noticed that a service problem was an issue with us, dressing down our poor waiter, over what I have no idea. The head waited most certainly should have known that he still had diners in his care and reserved his condemnation until the room was clear. A 5 star experience was not something we experienced.
3	We had the tasting dinner pairing with wine, overprice menu for the small pirtions, food was good however I have had better food for half the price. It is a culinary experience being at Le Cirque specially with the wine pairings. Best dish was the pork loin and bellyService was extraordinary, dont forget to ask for the bacon breadThe souffle has a great cooking techniqur however it was a bit sweet
2	Wow, what a disappointment.My family and I went for Thanksgiving.  The menu was set at $145 for a set five courses meaning that each course was averaging $29.  The first course was a lobster salad which was decent, but nothing to write home about.  The second course was 1.5-2oz of parmesan risotto.  Also good, but nothing spectacular.  Third course was sea bass wrapped in potato.  Inventive, but not only dry, but I was served an unacceptable piece of fish, certainly not one that should exist in a restaurant with this price structure.  Fourth course, the supposed turkey which was an approximately 1.5"x1.5" square.When I cut into it there was a huge blood vessel running through the center.  Nice. They also forgot my drizzle of sweet potato.  Additional items including a solitary piece of asparagus that had been bisected, perhaps a teaspoon of cranberry sauce, and a rolled up item I was told was a combination of dark meat and stuffing that was an measured perhaps 3/4 of an ounce.  When I told the staff of the issue with the meat requesting a new plate with a normal sized portion of turkey, sweet potatoes and asparagus guess what I got?  The same tiny portions, but at least this time the turkey was edible.  The only real stand out for this meal was the last course which was a chocolate dome with hazelnut praline and icecream inside.  Hot chocolate was poured over the top to melt into the top of the dome.  Inventive and delicious.  This will definitely be marked as the one Thanksgiving I had where I wasn't stuffed.
1	I've never felt so ripped off... I've had better meals out of a vending machine.  I felt like I was at a used car lot with the upselling.I was highly anticipating this meal and my Thanksgiving dinner with close friends. To start the minimum per person was $145, so this created high expectations. Sadly I was let down. Some examples of feeling ripped off were:   up charges on choosing one item over another, specifically the $65 dollar upgrade for Kobe rib-eye instead of the Turkey was CRAZY. The turkey was in cube and gross, like really in a cube (vending machine or out of the can). The rip eye was half the size of a hockey puck and flat as a pancake, plus it was $65 dollars more.  DON'T DO IT... Some of the reviews on here are giving 5 stars, I don't get it... HOW? Is there anyone who has eaten here twice? Save yourself, there are better places to eat in Vegas for half the price.
2	We went to La Cirque for Thanksgiving dinner. I knew it would be expensive but I thought if there was ever a time to splurge Thanksgiving in Las Vegas was the time. I do not mind spending a lot of money on food if it is amazing. I and the rest of our party was disappointed. The food just was not amazing. Everything was good but it was not, as my friend put it memorable. I felt everything could use salt for one thing but this place is so uber fancy that I could not bring myself to ask for it. The restaurant is really pretty, the service was good but I still want my $500 back. It was a set menu for $145 per person for a 5 course meal. There were only two choices for each course and the second choice had an up charge of any were from $15 to $65 per course, Lame. When the food came out everything was eehh. The only thing that blew my mind was the dessert. The dessert was amazing! My husband paid $65 up charge for the kobe beef and when it came out it was literally the size of a gulf ball. I was joking saying "were is the beef"? I know this is a french restaurant and they are known for small portions but $100 for a piece of steak the size of a quarter? I will never go again. If you have money to burn this may be a good place for you. For me our bill was $500 per couple with no booze. The food was not amazing so it was not worth it.
4	Ah - Le Cirque! So famous yet so cheesy. The decor is hilarious in this upscale delicious place. I'm sorry, but eating in a circus tent with flying colors and crazy rainbow stripes all over the place is a little much. I get it - it's a circus, (for the love of God, themed design AGAIN) but why not use decor that reflects a different aspect of the circus, how about caged animals? I think that might make more sense. So - the food was fabulous here dahrling....just as you'd expect it to be. The best part of the night? The Sommelier telling us funny stories about high rollers drinking $4k shots of liquor mixed with diet coke and $80 ice cubes. Yes, ask for a special sphere ice cube made with distilled water so it appears completely clear, if you dare....Don't come here thinking you'll get a bargain, it is pricey and it is tasty as well. I never expect anything less of a place that carries a huge name and following. If you want something less then go somewhere else, you are playing the game when you enter Le Cirque, dress yourself up, suck it up and try to have a good time, this place is memorable and fun - and it's Vegas baby.
4	Excellent!I love the ambiance of this restaurant. We were seated next to window with a peek of the fountain show. Foie grois was great and hamachi was good. I ordered medium duck. Unfortunately it was not seasoned well & was too chewy. Server was in tuned & offered to exchange dish for a sea bass. It was delicious!
2	to quote a fellow yelp reviewer, "the service was satisfactory just like their food."bread was cold and butter was not whipped.  dont even remember if it was salted.  seared foie gras appetizer was decadent, oily, and delicious.  but it was comparable to seared foie gras ive had elsewhere at cheaper places.the paupiette of black bass had a very nice thin shell but the fish was definitely overcooked.  chocolate shell dessert was standard.  really expected more from such a high end and high price place.also didnt like how they didnt have prices on the menu which basically forced us to do prix fixe. ive def had better french food at this price point.
5	What a fantastic dinner. We ordered the Degustation tasting menu, with one wine paring for me, with my wife stealing a sip of each. The veal cheeks alone was almost worth the price of the meal. One of the best bites of red meat that I ever had.The sea urchin and the foie gras were also perfect. The portion of foie gras was surprisingly large for a tasting menu.  The sea urchin was also the best I ever had, though I have had that many sea urchin before.The prosciutto wrapped monk fish was the only dish less than perfect. It wasn't bad by any means, but the prosciutto taste kind of over whelms the monk fish taste.In sum, the veal cheeks alone is worth the trip, sea urchin and foie gras made it a freaking bargain, and everything else were great option on top.
5	An experience through and through!  I love feeling like you disappeared into a different world, especially when you walk thorough a casino to get there.  Our first stop in this over-the-top, circus theme decorated restaurant, was the beautiful semi-circle bar with the inviting striped high chairs.  We ordered and enjoyed our drinks while waiting for our table to be prepared. Once ready, we were whisked away to our table in the intimate dining room with the circus tent above.  Since our dinner here was a few months ago during summer, I can't/won't go into detail on the dishes we had.  But I can tell you that we both ordered the LeCirque Tasting menu, and enjoyed just about every dish that came our way.  We did the wine pairing as well, and the wines were exceptional.  The sommelier provided stories, laughter, and a good education on the wines that were served.  Depending on your table location, you may also have a nice view of the Bellagio fountains through the restaurant windows. We loved the experience, it was just fun.  And I like when a fine dining experience can be fun and not just stuffy.
5	What an amazing evening and spectacular meal.  My husband and I were celebrating New Years' Eve a night early, along with our 35th anniversary.  We could not have chosen a better restaurant.  Every single detail was perfect and every morsel delicious.  My selection included a luscious yellowtail sushi appetizer whose presentation over dry ice was as beautiful as it was delicious.  My husband had a wonderful salad that was unlike others he had ever had and he enjoyed every bit.  For the main course, I selected  the Chilean Sea Bass, with Herb & Ginger, Hon Shimeji Mushrooms, Swiss Chard, Citrus Vinaigrette. It was wonderful.  My husband enjoyed the Wagyu kobe beef that was surely one of the best meals he has ever enjoyed.  Our desserts, a beautiful strawberry mixture served in an ice bowl was beautiful and delicious.  My "chocolate ball" was presented beautifully, with hot chocolate poured over it to uncover a delicious ice cream dessert inside, topped with a small piece of gold leaf.We will return again and again...what a treat!  Our compliments to the chef and the very attentive staff.
5	I didn't review Le Cirque after my first visit but it was spectacular.  My wife and I went back this past weekend for our anniversary.  It did not disappoint and in fact was better.  We had the tasting menu with five sublime courses and spectacular wine pairings.  The lobster and avocado salad was to die for.I really want to thank Maurice, Frederick, and the rest of the team for a truly wonderful evening.  We will definitely be back.
5	I was hesitant to eat at Le Cirque because I saw Chilean Sea Bass on its menu 3 years ago. Two years ago, it had vanished so I dined on some fine turbot and wondrous vodka + granny smith atoms gelee though the gold plated langoustines they accompanied I had to send back because they were too fishy. They didn't mind, and didn't charge me. This trip, I was persuaded to try Le Cirque again and indeed their monkfish sounded intriguing. I've only had monkfish once before, at Le Bernardin  in 2010 and figured that was as high a standard as a dish could get. Le Cirque hit it out of the park. Better than Le Bernardin, considered by people who do such considerings, the best seafood restaurant in the world? Yes. They also gave me a liquid egg. I loathe liquid eggs. I love hard boiled eggs, omelets, quiches and other such concoctions but fried, poached or otherwise liquidized eggs are the enemy of my palate. But Le Cirque somehow made it palatable. Maybe the best service I have experienced, in a city full of great service. Wine pairing was serviceable, nothing of genius. Great food, wondrous service and serviceable booze- nobody bat's 1.000, even in Vegas.
4	I had no expectations walking into Le Cirque for dinner, it was just unplanned and pretty much winging it. I was surprised to find a reservation slot at 8pm the morning of, and luckily it wasn't so busy on a Sunday night. We were seated in the middle of the circus ring, overlooking the Bellagio fountains. Too bad my back was turned towards the fountains otherwise I wouldn't be talking to my friends at the table at all. Overall, the setting is very clustered, if you're a bit claustrophobic, good luck.Like always, our table was probably the youngest ones at the restaurant. Perhaps that might be the case which I felt a bit rushed through during the first half of my dining session. We ended up all getting the degustation menu which consists of amuse bouche, appetizer, another appetizer, fish dish, meat dish, pre dessert, mini tarts, and main dessert. As always, you can describe the meal portions as "meals for ants" but really, all those courses can add up, especially with a lot of heavier ingredients for the courses in the middle. I ended up ordering the uni panna cotta, foie gras, prusciutto wrapped monkfish, veal cheeks, and the vanilla poached strawberry.  Overall, my dishes were absolutely great but not enough to amaze me. Overall, the dishes were not eye opening in terms of originality. I was a bit surprised at how much was influenced by Japanese cuisines. They made all of their ingredients to its perfection. A lot of stuff going on with the textures moreso than flavors. You have a few different types of "smooth and creamy" going on in the uni panna cotta, a bit of an differentiating layers in the foie gras, a little bit of the dry and chewy in the prusciutto versus the moist and tender monk fish, different aspects of "melting in your mouth" within the creamy polenta and the veal cheeks. Especially my predesert, it was a tequila sorbet with strawberry poprocks and gelee. It was such a fun dish! Hell, it was a fun meal overall. But wait! I haven't even told you how in awe I was with my dessert, the vanilla poached strawberry. Other than my strawberry compote at L'Atelier, this is the only other time I was too shocked about how my dessert came out to be. I had no idea how to begin! My strawberries in yuzu cream were all served in an ice bowl that was stacked on top of these pinkish icy rocks on a silver plate. It looked like an inverse volcano of some sort. I felt like an little kid eating a strawberry sundae. Gorgeous piece! I'm so glad the server refused to let me change my order to the Grand Marnier souffle. For the food and the atmosphere, this place deserves a 5 star ranking. However, for the service during the first half of the meal, I'm dropping a star. Mainly because I felt unwelcome with most of my meal rushed up, I didn't completely enjoy my dining experience. Luckily when the crowd had died down, our server had carried a few talks with us, gave us this chocolate cabinet (or rather mini cabinet with chocolates). But that was more like second half of the meal, better late than never. Turns out of server was quite humorous, sarcastically humorous, any sort of good conversation is definitely needed over a dinner.
5	Absolutely fantastic, one of the best (and priciest) meals i have ever had. We had 2 tasting menus and shared everything so we got a taste of almost all the options, besides maybe the seabass dish which was just good, everything was amazing. Service is great and attentive, they have a choice of 5 bread rolls that are all superb. If you want a special meal and an amazing atmosphere  I cannot recommend this place enough.
3	Way way over-pricedThe meal itself is good, but I could find similar dishes in LA or SF with a much more reasonable price, under $100.I like their monkey plate, very cute. Uni is awesome, foi gras is awesome, presentation is awesome. Don't try cocktail. Meat were cooked too rich.
5	I was there for my daughter's 21st birthday.  The atmosphere is great, elegant but not stuffy.  The view from the table was of the fountains, very spectacular at night.  The staff was pleasant.  The food was delicious.  The kind of meal that looks as good as it tastes.  The waiters were great.  There is nothing that can ruin an evening like bad service and the service here is amazing.  Go for a special occasion, it's worth it.
5	Best French restaurant in Las Vegas.  Great staff and great food and I am not a fan of French food.
5	One of the better Michelin starred rated restaurant I've ever experienced. I'm surprised it wasn't given a second star because I honestly felt that it ranked up there in quality and the experience. In my opinion, I had a better experience here than in Picasso, which has 2 Michelin stars.Le Cirque is physically smaller than Picasso, and the theme is different too. Le Cirque has a "circus" feel to it with the murals of circus acts and I like the silk drapery that simulates being in a big circus tent. It also has some respectable views of the fountains too, that is if you score a table by the window.The degustation menu is the only way to go if you have relatively no time constraints (2.5 hours) at Le Cirque. But they also have a smaller pre-theater menu as well. And with 15 somelliers on staff at Bellagio, getting the wine pairing is must.The wine pairing was the best I've seen. And I only chose the somellier wine pairing. They have the more superior premium wine pairing, but I was already wowed with the cheaper version.The 5 course menu was carefully and meticulously prepared. My favorite was the dessert. I chose the banana souffle and I would honestly come back, and just sit at the bar, and order 2 of these very decadent dishes. The best souffle I've ever had.Again, I would rank this up there with restaurants having 2 Michelin stars. The staff was great. They entertained me as I sat there dining by myself. Such great hospitality. I will be back.
2	We had our wedding dinner (just the 2 of us) here 10 years ago, and it was wonderful. This time, it was the worst experience. It was the most unromantic dinner we have shared. The food was edible but not great. The tables were too close together, and they sat a large group with very loud guests next to us. The time between courses (tasting menu) was inconsistent, with some long waits. We did not get what we paid for by far. Had we known this going in, we would have gone elsewhere. The best item was the souffle, everything else did not live up to the reputation of Le Cirque. We will never come back. Overpriced and underwhelmed. We would rather have eaten at In-n-Out for our Valentines Day meal.
5	I've been to a couple of fine dining restaurants now, and this is by far, hands down, the best place I have ever been. The food is delicious, the service is spectacular, and the atmosphere is indescribably magical. The servers are very knowledgeable about the dishes' presentation and the chef's intended experience for eating each course. Furthermore, they are very attentive without being intrusive. Words cannot fully describe how much I love this place. Unfortunately, every restaurant after this will be compared to Le Cirque for their amazing food and impeccable service... This review was originally made for my first visit in July 2013. I went again recently for Valentine's Day 2014 - again, spectacular service. The restaurant was EXTREMELY busy; however, the servers were still pleasant and when they came to our table, they gave us their full attention. I was pleasantly surprised that our previous waiters even remembered us and where we sat during our first visit! Although the dining experience was not as delightful due to the bustling environment, I still thoroughly enjoyed my visit as the food quality was magnificent, unaffected by the drastic increase of demand to produce each dish. I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant - I'm in love.
5	What can I say?  Fantastic French restaurant.  The service was fantastic. The food amazing. You get an excellent view of the water fountain exhibit from your seats. Choose the 7 course meal. The rack of lamb was great highly recommend this place.
5	My wife and I decided to give it a try after reading about their AAA -5 Diamond rating.  We were not disappointed!!  We each had the Black Truffle fixed 5 course menu with the premium wine paring.  Couple AMAZING food, with excellent service and a front row view of the Bellagio fountain made for an unforgettable evening!
5	Amazing service, our wait staff was over the top.  We dine in a lot of the top restaurants and private clubs and this was the best.  Food is fabulous, spectacular presentation, great selection.
4	I came in on Christmas Day and had the Christmas Tasting menu. It was a great experience, especially when it is to celebrate the most important birthday of the year... Jesus. Kidding aside, we were really there for a birthday. For this holiday, you can only order the tasting menu. There was a choice for each course, even the amuse bouche. Here is what I had and ordered: The breads were ok, as they were not warmed and actually tasted stale. We had a late reservation, but that's no excuse in any restaurant. The amuse bouche was Panko Crusted Farm Egg with Caviar. This was wonderful because I love egg based dishes and how can it not be better with a dollop of caviar. Oh and yes, the egg yolk was nice and slightly runny. The first course was Maple and Balsamic Glazed Foie Gras. This is a dish that a French restaurant should have perfected and indeed, it was seared wonderfully which made the foie creamy and buttery with a firm outside layer. The addition of the maple glaze and balsamic added the sweetness and the acid to balance the gras. The second course was the Wild Atlantic Turbot with Truffle Puree, and Black Trumpet mushrooms. This was a good dish albeit petite. The best combination was to put a dab of truffle puree with the fish. With just the fish or the puree by itself, it would have been lacking. The third course, the main course, was Braised Veal Cheeks. Who knew Veal cheeks were so big? Just kidding, they were a good size and reminded me of braised short rib but more tender. What really took this to the next level was the red wine reduction and black truffles. For all the dishes thus far, it's not about the main ingredient, it's about how all the ingredients on  the plate pair and compliment each other. There is a harmonious togetherness that each of the dishes had, which a lot of other restaurant have a hard time finding.  Dessert - souffleIt's a 5 star French restaurant. They better get this right and right they did. I wonder if they would just let people come in for their souffle.... because I would be there every week. Um, just the souffle, not the tasting ;)To conclude, if you like the more traditional French Fine dining experience, I highly recommend Le Cirque. Note: The only downside about the restaurant is that the tables are way too close to one another. You can literally hear the next table's conversation.
5	Why did I wait so long to eat here?  We've been visiting fine dining in downtown Las Vegas for years.  I guess I thought Le Cirque would be stuffy and over-done.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  The service staff (and there are a lot of staff) was so friendly and welcoming that from the first moment we walked in it was like we had always been customers.  They also let me order a starter from the vegetarian menu and then a meat from the regular menu.  English pea soup (warm) was fantastic and had a lot of depth, maybe from the addition of the mushrooms.  Then we had duck a l'orange.  I was afraid of something kind of "sappy" but the fat was perfectly rendered to the crispy skin while the meat was medium rare with a savory reduction underneath that was to die for.  Wow.  Followed by the highest, lightest souffle I've ever eaten (and I've had many).  The somm was very down-to-earth and didn't jump to the most expensive wine on the list, but instead steered us toward a wine that perfectly suited our taste.  This place will set you back some cash but it will be well worth the splurge.
4	This is around my 10th fine dining/tasting menu experience and it was lovely. It was not my favorite, only because I have been to many others that have really stood out. I had their current tasting menu and it was delicious and seasoned well. I absolutely loved our "compliments of the chef" dish, which was a French Onion Soup with a Grilled Cheese croquette. That always is a bonus in my book! Each course came out at appropriate times. They did not keep us waiting too long in between. The wait staff was very professional and engaging. One thing that stood out above the other restaurants I've been to is how beautiful it is inside! The colors, decor and lighting were my favorite. By the end of the meal they brought out a box of chocolates for each guest and cute little pastries. I definitely recommend the tasting menu if you're willing to pay the $$$ and have the appetite.
4	Once again I am not left disappointed.My favorite was the frog legs! The chicken was alright and I did like the halibut. The sorbet was tequila flavored and was strong. I opted for the chocolate souffle and thought it was a lot heavier than before. The wine was delicious! Dr. Loosen Riseling. The only thing to call out was I didn't get a lap napkin. :( I do notice the size of the tasting menu gotten smaller. The service was nice and served bread a few times. My favorite was the chocolate bread with cranberries! Delicious!I loved the free gift, but wished they gave one for my bf as well. All in all, I love this place. It's my third time here and will continue to come because they are really good.
4	The atmosphere is great with a circus theme  while still being a very upscale dinning experience. It's a Formal dress code with fancy French food. It's very expensive, The food and service are top notch. They offer a vegan menu however if other people in your party don't order a tasting menu your not going to get the vegan tasting menu your going to get a couple very basic and very boring items instead.
3	This reveiw is from Christmas 2012. I came here with daughter, son in law and my dad and stepmom. My Dad and stepmom are not gourmet food lovers at all. My Dad is only happy with steak and baked potato but they were willing to try all the places we had scheduled for this Christmas trip. We had reservations at Gordon Ramsey steak, Le Cirque, Cut, Picasso,  la l'atelier de Joel Robouchon, and Carnevino. I don't remember much about the food at this place which is why I am making a real effort to do my reviews  the day of the meal. But it also says the food here wasn't that great because I can remember other places were good. I do remember server was mad when I asked to split the check for my Dad and stepmom on one ticket and us on the other. Beautiful place.
5	Found this place because of yelp and I thought I might like it. Atmosphere is not stuffy at all and I can't rave about their Le Chevreuil Grand Veneur dinner and the Amuse-Bouche. Been back a few times and always enjoy my meal and our service was all you would want it to be.  If you love French food this is a place to go!
5	Amazing experience, food, drinks, service, atmosphere...will definitely be back.
5	Le Cirque- the Eleven Madison Park of the West Coast. Intricate, detailed, and ambitious, the food here speaks volumes. Service is perfection. Request a table near the window for the best views of the amazing fountains!
5	This place is great. The food is excellent and the service is top notch. It is not cheap, but worth it for a special dinner. The location, inside Bellagio, is easy to find and adds to the feeling. Also, the windows allow for views of the fountains, although somewhat limited if you aren't seated at a window seat. There are very few tables, making for an intimate setting for a great meal.
5	This may have been my first fine dining experience and it was phenomenal.  Memorable in every way!!!To start, the place looks amazing.  It looks like, you know, a circus... tent and all! The service was amazing.  Again, my first fine dining experience so I had never experienced having multiple waiters tend to our every needs. The food presentation was stellar and I especially liked the fact that each serving was brought by a single waiter who, while carefully placing it in front of us, would whisper in our ear a description of what we were about to enjoy.  Every bite was enjoyable and the desserts were just as good.  We ordered a bottle of wine and simply enjoyed a stellar meal.  My wife will tell you that one of the highlights was when they brought her a purse holder clip with "Le Cirque" written in rhinestones... of course her favorite part of the story is when they gifted it to her at the end of the meal.  She uses it everywhere we go now.Can't wait to go back!!!
5	Such an incredible experience.  Where do I even start....The waitstaff was formal, and yet hilarious and fun.  Not only our waiter, but the other waitstaff made sure to stop by throughout the meal to visit with us and share a story or engage us with friendly banter.   The restaurant has a hip vibe, but still captures the elegance you expect when paying $250 per person. The food was absolutely amazing.   We had the Degustation menu with wine pairings.  Each new plate was like an adventure, with the Sommelier guiding us through the wine selections and our waiter describing each dish in detail.  The wine pairings were right on point and made the delicious food that much better.  Generous wine pouring with every course.  My favorite course was the frog legs, great spin on an old classic.Everyone in our party was equally impressed.  Le Cirque is a must for all our future Vegas trips.
5	One of the top 10 best fine dining experiences of my life, and yes, I have a lot of fine dining experiences to draw from.I'll break it down:Service - impeccable.  Totally spot-on, without being stuffy formal.  They didn't miss a beat from filling glasses, setting proper cutlery, serving, follow-up...all of it was perfect.Presentation - while not over the top architectural, it is French Classical cuisine, so presentation is tight and clean.  The dinnerware was lovely and different.  lolFood - outstanding.  There was a pinot noir butter sauce on the sea bass that I could have drank from a demitasse cup.  Apparently I moaned through every course, as the food was just THAT GOOD. And, to top it off, they give you a lovely little red jewelry box filled with chocolate truffles to take home.My only "complaint" is that I wish they instituted some kind of dress code.  I know it's Vegas, but the couple next to us was in tee-shirts and sneakers/jeans.  To me, fine dining should require a bit of class from the patrons.Otherwise, phenomenal, and if you're in Vegas, GO.
5	Girl friends took me here for my bday!! I am so in love with their food. THe service is excellent, good choice of wine selection by sommelier  and I just enjoyed dining experience overall!!!
5	Fantastic pre-theatre meal and wine pairings. Come early and eat a leisurely meal while watching the Bellagio fountains.
5	Writing this review may be pointless, it may be silly to even bother (certainly feels that way), and it may get lost in the mix of the hundreds of reviews, but I thought I'd throw my two cents in anyway, despite the fact AAA has rated this restaurant as Five Diamond and I'm just another voice sounding off, ha!This was my first time in such a highly regarded restaurant. Even though I've been to many fine restaurants, I definitely felt intimidated knowing this was Five Diamonds (you know, the highest rating from a respected institution short of the chefs having Michelin Stars!). What I learned? There was no reason to feel that way- the staff was so warm and accommodating, they made us feel right at home. I really appreciated the fact that they helped us make decisions and were really honest about everything. The waiter even offered to pay for our entrees if we felt disappointed in our choices! Surely he meant "comp," but, regardless, it was nice to know I wouldn't suffer Buyer's Remorse on such an expensive dinner choice! One thing I found remarkable, and perhaps this helps achieve their high rating, was that a member of our party requested a (fairly common) sparkling water which they did not have. The waiter actually had someone from the bar leave the restaurant and acquire some for her. Woh. That right there was mind-blowing to me. Their wine list was particularly impressive, but asininely expensive. Expect to pay hundreds of dollars for modest bottles of wine. I'm fairly certain I even saw a bottle listed at around $30,000! I'm sure it was a Lafite Rothschild or something. The sommelier (read: a REAL sommelier) actually complimented my two choices! If that was genuine or not, I don't care. The words "excellent choices, sir" actually came out of his mouth. Brownie. Points. Mister. Now to the food: everything was excellent. I mean, it was just...excellent! I don't even know what to say beyond that except that my dessert was a ball of ice cream in a spherical shell of chocolate topped with gold leaf (I ate gold!) and had a hot ganache poured over it, thus revealing the dairy insides. The decor was so much fun, the restaurant is small and intimate, and if you get the table in the corner on the left when you first enter the dining room, you can watch the Bellagio fountain show from your table!If you're willing to spend the money, you will not be disappointed in your experience her. It was true Vegas decadence and I loved every minute of it.
2	I think Le Cirque needs an updating, or at least a mild kick in the seat to get it back on track. The tasting menu was average fare (at these prices, at least), and the wine pairings were downright pedestrian for this quality of restaurant....although the Hungarian sweet wine served with the foie gras was a dynamite choice.  At these prices, there are MUCH better places to dine at in Las Vegas.  Too bad Le Cirque is satisfied floating along on their reputation and not pushing the envelope a bit.  Keep this up and the reputation will suffer too.
1	I looked at my reservation confirmation again--and nothing in my OpenTable confirmation (or anywhere else I saw) stated that pants (vs. shorts) were required.  It is 100 degrees (and, with recent t-storms, 60% humidity) in Las Vegas right now. I live in LA and am here for a couple of days... to be honest, I didn't even bring pants.  Or shoes.  Pants are a fine requirement, if they want to make it so.  But in a place like Las Vegas, in Summer especially, that requirement is not obvious to me.  Even at LeCirque.  The restaurant's handling of our arrival was poor.  The staff fliply suggested I could just go upstairs, change and come back.  That would have been great if I were staying at the Bellagio (vs. the Venetian half a mile away, where my wife's conference was)--and if I had brought pants.  They also suggested that maybe I should try the casual (and empty) sushi restaurant next to LeCirque (because that restaurant apparently doesn't care about people wearing pants).  I've been there.  It's not really in the same ballpark; and I found it a bit insulting.I am aware that this is a nice restaurant.  I have never been.  But I go to nice restaurants.  In nice cities.  And, if I were going to the original Le Cirque in NYC, I most certainly would have known to wear an appropriate suit (perhaps even with pants).On the other hand, In 100 degree-60% humidity-Las Vegas--where I spent $700 on dinner for two at Nobu the night before (and wore shorts)--this restaurant owes it to make this requirement clear up front.  In the end, I found these people to be snooty jerks.  And frankly, LeCirque can't credibly "put on airs" that "it's not catering to Vegas tourists"...  at least to me, it's somewhat "gauche" for a restaurant "of this caliber" to bait $70 prix fixe dinners to fill the tables.
5	The are high class restaurants and then there's Le Cirque.  I went in with very high expectations and definitely was not disappointed.  The dining room is small with welcoming with art from the circuses of the old days.  The views outside of the restaurant are spectacular because it is of the fountains of Bellagio.  The staff caters to your every need and is very educated and friendly.  The make you feel welcome and special.  Then there's the food.  The taste was impecable and the presentation was beautiful.  I had the beef tar tar for appetizer, the lamb chops for main course and the Grand Marniere souffle (best souffle by far I've ever had) for dessert. The little present for my girlfriend of a small jewerly box filled with chocolate truffles at the end was the cherry on top of the cake.  It was perfect.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants and evening they will remember for a while.
5	cant beat the foie gras here...
1	Awful. Went with 6 other goodies and it was a joke. Service, food, timing...no. Spend your $ at Guy Savoy or Picasso if you're in LV.
4	This place has the best Le Cirque  on the planet. i once waited an hour in line, but was happy to do so because the food is so insanely good.
5	First off,  this place is expensive,  but it was totally worth it.  The restaurant is beautiful and elegantly done.  The wait staff was amazing,  and I do mean amazing! We had a lot of fun with them.  They are from all over the world. We did the tasting menu,  and it was delicious!  Everyone one of the 5 courses was above average.  Hands down the best thing,  was the risotto with the black truffles on top.  I will forever dream of it.  Definitely  worth the money!  The desserts were beautiful and equally as tasty.  I would recommend this restaurant to everyone,  but I know not everyone can afford to eat here.  (it was our anniversary dinner)An awesome some meal and experience.
5	My favorite restaurant for VERY special occasions - the staff is amazingly helpful and friendly and the food is simply exquisite every time!
5	Excellent restaurant. I had the foie gras, lamb chops, and chocolate ball. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	We enjoyed an epic meal at Le Cirque last night. From beginning to end it was a delightful experience. Fun and helpful wait staff, knowledgeable sommelier, even the woman who bussed our table was cool. The lobster salad was fantastic, as was the escargot. I had the sea bass and my friend had the sole, both were excellent. Do NOT miss the dessert souffle!
4	Frome the Famed Maccioni Family Comes their Las Vegas Outpost in the Bellagio Resort.  Beautiful location in the hotel overlooking the much revered Fountains.  Le Cirque is beautifully appointed & holds true to their standards of their namesake location in Manhattan.  Great service & accomidating staff coupled with an attention to detail & customer service lends itself to this restaurant couple that with an impressive & ever evolving menu & you have a restaurant worth spending a special evening, to remember!  The platings are literally works of art. They have a new executive chef & I cannot wait to see his craft represented on the plate. Almost forgot to speak about the impressive wine list. Go experience it you won't be disappointed!
5	This is for sure my best food experience in Vegas....ever! The service (Carl is awesome!)was impeccable and the food was amazing. The Hamachi was very delicate and delicious. The lobster was probably the best lobster I've ever had. I thought if try Rabbit for my first time, it was so delicious and made me a believer. For desert I had the Financier, it had pistachio and chocolate ganache amongst other flavors that slipped my mind, probably because I  had a couple cocktails. Overall, awesome restaurant, I always stay at the Bellagio and will definitely come back!!
5	Excellent food, drinks, service and atmosphere. Extremely pleasurable experience. Would return to Las Vegas just to dine here.
5	Absolutely loved my dining experience!  The food was all so delicious...but there are lots of restaurants with fantastic food.  What made this place extra special was the friendly and very helpful wait staff.  The sommelier was full of stories about the wine and about life....our waiter (the redhead!) gave his honest opinion and critique about the food....his main concern was our dining experience, not getting us to order the most expensive thing.  (What a concept!)But....if you're the type that doesn't want to talk to the wait staff and just wants to concentrate on the meal....you won't be disappointed!  Each dish was full of intricate favors, and was beautifully presented.  I ordered the wine pairing which made it even better!I definitely would recommend this place, and want to return soon!
4	What a wonderful dining experience we had at Le Cirque.  You are taken care of the moment you walk in the door.  The most attentive staff, delicious food, elegant and upscale decor.  My husband and I were quite impressed and would definitely go back for another go at some point in the future.The meal started off with this delicious amuse bouche - a chilled corn chowder.  I didn't think I'd want to eat a cold soup, but this was divine.  First course was my absolute favorite.  Chose the seasonal risotto, which currently it was topped with shaved white truffle.  HEAVENLY.  The risotto was perfectly creamy, the truffle decadent and rich.  I wanted to eat it all, but knew I had more food coming and most definitely didn't want to get too full too fast.  Sadly I had to give them a 2/3 empty bowl back, and my heart literally broke.My husband loooooooves foie gras, so I knew before he opened his mouth he was about to order the seared foie gras.  All he kept saying throughout the course was this was how foie gras was supposed to taste.  I'm pretty sure that meant he approved.Second course was the Maine Lobster.  This came in the form of lobster tail, lobster cake and a couple of lobster claws.  Accompanied by a mushroom and squash side.  I didn't eat much of the side - not because it wasn't good but because it didn't excite me like the lobster did.  You know, saving room and all that.  The lobster cake was like a crab cake and was very savory.  I did like the tail, but I wasn't over the moon with it like I was the risotto.  But let's face it: how hard is it to top a 5-star risotto?  Very.Hubby got the wagyu beef with bone marrow fondant.  We didn't talk much during this course.  He cleaned his plate.  That's enough evidence for me.Last course was the roasted pineapple/white chocolate mousse/mango sorbet thing.  It was the perfect ending.  Not too rich - the tart sweetness of the pineapple balanced out the creamy mousse.  An excellent blend of flavors.  My husband had the chocolate Grand Marnier souffle, which he thought was spectacular.Surprisingly, I didn't make myself miserable with food and walked away regretful that someone in the kitchen was in possession of the rest of my risotto.  Ah well.  It was definitely a meal to remember, that's for sure.
5	Just fabulous! Definitely  in my list. My husband brought me here for our 3rd year anniversary and this place is just perfect! We had their tasting menu with 6 courses not including the chef's choice of soup. We started with the Ruinart Champagne with our seat right next to the window overlooking the dancing fountain. The highlight of my dinner was the foie gras although everything was great too.  Service is spot on and ambiance is perfect with intimate small amount of tables. Great food with wide selections of wines, great service, and fabulous view.
5	Amazing food, amazing service and ambience. A favourite among all  the options Vegas has to offer.
5	5 star.Perfect service, food amazing.They have the Truffle of Alba... That s awesome. The best restaurant in Vegas for quality of service, food and it s very quite.There isn t the Music. ( FINALLY a place where you can talk)Highly reccomended.
1	Too bad there is not less than 1 star for this restaurant.  For a $ 1500.00 dinner bill we all expected not to ask for the wine list (3) times.  You want a Red Bull?  Try asking four times before it finally comes.  The food was very expensive and definitely not worth it.  The attitude from the staff appeared to be that you were putting them out.  This restaurant must survive on reputation (NY) and the place to be seen.  I was not impressed and encourage you to look elsewhere.
1	This is such a bummer for me to write because I've had a great meal at Le Cirque before but last night was truly terrible. We had a reservation for 6 people, all doing the tasting menu at 8pm. The dining room was half empty. Brett Michaels (yes, that Brett Michaels...) and some ladies walked in and clearly took our table despite not having a reservation. Fine. That sort of thing happens. But then the hostess left us at the bar for 45 minutes past our reservation time- no apology, no acknowledgment that this was incredibly rude and inconsiderate. She would only say that there was nothing she could do when we asked when we would be seated. The entire time we were sitting there looking at empty tables. We wound up making a reservation at Michael Mina from the bar and going there. Absolutely jaw dropping from this sort of restaurant.
5	Pre-show dinner with wine pairing...it ends up about $300 for 2 people, but it really is a great deal. It's a world-class dining experience, and the "nicest" restaurant I've ever been to. They also had us out in plenty of time for a 7:30 show, and we never felt rushed.The ambience wasn't just nice, it felt like something special and unexpected. Very cozy but classy at the same time. Service was fantastic. Attentive, unpretentious waitstaff who were perfectly willing to make selections for you. The food was great. In particular, the beef tartare was delicious (though I've never had it before and can't compare). Also had escargot, the filet, and the seabass. They were all great.This place exceeded my already high expectations, and was part of a very memorable evening. Highly recommended.
5	What a superior restaurant. I have enjoyed many wine pairing meals over the years but this was one of the absolute best. The service was incredibly friendly and the food and wine was first class. I look forward to the next time we get to dine here. The degustation tasting menu was our dinner and every pairing was perfection.
5	5 stars. Definitely a lot different than the other la cirque in NYC. I like this one more because it is so unique. You will never go to a restaurant like this again. Going here then going to the cirque du solei is a night to remember
5	We bet a Thanksgiving dinner on Le Cirque and won big! 10 out of 10 for the set menu that started with lobster salad, proceeded to foie gras poelee -- amazing, light flavors with no "liver-y" tang -- scallops, and the wagyu beef that was unbeliveably rich. (You'll appreciate the small portions by the time you are done.) We dined with a 10-year-old, and the service was delightful and not at all stuffy; we were incredibly well taken care of in a friendly manner that made it a great family night. This meal was the focus and highlight of our trip to Las Vegas...stay in a cheaper hotel and eat at Le Cirque!
5	Absolutely spectacular - delicious food, fabulous wait staff - Maurice and Brett were memorable - made us comfortable yet well taken care of!!Largest serving of lobster I have ever had - perfect wine pairing for dinner.  Will definitely go back on a future visit to Las Vegas.
2	We did my aunts birthday dinner, considering it being 5 star restaurant, their service was crappy. My aunt turned 90, you know it's a big one, we made a reservation and asked for the special cake(of course we verified the price and everything) they couldn't find a damn cake for a while. I saw a hostess writing it down, "party of 10 with chocolate bday cake" when we got there, she asked us back, "oh did it write it down? Oh we are sorry, we can't find it right now" what the hell. It was frustrating, they could find the cake for a while. And then the waiter spilt water on my uncle. To top it off, there's no garnish or anything on your food, if you order piece of meat, that's all you are gonna get. And my aunt, she loves lamb, that's why we picked here and we confirmed before that they had lamb, but on her birthday, when we got there, they said there was no lamb that day, it's seasonal item. Again, it's her 90th birthday, how often does that come? That was the whole point, lamb and the cake for her. They really need to do something about their service. We spent more than a grand in there, and they almost ruined my aunts birthday. God what a disaster.
4	Fancy french restaurant. Nice place to take your date to. A little pricey but tasty food. the creme brulee is delish.
1	Service is ok. Not very good food...no favor. Will never come back...not recommended.
