4	The Blue Diamond Saloon is a dive bar by all means. It does not serve food, so you should probably eat before you go, otherwise you will be eating McDonald's while drunk. There are usually heaps of specials on any night. Lucky for us, we went on a Saturday, so it was ladies night. Ladies get 2 for 1 drinks and that is amazing since they are not that expensive to begin with. So we got a bucket of 5 domestic beers for 12 dollars, 6 mixed drinks, and two beers on tap for 40 dollars. With the 10 dollars we spent on shuffleboard, it was a great way to spend a Saturday for 5 people. It is dark, smoky, and minimalistic, but that is the charm of this place. There is a dart board with areas which adds another challenge to the game. The two pool tables don't seem to have any defects. The highlight of this place is the shuffleboard. It is fun to get a group of people together and play while talking smack. On top of that, my partner and I came back from a 14 point deficit to clinch the victory leading to my lose free night. BOOYAH!
4	How do I sum this place up?  Oh, I know: dim, smoky, dive bar.Now, I'm sure you're thinking "Jack, that's not a place I would expect you to be at."  Well, you're right.  i come here for a few reasons though.1) The drinks are cheap.  Almost every night seems like Ladies Night with 2-4-1 drinks.  They're not normally that expensive anyways.2) The bartenders are friendly.  Sure, they ID all of us every time, even though we're all 25-ish, but can't fault them for doing their job.3) Tabletop shuffleboard.  I first played it down in Florabama, and been hooked on it ever since.  And these tables are hard to come by; I've only seen 2 since.  a game will cost $1.50, and if you don't know how to play, the bartender will show you.  It's a game of finesse, not power, and it's like golf: you can always go "one more round" to get a better score.There is also a pool table and dartboard (although some regions of said board don't register).Wednesdays are Karaoke nights.  Come sing something!  Your name is entered into a drawing, and one of my buddies won a can of soup for singing Timewarp.
4	Love this place for Chiefs games.  We wander over to this side of town for just about all of them.  The bartenders are awesome and remember who you are and what you drink after your first time there.  The owners and staff from their other bars are often here too and are nice as can be.They don't really serve food, but there will often be some random potluck servings or pizza ordered in for the football games.  And they don't mind a bit if you bring in your McD's from across the parking lot.The token minus one star is primarily for how overtly smoky the place is.  It is your typical corner dive bar though, so it's not too surprising.  Just plan to change clothes after a few hours there.
1	very unhappy with our first visit.  Walked in the establishment and thought, wow what a great locals place.  Played a bit on the video poker machines. Not too bad in play, but when all said in done, played about 90.00 along with giving back about 60.00.  Received 5 beers on play. (90.00) or original play. After returning our key and said thanks to bar tender went into the parking lot.  Before we were able to leave, the bartender came running out and said we had a tab.  We were surprised because we never received any type of a slip in our glass.  When we told her we played 80.00 and left her a tip she through a fit as if we were trying to rip her off.  We are locals and have been playing around town for a long time.  We have never been treated like that before.  There are too many local places to go with good service to put up with that.
4	This is my husband's favorite local bar. He likes this place because they have everything he looks for in a bar. He likes the fact that they have a shuffle board, darts, pool tables, and jukebox. The bartenders there are very friendly.I wouldn't suggest this bar for anyone who is looking for pretty ambiance with pretty cocktails. If you are looking for a place to have 9-10 beers because you had a bad day at work OR if you are looking for a place to have 9-10 beers because you had a good day at work, this is the place to go!
4	my favorite dive in vegas!
5	I love BDS!  The staff and regulars are really what makes this place but they definitely have a little bit of everything.Video poker, of course, as well as pool tables, darts, Golden Tee & shuffleboard, as well as TVs for sports - it draws a pretty good crowd for football games without being overtly packed.On the plus side, they just opened a kitchen and the food is delicious!  Nothing too fancy, but so yum.  I'm sure it's about to get a lot busier at BDS in the near future...
5	Super friendly bartenders! We will definitely come back!
5	Cheap beer, excellent service, clean bathroom,and shuffleboard! I LOVE this place!
4	"Bar Slut Eyes Are Upon Ye!"From the outside, Blue Diamond Saloon looks like a retirement home for switchblade users. It's behind a gas station, on a dusty corner, and abreast some future tumbleweeds. It's a weather-beaten shack really, and people as cowardly as me should not venture in. But venture in I did, courtesy of a few shots of courage I'd swilled a few minutes prior.Inside I was surprised at the roominess. Long bar, TV screens, some sort of game that looked like raised shuffleboard. I 007'd my way to the bar, eyes of bar sluts upon me.I was feeling a Bloody Mary, and not the kind whose name you repeat three times over.A blonde of indeterminate age sexpotted her way over, inquiring what it was I pined.I stared at her rack, pinching my inner thigh to stem what I really wanted to say. "How about a Bloody Mary?" I said."Spicy?""Sure," I said.I looked around as she built my current desire.Very clean. Orderly. I tried to get a sense of the sports vibe. Couldn't figure it out.I cleared my throat. "Is this bar themed with a specific NFL team?"Blondie looked at me. "Kansas City Chiefs." She looked at me with new interest. "Is that all right?"I laughed. "As long as it's not a Dallas Cowboys bar."She laughed with gusto, put down her project, and came over to high five 007.When she went back to her shaker I noticed it was taking her a while to assemble my drink. But as I watched, I suddenly realized why. She was doing it RIGHT.Vodka and red mix aside, this blonde was putting in celery salt, Worcestershire, Tabasco, horseradish, black pepper. The works. By jingo.And when she brought that beautiful elixir over and I sipped, oh my goodness I thought I was going to soil myself.So hot, so tangy, so perfect. Almost like yours truly...."How is it?" she asked moments later."Like a Tijuana hooker full of love juice," I quipped. (Quipping is something I do.)And of course she got a good laugh from that.Minutes later I ordered another. This time a double. I sipped and watched as she scolded a regular for using foul language.When I finished sucking Mary and swallowing her juices I left a few bucks and departed.Outside, I kicked aside a tumbleweed, adjusting the tape on the switchblade affixed to my ankle.They really had no idea who I was, did they?But I'll be back.For I need to drink a bleeding Mary.Again, again, and again....
5	FUN FUN FUN!  Even though it's in the middle of nowhere, it's worth the drive. We came for a friends going away party, and although scary at first once you enter, the cheap drinks and juke box makes up for it! They have a super friendly staff and the cocktails were fun. I loved that they make their own Ginger ale for my vodka drink. There are a few games the boys can play while the girls drink and dance. The guys played shuffleboard and pool and there are machines too. There is no pretense and they welcome everyone! Only downside no food, but there is a Mc Donalds and Chevron next door if you need some treats.  I will be defiantly be going again for a random night of fun. We play DJ on the jukebox, they have every song imaginable! This girls going back
4	Eh...This place isn't too bad. I wasn't expecting much when I decided to go; the place looks a bit run-down like it's been around since the old western days or something. However, I was a bit surprised. The place was fairly clean and quite spacious on the inside. They had nice looking pool tables, a dart board, and plenty of misc. entertainment. The crowd looked a little rough and it's clear that the regulars run the place. They ALWAYS has some type of special going on and usually different day by day according to something they had hanging up around the place. The bar is really smokey with really dim lighting on the inside. It's dive-bar'esk. The place is pretty cool though. There aren't a lot of options out here in this area so there is a good chance I may be back. But overall, it's just another bar. Also, the bartenders were super friendly and appear they have been working at the bar for quite some time.
1	Before I start getting "compliments" about this review, I'm going to say this now, I get it, it's a bar, it's gonna be smokey. This place took it to a whole new level. Upon hitting the first set of double doors to enter, I could already smell cigarette smoke. As we enter and make our way to the bar, I felt like we were two sheep entering a pack of wolves to group of construction workers playing pool. We ordered a couples drinks, $12 for 3 cocktails. Nothing "dive bar" about this place. When I think of a dive bar, there is something that gives it it's charm. Take Champagne Cafe, the velvet wallpaper, the tacky karaoke, stories of DeNiro hanging out while filming Casino. None of that here. There is a shuffleboard and a couple pool tables, a juke box (not touch tunes) and that's about it. They don't serve food (I wouldn't take my chances, all I can picture is some guy flipping burgers with a cigarette hanging out of his mouth and the ashes about to fall in the food). McDonald's is in the same parking lot, so that's your only option. I couldn't finish my second drink, I was physically getting ill, in the time it took me to drink one cocktail, the hag next to me smoked half a pack of cigarettes. Definitely not my kinda bar.
5	BDS! My regular spot to grab a shot and a cold beer. Perfect spot if your riding down blue diamond or just looking for a cheap spot to grab a drink. Pool tournaments every Thursday!!!
4	I came here for the first time and I loved it! The bartender was very nice and made great drinks. We played shuffle board and were able to play as long as we wanted to without getting bumped off. I want to go back again!
