5	Lots of options for people for people with food allergies. Everything is gluten free, and they clearly list any other potential allergens on the labels. They also have quite a few vegan options. This location serves coffee, although I haven't yet tried it
5	I just went here and was so amazed, I had to post. This place opened up near my house, so I finally got a chance to go in. Not only were the employees super nice and helpful, I was wowed by the selection. I have to be gluten, peanut, and and dairy free, but I also like to stay soy free as well. Unless I make it myself, I usually don't eat it...which can be tiring. This place had such a great selection of items, including gluten, soy, dairy, nut, and egg free items. I tried a sample of the cinnamon sugar donut. It was really good. I almost bought it, but had already settled on chocolate chip cookies and cupcakes. The owner even let me try a cupcake...crazy! Both taste great!  Great service, great selection, great food - and they have sandwiches?
5	They have my all-time favorite bagel. I eat gluten sadly, but their bagel is still the best, even superior to gluten packed bagels. Its not too big, not too airy and missing substance, just right. They are so polite and always express their gratitude for my business.
5	Exceptional bakery. The baked products are delicious as well as the sandwiches that are made with only the finest and freshest ingredients. The bakery offers pre made delectable pastries and breads, pizzas and dough to make your own. They always have a wide variety in which to choose. The other location in Scottsdale bakes cakes for special occasions. I highly recommend trying them. They offer gluten free and vegan too.
5	I. Love. This. Place. I have been GF for about a year (not by choice). I was so glad to find them.  Best GF bagels I have tasted, Cheddar Jalapeno specifically. Recently I got to try some of their Maple Bacon Donuts, in all their mapley-bacony goodness!! Sandwiches are tasty. Awelicious bread is really delicious as are their awelicious buns. I love their cupcakes too! NUM! Everything I have tried is wonderful. Service is always very good. Several local eateries use their GF foods, like US Egg and Spinato's for example. More eateries are listed on their website. Did I mention that I love this place?
4	A great place to buy baked goods, including a wonderful assortment of bagels and breads, for those with food allergies. Sandwiches on menu could be improved a little. Everything I have purchased to use at home has been delicious!!
5	Went here again last week. I bought the gluten-free dairy free soy free egg free chocolate chip cookies - delicious!! And the cinnamon sugar donuts? Maybe one of the best things I've ever eaten. Really addicting! I love this place.
5	AMAZING! My husband and I got the sprinkled doughnuts and they are to die for. The employees are beyond sweet as well. Would absolutely recommend!
5	Charming place off 32nd St. near Shea. Very nice people and reasonable prices. Lots of organic treats plus The entire store is gluten-free.
5	We love this place!!!! I have a child with Celiac. Our favorite is the Awelicious Bread. I have visited 2 locations and this is the closest to me. They have a small breakfast and lunch menu which we have enjoyed. Last time I was there though they did not have a soda fountain. So if you want a drink they have canned soda or bottled water in a small fridge. They also have coffee of course. Their prices are a little high, however, they also cater to other allergies such as egg and dairy so it's worth it I think.The customer service is always great and on my first visit, they gave me a few different samples of bread so I could choose what I wanted. They always have other samples available and my kids love to visit because of it! It is so comforting to know this place exists.
5	Folks here are extremely nice, helpful, and sensitive to dietary needs. My wife just recently found out she has celiac and gluten free is quite the adjustment to our life. The lady was very helpful with information.
5	My wife and I love this place.  The bread is the best. This is our new favorite spot for lunch.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about allergies. go figure. finally.  thank you
