5	Ok McAlister's, you get your 5 stars for service.  Everyone there is overly friendly and helpful.  You also get 5 stars for the amount of staff you have on hand, the speed of service, and the cleanliness of the place.  I also enjoy the ginormous drinks that are refilled for you without you having to get up.What I don't like is the menu.  There are just too many choices.  Also, it is a mish mash of stuff that is difficult to wrap my head around.  Looks like their thing is sweet tea, baked potatoes, salads, and deli sandwiches.  The place kinda sorta looks like a sports bar so it is all a very strange combination to me.I've been there twice so far and have thoroughly enjoyed my salad and sandwich each time.  The ingredients look to be fresh and the portions are good.
5	I know, I know...it's a chain.  But it's in the hood and it's GOOD!!  We have been there a handful of times and mostly like everything we have ordered.  I love that you can choose 1/2 and 1/2; meaning 1/2 salad, cup soup, 1/2 spud, 1/2 sandwich and use ANY combination.  That means you can try 2 different salads, 2 different sandwiches, salad & sandwich, salad & spud, etc.  Here's what I've had so far:Savannah Chopped Salad:  Mmmmm... gorgonzola cheez....The ingredients were fresh but I would recommend changing the dressing to ranch.  Not a fan of the sherry shallot.The Smokey Pepper jack Turkey grilled Sandwich:  Melts in your mouth!  There is a little tang but lots of flavor.  You can taste the bacon in every bite.Spicy Southwest Chicken Griller:  The Chipotle Ranch is a little sassy!  Love it! I'm usually not a fan of "warm" guacamole (it comes on this sandwich and the sandwich is grilled) but it tasted fine and added that necessary "moisture", for lack of a better term, to the sandwich.Cobb Club:  MY FAV!!!  It states on their online menu that they add mayo but I'm pretty sure the one here uses Light Mayo, which I love!  The gorgonzola (mmmmmmm.....) makes this sandwich pop in your mouth.  It's a perfect combo of all these ingredients without being too much.Mac & Cheez:  You can get this as a side.  I have a rule to try the mac & cheez wherever I go.  This one was creamy enough but had a weird, industrial, mass-produced taste to it.  Not nearly as bad as some I've had.  Would I order it again?  Maybe...Bacon/Cheez Spud:  Holy crap these things are huge!  I didn't know potatoes could grow that large.  It took three meals to finish it, as a side dish of course, but so worth it.  There are still more items I'd like to try.  They have special takeout parking so it's easy to get in and out.  Happy eating all!
3	My wife took me here for the first time and I really enjoyed the McAlister Club Sandwhich and Mac N' Cheese. Good stuff, a bit pricey but good.
4	New place in our neighborhood. Went to try it out and was pleased. It has nice seating areas and everything we tried we liked. We will go back. Better than Paradise Bakery which has gotten sort of old.
4	I haven't been to a McAlister's in about ten years, and while I don't remember liking it very much, they have changed a bit.  I've been to this location twice and enjoyed it both times.  Tonight I got the choose two with a bacon spud and grilled roast beef sandwich.  Both were great!  I would get them again.  Fast, friendly, and cheap.  What more could you ask for?
3	I just moved up the street, had a coupon and figured I'd give McAlisters a shot. Here are my thoughts:Pros: Dine in food prepped quickly. Good strong iced tea. Nice new, clean dining area.Cons: The menu is very hard to read (very small type) albeit extensive. I had the half veggie sandwich and the half SW Cobb. The sandwich was blah, but overwhelmed by green bell pepper which I picked off. The salad was nothing special either. The chicken tasted like microwave grocery store bagged chicken. I picked most of it off, it was so rubbery. The dressings came on the side, which I appreciate, but neither was memorable.Bottom line, without a coupon, I don't think it is worth it, but may give it a 2nd chance and try a spud. Til then, I'll stick with Cafe Zupas up the street.
2	Living in New York has really raised my standards on Deli's. I would say this is about the same as any basic bodega in New York. Would be just as happy with a subway sandwich
5	First time trying this place, always see their ad on the bus stop when I drive by and I'm so glad I stopped in! The employees were great and the food was yummy. What made it a 5 star for me was the manager. When I was ordering he told me kids eat free Tuesday, and I should order something for my 2 year old. I got him the pita pizza and he seemed to like it pretty well. I tasted it and it was quite good. It was nice to see other options on the kids menu besides the traditional Mac n cheese or chicken strips... it came on a whole wheat pita too! The coleslaw was also good - not dry like a lot of places are making it now.I will definitely be back to try a panini next time!
5	I always get the sweet chipotle chicken grilled sandwich - love it. Staff is so helpful, cheerful and great. The baked potato spuds are AWESOME. This is one of my regular lunch spots.
3	Pretty good, not memorable.  They said it was a chain headquartered in Mississippi.  That could explain it.  Nice staff though.
4	I love the friendliness of the staff here. They are more than accommodating. I like the variety of food and the portions are wonderful--always plan to take home some! The tea is so great--reminds me of my Tennessee home! The only drawback would be entering and exiting if they are busy...it's a little cramped getting past the line. Great experience AND a coupon to enjoy again!
2	I've never been here before and I was really craving a chicken salad, so I gave it a shot.  I was forewarned that I wouldn't be writing home about it anytime soon, but I still tried it out.  Definitely was not impressed.  The food was edible, but the management of this place seems nonexistent.Everything is done on one register, including drinks and to-go.  My to-go order took me almost 10 minutes in line to even pay for because the employee had one speed: losing the race against sap.  I called in ahead of time for a to-go and ordered the southwest cobb.  I asked for it to be tossed so I didn't get home with not enough dressing.  That was somehow difficult for them because the only thing not tossed within the salad was the dressing.  Umm, okay...?  The chicken on the salad was so cold that I think parts of it were actually still frozen (gross).  There was a significant amount of tough spots and fat on it to add (gross gross).  The salad altogether was just meh.It really seems like they bought everything from Walmart and created a deli to put the groceries together in different ways and jack the price up while they're at it.  Overall, I think I would be more satisfied with Paradise Bakery on their worst day.
2	I love the peach tea, which is what made me return here.  That being said, I ordered the new BBQ pulled pork sandwich. There was barely any meat on the sandwich at all.  If you want to eat bread, with a flavoring of BBQ sauce, then go for it.  But for $8-$9 for a sandwich, there should be meat.
3	Was there for dinner 10/18/13.  Ordered two stuffed potatoes.  Both potato skins tasted like they had been in the warmer too long, burnt and crunchy, instead of crispy.  Stuffings were generous and tasty.  Carrot cake for dessert was excellent, as were the tea and lemonade.  Might try again at lunch.
5	The southwest chicken salad is amazing. The half muffalata and cup of gumbo is also really good. The staff at this location is very friendly and accommodating. While it is a self service restaurant, the staff constantly walks around to see if you need drink refills or if there is anything they can get you. Its good food at a great price and has become a regular weekend lunch spot for me. The tea is also really good if you like tea. Coupons are regularly available for 3.00 off an entree from money mailer so make sure to look for one before going, but if you find it online it must be printed.
4	I got the Southwest Cobb and my husband got half a New Yorker and a cup of chicken dumpling soup. My salad was huge and soooo good. The lettuce was extremely fresh and green. I loved every bite of it. I had a bite of my husband's sandwich and the meat was tender and flavorful. I enjoyed his soup, but he didn't like it. He expected real dumplings, like the biscuit kind, but instead they were more like noodles. The soup was also very thick like they added a lot of cornstarch instead of creamy like I would think chicken and dumpling soup would be. Still good, just not quite what one expects. But overall, I would definitely come back.
2	I really wanted to like this place, after all, it is within 1/2 mile of my home.  But alas, the experience was lackluster and I'm not sure I'll give it a 2nd shot.We went there for lunch. They were very busy. The counter staff was friendly and patient, competent overall.  But my 2 stars has nothing to do with the congenial staff, or the clean, bright dining area- these would rate 4 stars. It was the marginal food, and that's what gets the 2 stars. And I think you are reading this review, thinking "what's good to eat?" NOT "who's gonna be sweet to me at the counter?" . So I'll be honest and hopefully help McAlister's to improve, OR save you some dining bucks.I got a Reuben, one of my favorites. Something about the sandwich, either the bread or the meat, tasted like it had been frozen and defrosted.  The meat was very salty but without much other flavor.  My dining companion had a half sandwich/soup combo and, while I cannot remember what he ordered, he commented before I did that he has definitely had better.  Ironically, we could see Chompie's out the window, across the street, where they make a killer Reuben.  So, will I go back? Maybe, if a group of friends is going and someone else has pre-selected. But I'm not likely to try it again. There are too many excellent places nearby to chance mediocrity a second time.  Next time I want a Reuben, I will be at Miracle Mile, Chompie's, or Sacks.
5	My favorite lunch place - when in doubt, go to McAlister's! The food is always top notch and of all the things I've tried, I've never eaten anything I didn't like. The Savannah Chopped Salad is a favorite as well as the Four Cheese Griller. The spuds are great ( huge) so I get it as the Choose 2 combo with a salad and half a spud and it's a perfect lunch. The service is always good and it's nice to be greeted as a regular. Oh, and the fresh, baked-daily cookies? A fabulous way to cap off lunch.
5	Went for first time yesterday and VERY impressed! Tons of meat on a great tasting sandwich. Delicious potato salad. The prices were very fair. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items.
5	McAlisters not only has fabulous items on their menu, but this location has a wonderful team of people working there!  They are truly service oriented...they want to make everything just right for you whether you are rushing with a take out order, or staying and chatting for a leisurely lunch.  Love to have discovered this yummy lunch spot!  Love the Savannah Salad!  I also love that you can order (and pay!) online.  Great idea....multiple people can order and pay online, while one person goes to pick up the take out order!
5	Best food and customer service! Cody is the man! I guarantee Every time we come back into town we WILL be here! Thanks Cody and teamLove, the Dawls Shawl Dawls
5	Absolutely love this place! The staff is incredible, and the food is always great! We eat here weekly and have never had a poor experience.
4	Love the choose 2 option. They are polite and the employees and managers here do a good job of keeping it clean. The spuds are awesome.
2	The food has been consistently decent (except for one severely overcooked potato), but the service consistently average to non-existent. Today I waited in a growing line while one employee continued to fumble through orders while 3 plus employees, including a "shift leader" stood by doing nothing but watching. I had to wait an absurd amount of time for two simple sandwiches. The employee who finally brought out my to go order said, "sorry about the long wait", but what good does that do me after killing a half an hour waiting on two sandwiches when I could have gone to Jersey Mike's AND Jimmy John's in that same amount of time.  Chompies is right across the street, so I'd rather wait that long to support a local business.
4	I'd like to update my last review. The GM, Kody, is a class act. He reached out to me right away and has used this situation as a training tool.  I hope to see continued improvement in the future. Thanks, Kody!
5	Well, well, well! Yes- I've had a change of heart about McAlister's and I will be all to happy to tell you how I went from 2 stars to 5 stars!I heard from Kody, this location's GM, who expressed his concern that we weren't happy with our first visit. He offered me two vouchers to come in and try them again, and made some menu suggestions as well. Sooo... about a month after receiving these my husband and I decided to try lunch at the same McAlister's.As before, it was busy at lunch, but the staff was unfailingly polite. We ordered, selecting a French Dip and a Savannah Chopped Salad. We had iced tea and 2 cookies as well, all part of our free meal (thanks, Kody!).  OK, the salad was mine but my husband actually thought he should have half of it. Nope- that was a great salad and I did not want to share. While he munched on my salad, I stole some of his French Dip, was was excellent as well.  Somehow I only got half a cookie.  So, this visit was a great success and we agreed to come back again, and stick to the popular items on the menu and Kody's recommendations.Since that visit, I/we have been back at least SIX times (that's about every other week), usually take-out ordered online. The Savannah Chopped Salad is a favorite in our house- if things are busy I will order a couple and leave them in the fridge and they will be gone in 12 hours or less. What's on this awesome salad:  Crisped Greens, Dried Cranberries, Honey Roasted Almonds, Gorgonzola Cheese, Fresh Tomatoes, Cucumbers and Grilled Chicken. The Sherry Vinaigrette is the best dressing paired with this. This salad is appropriate to bring to an event if you get too busy to make your own dish- just pick up a couple of them and you'll be the hero!My mother has been with me on a couple of these take-out runs, and gets a cup of soup. She has commented that she loves their soups, a high compliment coming from a food particular woman who was/is an excellent cook.Iced tea is fresh! Cookies taste like homemade! I suggest that you try them out if you have not done so already. Ask what's popular and/or what the staff person's favorite items are if you are undecided, as the menu is large. And let them know if you don't like something- they will make it right.
4	Great food, awesome customer service!!! Sweet tea & turkey Ruben are my go to- amazing!!!
5	I am a regular.  Best sweet tea EVER!  I am a true Southerner that needs her sweet tea.  I buy it by the gallon weekly.  I love their French Dip and Chicken Salad on Croissant.  Love this place!
5	We had to wait a little while for food but the staff was all super friendly and the manager was going around giving free meals to all the customers who had to wait awhile for their food. Food was delish! Definitely recommend this place to anyone!
4	HUGE FREAKN SALADS!!! thats honestly all i remember about going. I got a sandwich there, it was pretty good. I remember feeling hungry afterwards though. Wish the sandwiches there were a bit bigger.
5	I love this place. I really don't like sandwiches very much but this place makes me break my rules. I love their cheese steak sandwich and pot roast sandwich. They have colossal spuds that are by far the worlds best. The menu is full of great eats.  They have the best sweet tea in town and that's no joke! Simply order your meal and relax a little cause this place is just as relaxing as being at home. I love coming to this place to meet people and for a sweet intimate date with my wife. You can keep your paradise bakery and wildflower bread company cause they don't compare. This place is sure to please whoever you to take with you.  P.S. Mike please open a franchise at the Chandler Fashion Center. I drive nearly 30 miles to eat with you all and would be here more frequently if you all were closer by. Chandler Fashion Center would be a great location because corporations such as Intel, Ebay, Fox, Expedia, etc... have corporate locations in less than 10 miles from that mall not to mention a lot of new housing. I can promise you that area is profitable as well as Scottsdale and Tempe. I really hope you plan to expand in the Phoenix metropolitan area! I am from Texas and places like Mcallisters would let people in the Phoenix area know what good food they are missing out on. Thanks for investing in Phoenix and bringing such a great place out here. I love it!
3	Nice deli with a lot of options.  Food is great.  Recommend trying some of the sandwiches.
4	A definite hidden Gem!! The wife and I stopped in for lunch one day and I instantly knew this was going to become one of my go-to's. The product is fresh, the portions are generous, and the staff is friendly. Well done and welcome to the neighborhood!
5	We are transplants from Memphis and we were thrilled to see McAllisters come to town. Their tea alone is worth the 22 mile trip from our home, but their salads, sandwiches, and spuds are terrific! We have never had anything we didn't like and there aren't many places in Phoenix to get a good Muffaletta!
5	Great sandwiches! Lots of flavor and their bread is so fresh. They do not skimp on the ingredients. Potato salad is like grandma use to make. Highly recommend if you want a really good sandwich.
1	Most times the food has been okay. But last night the baked potato was so over cooked. It was brownish color inside and extremely dry.
5	Went a couple days ago for the first time after hearing about this place from co-workers. With me being a very picky vegetarian, after looking at the menu I knew this was a place we had to go to. I got the veggie spud. The spuds are HUGE. So good. My bf got the French dip. He loved it. Definitely a place we will have to come back to.
4	This place was great. We stopped in for lunch and the word is out because the place was packed. The ice tea was great and I loved being able to chose a half sandwich and a half potato. They were both huge and I couldn't finish. I got the club sandwich and while hard to eat because of its size the ingredients were fresh and I really liked the Russian mustard. My spud was good too, I got the cheese and chicken one and it really hit the spot.I would try to avoid this place during prime time lunch rush (12-2:00pm) as it took a while to get our food, but it was worth the wait. You get a free cookie when you check in!
5	I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said. The service is great, the food is even better,  and the tea? I'm surprised tea that good and addicting is even legal.
5	McAlister's gets a 5 when you order their amazing Reuben!   Consistency every time!  Very warm and casual atmosphere with great service.  I do not think you can get a better Reuben for the price.  The side selection is awesome.  My favorite is the potato salad.  Note:  They have no problem adding coleslaw on the sandwich with the sauerkraut - I think its better that way.  I've gotten other sandwiches here and if I was rating on those I'd drop it to a 4 personally, stick to the Reuben if its your first visit!
4	Muffuletta and Reuben hit the spot
5	Great place to get lunch.
5	We just tried the four cheese chili cavatappi as part of the choose two lunch meal. This chili is awesome over the macaroni and the cheese adds a nice creamy texture. I paired the pasta with a smoky pepper jack turkey sandwich which is always one of my favorites. As always the ice tea is the best in town.
