5	Mary is amazing ! I've been coming to her for 3 years and I'll never go anywhere else. She very gentle and has my business for life !
5	I randomly found this place because I was nearby. I will be back! Mary is super knowledgable and helpful. Much cheaper than Face Logic, etc, for an equally great time. Very happy to be back soon.
5	I love going to see Mary. She's very good at what she does and caters facials etc to your needs and skin type. Also, always on time and very clean business. I've been getting my waxing and all skin care needs from Mary for years and will never trust or go to anyone else.
5	Mary is the most phenomenal Aesthetician. She caters to what your face and body needs. The energy she exudes is unlike any other. I will NEVER go to anyone else. Every time I leave, my face looks and feels amazing and I feel so happy because the environment and her calming personality. She maintains a very clean environment as well as uses only the best facial organic products. If you want only the best , she is the only person you need to see to cater to all your needs.
5	Amazing!!! Been getting facials and waxing since 2003! Will never consider going anywhere else.
5	If I could give Mary 10 stars I would!!! She is amazing, very efficient and personable. discovered this place because it was close to the airport and have found my go to for waxing when I'm in Vegas!! Thank you soooo much, you went the extra mile with me so appreciative for everything. Can't say thanks enough! I highly recommend her if your in the area  thanks again!!
5	Mary is amazing. I've been going to her for years. She always makes our wax sessions funny and as pain free as possible.
5	Great!  I brought my girlfriend here as a surprise because she always wanted to go to one of these things.  At first we were skeptical out because it was a little ways off the strip...BUT Mary welcomed us with open hands and my girlfriend L O V E D it!!! People are very professional and their facility is deceivingly large with quality results!
