4	Great wee bar which has ice cold beers and decent grub which is worth the price , staff are very friendly and they serve you quickly as well , all in all a good little pub with great atmosphere.
4	Another place I've been coming to for a large number of years and I currently seem to be in a cycle of going a lot more than usual (every night this weekend for example). They have a great range of well priced ales, knowledgeable and pleasant staff, an interesting original interior and, having finally eaten there last night, a good solid range of well priced food - I opted for salmon fishcakes which were just the right side of crispy outside and amply moist within whilst the thick chips were as good as I've had anywhere. A classic "local" if ever there was one. Ate here again at the weekend - haggis, neeps and tatties was well priced and well proportioned.
5	My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place during the winter and have since been back quite a few times. It is a lovely traditional pub tucked away on one of the streets in the New Town. It has a cosy wee snug that's only really got room for two or three people, so you can snuggle up to your love with a pint in private. The bar has a fantastic range of single malts and a good selection of real ales, the helpful barman will helpfully talk you through things if you're having trouble making up your mind. There's also a beer garden, so if the weather's nice you can enjoy a fag and a drink at the same time (what luxury!). This place feels like a little haven in the new town.
5	Just off the beaten track in New Town, you will find this gem of a pub. Inside is pretty large, stretching back quite a way and divided into little segments, offering a bit more privacy. The bar has a ridonkulous amounts of beers and spirits, including some great single malts. There are all the regular beers you'd want, including a healthy supply of Crabbie's, which has become my beer of the summer. To add to that they have rotating guest ales, adding a bit of variety. The last time I went they had Timothy Taylor's, always a favourite, and some Mexican beer with a gun wielding Speedy Gonzales-esque mouse as the logo. To be honest that sold it to me, but as an added advantage it was really good, like a limier Corona.If on the other hand, you're not an idiot and the image of a little Bandito mouse doesn't cause you to immediately buy whatever he's flogging, the barman is exceptionally helpful. With a sound knowledge of all the beers on tap he can instruct you which ones are for you, occasionally proffering a free taster if you're lucky.The real jewel in the crown of The Cumberland though is the garden. Shielded by a weeping willow, it completely cuts out all sounds from the street and is a nice peaceful area for a few summer drinks.
5	I have no idea how many times I walked by the Cumberland thinking "man that place looks cool, I really need to go there some time" before promptly forgetting where it was located and what it was called.  Fortunately for me, I have a friend who is very well versed in bars with great ambiance and great beer, so when he took us on a pub crawl one night, we ended up here.  The Cumberland lived up to every expectation I had.  It is much bigger inside than you expect, without feeling too big, if that makes sense.  As others have said, it is divided into several different rooms so you have a bit more privacy but there is still plenty of space to accomodate the large numbers of people who flock here on the weekends.  It has a wonderful variety of beers which the bartenders are more than happy to sample out so you are sure to get a pint you will enjoy.  It also has a fantastic beer garden which inevitably ends up packed at the first hint of sunlight, regardless of the temperature.  I actually walked by on my way home today and felt a bit sad that my stoatin' hangover prevented a visit.  There is always next weekend ...
4	A very good pub, especially on a fine day to make the most of their great beer garden & a wide array of on-tap ale/beer.
4	The Cumberland Bar, made famous in Alexander McCall Smith's, The World According to Bertie is one of the many New Town bars dedicated to serving really good beers in a relaxed atmosphere. In the past I have been a regular at the Monday night pub quizzes which are always well supported, helped by the free entry and the prize of a bottle of wine or a t-shirt for the team that finishes next to last.The bar has a good array of beers, including my own personal favourite, Black Isle Blond. However, there are always a steady flow of guest beers from small breweries which makes going back to the Cumberland a pleasure to try something new. There is a selection of pub food available which is OK in quality, nothing to shout home about but nothing you would complain about either.
5	One of my favourites - Fergus loves a visit here too. It's a great local, on our park route - and we get to walk home along the cycle path, through the old railway tunnel, which is always fab.Great range of beers, with Black Isle always on tap (Blonde - stay away from lagers and try this beauty!) and a good range of wee cubby holes to sit in, the big room at the back if you want a more typical pub vibe, or the garden if the sun's shining.For a real treat, I get a bowl of chips (classic chips, not curly fries) and douse them in vinegar (there's proper bottles of Sarson's - a good detail) to enjoy with my pint - and if Fergus is lucky, he gets a couple too.The staff are regular (isn't it lovely, to see familiar faces?) and really friendly - they love Fergus and always welcome him with a wee biscuit, the lucky boy. There's always a great selection of people - and dogs - in the Cumberland; it's a real slice of New Town life.
4	I really enjoyed coming to here during my 3 day visit.  Great neighborhood type of pub filled with friendly locals which I didn't have any trouble starting up conversations with.  There is a "huge" selection of beers here with perhaps my favorite being Black Isle.   The food was also really good here too!   If you happen to be staying at the Walton, this is a great place as it's just one short block away.  A great place to finish off the day after walking about Edinburgh.
5	Went here for an impromptu lunch the other day with my mum who has been raving about it for ages. It's absolutely gorgeous inside. It manages a wonderful balance of light and airy but also cosy and snug. We sat outside in the garden, and both ordered the same: a special of calamari and a side of chips. The calamari was so flipping good, the batter was really nice and it came with a salty salad and homemade garlic mayo which was incredible. The chips were really great and came with homemade mayo (this time plain) as well which was just brilliant.
4	I haven't tried the food, but their beer garden and the selection of single malts are the best things this side of town. Especially on a sunny day. It's a shame we're in the middle of Autumn now...
