4	Yes, this is a church, but on weekdays, they serve up an awesome lunch for under $10 of the best southern home-style cooking in the Queen City (cafeteria style).  I have eaten at this location and also the Beatties Ford Road location.  Fried or baked chicken, mac & cheese, home style veggies, sweet tea, and freshly made desserts (banana pudding, peach cobbler and various cakes) are all delish.  If you are looking for some really yummy comfort food, don't miss the UHOP!
2	I have frequented this place several times over the years and they have become hit or miss here recently.  I really think it depends on the day and who is cooking that will determine how good your meal will be.  I use to like coming here prior to panther games but on this visit the only thing that was on point was the fruit punch.......not a good look.  I had baked chicken, mac n cheese and green beans for $10.....it's also the same price for a toddler(really people?)......dry chicken, tasteless mac n cheese and canned green beans........they have got to step it up before I even think about returning.
4	My plate today...turkey wings, and my favorites cabbage and sweet potatoes (the veggies were the reason I stopped by) and the lemonade was delicious as usual.  I don't mind supporting churches trying to do good for the community and make a little money, but when this combination of food and drink equals $9.99, I know I need to take my business elsewhere.  Thank you UHOP for the memories.
4	I have to say its a good lunch spot and good pricing. Always busy and the Mac & Cheese is great!
3	As Demetria said, this place is definitely hit and miss. If you want some good eats, get here early. They tend to run out of the real goodies.Fried-chicken, when it isn't too overcooked/dried out, is a home run. I just wish they would perfect cooking it. I swear it alternates every other visit having it cooked perfectly.  Their six-cheese spaghetti is pretty good but can suffer the same fate at the chicken. Sides are plentiful to choose from. Mac-n-Cheese..same case as above. It's a home run if it hasn't been too burnt on top. Love their blackeyed peas and cornbread too. They might just have the best lemonade in Charlotte and I'm too scared to ask if it's just a brand-name mix. I really don't want to know. If you can bypass one of the volunteer's who fills up the drinks, you can make yourself a pretty slammin' Arnold Palmer.Speaking of the volunteers, they're always extremely friendly and will even give you an extra dollop of mac-n-cheese if you know how to charm 'em like I do. Be sure to tip at the register.Your pal,Walter
4	I enjoy going to HOP South.  The food is always great. Love the turkey wings and all of the freshly cooked veggies.  Parking can be a challenge sometimes...but for the most part whether eating in...or getting a meat and 2 to go it is a great lunch spot.
4	Sometimes this place can be a hit or miss. But when it's a hit...the turkey wings are really good. If I recall correctly, the pricing is about $10 bucks for a meat and two sides with a croissant or cornbread. The tea/lemonade combo are usually on point (but admittedly have had a hit or miss experience w/that as well). Overall, if it's a good day for the cooks AND servers, you'll enjoy the lunch outing.
3	I'm on somewhat of a "diet" considering my upcoming nuptials. But after the day is over, I'm venturing back and I'm going in......on the mac and cheese. O.M.G. Their mac and cheese looked sooooo creamy and cheesy. Okay, so on to what I actually ate. I had tilapia, which I'm trying to stay away from, but this was the only healthy "meaty" option. It was seasoned well. I had the green beans. Which were typical southern green beans with not a lot of salt but with a good of seasoning as well. Now the cabbage. Huuuu... the reason I had to take off a star. Well it was off. How can you mess up cabbage??!! Just throw some chicken stock or salt and pepper in that bad boy pot and call it a day! Nope, I have no idea what they put in the pot, but as small as the bowl is, I had two forkfuls and was done. I even tried to eat it with some fish and green beans. NOPE!.. didn't work. Ah well. My Supervisor told me it's normally good. Well NOT TODAY it was. I avoided the dessert line (again... diet), but they had a really good selection of cakes and pies. I'll have to try one next time... maybe. Trying to lay off the sugar. I took off another star for the service. I mean, it does look like a soup kitchen, but they could at least say, "Hey!", "What's up!", Not, "What you want?" I'm big on greetings. Just at least greet me and then you can keep it moving. Is that too much to ask?
