3	We were stumbling around Station Square before the happy hour rush and needed a little something to calm the nerves. Red Star seemed to fit the bill as it had cocktails, and a nice patio overlooking one of the main plazas. We sat on the patio for a really long time with no acknowledgment from the staff, so I walked up to the bar to order, and even that took a painfully long time. The drinks were good, quite generous with the good stuff, so can't complain too much. The interior had a good vibe, with plenty of TV's, a pool table, and such, and as we left, they were setting up a burger & beer station in front of the restaurant for the Friday night Station Square crowd. Overall, I'd be wary about stopping in during the day if you're in a hurry, but there are worse places to spend the afternoon.
3	Settled on this place after touring around the city because we happened upon it when we were hungry and thirsty. All the other places in this center looked a little too commercial or noisy.Bar Louie is a nice place. The music was a little loud inside but we sat out on the patio which offers a brilliant view of downtown. The food was actually pretty good for what is mostly a bar/club. I would have given this place one more star except that the service was a bit slow. Not bad, just annoyingly slow. Also, the bathroom has an attendant. This is just one of those things that really irks me in places like this. Because some guy has blocked the paper towels I have to tip him when he hands them to me. And no, I don't want to be prayed with cologne. Lame.If you can get a patio seat and avoid tipping somebody on restroom trips, this place is pretty cool.
2	I've been to this restaurant several times and they have a great outdoor patio and good weekday happy hour specials. Today, we decided to stop on the weekend.  Our server was just rude. We tried to be nice but she never even cracked a smile. I ordered mac & cheese and my husband ordered a 4 taco plate. We were both disappointed by the very small servings. We also ordered Blue Moon draft beers which cost $7.00 each, only 75 cents cheaper than beer at Heinz Field. The price was not published and we foolishly did not asked before ordering. At least the bathroom attendant was pleasant...
3	The place is large and spacious with a large bar.  The service was okay but it was the middle of the afternoon and there were not many people in the place.  The draft beer selection was most large commercial brews and were between 5-7 dollars. With a limited number of spots in the immediate area it is a fine place to have a drink.
2	I went to Bar Louie this past Friday for a happy hour.  I enjoy wheat beer so I ordered a Hoegarden, which I will say was fresh and delish at Bar Louie.  When our group arrived (around 5:30 PM) we were able to make conversation and hear each other easily, until they turned the music on really, really, really loud.  I must say that I'm really confused by this, b/c it's clearly NOT a dance club so I don't know why they turn the music so damn loud!?!?!At this point, we felt like we were screaming just to hear each other.  The selection of music was Top 40 which I like, but here's a suggession turn it down unless you want to clear out all the seating and change this from "Bar" Louie to "Club" Louie!
1	As we had done in previous years following a Steelers game, we came to this place as it was conveniently located from our hotel, the Sheraton Station Square. The eight of us sat in a booth that had a few dishes remaining from the previous customers. Around 15 minutes passed without anyone greeting us for service or removing the dishes. Finally a young girl came to take our order. She apologized and cleaned off our table.We ordered and then waited at least 30 minutes. A girl from our group went to question what was going on. Eventually the manager came out, apologized and said the food would be out in 3 minutes. At least 10 minutes passed. We questioned him again this time verbally expressing our irritation. He mentioned he fired 4 workers and took the blame. Regardless, we were all disgruntled.Then several minutes later the waitress came out and said she did not have any avocado and another ingredient and a few of our dishes could not be made. This was something they could have told us before we ordered and had to wait 40 or so minutes. One of the dishes that was supposed to have bacon came with baco bits instead. The manager agreed to not bill us for the few items we received and with that we got up and left.While I do give credit to the manager and particularly to the young girl who was apologetic and did her best despite the circumstances, I find this kind of service unacceptable. This place is clearly mismanaged and this level of service has convinced me to never ever come to this bar again.In order for this or any establishment to retain customers, it is important that they are fully prepared to service customers and if they are not then they at least communicate that to us early on so that our time is not wasted.
3	Great selection of Vodkas, Good selection of martinies, okay bar food, nothing special.
1	I'd give this place zero stars if possible. The service was terrible, and it took over 15 minutes just to order a drink. I wish I could get my order back. Their version of a bloody mary tastes like you put water in a pepper shaker and drank it. This Bar Louie is the same as the rest of them across the U.S. It's almost as if they are competing to see who can be the worst.My main question is: why would they build an outdoor patio next to railroad tracks that are still in use (and are used quite frequently by huge freight trains)?
1	My bf said I should be deducted yelp points for picking a place to eat purely on emotion and not checking yelp before. I would never had sat down knowing what I do know now. Service was very slow. We never had water, beer, silverware or napkins. The hummus app was good as always. The trio was gross. Guacamole awful. I ordered the sesame ahi tuna. It was cooked medium well and the rice tasted like Uncle Ben's, the veggies were mush. I wanted to be able to voice my disgust but never found the waitress. I use to eat here all the time when I lived in Pittsburgh, but this was very disappointing. It seemed they were having some difficulty with their support staff too. The bathroom had no toilet paper and was filthy. The food runner was juggling plates. Waitresses were not friendly at all. Then we got to see the train pass by for 10 minutes.  This was more like a prison sentence then an enjoyable afternoon out.  If the show Undercover Bosses is reading this then please take a hint!Still waiting on the bill.....
4	Beaded, tiara'd, and ready to start some trouble--our gaggle of bridesmaids showed for a Bachelorette party seeking an outdoor table on a beautiful evening. The terrace was full, so we asked if we could occupy the vacant private room right near the hostess stand."That's for VIPS," said the hostess. "We ARE VIPs." said our fearless leader.A stare-down ensued. The fearless leader asked for the manager. He was very chill about the whole thing, he said the VIP room was ours as long as we spent $15/each. No problem there.We ordered several rounds of $5 (pint-glass sized!) margaritas as well as some provocatively named shots for the bride. She's partial to Blow Job's--recipe for a happy marriage.They really did treat us like VIPs--offering up a round of Red Headed Sluts on the house, and sending in the DJ for special requests. "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" and "Single Ladies" please!
1	I'm really not even sure why I am giving this place any stars at all.. while i haven't ever had a bad experience at any other Bar Louies, my experience in Station Square on Saturday evening was horrendous...I met some friends out for some appetizers and drinks around 8:15pm before heading out -- BL wasn't even crowded... the air conditioning on one side of the restaurant didnt work, so we moved to accommodate our party and sit in cooler conditions... the waitress made several of my friends carry their own food over to our new table, even though the food hadn't been served yet.  Other people's food never even made its way out of the kitchen (although they all ordered food at the same time)... the food that did arrive was cold.. and there were only about 20 chips served with the dip trio... much more dip than chips...once we moved in the restaurant, we sat for 30 minutes without even being tended to, I had to approach the hostess table 2-3 times to get anyone to come over - when we finally got our server, she took our drink orders, went to sort out the food problem and then came back... without drinks.   I sat for about 45 minutes without even being given a water... keep in mind this was a muggy, 93 degree evening... we wound up asking for the food that was delivered to be comped and we walked out of the place, quite frustrated & hungry at 10pm.
3	Came here last halloween & it was beat! There was maybe 30 people in the entire place and they were all old and not one was dressed. The bartenders werent the cutest ones ive ever seen, no smoking, food is usually ok at BAR LOUIES... ENDED leaving here later and went to buckheads.
1	I guess one doesn't really come here for service, but with only 10 people at the bar and over a 20 minute!! wait to order food....I'm not sure that wouldn't upset even the most laid back patron.They need to clean house on the staff.  Muuuuchhhhh too complacent.
4	A friend and I frequent Bar Louie for happy hour during the week a few times a month, we recently started going to the station square location, the one at the water front is always insanely crowed, and the service there sucks..that being said we have never had a bad bar tender at the new location, and the 1/2 ap menu is defiantly worth the paid parking. the bruchetta and shrimp tempura are amazing, as well as the $5 martini menu.
3	For me, my experience was typical. The service was friendly, nothing special though. Made sure to get our food out quickly, at least quicker than what I'm reading from the other reviews. My boyfriend grumbled about the portion sizes, but if he could have it his way he would eat an entire cow in one sitting. I do quite enjoy their Creme Brulee very much.
4	My girlfriend and I frequent this bar when visiting Pittsburgh. It's location along the Monongahela River gives it a view of the water and the city.  If you're sitting outside the only nuisance you'll experience at times because the tracks also run along the river.We stopped here two times this week and had varying service levels, once attentive and the second we had limited visits from the server and she did not have our drink orders when stopping back after periods away.They claim to have the "best happy hour" in Pittsburgh and I'd agree. Happy hour includes half price appetizers, $3 for all draft beers, $4 for all wines, and $5 for all mixers. Also, be careful when ordering your appetizers, they have huge portions.While here we sampled the meatballs, boneless buffalo chicken, buffalo calamari, sliders, and spinach and artichoke dip. All were good "bar" appetizers. I recommend the spinach and artichoke dip the most.For mixers we sampled the "Effen" good martini (yes it reads this way on the menu). The martini includes Effen cucumber vodka and mint (maybe a few other items), but we were huge fans and had this martini each visit.In addition, they have an excellent beer selection both on tap and in bottles.They have many seating options including couches, bar seating, tables, and outdoor.
1	Extremely loud inside the bar. The bartenders are ignorant to drinks other than what's on tap or the old standby well drinks. They are rude and lifeless.
2	I mean... It's good for what it is.  Good in the fact that it's probably about the only place in Station Square you can chill out with friends and enjoy the waterfront for a bit.  That is, if you're willing to shell out $5-10 to park.  I guess what I'm saying is... Station Square needs some help and Bar Louie kinda fits in with the whole chain-restaurant-tourist-trap appeal.  Do they have good happy hour specials?  Yes.  Is it quality?  Not really.  Does it do the job?  Yes.  Super sweet weak drinks and mediocre food.  Check.  If you're a tourst, check out all the fantastic local restaurants we have and skip this joint!
2	The only thing nice about this place is the view. My bf and I went here on a Saturday night around 6:30 and ordered chips & salsa trio and drinks. The chips & salsa took over 30 minutes to bring to us and the dinner at the table sitting next to us took over 2 hours. The manager had to come over and apologize to them about their wait and said he would cover the cost of their meal. Our waitress completely disappeared after she brought us our drinks and never returned to give us our check. After waiting FOREVER, we finally left money on the table for her because she was no where to be found even after asking another server to find her for us. The chips came with ketchup tasting salsa, cheese whiz consistency queso, and guacamole that wasn't freshly made. We were definitely dissatisfied with this restaurant and will not be eating here again.
1	Went for a 40th birthday party. Service was good. Waitstaff worked hard to keep up with drink orders. It was a pretty big party & some major cash was spent. Picked up my tab at end of night & very reasonable DESPITE that they added a 20% gratuity onto everyone's bills. Wonder how many drunk people accidentally tipped 40% that night?! Now here comes the one-star... a party attendee had her handbag stolen from the bar. It happens. But guess what! Half the contents turned up behind the bar (where only staff could have accessed). Cops called - big to-do. Manager was less than helpful- without talking to staff said it absolutely couldnt be one of them. Miraculously - remaining contents turned up the next day - including jewelry & cash. What an honest thief! Reeks of inside job. STAY AWAY!!!
3	This place is solid but nothing special.  Perhaps the most impressive aspect of Bar Louie is the physical space which is quite modern and clean in its appearance. Views of the water and city are also fantastic.Now for the actual food: upscale bar food that is good, but nothing to write home about. My meal included nachos as an appetizer and Mac&Cheese for the entree.    Nachos were the standard gringo fare that is typical of nacho dishes in this part of the country: salty chips, bland salsa and blah guac.  The Mac and cheese, however, was heavenly.  Service for our large group was on point.  The price was a bit too steep for my tastes given the quantity and quality of food I sampled.  Honestly, unless you're in Station Square or the immediate area, I wouldn't go here.  There are far better bars in Pittsburgh with more character and tastier food that I'd consider.
3	My friend and I came here for St. Paddy's Day, and all I can add is more Meh. You get a nice view of the river and the city, but other than that it's not much to get excited about. Tourist Trap sounds about right. We didn't eat anything, we just drank.
1	This was the worst meal I have had in a while.  We ordered the bruschetta for an appetizer and it came in a giant martini glass.  The bread was soggy and the tomatoes tasted old.  I had the chicken quesadilla and it was very dry.  The salsa and guacamole were less than fresh.  It was inedible.  My husband had the boneless wings and there was so much sauce, it looked like soup on the plate.  This place was terrible.  I will never go back. Yuck!!
4	$3 drafts and half off small plates from 5-7 weekdays and you get a great view of downtown pirate burgh and front row seats for the passing coal trains!! bruschetta pomodora with shrimp was nice as was veggie flatbread (flatbread is a euphisism for very thin crust pizza, let's just call it pizza) .. my bartender , an energetic brunette, was friendly and efficient.. they have 3 or 4 local beers on tap in addition to the standards.. young professional looking crowd at happy hour ..
3	If you have a large group and want to enjoy some great happy hour specials then here is the place to come.I met some friends pretty late at night and for Pittsburgh standards, it was one of the few places actually open and serving food.  I ended up getting the club sandwich which wasn't anything remarkable.  The beer selection was great and kept our drinks flowing.However that was to where the extent service was good.  When it came to food, service was kind of slow.  It could have been that they were understaffed in the middle of the week, I'm not really sure, but when all my friends ordered and received their food, it took us several times to get the waitress' attention to even inquire about my food, let alone the wait time.For the cheap food and drink specials for a place that's open late night I definitely recommend coming here, however, for anything else I suggest eating elsewhere.
3	I'd been to a Bar Louie in Chicago and loved it. Was worried about this place after reading reviews on here but thought they were a little harsh. Chips and salsa app was great and sangria by pitcher was good too. Sandwich I ordered was average but my friend loved her food.
1	I will start with the nice things, It has a nice location.Now why I think its a joke. Food was typical and gross nothing to write home about. Service was horrific but it was past 10 and we just got in town with our kids and nothing else was open, so we had to stay or go hungry. We opted to sit outside in bad weather, overcast and wet because it was about 90 degrees inside and we all were sweating walking through the place. Bathrooms were disastrous and if I were in prison Id expect them to look like this. It took about 20 minutes just to order our food. Food and menu selection was minimal and nothing sounded or looked good. 4 days later my son had to use the restroom and being in Station Square park playing at the fountain, we were right here. I brought him in and the restrooms were just as the were 4 days ago, prison quality and hot. Again the place was like 90 degrees inside and we sweat just walking to the bathroom.
3	Pop corn here is amazing and it goes with the drinks, but do not try cocktails here. I ordered a Mojito it wasn't good.Food is average.
5	Awesome place awesome happy hour. Great place to enjoy a fine cigar by the fire. Staff is very friendly. Try the flat bread. Views of the city skyline are breath taking
1	Food was good,  so was the service.   However,  this was the first time that I've seen a mouse running around in the dining room of a restaurant, informed a staff member, and not had them flinch!  You get these serviced once a month?!!  Don't think it's working.  I can only imagine the conditions in the kitchen.   As a former restaurant employee... completely unacceptable.   If I had seen that before our meal was done,  I would have left.
1	This place is terrible.
5	This is a great place to get good food and a great view of the river. The food is very good and lots of space to relax
1	Horrible staff, Louie the manager was the only professional person. The bartenders decided to tip them self $120 and forge our signature or something (still not sure exactly what happened) but Louie the manager refunded our money and hopefully fired the staff that was responsible for this. Rediculous
2	This place is okay nothing really good to talk about.
2	I stopped by here last night last night with my fiance and two other dining companions for dinner.  We arrived at shortly after 7 PM and walked right into a fairly empty restaurant.  Since no one was at the hostess station and it didn't seem like anyone was going to be, we ended up seating ourselves in a rounded booth.  The restaurant is pretty large with a huge center bar and with a number of rounded booths facing it on one side and some tables on the other.We were greeted almost immediately by the server.  He got us our drinks in a short amount of time and we were ordering our food within minutes of being there which was good since our dining companions were in a bit of a hurry.  For dinner I decided to order the BBQ ranch salad with chicken while everyone else at the table ended up ordering appetizers.  After a little bit longer of a wait for our food than we were expecting, it arrived and we asked for the checks while promptly starting eating.  The waiter came back with the check about a minute later and we had our payment ready shortly after that.  My BBQ ranch salad was decent although I wouldn't have been able to tell you it was BBQ ranch afterwards.  What I really loved about it was all of the toppers that provided it some texture and flavor, especially the bacon, onion rings and tortilla strips.  By the time I had finished eating my salad the waiter still had not come back to check on everything.  As a matter of a fact I couldn't see anyone that worked in the restaurant out in the front of the house.  We ended up looking around for about 5 minutes before finally seeing a waitress which we flagged down for a to-go box which was promptly delivered by her.  After waiting a few more minutes our dining companions ended up leaving cash as a payment and left since our waiter was nowhere to be found.  My fiance and I ended up waiting about another 10 minutes before we once again flagged down the same waitress to get our waiter so that we could pay our bill and leave.  I seriously have never seen a restaurant not have anyone out in the front of the house for as long a period of time.  If we had been so inclined to walk out without paying (not that we would ever do that), I honestly believe we could have been gone for quite a while before anyone would have ever noticed.The bottom line for me is that I will not be heading back to Bar Louie again in the future.  While the food itself is probably worthy of 3 stars (A-OK by Yelps standards) and wouldn't prevent me from coming back the service certainly will.
4	Ok. Third time here in 2 days. Just here for a drink tonight after a long dry conference. Place is hopping. Young crowd, drinks and dinner, all with a great view of the river. All three times I've been here the service has been great. The mussles with hot peppers in beer were great as was the flat bread chicken
3	About 10 years ago, this place would get PACKED with young professionals here for happy hour.  And the happy hour specials are still pretty good ($4 wine!), but no one comes here anymore.It's ok, but it's just ok.The space inside is nice, and there is a nice outdoor fire pit and seating area.The food is solidly mediocre.  It's not great.  The other day I had the pear salad, and added chicken to it for $4.  For a now $15 salad, they shouldn't have used frozen chicken (I can ALWAYS tell).Prior to that I had a Barnyard Burger that was pretty good, but the outside of it was so charred you really couldn't taste much other than charr.  There's nothing really wrong with Bar Louie, its just very meh.  Its an alright lunch spot, and a great place to drink at--if you want to drink alone.One plus though--the service has alwyas been excellent!
3	An okay place to grab some drinks or a bite to eat.  There is a great view of Downtown when you are sitting outside however there are trains that pass by a lot and they are really loud.  You have to stop your conversation until they pass.The food is typical bar food and the drink selection is no bad.
1	I wish I could give this place a higher rating. The food is worth something more, however, the service is terrible. I mean...absolutely terrible. As I write this, my server is out front flirting with girls from another table and eating pizza...after we asked him for our check. It took fifteen minutes to even get our drink orders...I just...don't come here unless you have an entire evening to blow.
2	Good view good margaritas and bloody Marys. Went downhill fast, service and food below average.  Unfortunately I can't recommend.
3	If you go here, sit outside and enjoy the beautiful view of Pittsburgh! We came here for drinks but the food looked good. Wednesday is their $1 beer special and $5.50 martini night. The martinis are good. The sangria was.... Eh......tasted flat and syrupy. Not what I expected from a sangria for $10.
1	They really need to improve their service. It takes them so long to even get drinks to your table when the restaurant is not even close to being full. Ordering your food is like pulling teeth. Expect to be here more than an hour and a half only because it will take so long to order and get your food. Takes like a half an hour to just get drinks
5	Fantastic place! Dollar burger night is phenomenal ! Great service, cool interior , 3.75 drafts at 5 for happy hour
2	I've been to Bar Louie countless times because I work in the area. Generally, it's for a few beers, which their beer selection is pretty decent. However, the last 3 times I've gone here for lunch, the food was less than edible. I'm not sure if they have a new lunch time cook or what. But it's going down hill. During my last visit, I took two bites of my rubbery chicken sandwich and slid it away for the bartender to dispose of. She was nice enough to by me a beer, so I opted for the liquid lunch.
2	The star rating states "Meh" and Meh is about right.  I met friends here on a Friday night.  It was VERY loud.  We were glad outdoor patio seating was available because inside was too loud to be able to actually carry on a conversation.  It was clear the waitress was more interested in the bachelorette and birthday party tables near us then our little table of four.  Food is very pricey for what you get.  I ordered a shrimp appetizer and it was very clear they were frozen and low quality shrimp thawed and tossed on some poor quality salad.  The tortilla soup was pretty tasty, but not worth the price.  Drinks were extremely expensive for what you got.  My sangria was $10 and was very watered down.  The same glass at most other bars would have been half the price.Overall, there are so many places that are much better than Bar Louie, even right in Station Square.  Do yourself a favor and visit one of those places instead.
1	Kitchen was very slow, all food did not come at same time 15 minutes from the first delivery of food until the last person got there. The food was extremely over cooked and cold Would never come back
3	Egg on the burger wasn't completely cooked. They kept changing TV channels, so you couldn't watch a game all the way through. So we left.
