5	I've gone twice and both times I wasn't paying. If I had to pick up the tab, I'd knock off a star or two cause having to pay 50 bucks for a steak out of my own pocket would feel like a shot in the gut. So it's the place to take your wealthy deep-pocketed relatives when you know they'll pick up the tab, a freeloaders paradise for the guiltless and shameless. Quite frankly no plate of beef in the world is worth that much(maybe Kobe?). But this old-fashioned Jewish steak house in the heart of the Main is the real deal. It's been around since 1938 and it's a staple of the old Jewish neighborhood (Leonard Cohen has reportedly been spotted there on numerous occasions). My ethnic pride tells me that's it a hell of a lot better than Montreal's "other" steakhouse, Queue de Cheval, although truth be told I've never eaten there. And unlike most steakhouses which generally have an off-putting and unappealing cigar-bar-like ambience of businessmen fresh from power meetings or the golf course, Moishe's screams old world authenticity (lots of wood paneling, wine racks, uniformed waitstaff).
5	Moishe's is THE Montreal Jewish Steakhouse, the way it's meant to be...Great cuts of meat, the ambiance of an old Jewish boys' club, happy families, couples, men... you name it.Moishe's tastes like the Montreal of my childhood.It is pricey and the wait can be long... but for an authentic Montreal carnivore experience, make sure to spend an evening at Moishe's.
5	The steaks here were so good and juicy. Among the best I've ever had. I went with my cousin and we were amazed by how good it was.The only downside is that it is very pricey. But, if you can afford it or if you want to celebrate somewhere for a major occasion, this is the place to go.
5	This place is the quintessential Jewish steakhouse.Amazing service [waiters, busboys, waterboys, breadboys, front of staff, tableclothguys] etc.The steak is one of the best I have had. So succulent and juicy. The bread at the begining comes with Pickles! [Also delicious]This place is good, if you don't mind paying money for a steak [thanks dad for picking up the tab] and for seeing a very jewish crowd. It was great people watching. Generations of families from babies to grand grand parents. Celebrations, business meetings, anniversaries, it was all going down that night.I highly recommend it, if you love steak, service, and a great atmosphere.
5	A true classic.  Everytime I visit MTL I have to go here.
5	Moishe's is the best steak house in Montreal. Period. Every person who works there is impeccably trained, and extremely knowledgeable about their menu. Very fast, polite, and with just the right amount of conversation. This place is old school. A wide open dining room and very nicely furnished. Lots of money in the room (definitely a high roller's place), and every table seems happy, and engaged in great conversation. Nobody ever seems to have a bad night at Moishe's.I highly recommend trying the pickles, ordering the chopped liver to start, and whatever steak sounds best to you. The NY strip is at the bottom price-wise but is still perfectly done and delicious every time.
4	Classy Old School Jewish Steakhouse. You definitely need to call in and make reservations for Moishe's.  Even so, expect to wait. My friends and I came here for dinner on Saturday night.  I was impressed at how many people were waiting to be seated (it's not a small place in the least bit).  The restaurant also had a doorman. We ordered two bottles of California Cabernets, which weren't that great, but it's our fault for choosing not so great bottles.  I thought it was interesting how they put ice on top of the butter for the bread.  We had sauteed spinach and grilled oyster mushrooms as our appetizers. I ordered the rib eye ($50-something) and it was a ginormous 22 ounce cut!  Wish I had known b/c that's too much steak for even this steak eater.  It's definitely enough to feed to grown men.  The rib eye was charred on the outside and cooked on a charcoal grill (no need to order this baby "black & blue").  The steak was good.  It oddly tasted even better the next morning as leftovers!
5	It's the best Steakhouse I've been too. Maybe more 4 1/2 starsQuickly: Not cheap, portions are okay, service is professional and quick. BEst Pickle ever, best service and clean. The decor is chic and has a old 40-50's montreal style. the only down side, is that I've requeted a blue filet mignon. Blue is difficult to achieve it correctly because, a GOOD blue cooking is warm and slightly cook outside
2	Reservations is preferred .  The decor is a bit old fashion and kinda classy.  We dressed casual and didn't get good service.  We went with another couple and they agreed too.  My fillet mignon was okay and this place is very overpriced for the quality.  We had better service and experience even at an expensive taste.
5	This restaurant is a Jewish institution in Montreal. It's been around a long, long time. Places don't stay around this long arbitrarily; they last because they're good and they have a loyal clientele. My grandparents frequented this restaurant, my parents go regularly to this restaurant, and I used to go here a lot growing up (and I still do, when I visit my hometown). Do I think it's the best steak in the entire universe? No, not really. I think it's darn good, but it's not the absolute best I've ever had. My father would disagree with me, though. For him, this restaurant consistently serves the best steaks he's ever had, anywhere, hands down. I guess this difference in opinion is due to the fact that everyone's sense of taste (physically, literally) differs, and everyone's sensibilities differ. There's a great deal of nostalgia filtering our respective opinions as well. I love this place, just knowing the history here, and the fact that so many generations of Montrealers have their family histories tied into this restaurant's history. I like how the waiters know my parents so well, and knew me when I was growing up and my dad when he was young, too. (How we miss Frank!). I love the coleslaw and famous pickles and fried onions. The martinis are always great. The service is always attentive. The steaks are very, very good (ranging to excellent or awesome, depending on one's taste). The plates of mandel bread (Jewish cookies) or choices from the pastry cart all make for a super dessert with coffee. Real coffee. In coffee cups. This is tradition. This is good.
5	unique
2	Terrible service, lacklustre food, place is cramped, and ridiculous prices for some items ($8,50 for pineapple??). The only decent thing about this place is the pickles. I know the prices are jacked up because you're essentially paying for the service, but hovering around the table like a nuisance for the first 10 minutes and disappearing until we have to wave you down to clear the plates that have been sitting in front of us for half an hour is not service.
5	Had to visit this steakhouse institution during our visit.  So glad we did!  This classic, old school steakhouse was exceptional...somewhere between a 4.5 and a 5...but certainly worthy of a visit (but be sure to go in very very hungry)!Service was very good.  You sit down and they serve you with mounds of pickles (excellent), home made cole slaw (outstanding) and bread (very tasty).We ordered a variety of dishes, some outstanding, some just ok:Rib Eye: OUTSTANDING!  Order it medium-rare...just awesomeFilet:  Good, not greatOnion-Rings:  Sensational...worth ordering!French Fries:  Average...not greatTeriyaki Chicken:  Very goodShrimp:  ExcellentWorth a visit...great restaurant!
2	The Skinny: great complementary sides, so-so steak (3) lackluster service and ambience (1) value: even with the excellent side dishes, if you factor everything else, it's still really pricey (2).Let me get preface this review. Do not come here if you want to impress anyone (unless he/she enjoys eating contests). Do not come here thinking you can have a coherent conversation. Do not come here in nice clothing. Do not come here in a large party (ie, greater than 4). And if you are a woman, do not get drunk here.Okay. Now I can start the review.So, a friend of mine made reservations for a party of 7 at Moishe's while we were in town. Some of our party would be arriving late (flight delays) but we asked if they would seat us (4/7 were there). They agreed to do so and ushered us to our table. Two of us ordered drinks in the interim while we waited. About 20 minutes later, the manager steps by inquires about the status of our party and informs us that if they did not show up soon that they would remove us from our table because they had a bunch of people waiting.Now here's my beef. If you have a policy of not seating a party until everyone has arrived because you are busy then so be it. Just don't seat us. But to seat a party and then inform them that they would have to leave their table while they're ordering drinks consistently from the waiter... that's embarassing for the host of the party and it's definitely poor form.In addition to this, the seating arrangements were horrible. We were seated in a long table propped up against a wall. Essentially, half of our party could not effectively get in or out of their chairs without bothering someone.The ambience screams old school steakhouse with its brickwalls, sepia photographs, dim lighting, and white tablecloths. I think the sounds must bounce off the walls because you will be surrounded by an unbearable constant din. Ventilation is apparently poor because by the end of the evening, you'll smell like you've been basting in a delightful combination of your own sweat and dripping meat juices from the grilled steaks. So ladies, leave your couture at home.Another unfortunate thing was the woman's washroom. All I can say is, it is an lawsuit waiting to happen. Located up a precariously steep staircase near the lobby area, it is potentially dangerous in combination with a little booze and heels. Therefore, watch the drinks, girls!Servicewise, our waiter was MIA a lot of time. After our orders were placed, we didn't see him for a significant period of time. Often, we'd have to inform other staff about our drink orders which lead to even longer wait times. It also took well over 30+ minutes to receive our order. I cook at home and I can tell you for a fact: it does not take 30+ minutes to prepare a steak. Oh, and don't get me started on how long it took to get the cheque.Okay, now that I've gotten most of the negatives off my chest, let's look at the positives.When we arrived at our table, we were immediately served complementary plates of chilled coleslaw, warm bread and pickles. The coleslaw was a herb/vinaigrette version (ie, not the creamy kind). Light, refreshing, it was perfectly dressed and really hit the spot in the overly warm restaurant. The bread basket filled with warm crusty baguette, flavourful rye, and satisfying pumpernickel was wonderful as well. The pickles were also a lovely addition to the table to munch on while we waited for friends to arrive.I'd ordered a grilled petit ribeye steak from the lighter side menu which comes with a choice of potato. Let me tell you there is nothing petit about this thing. It was massive! It was about the size of a standard dinner plate. I glanced over at my friend who ordered the regular version and it was a Flintstone-esque portion size.Sadly enough, the steak itself was only okay in my books. I don't think the steak was aged enough or had enough fat content because it was a little tougher and less flavourful than expected. It also lacked that beautiful carmelized crust on top that you see with a good preparation. Certainly not worth the $39 pricetag.The accompanying Monte Cristo potato however was a thing of beauty. Flavourful, buttery, fluffy, it was one of the best double baked potatoes I've had. The chives mixed in made it all the more satisfying.Seriously, if it was just the sides, I'd give this place a 3.5 on the verge of a 4. But because I couldn't over look that so-so steak, this place gets a 3 for food.All in all, if you follow the above advice and have lowered expectations in service and ambience, you could come here for a pretty good tuck in because the portion sizes are highly generous. However, if you're looking for a romantic dinner with high end service, trying to impress the boss or looking to eat with more than 4 people, go somewhere else.
2	Whoever thinks this is the best steakhouse they've ever been to must live in Antarctica, because this place flatout sucks the bell-end. Moishe's is the classic paradigm of a restaurant running on the fumes of the reputation it once enjoyed eons ago in it's remote, cobwebbed heyday.First of all, it's run out of a moldy second floor 1920's era building with knob and tube electrical wiring and dim, eye-searing light fixtures. The carpets haven't been changed since horses and buggies ruled St. Laurent. However, the wood panelling is delightful and the waitstaff is definitely trained to be as professional as possible. The food? Whatever - nothing to see here, move along. I won't even bother with a description, it's just average run of the mill steak. Anyways, what the hell am I doing, writing a review for this place? Do yourself a favor - add another $100 to the budget and head over to Qeue de Cheval on Rene Levesque.
4	After years of putting it off, I finally made my long awaited pilgrimage to Moishe's. The holy land of steak. I let a friend of mine order for me. Being an expert at Moishe's, I felt assured that he wouldn't steer me wrong. The order is placed, bone in filet mignon arrives, medium rare (to perfection). OMG... It was everything he said it would be. Probably the best meat I've ever eaten in my life (I hope this doesn't end up in Penthouse Forum;) anyhooo... I found the wine list on the high side. And the decor is certainly intended to impress my dad. But if you want to have a great steak, GO! I now know why this place has been around for as long as it has.
5	Out of all the most famous steak house I've been, this is my favorite for many reason like the fact that they do not ask you what kind of water you want but they bring you water, they also have a little filet on the menu for ladies:) and there coffee are served in hot cup. The meat is delicious and service proper and and you can tell the history and profesionnel staff is also a part of a good steakhouse experience.
4	A few years ago when I had a job with an expense account, I stopped at Moishe's for a late lunch in a driving rainstorm after my final sales call.  If you like restaurants that bring you back to yesteryear, this is your place.  From the paneled walls to the old-school waiters, the place oozes with history.  Now the food itself was not the best I have had ever tried, but it was quite good and because it was a slow day, I did not feel pressured to leave except that I had a plane to catch!  And as others have noted the pickles and breads they bring are great. Would I go when not on an expense account?  It might depend on the exchange rate but it is worth at least one visit when you are next in Montreal!
2	Moishe's, I hate to say this, I wanted to love you like I did 10 years ago when I last ate at your restaurant, but sadly I was disappointed. The room and ambience is great, sides were ok but my meat was just so-so and the waiter got my order wrong (my dining companion asked for medium, me for rare but seeing as we got different cuts of beef we couldn't simply switch and I don't believe in throwing out food so I ate it anyway). At the end of the day I come to a restaurant for the food and after this meal I think this will unfortunately be my last visit. Please, bring back the quality of the Moishe's I fondly remember.
5	I came here as a young little kid with my uncle Peter in the 60s from the back door in those days he was a regular, knew the original family and he intoduced me to food decadence ,unlike the restaurants he and my dad owned in Montreal that were on the faster side luncheonettes and Diners ,Uncle Peter and I went there up until the late 70s when I would go with my dates and even my first wife. This place is a classic and I remember being schooled in the art of the Maitre D ,there was no room for error because if there was a glitch it would be fixed ,fast with I am sorries and quick replacements. Ah What a place the last  time I went there was with good old Jim S and Nico with some dates in 97 and Red Fisher of the old Montreal Star and at that time the Gazette came over as he new Jim and told us that we were the best decorated table he ever saw at Moishes . I had my usual T bone steak rare and a bunch of apps. I look forward to coming into Montreal again 1 day ,perhaps I will go to Moishes,maybe I will go with Angelo if his wife lets him. ,,true story,.
5	I've been going to Moishe's since I was a baby. I know it is a steakhouse, but I always love to get a half order of the special chicken, which is always really yummy. A few years back they finally added windows in the front, which really adds to the place, especially in the summer. When you leave you get a handful of hubbabubba gum too! I usually hate coleslaw and pickles, but can't get enough of it at Moishe's.
5	Absolutely amazing meal, well worth the price.  Everything from the pickles to the steak was top-notch.  You owe it to yourself to dine here if you are ever in the area.
4	As far as the various complaining reviews here on Yelp?  C'mon! Do you REALLY believe that Moishe's, the legendary institution of carnivorous consumption that it is/was/always will be, has not had more than its share of complaining in the past 70+ years???  Haters hateWhiners whineMoishe's pumps out beef that is consistently fine.This is the original OJG deal making dynastic den of dining. Its worth a visit from a historical perspective if nothing else.   Quite simply, a great place to consume meat in a city that still celebrates steak.  Not even remotely trendy or faddish, just come for the beef.
4	Solid 4 stars bordering on 5.  This place is a legit, old school steakhouse.  No frills; just solid drinks, steaks and food.Went with a group of 5 and for entrees we all split two massive bone in fillets, one massive rib eye, and one order of lamb chops.  All meat was cooked to perfection, was buttery soft and tasted awesome.  The lamb chops were my favorite.  Just the right amount of salt.  We ate everything.  Standard steak house sides of spinach, asparagus, french fries and mushrooms were all delicious, but could have come in a bit bigger portions for sharing.  Appetizers of caesar salad, chopped salad, shrimp cocktail,  and caprese salad were enjoyed.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  The cocktail sauce with the shrimp could have used a bit more zing--some more horseradish possibly.  Service was excellent.  No complaints.  Prices on par with top tier steakhouses.  Complimentary pickles and cole slaw were consumed and replenished numerous times.  Best meal we had in Montreal. Overall, everyone was pleased.  I would definitely return.
5	Apparently these guys have a 25$ late night menu. Either way, when I paid full price for my steak I was more than delighted. The service is second to none and the place is frozen in time. This joint is for real and a Montreal landmark.If you feel underdressed when you're seated and waited on but no worries, you'll get the same respect and attention as anyone else. After all you are a paying customer.
4	Moishe's was awesome. We went there for the late night special, which is a STEAL of a deal. I got the filet mignon, which was delicious and perfectly cooked. I can't remember what cut my bf got, but he loved his also. The sides were delicious (especially the cheesy mashed potatoes - can't remember what they're called). We even sat next to Macaulay Culkin! The service was great. My main complaint was that the place appeared to be filled with a bunch of young kids on their way to the clubs. People were in entirely inappropriate clothes (think graphic tees, cut up jeans, tennis shoes, hats, etc.). And they were LOUD! I'm not an old fogey at all, but man, I felt like I was watching Jersey Shore in real life!
1	Supermarket steak at best. Chopped salad loaded with salt and otherwise tasteless.Dining room resembles a borscht belt resort during the 1960's so forget any attempt at conversation. Anyone who believes this place is a steakhouse never dined at The Palm, Sparks or Peter Luger. Can't help but notice that most of the 5 star reviews are from 30 somethings or under, enough said.
5	I love this place.  Its my favorite steakhouse in Montreal. I love the food, I love the no fills atmosphere, I love the pickles on the table.This place has been around 1938 and you can tell why.
4	Famed as the top steak house in Montreal it walks the talk. My boyfriend and I did not have reservations and were pretty late upon arrival but took our chance going in.Tip: do put your name down on the waiting list even though the hostess says its an hour. We waited 15 min (reservations strongly recommended for large groups) . They're fast with their turn over.* go after 9pm if you 'd like a great menu at fraction of the cost $25 app, entre and coffee/Tea. For birthdays they bring a slice of chocolate cake .* take the pickles and coleslaw home (if there are any left) hey have best pickles and coleslaw as part of the table starters (mainstay and something they sell in house). Our waiter was super helpful and it was upon his suggestion .* I chose salmon tartare (small but really tasty dish) and petit fillet (smaller filet mignon but plenty for a person who can't stomach too big of portions)My partner had the rib steak .... Really tasty and juicy with a Cesar salad.Ambience--- old school steakhouse 1938. , a bit noisy but worth the experience. We will definitely be back maybe arriving a bit earlier during their regular menu hour and with reservations (don't want to chance it) . The regular menu contains items that are not on the 9- midnight one.
5	Moishes is my fav steak house..... Ive been here many times... always great service.. amazing steak !!!! and good sides..  ok fine its expensive.. VERY expensive.. we once spent like $1k on group of 5 people.. Go at 9pm if u want to do $25 menu.... Some people say Que or Gibbys but I say NO.. both of those places can go to shredders..
2	I went here on a Friday night with 6 adults and we had an average experience and given that there are so many great places to eat in Montreal, I won't go here again.  Good points: the sides are great when you get to the table, fresh bread, coleslaw and pickles; the potatoe latkas were outstanding; and we loved our dessert.  Bad points: very slow service-our waiter forgot to bring one side we ordered-we never got it-forgot to bring us drinks and we needed to find him to order other drinks.  Two members of our party ordered the same cut-rib eye. One cut was buttery and great the other cut was below average.  My husband ordered lobster rolls and shrimp cocktail-below average and the roll was very small for $19.  I think this place is past its prime.
4	Obviously you should go here for the steak, the steak is superb.The waiter we had was not (hence the 4 stars), he was a rude, arrogant, ball of hate...probably mostly for his job.Oh and my salmon tartare was meh, it tasted like lemon..not salmon.BUT the steak is so good, you'll forget most of the little annoyances. I will come back, but I hope to never see that little snob of a waiter again.
3	PROS:-Food is yummy, but there was nothing spectacular that I haven't seen before in terms of food and decor. I prefer Gibby's for steak because it has more personality, a warmer atmosphere, and it was an overall more interesting dining experience. -Friendly service.CONS:-Kind of an odd atmosphere. Most of the people working and dining were about 3 times my age. Maybe it was just that night. -Based on my first experience, I probably won't go again.
5	My brother and I came here for their after 9pm special... and delaying our dinner was totally worth it.  The ambience is loud.  The interior is very classy and most people were wearing dress shirts.  However, everyone was friendly.  We talked to the group next to us.    Also, our waiter was delighted to help us choose our entrees and wine. Get their rack of lamb with dijon rosemary sauce!  Best lamb I've ever tasted.  Don't like lamb?  Their steak is also amazing.  The after 9pm menu has a lot of options.  Alaskan king crab cakes!  If I were to come back to visit Montreal, you will find me here.
4	Moishe's Steak House had amazing food, and a classy ambiance that we really wanted for the main night of my best friend's bachelor party.  From my point of view, the restaurant was a 5, based on the incredible cuts of meat and exceptional service.  On the other side of the table though, the seating was very tight, and two of my friends had their chairs bumped all night by everyone that passed.  The wine list was extensive but overpriced, but the attentive service made up for it.  Definitely order the Monte Carlo potato instead of the French Fries - trust me.  We had a great experience at Moishe's but I would say it would have been a different experience on a date night.  It's definitely a great upscale choice for a 'guys night out'.
4	Great experience overall! We went for the dinner special for a birthday on a busy Saturday night and were not disappointed. The portion sizes (especially for the prices) were quite large, and the service was prompt and courteous. We received pickles, house made bread and coleslaw to start, and they were a perfect start to the meal. The house salad and Caesar salad appetizers were well dressed, and the homemade croutons were a nice addition. For our main courses we had steak frites, the rack of lamb, and the chicken special. All of the dishes came with either a plain or stuffed baked potato, or fries. Our server made excellent suggestions and offered us substitutions for our meal choices. The seasonings and condiments complimented the meals nicely - the only flaw was the excessive amount of salt in the dishes. We received coffee or tea with our meal, and the birthday guest received a slice of decadent chocolate cake as well. We were VERY satisfied customers and we will definitely be returning! This is a great place for families, and groups - it's a busy, and exciting place to go. 4.5 stars!!!!
4	Being hairy manly men who love their meat, my travel companion and I had high expectations of Moishe's. Moishe's did not disappoint.Our meat was juicy, tender, marbled, charred crispy on the outside, dripping blood just below the seared layer. But for $45-$60 per slab, one should expect nothing less. I actually preferred the rack of lamb, which was served with a delicious dijon vinaigrette. The sides were what exceeded expectations. After ordering, the table gets huge trays of bread and butter, house pickles and coleslaw.  The bread was average and i thought it was bizarre that they put ice over the butter. The pickles were flavorful and crunchy, and the coleslaw was crisp and garlicky. These two were amazing by themselves, and the acidity balanced the fatty meats perfectly.  The potato that accompanies the meat was phenomenal. It was creamy, fluffy, herbed, and crunchy on top. The skin on the bottom was toasted and seasoned. I already love plain baked or boiled potatoes, you see. So this dish took me to a higher plane of love. Like maybe bordering on godly love.Also, the servers were prompt and courteous. I like the way they just came around to do their business without being solicitous. They also gave us extra sides when we asked them to wrap up the leftovers. Unspoken random kindness, which was much appreciated.
3	solid meal. pickles were a novel touch I wasn't used to. Steak was good but not great..
2	Nice looking space, tables are a bit cramped though. Seems like the owners wanted to maximize revenue by squeezing as many tables into the place as possible. I had the rib steak, ordered it rare and it came out well done. I mean super well done. I had to send it back. Within 3 minutes a new piece of steak was brought to me. This was black and blue. Zero char, no seasoning... I was eating a raw piece of steak more or less. Very disappointing. Had a mashed/baked potato, creamed corn, and crispy fried onion strings, they were all a miss.Don't go here unless you have an expense account and want to impress to clients. Even with that, you should still booze them up before they start eating. Also the bathroom, watch that 2 inch step that leads to the urinals, if you trip on it, you're going to faceplant that urinal. Not the best look before or after dinner.
4	Food was great, service good. Only thing keeping it from being 5 stars is it was very very expensive.
4	Thanksgiving must be coming up soon, because I am feeling thankful for Moishe's $25 late-bird (is that a term?) special. Looking at their regular prices, just for steak, I cringe. The special is, forgive the pun, more than palatable. I had the petit filet mignon, and it was cooked perfectly. One of the best steaks I have eaten, for sure. With the appetizer, pickles, cole slaw, and tea at the end, you can't go wrong for the price. I just wish their regular dishes were more reasonable, dollar-wise. For now, I'll be the Moishe's night owl. Hoooo!
5	Ribeye steak was huge, cooked to perfection.  Chicken soup for appetizer was as good as grandma's.  Plenty of bread provided.  Chocolate cake for dessert was heavenly.  Service was the best.  Great place for dinner as long as you're ok with about $100 a person.
4	There are few true Montreal institutions. Places that you, your parents, your grandparents... heck even maybe your great grandparents know about and respect for what they do. Moishes is one such a place. A place that evokes a certain timelessness and yet still works to this day. Up until last week, I had never been to Moishes. Yes... I know. A combination of factors really. Chief among them is that I am not really a steakhouse guy. I love meat but I can't tell you the last time I actually ordered a steak in a restaurant. If given the choice, I will always select something else off the menu. Steak is one of those things where I don't really see the point of paying a high premium. Just my perception but one that makes me choose to spend that money at a different restaurant than a steakhouse. Moishes has a late night menu where for 25$, you get a entree, a main and coffee/tea. A steal of a deal... and a great way for me to finally try them. So away we go. The late night option includes the normal complimentary pickles, coleslaw and bread which at the time of our reservation was a welcomed sight. Add my usual old Fashioned cocktail and I was ready for a good late night meal on the Main.As appetizers, we selected the salmon tartar and the caesar salad. Both were competent solid dishes. The salmon was not over-seasoned with just the right hint of dill. I would have liked it to be a bit bigger though. The salad portion was good and the dressing was the right combination of flavour without being too rich and creamy.As mains, we went with the steak frites and the filet mignon poutine. The steak was perfectly cooked to order. The cut was leaner and thicker than the typical steak frites you get at the many restaurants in and around Montreal which was a slight surprise but good regardless. The fries were nice, golden and plentiful. Good crisp and seasoning as well.The filet mignon poutine was something I had been curious to try and came away quite satisfied. Same golden fries as above topped with pieces of filet mignon and melted cheese. A very rich and filling dish. The real key here was the perfectly melted cheese that binds everything together into a delicious mess. Definitely a dish I will be having again.My first experience at Moishes was a good one. A place where you see the attention to detail that 75 years in business provides. Great service from beginning to end, a nice dining room space and great food. I admit to be a little surprised to see how casual of dress some of the patrons were... especially when compared to the tables where people were in suits and dresses. Moishes is a place where I feel like a dress shirt is a requirement at minimum but regardless.... I waited a long time before finding coming to Moishes. The wait won't be that long next time.Cheers!
1	This steakhouse really shows its age, in a sad way. Food and service are overrated. Tourists may still go there, along with people who equate dull with reassuring.Do avoid, unless you're invited or dating the wrong person.
4	One of the best steaks I have ever had in my life. I went to Moishe's about a year ago in the coldest winter night I have ever experienced. Although it was freezing, Moishe's had a warm log cabin atmosphere. We had the after 9 menu, which includes an appetizer, main course, coffee/ tea for $25. For a restaurant of this caliber, that is a very good deal. The cole slaw (which I don't even like cole slaw) was amazing. The steak was perfectly cooked how I like it. And the selection of wine was awesome. Every dollar I spent at Moishe's was worth it. I just made a reservation to eat a Moishe's next Saturday. As such, I am super excited.
5	Second time back and not regretting the trip from NYC at all. It's got the old school feel like Sparks steakhouse but yet steaks and sides were up to date with our taste buds. Out waiter, Yoself, is awesome. Must ask for his tables as he's very knowledgable. Home grown from within the restaurant, he knows everything from kitchen back end to serving front end. Steaks were juicy and not dry. Only serving wet aged steaks. I would def come back here each and every time I'm in montreal. Thanks Yoself for everything.  Btw, best cole slaw around and it's free. MUST have: Monte Carlo potatoes. Thanks to Ubi from La Cabane for recommendation. (Right diagonally across the street)
5	Proper old school steak house atmosphere.  Loud enough atmosphere wise but not because they're blasting music out the speakers. Just a vibrant ambiance. Waiter was excellent. Knew his shit and got the job done well. the rest of the wait staff were excellent also. Severs accidentally swapped my dish with my gf's (here's was the Filet Mignon rare, mines med rare).I tasted it rare and it was phenomenal. Medium rare it was still excellent but she asked to swap to what we actually ordered so I had the med rare, it was still great but I preferred the rare. It was cooked to perfection. Sides where the special twice baked potatoes. Cant recall the name on the menu for them but they were absolutely excellent. Overall, fantastic. Definitely recommended and if we're back in Montreal, we'll be back.
4	Outstanding food, ambiance, and service... just not sure it was worth the price tag.
5	Oh.My.God.Where do I begin?Dinner buddy and I recently came across the dine after nine website: dineafternine.ca  where normally high-end restaurants offer reduced-price menus for after 9pm and it's a total steal! We've decided we're going to hit as many of them as possible.So we started with Moishe's Steak house, a real Montreal establishment. This is the kind of place where steaks START at $50 (there's a reason why prices aren't listed on their website), the kind of old-world style of steakhouse where businessmen usually come to end deals, like Peter Luger's for instance in Brooklyn. The  after 9pm menu is far smaller than the main menu but nonetheless, it still gives you plenty of choices to have the whole Moishe's experience. I figured since I was going for the Rib steak, I wanted to start with something light and had the Caesar Salad. Nothing special but good nonetheless. My friend had the salmon tartare and loved it.Both of us ordered Rib steaks and people, it's official, this is the place where you will eat literally the best steak of your life, no joke. Ask for the spices and garlic on top. Crusty on the outside and seared to perfection and made as you wish, I had mine medium-well and it was perfect.  Get the Monte Carlo potato,  the best double-baked potato there is between here and Idaho. The coleslaw, the pickles, the bread, all of it outstanding.Both of us somehow managed to still have some space left for dessert, I had the classic chocolate cake and my friend had the creme brulee. There was not a note out of place anywhere.Moishe's has quite the reputation, while service is brisk, I'm happy that we ended up with a nice waiter. Nothing can turn a meal sour faster than a server with attitude. We ended up with the worst table, right by the door and kitchen but at least it gave us a great view of what was going on in the rest of the dining room and watch who else was strolling in. People say that Moishe's is a fancy dress place. Honestly, I didn't see that much class on display. I saw some real slobs walk in, t-shirts hanging out of jeans, social X-rays and ahem, "ladies of the night", escorts with businessmen and guys who looked like frat boys. The noise level is very high indeed. I have to say watching the parade of people on display is a bit like watching a show, quite colorful and quite the experience.My friend and I decided that we'll come back if at least to try out the rack of lamb.Seriously, just go.
3	Overall, this is said to be an institution in Montreal. We came here for a business dinner with high hopes, but a few things were not to our liking. For one, the tables were tightly packed. We were a party of 8 and they squeezed us to a side, abutting a wall. We were spilling into each other's space, plus almost backing into the diners in the next tables... so it wasn't comfortable and definitely difficult when anyone had to go to the restrooms. Because of this the noise level was high; one can without much effort hear snatches of conversations in the adjacent tables. We had the the prime cut but I found the cooking ordinary and nothing to crow about. I've had better steaks... including at The Keg for example. Portions were too huge by my reckoning so there was inadvertent wastage. But I felt that the worst part was the service. The waiter was an elderly gentleman who appeared a bit jaded. He was inattentive to our needs, and did not make any effort to engage with us. No efforts either to introduce us to the menu or to find out preferences etc. And he was unsmiling throughout the evening. I would expect much higher service quality for the price we paid!I don't think I will come back again.
4	Thank God for their $25 3 course late night menu!I'm a night owl to begin with, so this is perfect for me.I had heard grumbles before that the clientele was snobby and looked down on certain others, I can definitely imagine this is the kind of place that gentlemen were asked to wear a suit and tie to dine here in the olden days.The cheap menu is going to bring a different clientele i can kind of blend into, so it works on so many levels.Their regular steaks are in the $40-50 range, chicken and fish is slightly below, the sides are an extra $5.First nice touch: complementary pickles and coleslaw, normally not a fan of slaw, but this one was the best I've ever had. The baguette was also quite good. I had the chopped liver, tiny scoop with fried onions, very delicious but small in size.Onto the rib steak, the fat is so succulent you will eat it up, do not leave it on the plate, that would be a tragedy. The piece was about10oz in size, so decent, it comes with a decadent Monte Carlo Potato.My friend got the Kobe Burger, it was good, but M:Brgr does it better, Our meal comes with coffee or tea, but no dessert.Dessert was the main drawback, No Millefeuille, no Cheesecake, No Tarte Tatin,so our fourth choice was Panna Cota and Chocolate Cake ($12 each)The price is just too high and the desserts were just ok, but i guess they need to make their money back somehow.The setting is very upscale masculine, people are loud, but that's OK, I like the fact we had a nice table by the window. The service is curt, competent but not overly polite.Their late night menu is tantalizing, and I would love to try every item on there.
2	We had dinner here last night. It was our second time eating at Moishes, and the place had been remodeled since the last time we were there about a decade ago. It looks like the inside of a casino. Wall-to-wall carpet, glass chandeliers, wood paneling. The tables are packed in, and the place was full to the gills on Friday night. It was fairly raucous. The ambiance is not unpleasant; it's just very lively. Perfect for people watching. They seat you and bring bread, good coleslaw and pickles right away, which is nice. We ordered the shrimp cocktail, a ribeye and a porterhouse, fries, a Montecarlo potato and mushrooms. The sides were tasty. The steaks were not. Good quality meat, but it was bland, under spiced, grey on the outside instead of charbroiled. Weirdly enough, Moishes actually sells a brand of steak spice, but there was no evidence of it being used in the restaurant. My ribeye arrived medium instead of medium rare, which is kinda unforgivable at a place specializing in steak. They don't age most of their beef---too bad, because it would be a lot more flavorful. We finished with dessert. The chocolate cake was great; the banana cream pie, not so much (it had a weird, artificial taste and colour). As for the service, it was good. Kind, attentive and efficient. Overall, we had a good time, but it had more to do with the good company than the food. We probably won't be back for another decade.
2	If you're looking for a "classic" place to cross of your list, eat here.   If you're looking for a good meal, think twice.  My wife and I have been traveling around Montreal this weekend, visiting as many "classics" as possible.  Although Moishes had mixed reviews we decided to give it a try.  PROS:-Friendly staff-Quick service (too quick?)-$25 menu after 9 for those on a budget-Coleslaw and pickles were great as a small starter CONS-Steak sauce readily available. I've never seen this at a steakhouse.  Let your meat speak for itself.  -my steak was way too rare for a medium rare.  Reheat was dry and bland and overdone.  Would has preferred a new steak-hamburger meat was very well done and on the dry side-cramped and loudI'm glad I was able to cross this off my list.  For those that are looking for a quality steak house with great ambiance, head over to GIBBYS(Try to)enjoy!
4	I've been coming to Moishe's since I was a kid. It was our go-to family restaurant in the 70s and 80s. The decor has been updated and the waiters are as professional as they come. This is not a fancy restaurant, be comfortable. The portions are a good size so don't fill up on the pickles & cole slaw though you will be tempted to!I always get a half-order of boiled verenikes as an appetizer before my baby shish-kebab. (The best marinated filet mignon on the planet.)On a recent trip with a Moishe's n00b, we were offered a selection of special dry-aged meats. The regular menu was perfect, so I didn't try and my n00bie friend enjoyed his regular rib steak to the point where I had to stop him from ripping the bone in two.We were there as soon as they opened at 5 because we had to make a 7 pm show down the street and we had plenty of time to enjoy our meal but chose to skip dessert.Sure, it's expensive but for the price, you get time-tested quality, experienced staff that won't rush around without seeing you and won't get your order wrong. I still love going there but now that I pay the bill, I prefer to keep it for special occasions when I need to know what to expect!
5	This review is made by a born and raised Alberta beef eater. This restaurant is in my top 3 steakhouses in Montreal. The service is extremely professional and welcoming.  Typically a restaurant that services all the local celebs.  This is definitely a restaurant to be at at least once a month.  Yummy
3	The meal here was similar to what I have experienced at many other steakhouses.  The food is way overpriced and the quality is marginal.  We went for the 45 dry aged Porterhouse steak and it arrived cooked very well but lacking in seasoning and all of the character you come to expect and pay for in a dry aged steak.  The sides were very average as well.  The one good thing was the service.  We had a big group and they handled everything well.  Definitely not the best choice in Montreal.
3	Pretty good ambience and the crowd was great. The service was good, chicken was okaish but the steak was good. Will try this again if I visit montreal again.Good place to have a fancy dinner.
5	BEST steak in town!!!! The creme brullee is amazing   everytime we go its the exact same thing , I love it so for a good steak & a night out go to this plsce!
5	I come here quite often and love the late night menu before a weekend night out. The service is always great they try and accommodate any request you may have. One of the best steaks in Montreal which is saying a lot because Montreal know its steak. Have always had the steak cooked to perfection. The coleslaw is the best i have had and the Monte Carlo potato is the only thing you should have with your steak. Great selection of wine and they will make any drink you may want. Very classy and they know how to make every visit a great dining experience.
5	I AM BEYOND IMPRESSED.As a major foodie coming from Southern California for Spring break, I have ate my hearts out around Orange County but this place. This place is something special. The service was amazing! My glass of water was never empty for more than 1 minute. The server was very informative and helpful. He really knew his cows. Finally decided on Filet mignon, medium rare. BEST. I Have EVER had. Morton Steakhouse has nothing on this mother Spaceship of a Steakhouse... I always thought people sounded so stupid when they said meat melted like butter in my mouth until this filet mignon melted in my mouth, LITERALLY like butter. Okay. You get my point. WHAT THE BUCK ARE YOU WAITING FOR! GOGOO!!! Good luck foodies :) muah xo PS THE MASH POTATOES ......... #idiedofhappiness
5	Very impressive. Had ribeye (aged). Prepared with garlic and spices. Incredibly soft and delicious and packed with flavors. The pureed potatoes and spinach sides were fabulous. Cole slaw and pickles to start were yummy. Gotta say it was one of the more memorable steaks I've ever had which says a lot. Decor leaves something to be desired and mixed crowd which was quirky. Absolutely worth a visit. They also have a special menu after 9pm which seems more reasonable but I didn't try that.
1	12 went for dinner. Service was great. Steaks were all very undercooked and horribly bland. Tasteless and chewy. Some sent theirs back and they came back dry. Have been there many times over the years and enjoyed it tremendously each time. This steak dinner was one of the worst dinners I've ever had. Won't be back.
1	Rather disappointing! Rude hostess (terrible start), disorganized service (the staff simply could keep it together during the service), and just a very mediocre experience. Nice decor, but the food was subpar (do not recommend the tartare, and I felt that the steak was just average). It was a bit too much of an unapologetic 'holier than thou' vibe. While I can deal with all that, it's the simply unconcerned attitude that's simply disheartening, considering I wanted to like this place so much, for a place that touts itself as a go-to Montreal eatery.
2	Steak was ok... Service was ok... Extremely loud. The kids liked their meals, but steak is bland.
5	This is one of the "Essentials" of Montreal. I mean, this is arguably one of the best meal experiences you will ever have.While an expensive restaurant in itself - it has the $25 fixed price menu, which can include Steak Frites or the Rib-Eye - available from Thursday to Sunday past 9PM. You get unlimited pickles/coleslaw/bread, but dont fill up on those as the steak is a marvel.Nothing more to say - just go have it. The place is a bit crowded, but that shows it is a good place. It has the old ambiance, almost Mafia-style type of place, where I can see Al Capone type of mobsters wearing coats and hats walking in and enjoying a steak. The tables are the old original ones in the restaurant.Service is a bit snooty (esp for the "poor" people that are having the cheap menu) - but who cares. I am there to stuff my face with a delicious steak and not to have a fun conversation with the waiter. Ours wasn't the best guy, but my food was delivered promptly, pickles/coleslaw/water glass always got replenished and never had an issue with anything.If you decide to go for the $25 menu - it doesn't include wine. The cheapest glass is like $15 or something, so that can add heavily to the cost. But hey, whats a steak with no wine???Fantastic place, excellent atmosphere, will always come back.
5	For our first dinner in Montreal this was the perfect location. My wife and I decided to split a ribeye steak and we made the right decision. The steak was 22 ounces and cooked to perfection with a twice baked potato that was a great complement to the steak. The service was impeccable and they even brought a complimentary piece of chocolate cake for my wife's birthday which was also excellent. This restaurant is a must go if you are in Montreal and looking for a great steak.
5	Moishe's is a steakhouse that is bigger than the food and because the food is terrific they get a 5 star rating. A Montreal landmark and part of the city's history. Go for the Thursday night special after 9:00 PM (reserve a few days in advance to get a reservation close to or at 9) and get the Rib Steak or Moishe's Special Chicken. Don't mess around with that gimmicky filet mignon poutine stuff. Try the chopped liver if as an appetizer if you're into that and try not fill up on coleslaw, pickles, and bread. The best on table freebie combo out of any steakhouse I've been to. Oh, and get a Shirley Temple.
3	I went for the $25 deal after 9pm on a thursday. I made an online reservation for 9:15pm, but we still had to wait 35 minutes to get seated. When we got there, the place was really packed. So you'll probably want to make a reservation if you're going. I ordered the Rib Steak. It wasn't really the best steak i ever had. It was okay. Not worth $55 in my opinion if you come on a regular time. Little bit too salty and more chewing than i expected for this type of restaurant. But the Filet mignon was good. I would definitely get the Filet Mignon. It's very tender and not a lot of chewing. And the baked mash potato is good too. The service was very slow, which is kind of expected when the whole place is packed. I would come back here for the $25 deal after 9pm, but never for the regular hours for the expensive price. Food 4 starsService 2.5 starsOverall I'll give it a 3 stars.
4	Based on a recommendation from a local, we decided to check this place out. I ordered the filet mignon and grilled shrimp, both were extremely delicious, and the meat was very tender. In addition, service was quick and efficient. Only things I think that could be improved are:1) French fries - pretty standard fare, 2) Chicken soup - I could be spoiled by my wife's chicken soup, but the flavors were pretty bland and noodles were a little overcooked. Overall, I would definitely recommend this restaurant to others.
1	Food is ok.  Nothing great, typical steak house food, could go anywhere and get the same thing for less money. We were her for a bachelor party, the owner comes to the table ask says hello and asks to say something to the bachelor. Everybody at the table gets quite thinking he was gonna say something nice or a toast, and he says, COULD YOU KEEP IT DOWN.  Then he walks away. Asked the waitress if we could talk to him again he said he would,did not come back. Saw him as we were walking out, asked to see him, walks away said he is busy. Called us "dirty Indians"as we were walking out.  Thanks for showing us your true colors.
4	This is a great old steakhouse.  The steak was delicious.  Perhaps we went on an off night because they ran out of porterhouse and the steak came out cold.  The steak was really delicious and the service and atmosphere were great so I'm really going to chalk it up to an unlucky night because all the sides were delicious and I really can't complain about anything else.  I would definitely give this place another chance because if you can love it even after eating cold steak, it must be good.
3	The service was delightful, the potato possibly the best twice baked I've ever had, and the Mille Feuille dessert was heaven. (The third star was won by the dessert alone!) But the steak was just ok. We had the special 45-day aged bone-in Rib Eye. They cut it off the bone for you and reassemble it. It was cooked to temp (med rare) but otherwise... just ok. Not juicy (the dry aging must have an impact) and no real flavoring. I'm not one to say you should over season a perfectly good steak, but the strongest flavor was simply the charcoal from their proudly charcoal-only grill. A fellow Kansas Citian had recommended it to us, but many KC'rs will have had better and for much less.
4	Always great. But still pricey!
5	quite simply, this restaurant is an institution. great service, old school atmosphere and fantastic food. i like the casual atmosphere not common in fancy steak restaurants. make sure you get the signature potato side. amazing.
5	The after 9 menu is really about as good as it gets.  The steak is one of the best I've ever had, the Monte Carlo potato is unbelievably rich and delicious, and the baguette, pickles and coleslaw are perfect (well, almost...the cole slaw is maybe just a little too sugary). But at less than 50$ (with a beer) for top notch food, service, and ambiance, this really is a deal after 9!
5	I love Moishe's. Simply the best steakhouse in Montreal. I've had their steaks, Atlantic cod and salmon. All were superb. My boyfriend loves their coleslaw, he ends up having 2 plates full by himself. Lol. The price is expected for the type of service and food you get. Staff is always ready to tend to you and very polite. We've never made reservations before and they have always had room for us,  no matter how packed it was. This place is well worth it, you won't regret a thing.
4	The pickled salad was great throughout the course.  So crunchy and fresh and free!   The carpaccio was very underwhelming but the 45 day aged prime ribeye steak more than made up for it.  You can definitely taste the aging process with the strong beefy and at some point blue-cheese like smell and flavor.  I was pleasantly surprised that the ribeye cap was quite large which is my favorite part of the ribeye steak that is also the most marbled.The only thing they could have improve on was to make it bone-in.  A must have while in MTL. :)
5	Excellent Beef and service. What a good place to eat in Montreal!!!
4	If you have a costco membership, i'd recommend to go there and get the gift certificate card. It will help you save around 15 $ if I recall.So we were a group of 10 people and we went there on a sunday night. I was surprised that even on a sunday night, it was quite busy. Right after we sat down, we were welcomed with a basket filled with warm breads and butter on the side, with pickles and cole slaw. Everything was great. We even asked for a refill and they didn't charge us extra~I ordered the salmon tartare and also the beet salad to start, and to be honest, it wasn't really impressive, so skip the entrees...since they weren't that appealing.As for our main courses, my boyfriend and I ordered the lamb chops and he ordered the 45 days old steak which was pretty juicy. We also ordered the double baked potato and it was heavenly good. The lamb chops were tender and they brought out this mushroom sauce on the side that you can put on your lamb chops if needed. I got the chance to try the filet mignon poutine and it was something that is worth its price!As for desserts, we got the mille-feuille and it was way too big for one person. It's definitely a dessert that needs to be shared with 1-2 other people, but it was good. My friend ordered the lime tarte and i had the chance to taste it, it was good and not too sweet. Really creamy too.  The waiter was really attentive and was nice to us although we came in late and they kept refilling our glasses and ask us if everything was alright. Usually, when we are in a big group, we tend to get ignored, but the waiters were always keeping an eye on us.
5	One of my favorite steakhouse in Montreal.Everytime my boyfriend and I come for dinner the service is always great and the food is delicious.  We always come after 9 pm for their $25 late night menu between Thursday to Saturday.
4	Great food, great atmosphere. We had steak of course and it was fantastic. The Service was excellent and the decor is a modern take on the good old days, i would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal.
