5	The atmosphere is a little...  cramped.  And the layout is awkward in general.  And I have to be honest the logo doesn't excite me.But food is the important thing, so let's get to that.  Me had some Southwest Chicken Sandwich with some sweet potato fries.  And they were decadent.And the portions were large!  I am a pretty decently sized guy and that sandwich was pretty big.  And the sweet potato fries lived up to my expectations.I don't always give five stars, but suffice it to say, this place motivated me into writing Yelp reviews again.
4	Ahh. chicken wings. The low carb dieters best friend! Tasty, indulgent and very low carb - what else could you ask for? We've hit up BW3 quite a few times lately, but my husband was getting fed up with the tiny little wings and tough meat. Oh and you know how sometimes you get the "mini chicken leg" looking pieces and sometimes you get those flat pieces? I like the little legs and at BW3 in an order of 24 we were getting like 3 mini legs - WTF! In search of a better wing in Henderson, we tried this place. Prices were pretty comparable with BW3. $20ish for an order of 24 wings with 3 different sauces. I did enjoy the variety in their menu, however -burgers, cheese steaks, etc. Something to keep in mind for later. The place was small-ish (definitely wouldn't do dine in!), but was great for take out. We get the wings home and WOW! Huge wings. I can normally put away 12 wings at BW3, I had trouble finishing 8 wings from here. So meaty and tender and delicious. Great list of sauces, too. Mild - this was simply Frank's red hot out of the bottle. Use this to gauge if you need to step it up to medium, or stick with mild. Garlic parm - OMG so much better than the garlic parm at BW3! So tasty and coated in parm! yum! Sweet BBQ - husband enjoyed this, although they were a bit over sauced.I think we've officially found our go-to wing place in Henderson. Huge succulent wings! Tasty sauces! No more mini wings at BW3 for us (ok except for mb on Tuesday or something when they discount em) .
4	I am not sure out you can rate this place less than 4 stars. Honestly, who cares if this place has 6 tables or no tables, it's all about the food right?I had this place for the first time on Monday. I have to say that the wings were really good! This place ranks next to Wingstop, not saying this place is better or worse but is just as good! Honestly, it's better than BWW!As for on review said the medium was hot to some people, he is right but its a finger licking hot! The ranch dressing has a great taste as well. The hot is really hot! It has crushed red peppers in it. The food selection is like BWW but the differance is that everything is made to order - BWW cooks all their wings at once and places them in a wraming oven. If you are going for the wings, make sure you tell them it's your first time so they can tell you about the 10+ differant sauces. If you live in the Green Valley/Henderson area, I suggest you try this place and stay away from BBW unless you are going with a big group of people. I will be back at this place soon for more wings.So far, here are my top wing places:1) Wingstop (Trop/Decatur)2) Wing Grill and Cafe (Wingwam/Pecos)3) Remadys (St. Rose/Seven Hills) - Get the hot!
4	Place is small with seating for 14. Menu is large and extensive. The portions are big... The food is good... Only problem... No soda fountain... Gotta buy soda, snapple, water in bottles... Overall... It's excellent...
5	Best wings in town, the wraps are awesome. Mark my words this place will grow and become famous. Five stars
4	Hot Buffalo Garlic Wings and a basket of curly fries Made my night here yesterday.This is the second time I had wings here.  The first time, we stumbled on this place on accident too, but they were so good that we came back for more.  My all time favorite has always been wing stop's lemon pepper wings and a basket of fries, but since it is a bit far, I haven't had any for a while.  BWW is close, but they don't have lemon pepper wings.  This place doesn't have the lemon pepper either, but made me like the hot buffalo garlic sauce!  We always get the deal where you can chose between 12 wings or 8 tenders, fries or onion rings, and a drink.We (two of us) get the 12 wings, curly fries (added $1), and a drink...all for 11.95 (12.95), and still had fries left.Like other have said, it's a tiny place, but it felt homey.  The lady owner is super nice.  I definitely recommend!
5	I would have rated this a four but the customer service was outstanding. Its nice to go to a place were they make you feel like your business is truly appreciated.I had a buffalo chicken wrap which was delicious and surprisingly massive. I think it could use a bit more buffalo sauce and then it would be perfect.I cant speak for  the wings yet but from the other reviews, if you live on hot wings and are looking for the best wings in las Vegas, i guess their not here but if your looking for a vast selection of good food with large portions at a good price this is it.
4	I ordered a chicken caesar wrap and wrap as long as my arm came out. AWESOME! It better be big for the $7.95 that I paid with out fries or a drink. Customer Service was great!!Only one suggestion, they should have more lunch specials, or specials in general that include chips/fries and a drink. Buying each item seperate can be expensive!If you're going to take out, order over the phone first. The wait is about 10-15 mins after order.
5	Yummy! Great service family restaurant...and they are open again!!
1	I have never submitted a review for any place, but because of my recent experience I have signed up to write this review.  I used to LOVE this place, it quickly became my favorite place to eat over the last few months; however things quickly changed today.  There is a new cook, and a new girl taking orders at the front counter.  Me and 5 co-workers ordered 20 minutes ahead of time over the phone.  When we arrived we waited 15+ minutes before the lady acknowledged we were there.  The lady hardly spoke english at all.  Some of my friends had meat that was as close to RAW as you can get, and the food I usually get was terrible, cold, and small portions.  One of my friends with us ordered chicken wings, and they completely forgot to cook those wings and told us we needed to wait another 10 minutes to cook the wings.  No apologies for the wait or forgetting to cook some of the order, nothing friendly at all.  This should be basic customer service.  We were told the previous managers/workers were no longer with the company.  We met some other former "regulars" in the store and they were also complaining of the food and service because it was terrible.  This was by far my favorite place to eat until now, I don't plan on ever going back.Update:  This is where terrible service gets you, this place is now CLOSED!!!
2	This review is solely based on the wings. I haven't tried anything else on the menu here yet.We ordered the wings in three different sauces - sweet & spicy, buffalo, and garlic buffalo. It was, admittedly, a challenge ordering. There was definitely a language barrier, as well as an unfamiliarity with standard wing lingo (i.e. wet).The breading on the wings basically ruined them entirely. It was all way too soggy. After eating a couple, they literally became inedible. However, the sauces were pretty solid. The garlic buffalo was my favorite. The regular buffalo was my least favorite. I appreciated that with each sauce, you can choose mild, medium, or hot. For example, we ordered sweet & spicy medium, buffalo hot, and garlic buffalo medium. And I liked that the medium was actually medium (if not even hot). If you don't like things spicy, definitely stick to mild only here.But alas, it didn't matter how much I liked the sauces if I couldn't stand the wings. The sauces were good enough, though, that I would come back to try some of the other menu items that sound tasty. However, I also have to take off points for the ranch and blue cheese dipping sauces. They were downright awful. So bad that I couldn't even bare to dip the bad wings in them.
1	I didn't like their customer service.  I called in to ask whether they had a TV for customers to watch if the customers decide to eat in.  The lady heard the word "TV" and said I called the wrong number and hung up.  Called back again, and as soon as she heard my voice, she hung up.  Is this the kind of service you want?  I won't be going back there.
2	This is a review of the wings; there are a lot of other items on the menu to try.  I got the 8 wings/fries combo plate and a Coke for about $10.  I found the wings tough and dry, even with the sweet BBQ sauce.  A much better alternative is The Chicken Shack (and I intend on visiting Buffalo Wild Wings soon).  The sad part is that it was completely empty on a Saturday afternoon (probably in part because there was no A/C), and everybody kept passing this place up in favor of Teriyaki Madness, right next door.  I think the reason for the poor business is the location...it's tucked away in the corner of a shopping center where the main attraction is a 24-Hour Fitness...obviously those types of people aren't going to get their jollies throwing away all their hard work on chicken wings.  Oh well.
1	I am mad that ha had to give this place even 1 star. See the old reviews were pretty good then the newer reviews are mostly bad. This place changed ownership and the new management is rude. The food isnt the same. Its very bad actually. I used to call in and order take out when I was in town about 2-3 times per week. I called right after they changed hands. The woman on the phone said she didnt know what I was talking about and hung up on me. I was confused. I went there and figured there was a miscommunication but it was all new staff. I ordered any way. The food was different. I was treated like I was not welcome. I thought I would complain to the new owner. I was dealing with the new owner all along! DONT GO HERE. Their food isnt fit for dogs and they have such bad attitudes.
1	Every time I call I always get the recorder. They seem to never be open. It is right now 4:45 in the afternoon and they do not answer the phone to place an order. I'm not sure they really are a company. How can you eat there if they don't answer the phone?
