4	We sat outside at Laylas, full sunshine, faint breeze. The koresh bademjan and chicken with walnuts and pomegranate sauce were delicious, with a beautiful saffron and white rice pilaf. For dessert : mint tea served in Layla's grandmother's own tea glasses , with dates and baklava. Delicious food, and we didn't even get to try the Dolmeh Bademjan.  We'll be back!
4	This space has been through a lot of restaurants. It's a hole in the wall and you need to walk into an area that is not much larger than a window well to get there. However, I've always considered the spot rather magical, and these owners have worked to make it seem cozy. It is warm and welcoming.The food. For $8, I got a lunch plate with chicken on a skewer. This was the star of the show. It was incredibly moist and falling apart as I removed it from the stick. The yogurt sauce was a nice compliment to the basamati rice (I belive it had saffron in it as well) and the long roasted banana pepper was a nice touch. To start, I received a crunch collection of peppers, cucumbers, etc. in a zingy vinaigrette. If you like small spaces with pizazz and the sound of your meal sizzling soon after your order, Layla's is worth a visit. Nice, friendly owners and excellent service.
4	The food is good! I just hope they're becoming more consistent with the hours. Very reasonably priced, delicious Iranian food!
4	Welcome to the only outpost in town where the chef is also the waitress, table buster, and owner.  In spite of this wearing of multiple hats, it actually works. The Persian stews are amazing - gormeh sabzi, fessenjon (our favorite) - and koobideh (kabbob). We've also recently tried the Saturday brunch menu and that was delicious. I certainly hope Layla's stays in business because it's a much needed addition to Madison's Middle Eastern food selection. Layla has typically been responsive on her facebook fanpage, and also takes requests for certain special occasions.Here's an old review in the Isthmus were we learned about her restaurant: http://m.host.madison.com/entertainment/dining/restaurant-news-layla-s-persian-food-opens-in-old-cafe/article_14d28a1c-de08-506e-889b-638688c4c778.html?mobile_touch=true.
5	Layla's is probably one of the best things that I just happened to stumble upon, and it's funny considering how I only just noticed it a few days ago given how many times I walked past the spot. From my experience, it's an amazing lunch spot. It has a very easy going atmosphere, as the space is just a couple rooms in the lower floor of a building, and since the place rarely has more than a few other people in it, it's very quiet. In some settings this can be off putting, but around the Capitol it's a pleasant rarity to find a place so peaceful. Also, Layla (I think it was Layla at least) is the cook and server, and she's very sociable, and makes you feel welcome in her space.In terms of food, it hits the spot in many ways. I ordered one of their stews (all of which can be made vegan, for those with diet restrictions), and it was a perfect lunch. The stew I ordered was a pomegranate walnut sauce, with butternut squash (vegan version only), and it was delicious with the side of rice. The salad you can get beforehand may be basic, but it's very yummy for what it is. Finally, GET THE BAKLAVA. It'll melt right in your mouth and make you go mmmmmmm. My entire meal was merely $9 as well, and it was well worth every cent.The only con to Layla's I can think of are the hours. It's only open for lunch on weekdays, so pretty much anyone who doesn't work right in downtown won't have the chance to experience it. I'm sure it would do fine business on weekends, so Layla should consider having it open then. But if you can go to Layla's, then you definitely should!
4	A little hidden gem near the State Capitol. Layla's only serves lunch. We came around this place at 1pm and there was only 3 entrees left. So, arrive early if you have specific items to try out. Entrees are pre-cooked and come with basmati rice and salad/soup, so you can get food very quickly once you sit down. Layla's is located in the half-basement of a hostel on Butler st. Kinda a hole in the wall place. But I usually care very little but the decor of a restaurant. Layla's also feels magical. I thought i was suddenly jumped to a backpacker's home somewhere far far away from Madison. We had Ghormeh sabzi (lamb slow cooked with greens and beans) and Fesenjoon (Chicken cooked in walnut pomegranate sauce). I have close to zero knowledge on Persian food, but i really like my food! $8 each for a lunch meal, seems to me very reasonable for what i got. Cash only.
5	This is a great spot for lunch if you are downtown. They have vegan and vegetarian options. I had the vegan stew which was delicious. The menu is seasonal so everything tastes fresh. Everyone really enjoyed what they ordered, with the ultimate favorite being the baklava so save room for it!
4	I ate there for lunch based of a recommendation from a coworker and it was very good.  I got a grass fed lamb dish (can't remember the name) that has cilantro and it was quite tasty.  I really wanted the Baklava, but the owner mentioned that it didn't turn out well so she didn't want to sell a project she thought was inferior to her standards.  She did however give me a piece at no cost and offered to give me a free piece on my next visit.  Talk about great service!  Even though it wasn't to her standards it wasn't that bad.  I'm looking forward to trying it when it is up to her standards.
5	Amazing. Layla is a very fun host, and the food is great. What more can you ask for?I had a lamb kabob and, since I don't eat rice, Layla was kind to replace that with a large salad that was equally tasty. Balanced seasoning in the meat, and a refreshing salad with just the right amount of dressing. Everything was fresh, the meat was hot, and the service was witty.
5	Eating at Layla's is a great experience. She's a one-woman shop and, wow, can she cook.  We got there later in the evening and she was sold out of two entrees: the vegetarian option and a lamb dish.  Layla recommended the chicken and it was delicious; as was the cucumber/pepper/tomato salad and the out-of-this-world baklava!   The baklava is a must-order.  We highly recommend Layla's... not only for the food, but the entire experience.   It felt like we were eating a romantic dinner at an old friend's house! Dinner hours are not regular at this point so be sure to check out the Facebook page.
5	Great food and and a great price. Will be back regularly. The lamb kabob was excellent.
4	FRIEND: We're at Layla's! FRIEND'S MOM: Where's that?!FRIEND: Butler.COREY: Tell her it's been here for a year.FRIEND: It's been here for like a year!FRIEND'S MOM: (upon arrival) OBSURE! That's the conversation a friend had this past weekend on the phone with her mom when we went to celebrate Layla's one year anniversary in a wee little basement on Butler down the way from The Bayou. Yes, it's obscure. Yes, the hours are limited. But what she lacks in square footage and open hours, she more than makes up for in flavor and friendliness. I knew when Layla sat down to talk to us about how to make her insanely delicious spicy eggplant spread that came with the appropriately named starter, "Breads & Spreads" we were in good hands! Despite the fact that she had a few other tables outside and in doors at her quaint space, she was excited to chat about the ingredients and the process she uses to roast her eggplant, she even grabbed one from the kitchen to show me what it looks like so when I attempt to replicate the spread at home, I'll know what I'm looking for.Layla's will also forever be emblazoned in my mind as the first place I ever ate a whole trout. Like I'm talking here's your foil wrapped trout. With bones. And eyes. Fins too. I was a little put off at first, but once I stuck my fork in Jacques (that's what we decided to call him) none of that mattered... it was DELICIOUS. Probably some of the best cooked fish I've had in a long while. The fresh tomato and cucumber salad was also delicious, and we have the abundant Dane County Farmer's Market to thank for that. In addition to a few local purveyors where Layla sources some meats, she hits up the market most Saturdays to pick up ripe produce to use in a menu of about 13 dishes. There's lamb, chicken, beef, Jacques the fish, and a smattering of vegetarian options as well. Don't leave without having a piece of Persian baklava, which isn't as cloyingly sweet as it's distant Greek counterpart. Everything about the evening was absolutely perfect except the fact that this was a fluke and Layla's isn't open evenings. She made it sound like once the demand is there, she'll extend her hours, so go give it a try during lunch, tell a few friends, and let's collectively try to get her to test out just weekends!
5	My absolute favorite food in Madison. Layla is just amazing and her place couldn't be homier and better value for your money. If they served her food at L'Etoile, I'd be fine paying their prices for this quality food. Always amazing flavors and seasonings. I want to see her succeed even though it pains me to think her place will need to grow. If you care about cozy atmosphere and stellar food, go here.
5	My friend brought me to Layla's last night and it was such a treat. It felt like I was walking into my grandmothers kitchen with warm smells of latkes and tea. We feasted on unlimited latkes, soup and salad, all of which were delicious (and a super reasonable price). Layla also specially made latke sauces to meet our dietary restrictions...and they were all delicious!!! Layla spent time chatting with us when possible and is sassy and super fun. I will definitely be going back!
