5	I don't really want to tell you 'bout this place. Should I? Maybe I shouldn't. After all, it's a gem. Maybe I should be selfish and keep it to myself. Yeah, I really don't want to tell you how great this place is. I don't want to tell you that the bartender is one of the most friendly, funny and attentive guys I've seen behind the bar (why I can't remember his name right now, I don't know). I don't want to tell you that the drinks are served strong and fast. I don't want to tell you that there's live music to please your ears - and get your foot tappin'. Nor do I want to tell you that you can play darts or pool in a very, very casual and laid back atmosphere. You see, I love going to Pat Murphy's. No pretensions. No fuss. Just real people - some more rough around the edges than others - enjoying "going out" as it should be enjoyed. Don't expect state-of-the-art dart machines or unscratched pool balls. This isn't your trendy bar. It's no dive, either. It's exactly what you want when you just want to chill out, have a few really well-made drinks and hang out with friends.No, I don't want to tell you that this Irish Pub is quickly one of my favorites in the Valley. But, since you asked, I guess I have to.
4	A great place to just hang out and enjoy the company of friends.  I've been here many times to listen to their open blues night and have always enjoyed myself.  They've got pools, darts and video games to entertain yourself and your friends.
1	Ok, seriously, I gave this place 1 star but only because they have my favorite Irish Ale on tap - and they should because it's an Irish pub.  I suppose it would be an "okay" place if you want to hang out in a neighborhood bar and play pool and/or video games and drink at a mediocre price.  I read on their white board that they have a live blues band a couple of nights a week (Fri/Sat maybe?), which, if they're decent, could be pretty cool.Anyway, let me walk you through my experience...It's Tuesday night and my friends want to go to a karaoke place.  Why they chose this place I will never know.  I was actually a little scared when we walked up.  Some of the patrons were outside smoking and they looked a little rough around the edges.  Now, I'm really not one to judge based solely on appearance, but...  I digress.The bar itself is laid back.  Wood paneling, some high tables, low tables, long bar with stools.  Plenty of room for big groups.  I would say there were a couple dozen people there which is pretty good for a Tuesday night.  I didn't visit the bathroom because I was scared to see what it looked like.The bartender was just ok.  I got my first drink (draft beer) pretty quickly.  However, when I went up to the bar for a second beer, the bartender was nowhere to be found.  I stood there for about 10 minutes.  She finally came back in after her smoke break and poured me a beer.  I still tipped her because that's how I roll.The karaoke was AWFUL.  The song selection was large, but I couldn't seem to find any of my regular songs, which are popular hip-hop songs from the current decade.  If you're into singing Limp Bizkit, Metallica, Pantera and other songs from way back in the day, this place is definitely for you.  You will be entertained by middle-aged obese men moshing next to their table and growling into the microphone, while the host either sings uninvited backup or makes out with her boyfriend.  But that's not even the best part.My friends and I wanted to sing a specific song and the host overheard us.  She said cool.  We tipped her (heavily) so she would move us up in the rotation.  We waited about 20 minutes.  Then, she came over and said she didn't have that song.  Surprise.  We asked her to move our other songs up in the rotation and she said no problem, but she did ask me to change my selection (?) for some reason.  I didn't and I really wish I could have gotten my money back.It's the most ridiculous karaoke experience I have ever had in my life and I won't be repeating it... ever.  I guess that's what I get for going to a local Irish pub to do karaoke!
4	we used to go to this place all the time all the time to play pinball, cuz they have addam's family, which is the 2nd greatest pinball game ever, duh.they have an amazing setup for darts--probably the best place to play darts in central phoenix--and a bunch of pool tables. sometimes they have bands playing, usually some older dudes. the bartenders are nice and once one of them told us that we should be john lennon and yoko for halloween which was the awesomest thing a bartender has ever said, ever.they have karaoke a lot, but usually it kind of sucks, because the people that run it are kind of a little too into themselves and do that whole annoying back-and-forth thing like they think they are funny (they're not). and they're the only ones that really even do the karaoke. no one else does it. also they sing, like, korn and eminem songs.they have a white chocolate beer on tap, but i don't like it, it's creepy. they might(?) have food (they do have a menu), but i've never seen it actually get made. or eaten.
1	Against my better judgment, I went to Pat Murphy's again. I mean, it's right around the corner from my house and they have Smithwicks on tap. Plus, my friends were going for karaoke and I hadn't seen them in awhile.Still a dump. Still lame. Still hate it.
4	Dump sureBeer sureKaraoke sureBad karaoke YESCrazy Cowboy guy Hell YesThis place is a total dive, but serves beer and has pool and karaoke. We had a good time but doubt I would ever need to be there again. Cowboy was the coolest part. That man has found the secret to life.
4	On a mission for karaoke on a Friday night, a convoy of Yelpers ended up at this DIVE!Nice selection of beers on tap, pool tables, darts and karaoke.  Cowboy is my new guru, he knows what's up!  If it weren't for a terrible headache I would have probably closed this place down.  It was a fun visit that's fo' sho'!
5	In the wake of the CMYE@PCG there formed a rebel band of Yelp mercenaries on the hunt for karaoke: there was the leader, Tiffany B, with an enchanted blackberry map fueled by starlight and charisma she pooled together her powers of navigation and tied her curly locks back in anticipation of the voyage to come. There was her first Lt. Dante M with a fearlessness that bordered on the reckless, his was a stalwart courage feuled mostly by alcohol and brazen contempt for authority. There were the Brothers C, Ryan and Daren, two exemplary soldiers of fortune whose fame/infamy had become a thing of legend. There was Dolores G, the champion and primary breadwinner of the ensemble.  There was Chris B, a beserker, tenor, and master crafstman. And finally there was Robert O, perhaps the most enigmatic and mysterious figure of the group he stood on the precipice of reality and greatness. Some would deem him a young Hemmingway, or a more talented Ryan Seacrest- at any rate his presence lent creedence and semblance to a group whose sole purpose was to butcher pop songs at the seediest bar they could find.Their journey first took them down the long and winding paths of 16th st, to a charming but treachorous haven of filth that belonged to Phil, upon arrival it was evident their Karaoke treasures were not to be found here. Onward their travels took them to their final destination- Pat Murpheys house of sin/shame on 32nd st and Thomas.The drinks flowed, the songs were sung, Hearts were broken microphones were dropped, and Cowboy was on the top of his game (a sagacious old fool whose coolness rivaled the marlboro man) spinning his cowboy hat in the parking lot like a whirling dervish. cowboy had a wisdom and charm that is unmatched. As the night dragged on and the songs became more desperate, I found my drunk to be wavering and my wallet to be in want of funds, i said my goodbyes and took my leave of the company and wandered into the night whence i'd came.
4	"You know the problem with young women?  They're too much work!"-CowboyThis guy was my hero.  I have never seen a man so happy.  He walked around in his boots, jeans, teal cowboy shirt, and cowboy hat.  This man has figured out was life is about and is quick to show you.  He dances around spinnin' his hat, playin' pool, and wooin' the ladies.  He gives his pearls of wisdom to those that will listen, and leaves the rest alone.  Bartender was fantastic, friendly, and poured a mean Guiness.  The karaokestador (there may be another name for someone who leads karaoke but I can't think of one) was great.  I almost got us all kicked out by droppin the mic after a song but she quickly realized this group was way too much fun for that.  As the night went on she warmed up to us and struggled to let us leave at closing time.  We sang, we laughed, we drank, and we had a great time.  I live fairly close to this place and will likely be back.
