5	Timo is the shit! My SO and I have followed him from his prior shop in Mesa (ugh) to his new shop, 5th Estate, in downtown Gilbert (double ugh). He is worth the drive to BFE, friends! If I recall, Timo apprenticed with Aaron Coleman... which undoubtedly nurtured his sinister streak, which manifests as decapitated severed demon heads (as evidenced by my SO's calf) and such. Don't sweat it, kittens, he also does pretty things too -- all solidly and professionally done. I believe his favorite style is traditional Japanese, but he rocks old-school Americana pretty damn well too. His prices are reasonable, he's gotten really fast, and, maybe most importantly, he's not a dick, a rarity in the tattoo world! Woo hoo!
5	My lovely bride and I decided to get inked to celebrate our 20th anniversary (yeah, we're hopeless romantics. For the record, it was her idea).Prior to this venture, I had a grand total of one tattoo, she had zero. So we don't have a whole lot of experience in this world.But I have been to a few tattoo shops in my day and can definitely say 5th Estate was the least.... seedy... one I've seen. The shop was spotless, the music was great and more importantly, all the people that worked there were totally cool.They treated us with respect and dignity, even though we weren't looking for huge artistic projects. The wife got a small rose on her shoulder and I had a rose added to my existing tat of the state of Texas.Lex was the shizz. Super cool guy, and a terrific artist. VERY reasonable prices and the work was flawless.We may not ever be back, but that's just because the three tats in our combined 101 years of existence makes for low odds of getting more ink. But if I do get another one, I'll be going to Lex at 5th Estate.
5	Mary is one of the best, most gracious artists I've had a chance to work with. She took her beautiful velociraptor painting and applied it to my side with alacrity, clarity, and awesomeness. She has an incredibly light touch and an amazing attitude. I'm still madly in love with my 'raptor, and have named him "Mary" in her honor. Yes, he's a him. Don't hate.
5	Best shop hands down.Lex did my half sleeve a year or two ago. Puerto Rico theme. AMAZING work. Great shop, great atmosphere. Everyone in this shop is a professional. You're paying for GREAT artwork people, that is permanent, on your body. I haven't  had a chance to go back and get more work, but planning on having Lex finish and extend my half to a full sleeve.
1	rock stars went in here and got a rude greeting so i just left there problem who do you know that close a tattoo show at 5 pm
5	Jason is awesome!! Super friendly and really makes you feel comfortable! I would recommend him to anyone and everyone! His work is amazing! I got something simple, just text, but check out his work: cousintattoo.com
5	I got my first tattoo ever there on Valentine's Day.  I went to Mary who was just amazing.  She took three images I sent her and combined them in to the perfect image--one I hadn't even imagined myself. It incorporated my late sister's exact signature. I love it.  I went with my friend who also got a perfect tat from Mary right after me. The place is clean and spacious and a very cool environment.  It took less time than I'd imagined and was beyond reasonable. Actually I thought she didn't charge enough for all the work she put in to it.  Thank you Fifth Estate!  If I decide to get another, I know exactly where to go!
5	Been getting tattooed by lex since 09 Great artist and a great shop .....If your looking for black an grey work lex is the man for that
5	Josh has done the outline of a Ganesh masterpiece.  He drew a better design than what I originally had in mind & explained well  how the changes I wanted to make might be lost in the piece... I appreciated the lesson.  Plus he's an artist & clearly put a lot of work into the design.  Already thinking of what I'll get next!
