5	Award winning staff and very competitive rates. I switched from Progressive as my rates were much lower with JH Insurance Agency. Plus, its through Farmers! A very reputable insurance company. When I went in to sign my paper work, everyone was very friendly and inviting. They were also very helpful and clearly went through every question I had making sure that I no stone went unturned!After doing some internet research, they have been awarded for customer service a few years in a row and it shows!I highly recommend this agency if you are looking for the best rates with the peace of mind that is associated with Farmers!
5	This is the easiest and most reliable agency to work with.  When I email them, I get very quick responses to my concerns and questions.  Their customer service is the best I have seen in the insurance industry.  We have been with this agency for over 5 years.  In that time we have had numerous changes in our lives.  They have been there every step of the way to fulfill our insurance needs. I would highly recommend this agency!
1	I was quoted roughly 162.00 for auto insurance. My card was charged 201.87. Supposedly only the first month was going to be a larger amount than quoted. My card was continued to be charged 201.87. I cancelled the policy 5 days into the month. My card was only credited 66.35. So i was charged 135.00 for barely a week of coverage. Tired of all the insurance companies quoting prices and card being charged a different amount. I do not recommend this company. I agreed to the charge and was charged a different amount. I am sure they are banging me for termination of the policy. Not a fair practice to quote a price then slam the card for a higher amount and when canceling the policy hit them for other fees. I switched to another company and saving close to 100.00 per month on my monthly billing. My car is leased so i have to have full coverage and i have the same coverage with the new insurance company.
5	Was referred here by a friend...He told me these guys beat his previous insurance company's rates on his house and car...I have always stayed away from these large agencies like Farmers because I thought they were more expensive and less attentive.  Well, I was wrong and my buddy was right.  They were able to save me on most of my policies and the ones that were the same price, they actually got me more coverage.  Like if my house flooded they would cover more than my previous company. Nonetheless, I actually just met with the owner, Joe.  He got me my quotes on my business policies and they are less than my current Insurer AND, again, more coverage.  :)I don't usually buy on price. I left my last insurance company for bad service.  These guys are "Johnny on the Spot".  They return calls, are polite, and happen to do all that for less than my previous company did.  I would highly recommend these people!
5	Joe has insured my home, autos, and business for years. They are top rate. The key to a successful business is surround yourself with high quality people and that's what Joe has done. His staff is top notch and very well informed. First class service and competitive pricing make for a great combination.
5	I have been using  the Joe Haas agency for around six years now since moving to Las Vegas.  Was refered by a friend who swore by them.  And wow!  They were right.  Not only did I save over 500 dollars on my auto I also had significant savings on home and busniess policy's!  I recommend them highly, not just for the savings but also for their customer service.   I had a small fender bender and they took care of everything for me.   They are by far the very best agency in town.
5	My car salesman referred me to these guys.  He guaranteed that they would beat my current rate with better coverage.  I was skeptical at first but was intrigued by being with a larger insurance company at a cheaper rate.  Sure enough they beat my current insurance company by 55 dollars a month and had 100,000 more coverage in case something really bad happened. I appreciate how they do business and strongly recommend their services.
5	I've used this agency for the last 6 years.  I most recently had to file a claim.  Rebecca at their office handled everything for me from start to finish.  It's hard to tell how good your insurance company is until you need them to pay for something.  Based on this claim, they are the best!!  I refer all my friends and family to them.
5	Just left the car dealership and got a new car, what was amazing is I called my insurance agent and Joe helped me get the transition between old and new car insurance in less then five minutes!  He faxed the new insurance card to dealership and I was able to drive away in my new car!  Also, the new rate was just about the same!  For a car three years newer!   I strongly recommend you use them.....
5	Switched over earlier this year from Progressive whom I'd been with for over ten years.  Joe was able to cut my deductible in half and still give me a slightly lower rate.  I've been satisfied with my service so far.  Thanks!
5	We've been clients of Joe and his agency for over 10 years. We've received excellent customer service, great rates and honesty throughout the course of our time being customers. I highly recommend Joe and his awesome staff to anyone looking for insurance.
5	I always get fantastic service from the staff here. I had an accident earlyOctober that I thought would take possibly months to sort out. I was worried I would have to follow up, but I was pleasantlySurprised that the claim was settled in about 3 weeks! I even got a new policy done after that which was handledVery rapidly! Stephanie is always great to work with! Thanks so much!
