4	You can't help but marvel at its legend. Check the old signs and jukeboxes and settle in for this greasy spoon. Montreal has some awesome greasy spoons. I always search for them in any city - you get the heartiest dose of a culture there, without a tourism board directing you there. The steamed hot dog with cole slaw on it was great. Loved it. Poutine was fine fine, and I found out that a "Pogo" is a corndog. Cool!
2	Really nothing special by montreal standards. The place is dirty and run down. I don't need my hot dog joint to be spotless, but maybe they should rename this place "brownspot"
4	I have a soft spot for classic greasy spoon's alla Montreal! Green Spot has recently been injected with some new life after its re-design. New shiny light fixtures and floors topped with a nice copper tin ceiling add to the old fashioned feel of the place. If your looking for a great place for breakfast or for you standard diner classics this it. Friendly service and classics, like smoked meat, michigan style poutine and spaghetti and meat sauce. If your in Saint Henri or near the Atwater market stop buy and have a nice greasy breakfast!
5	Best hotdogs and French fries on Notre Dame! To go prices can't be beat, my guilty pleasure. Fries on a dog to go under 2$. But also knee high glass bottles of soda, subs and hot chicken sandwiches.
4	One of my favorite places for poutine. The fries are tasteful and reminds me of my grandpa's. The gravy sauce is so dirty it makes me want to roll myself over in it....ok maybe not that good but close.
4	Came in from Los Angeles for the Radiohead show and left starving with no idea on where to go. Right before jumping on the highway we stumbled upon this place and am now a fan! This was my first time trying poutine so I'll admit I have nothing to compare it to and am not an expert, but I will say it was absolutely delicious! I also ordered a hot dog and it was made perfectly...steamed to perfection with a nice soft bun.Also the staff was extremely helpful. They went out of their way to make me feel comfortable and got my food ready super quick. I highly recommend this place if you want a nice simple diner experience.
5	It's diner licious ! But no draft beer. Souvlaki chicken pita and classic poutines are great.
5	This charming dinner whisks you away to simpler times! It has a very authentic 1950's American dinner vibe. And just so happens to have the greatest chili dogs north of Coney Island! The food is typical diner food, along with some Greek plates and all very reasonably priced. The service has always been excellent and I love drinking a cold coca cola from a tall glass bottle!  Definitely go!
5	The quintessential Montreal breakfast place with fair prices, expert wait staff and great breakfasts. An excellent mixture of tattooed St Henri denizens and police and ambulance folks on meal break.
4	Classic Montreal greasy spoon in a recently revamped diner setting. Staples like poutine and smoked meat, and some new menu items like pizza and souvlaki. Open later on weekends, a great stop for some drunken take out, but equally good for sit down breakfast. Coke in bottles, coconut cream pie, copper ceiling!
4	This is a nice fast food spot that have upgraded the quality of the food since the last time I ate there (in the early 2000s). They now offer a nice variety of poutine, and their plate sizes are pretty decent, especially for the price you pay. And it's opened pretty late at nights, so if you have a poutine craving, this is the place to go in Saint-Henri!
5	One of the last few remaining old-school diners in Montreal. Unlike the new-school diners where you pay exorbitant amounts of cash for pseudo-chi-chi-diner food. The breakfasts here are huge stacked with fat, starch and sugar and the greasy-spoon menu is awesome to boot.  A must for your greasy-intake requirements.
4	This place was such a nice surprise! It's not fancy, it's just your beighborhood joint. We wanted to eat brunch but it was past 3 pm. Then I saw that this place serves brunch all day! I had eggs with french fries and smoked meat and it was both cheap and tasty. The regular coffee was also very good!
4	This is a Montreal landmark and has been here literally forever.Sitting in a neighborhood which is rapidly undergoing gentrification, Greenspot is a reminder of the working-class blue collar roots of the Saint Henri neighborhood back in the day, long before all the factories became chi-chi condos and aging hipsters moved in.Prices have steadily been going up, it's still nice to come here once in a while see the old table-top jukebox selections, order some old classics like burgers and fries or an old fashioned eggs and bacon breakfast. Sometimes it's nice to go to places which don't change very much especially in this hectic day and age.
4	Amazing breakfast.  Old classic spot with menus in french.  The potatoes were so good.  They bring u coffees/cafes as you sit down.  Cool vibe great food.  If your American and want breakfast just go with the "deluxe" you won't regret it.
4	Location: Notre-Dame West. The closest  subway is probably Lionel-Groulx, and street parking is available (metered).The place: Old-school diner type of establishment, with mini jukeboxes on the tables and the menu splattered across the wall. Don't expect fancy decor because you won't get it. The food: I ordered a club sandwich that came with fries and coleslaw. My plate was HUGE! the club was fresh and delicious and the fries were excellent. There's not much more I can say about that.Service: Very slow. We waited a while before anyone came to seat us, then we had to wait again for someone to acknowledge our table. Then we had to wait again for our orders to be taken, then delivered. There seemed to be a hell of a lot of waitresses on the floor so I'm not really sure why service was as slow as it was. Price point: I think the club was $14, but you really get your money's worth. You can easily split the club between two people and leave there feeling satisfied.
1	I just ordered 3 grilled chicken burgers for take out with a friend. Asked the cook to add ketchup, mayo, relish and mustard on the burgers.We get home and there was no lettuce nor tomatoe on the burger and the chicken was very rubbery. Pretty sure it was cooked, cut, frozen and defrosted for our order.Never eating there again.
2	The food is not cheap and is not very good. The place isn't very clean.  It's been open for a long time. If you want to pay for nostalgia rather than quality, this is great.
2	Just an FYI, not many veg* options. Gravy isn't veg, but the pancakes are a little on the massive side. A little flavourless though.
4	I ate a steak & fries (upgraded for a poutine ). Meat was rose and soft. I recommend.  Service was fine, the waitress was super funny and nice.
