2	I usually don't shop at Bashas' and now I know why. I went to the Blockbuster store located in the same strip mall and realized I needed to get something for dinner that I didn't have. Not wanting to waste time driving to another store, I ran into here.Upon walking in, I noticed how old and dirty this place was compared to other markets.  My wife was appalled at the conditions. Her comment to me after we walked out with our grocery bag "Let's never go here again"!I've heard you save some money at Bashas', but I don't think that is the case. I found the prices to be about the same or in some cases more. The meat quality was poor (in my opinion).Some of the check out stands were ones I recall when I was a kid in the 80's. The old turnstiles. I was shocked they had a price scanner given how ancient they were. For me, Basha's doesn't even come close to Fry's, Safeway, Sunflower or Trader Joe's. Bashas' is well below the other chain super markets.
1	I wish I could give this location a big fat ZERO.But you can't.  But I can let everyone know how horrible it is.For starters, their automatic doors do not even work.  I just find that appalling.  How can your doors not work on your store?  How are people supposed to get in there to shop.The manager of this location is nothing more than a jerk.  I asked for help and all I received was attitude.For a struggling supermarket that filed for bankruptcy, I would think service would be one thing you could promote at no cost.  But, not here.I don't think it will be long before this location closes.  RIP!
5	We save a ridiculous amount here.......with a thank you card ;)A couple of people who work here knew we weren't American right away and offered help when we first went to Basha's and made lots of conversation, and still do.You can't really get better than that in a new country. Made a great first impression on us anyways
3	Basha's definitely has a lot to catch up on as far as technology and the layouts of their stores. There prices are definitely a lot higher than Fry's and they don't have as much on sale. Sometimes they have a few things that will be priced really well. The thing that actually has me visiting Basha's every now and then is their Deli. They make pizza there for really cheap and even have meal deal specials every now and then. It is really fresh and their crust is unique in that it's kind of sweet. We really like it, it's definitely a better deal than getting a tiny $5 pizza from somewhere else. I also have to say that there service has also been great; everyone seems like they've been working there forever.
