5	A boutique for sluts. Just kidding. Sluts can't afford to shop here. This is the penultimate store for handmade leather and silk corsets. If you want a well-constructed corset that will literally last forever (unless you unlace it - don't be a retard and unlace it thinking you can re-lace it, it's not gonna happen) and you don't mind spending $300 for it, then this is the place to go. However, whether you are a "dancer" or not, you will be treated like one. While browsing their gigantic collection of leather jackets and wiggle dresses, the owner offered me shopping advice such as, "if you're buying that for work you'll want to think twice because it might be hard to take off..." look lady, just because I'm wearing a Miami Dolphin's tee-shirt doesn't mean I'm a stripper, it means I didn't take a shower today. Prejudice aside, the silk metal boned corset I got here is gorgeous and superiorly constructed, not to mention versatile. They also sell lingerie, fetishwear, legwear, and if you're a "dancer," stripper shoe central is situated right next door (Red Shoes).
5	I absolutely love this store. They carry all sorts of fun stuff...Corsets, waist cinchers, shoes, costumes, lingerie etc. The staff is knowledgeable and they help you out. I've bought several corsets from this store (corsets with plastic boning to leather with metal boning). I bought one corset (leather) for a concert and I stood out in the crowd *(woohoo!)*(which was a great thing to me at least)*lol I do have to agree with the previous review, Do not unlace your corset or else you'll have a grand ol time gettin into it again. Also, don't try to push the corset to the limit ,ie... squeezing into them (how small of a waist can I get?). A friend of mine did that and her corset didnt last that long (even though I told her not to do that).  These corsets will last you a while if you take excellent care of them. Granted, the leather ones will last a bit longer than the fabric ones.Boas! they have colorful boas! Heck I got boa to match my corset! What more can I ask for? Well, Technically I couldve bought a whole concert outfit at this store!They do have a wide selection of corsets with various prices. However if you are "busty" your selection will be minimal (a slight problem my friend ran into). Other than that this store rocks!
5	Despite growing up as a bit of a tomboy, I still love to dress up from time to time. Bad Attitude Boutique is my go to spot when I need something amazing and sexy to wear for a special occasion. There is so much fun stuff here... hot shoes, adorable skirts, full blown Halloween costumes and some amazing corsets, all at decent prices. Good quality merchandise is rarely cheap, and these are good quality corsets. I don't think I have ever left without something, be it a pair of glittery high heels or fabulous fake eyelashes.No bad attitudes with the employees here, service has always been spot on, friendly and helpful but never pushy. I am not sure what I am going to be for Halloween this year, but I know I will be going to Bad Attitude to shop when I figure it out!
4	Bad Attitude is a fun little shop. It was a lot like a Halloween Adventure and a Frederick's of Hollywood had a baby. What the previous Yelpers have said is true: they offer top-quality merchandise and charge accordingly. They have a downright shocking number of corsets! If that's what you're buying, don't go anywhere else. A HUGE array of colors, sizes, and styles are in stock and you can even check out swatches to have others custom-made.Outside the corsets, though, the extended size choices here are limited. The salesclerk was welcoming and knowledgeable and I would totally send my friends here in a heartbeat.
5	What a great find! I was just in Vegas on vacation and I made sure to stop here. I live in the Bay Area (CA) and we have a place called Dark Garden that makes custom corsets. They are extreemly expensive there ($700-$1300, no joke). The prices here are much better (I got a custom waist cincher and full corset for under $700). They were really helpful. They listened to what I was looking for and make great suggestions. They had great fabric and style choices. They also were cool with me putting together something different. I am can't wait to see the final product. The ladies who work here were by far the nicest people we dealt with in Vegas. Nothing but good things to say about this place. A bit of a hike to get to from the Strip but well worth it.
5	I love this place! I get all of my uniforms for bartending here. They will give you a discount if you tell them you work in the casinos. The only flaw is that they assume that every girl that comes in is a dancer. That is seriously annoying. Just because you THINK I am a dancer, doesnt give you the right to say it aloud. That is just RUDE.
5	I was blown away at the service here.I came before my halloween party one year.They asked me the occasion-I said"I need a corset that is red, I'm the devil".She hooked me up with a red dragon print "liason" corset. Then asked if I wanted to try it on!  ...of course I do....    she asked my waist size,grabbed one, and slipped it on me. Tied me up in it and it was damn beautiful. So beautiful I bought it and have worn it damn near out. lolIt's time for a new one, and this time I have a coupon!!! muahahaLooking for basic black this time.ok so aside from 2 walls of corsets in lots of sizes, there are shoes,boots, kink-wear, and stripper-wear, even a little goth-wear.I hope this place stays around. I am very happy with my current corset, its quality, and it's construction.
5	I can't recommend this store enough! Tushell has been in the business of making corsets for a long time. I used to buy from her when I lived in Portland OR and she had a store there in the 90s. Anyway, the custom work is amazing and she always makes a purchase a great experience. If you are a professional performer the corsets are made to last! If you are dressing up for fun, she can make you outshine everyone else at the party!Stop ad see how she can make you look beautiful!
5	Five years ago we bought my wife a corset from this place.  At that time either Yelp was not around, or I was really not aware of it so I wrote the following review on Yahoo:"We went into this store out of curiosity, and left with a corset. This may not sound like much but I am notoriously thrifty and these were not inexpensive. Despite the name of the business Amber made our visit extremely enjoyable. Though she had other costumers and the phone kept ringing, she was VERY attentive, very knowledgeable and VERY helpful! She recommended that my wife try one on so that if we decided to order one at a later date we would know what we wanted. Once Amber laced my wife into the corset it was just a matter of "What color do we want?" I can guarantee that this will not be our one and only corset and I can also guarantee that we will travel all of the way to Vegas to buy from Bad Attitude!"We were back in Bad Attitude this week to just look around, and Amber was there.  Not only did she remember us, but she remembered exactly what we purchased FIVE YEARS AGO!There are a couple of reasons this place gets nothing but five star reviews on EVERY site that it is reviewed despite the fact the store is nothing to write home about and neighborhood is less than impressive.  Quality products and phenomenal customer service.
5	Bad Attitude is awesome!  They have great quality corsets and a ton of other fun items to wear...accessories, shoes, pantyhose, costumes, and the prices are great!  The staff is always so friendly and fun! :)
4	Kuddos to the lady who runs this store for being friendly and helpful without being pushy. I felt at ease shopping in this corset and exotic lingerie store, so I stayed longer and tried on more because of the sales person. I ended up finding a couple items I love. The store is about to move because the landlord raised the rent. There's a moving sale going on right now. The new location will have a build-in sewing/production room for custom corsets. (Many of the corsets sold here are made by the owner. They are pricy, but seem to be good quality to a novice like me. There are also moderately priced items here.)
5	Best place ever! Amazing good quality BEAUTIFUL corsets. Lovely helpful staff. Great comfortable environment. I couldn't love this place more. Pinups beware ull go bankrupt!
1	To look at this store I would have to say "meh, why not." But when the associate runs to the door to rip the OPEN sign out of the window at 7:30, when the sign on the door says they are open until 8:00 just makes me think *PUKE* this was 2 weeks before Halloween. Seriously lady do you even want to be in business? Secondly looking at the wears I was wildly unimpressed, think Legs Avenue and a glue gun threw up on satin. Tape a piece of cardboard around your tummy, it will look better than anything you can pick up at the bad attitude boutique.
1	After receiving a comment from whom I assume to be the owner saying I only post negative reviews, which she says are 90% negative (my negative ratio is 17%) I decided to review my rating of this establishment. In her comment she said that she wasn't closed, but then goes on to explain that if she is closed it's because of her kids and old mom. So what is it? Are you closed or not? Secondly I don't need you to piss on me and tell me it's raining when it comes to the quality, ingenuity and creativity of garments. Final thought: you messed up lady, your customer service is gross and so are your clothes
5	Yes they are a little pricey.However, they are REAL corsets! Real waist training corsets. There is a guy there named London and he know his stuff. They are purely excellent!
5	After spending about two months researching and learning all I could about corset waist training, I decided to make the next step and try one on. I stumbled across Bad Attitude Boutique after searching for "pinup" attire and after reading a few reviews I knew I had to come in. My boyfriend and I showed up around 7pm and there were a few girls being laced up as we walked in. We spent a few minutes walking around the store looking at all of the fun novelty and sexy costumes, and also a huge variety of "play" corsets (not true steel boned).  There is everything from sequence pasties, sexy lingerie, men's costumes, wigs, tutus, and more! My eyes were in heaven.   Let me next say that this is not just simply a costume shop, this shop produces hand made, custom corsets.   The lovely "Tutu" was assisting me (shop owner) and I told her I was there for an under bust steel boned waist training corset (this means business). Hidden BEHIND the counter are hundreds of hand made steel boned corsets! Can a girl say HEAVEN?! She measured me and then laced me up in one (and was kind enough to get my boyfriends attention to teach him how to properly lace me) and I was immediately in love! Cotton lined, COMFORTABLE corset. I honestly would have purchased it on the spot, but Tutu isn't out for your money. She wants you in the best corset possible! She allowed me to try on one of her own corsets to see my waist in a smaller size (I wear a 24, and she laced me in a 22). She also told me that she wanted me to see my waist in a style that she was currently out of, but emphasized that it would hug my natural curves and fit me better than the first corset. So tonight I left without a corset, but I also left more excited than ever thanks to this amazing shop. Tutu lives, breathes, and speaks corsets. She had every answer to all of my questions and even reassured me that after my purchase we would stay in touch incase any concern came up. I cannot wait to come back to pick up my corset (and post pictures of course!) Whether you're in the market to begin waist training, you want sexy attire for your hubby, or you want something to dress up in THIS is your place to go. I refuse to purchase any corsets online after coming here. Tutu and the Bad Attitude Boutique are the real deal. Thanks again!
