1	completely sucks.  I hate this location and anyone who has ever worked here.
4	It was ghetto and dirty (as would be expected for a Taco Bell, especially in a crappier neighborhood), but the staff was friendly. I should also note that this Taco Bell is also a mini Pizza Hut, which was nice, since I enjoy both those brands.
5	I love their taco supremest ooh they are so yummy. They have always been my favorite!
4	Can be slow during major meal times. Other times can be very fast. Take caution if you're in a hurry.
3	Taco Bell is a guilty pleasure of mine, I admit.  Typically, I leave missing at least one item I have ordered (even if I only order two items); however, this location off of Dobson/Southern in Mesa has never let me down. The service is usually fairly quick and the employees I've encountered have all been very nice, speak English and are always ready to give me any sauce I need.Keep it up, Taco Bell.  My stomach and wallet thank you repeatedly.
5	The staff is really nice, they rarely if ever mess up my orders which are usually complicated and require alterations or substitutions, they don't skimp on the hot sauce packets or napkins, the service is always really fast and friendly, and the food is very reasonably priced if you order a la carte. I've found that most combo meals aren't the greatest value (especially because there's a circle K right across the street, you can go get a drink there for 85 cents unless you want baja blast) other than maybe the taco box. But yeah, pretty much everything you could ask for from a taco bell. You should know what you're getting into. This taco bell meets expectations, and in a time where customer service can easily fall by the wayside, this a five-star in my book.
2	I do enjoy Taco Bell from time to time but I hate to say it but the last few times its been forgettable , had one incident of a decent size piece of plastic my 4 yr old son was choking on from his order cooked Into his Mexican pizza
2	Ordered two loaded grilled, received two tortillas ... :/ thanks I guess. Won't do the drive-through here I guess ...
