4	Having been to many Hindu temples in my life, this one is on point.It's not the largest, but it's well-maintained. The priest is attentive (this can be an issue at other temples), and is very friendly (this can also be an issue).The temple committee has solid calendar with various community programs, so if you are not from the area and visiting, you will definitely make friends amongst the Hindu community.This temple is open to people of all faiths (Sikh, Jewish, Mormon, Catholic, etc.), so feel free to bring your friends and give them a little background on where you come from.
1	I read the other review and was shocked because my experience was very different. Yes, the temple is clean and open for business but polite and open the priest was not!  I would say people from other faiths sure don't feel welcome when it's only the priest present.  The current temple priest who performed my wedding (I married an Hindu) was RUDE, Rude, rude (had I known this was how it was going to go down I would have used the priest from Bharatiya Ekta Mandir of Arizona).  Sadly we only met in-person (my fiance had several phone conversations the months leading up to out wedding) with the priest the week before our wedding and it was perfectly obvious that he disliked me and my lack of Hindi.  I attempted to ask question to better understand the ceremony but that just got me scowls and grumbles.  The day of our wedding the priest was not ready and was acting as if he had forgotten about the ceremony and/or the deposit we made.  Finally, after the ceremony when it was time to sign the marriage certificate he asked (actually demanded) an additional $300 to sign the certificate.  Of course we agreed- what were we to do?  I am pretty sure that would be called extortion and why hadn't he simply told us before the ceremony?  I am guessing because he is a thief!
3	I am Hindu Brahmin.  I was raised Hindu.  I was born in Chicago IL, and received my Upanayana from Sri Venkateshwara (Balaji) Temple in Aurora IL.  My wife is Roman Catholic (Vietnamese)While the temple in Arizona is small, it is nice and well kept.  I have gone many times to this temple in Scottsdale, and have found it to be small, but good.  My wife accompanies me every time, and she has never expressed any concern of being intimidated when she comes.  People of all faiths are welcome, though we do ask for modesty, tolerance, dignity, and respect.  This is much the same as one would do going to prayer in a synagogue, mosque, or church.  These are the tenets of any religion or belief system.  If the outsider does not understand, please ask, and we are more then ready to explain.    FYI:  I accompany my wife when she goes to mass at the local Catholic church.  I have never felt intimidated while inside the church.
