5	I went out of town for Memorial Day Weekend & when I went to start my car on Tuesday to go to work, it wouldn't start. From previous experience, I knew my battery was dead & had my roomie jump start my car. Called my dad & he told me to let my car run for a while to charge the battery...my drive to work its roughly 10-15 mins, so I figured that was plenty of time - but just in case, I made sure to bring the jumper cables, planning to take car to get battery checked on my lunch break.  Welp, at lunch, my car needed to be jump started again....which was a ton of fun in the Vegas heat...I made my way to this autozone & left my car running, b/c I learned my lesson & ran inside.... Amber McKey was the person that helped me. I told her what was going on & she said it sounded like the battery wasn't completely charged & to try driving it a little longer to see if that would do the trick.( which is what my dad said too) I was surprised that she didn't immediately tell me I needed a new battery, b/c most car places try to sell you something no matter what.Anyway, I forgot to mention, my gas light was on..so driving around a bit was risky & pumping gas with car running could have gone really wrong...in the end, I decided to drive around the block a few times. When I got too close to running out of gas, I went back to Autozone.  s/w Amber again, and asked her to go ahead & check the battery & replace it if needed. She said she would look at it first...opened the hood & immediately told me what the problem was. Apparently, whatever that thing is that connects to the battery to the alternator (to charge battery)wasn't attached properly & she attached it for me. voila! my car started. This is my first yelp review- but I had to do it!  I have never had someone offer car suggestions, that didn't include me purchasing something. I would definitely recommend going to this autozone & asking for Amber anytime you have a concern. She will be honest & she didn't seem to have any hidden agenda, which is so refreshing in the automotive industry.Thank you, Amber!
4	I had to go here when my car battery was dying.  Managed to sweet-talk my car into starting and drove it down here.Staff is friendly and they had the exact battery I needed in-stock.  Also, I got a trade-in credit for my old battery!  Sweet!  It lowered the total significantly.The gentleman there installed it for me and made sure it was operating and good before I went anywhere.  It took a bit longer than expected because I guess my battery connectors weren't fitting properly, but he did what he needed to make it fit correctly.  I had to spend a couple extra bucks for parts but meh.Easy-to-find location right by the Rebel gas station, and there's a brake place next door too.  If you don't want to jump out onto Eastern, the back parking lot connects and you can get onto Windmill that way.
4	Always helpful staff.  Usually have everything I need for whichever car I am wrenching on.
4	I went there today because my coolant was leaking and I needed a new hose and the part that goes in the middle.. I'm really bad at auto stuff lol. And an employee there names Chris was extremely helpful and also installed it for me. Great experience!  :-)
5	This is where I come for all things easy and small for cars. Somehow 5 of my break/signal lights went out at the same time and so I brought my car here. Of coarse Mercedes is the toughest car in the world to figure out but the guy who helped me spent about an hour and got them all taken care of. love this place!
5	This store should be everyone's first stop with anything related to their car. It's the first place I go before a traditional repair facility; these guys diagnose and explain automobile issues and even fix what they can or loan you the tools to do it yourself in their parking lot. NUMBER ONE in customer service in my book. They've saved me BIG $$$ on repairs and their sale prices and specials on accessories and tools are as good or better than you'll find anywhere. I won't go anywhere else.
3	Auto part store what more can be said!!The staff was helpful we got the oil we needed and out the door we went.
5	Went in to buy a new battery as I thought it was dead.  When I brought my old one in they offered to check it for me, and told me it still had life to it just needed a recharge.   They recharged it at no cost, and my car is back to driving.  Thats service!!! They could of easily just sold me a new battery and I would of been none the wiser.
1	I did not have the same experience as the rest of the previous reviews.  I called Monday to inquire about brake parts.  I was told the pads I wanted they did not have in stock but could get them there by that evening & I would receive a call when they come in.  The call never came.  I called this morning to find out if the parts had come in.  The guy took my name looked my vehicle up in the computer put me in hold twice to see if the parts came in, he said everything I wanted was there so I said I would be in shortly.I went in and the rear pads were there but the front pads were not.  The guy I spoke to Monday came by and was surprised to hear the parts I requested were sold to someone else yesterday.  I said to the guy, "I told you I would not be in until today".  He said they only hold parts for 12 hours and walked away.This was never told to me on the phone, he said the parts would be there.  The sort of thought the had everything else available but would have to check and as far as the pads I wanted for the front, I was told what store had them and told that I can drive over there and get them myself.  He did offer to sell me all the other parts they had, HA...I walked out and went to an entirely different store that actually cared about its customers (not the one he recommended) and got all the parts.  They could not believe the attitude this store exhibited.  They apologized, gave me a discount and treated me like they cared about their customers.
5	I took my truck here after having a bad experience with Midas on Pecos and Windmill. I went in because my check engine light was on. They gave me honest advice which saved me over $300 dollars. Honesty and good customer service is extremely hard to find in a auto shop these days and I am very impressed with the guys who work here.
