4	Very nice, very clean, I was offered Tea as soon as I walked in, which was VERY good, and tasty. The place is pretty. The lady who did me was good, and did my neck and shoulders, also good. I liked it a lot, but not enough to be a dedicated customer without trying a couple other places, just to compare.The only thing I didn't care for was that the person doing my massage had to stop to greet new customers, and answer the phone. :(
5	I've been there couple times, they all did really good job! Also the price is not that high, it's only $30 for one hour, but you need bring the coupon.
4	First time here today and I'm very impressed. The chairs are really comfortable and clean and allow you to relax while you get your massage. The room is dark and there are dividers between the chairs. I like their pressure and technique used and they not only massage your feet/legs, but also your arms, back, face, and neck. Normally $40 an hour but they're currently running a special for $20 an hour.
5	beonyed excellence in price and massage services!I've been here 3 times already. everytime was wonderful experience. I have to say I felt a sleep everytime while they doing the foot massage.  I work at a fast food restaurant, stand a lot , almost through out the whole day.  they really relaxed my back and my foot and also they have good technique.  after 1 hour massage, i wake up and feel the thirst.  Guess what? they read my mind and bring me a water with out ask for it! $20 was the cost, excellent deal. I had to tip them double what I normally would =)
3	The decor and music made for great ambiance.If you are in need of total peace and quiet, this is not the place for you. The  massage chairs are out in the open, a few feet away from one another so not much privacy.The hard wood floors make every step heard.The chiming of the front doorbell every time it opens/closes is very loud.The WORST thing- is the barking and whining that can be heard from the dogs getting bathed next door. These noises were so loud and repetitive, no matter how hard I tried, I could NOT relax.The massage itself was thorough and my body is thanking me as I write this. I am still on the hunt for a relaxing and enjoyable foot spa.If you go, I would recommend looking up the hours for the dog bathhouse next door and get a massage when they are closed.
4	So I purchased a Groupon for a 1-hour foot massage with the hot stone add-on. I expected a 1-hour long foot massage and was pleasantly surprised when I got a full body rub. You keep your clothes on and lay on these super comfortable reclining chaise-like beds. The atmosphere is extremely relaxing. It is dimly lit by with red lighting. Sounds of waterfalls and soothing sounds fill the air. My masseuse did not speak a word of English, but she did a pretty good job of rubbing me down. At one point during the foot massage, I fell asleep. All in all, it was very reminiscent of my visit to the iPed foot spa in Los Angeles. I enjoyed it thoroughly and for the price, I will definitely make a return trip. There is also a frequent buyer program there so after 10 trips, you get a free massage.
4	I've been here twice, wasn't really sure what to expect the first time, but both times have been good experiences though. I've been going in pretty late at night and there's not that many people around. It's very dim inside to help with the ambiance and they have music in the background to help with relaxation as well. The decor is your typical Asian decor, nothing too fancy. It's not a complete foot massage, it is a foot soak and complete body shiatsu, I guess that's what it would be? It's $20 for an hour and is actually really relaxing. I feel a lot better afterwards and not so stressed out. I really enjoy it and they're not expensive. They've recently hired new workers that are a lot better than the one I had before. They put more into their technique and you'll feel it more. My friend who was with me said he was surprised as the lady who was performing the massage actually put her whole body weight into it and he liked it.
4	I was slightly nervous going in, as have never been to a foot massage place before and they always looked a little shady to me. Had a Groupon so I figure it had to be ok. Can't speak for any others yet, but this was on the up & up and I walked out feeling refreshed, plus made an additional appt! Decorated in a typical Chinese style, with red lanterns hanging from the ceiling, they have several comfortable couch/chairs that recline and everything was clean and fresh. This is more of a full body massage and though you are clothed, they seem to work around it. They also had a plastic bag in the foot soak for sanitary purposes, and your tootsies get nice and clean for their turn. Lisa was my therapist, and though she did not speak much english, she sure can massage and when I pointed to a few areas, she took the hint and went to town. Great cost/quality deal at $20... a great price for what you get and affordable enough to make frequent return visits!
5	Healthy Life was my first experience at a "foot spa" and I feel like I found a diamond in the rough.  I put "foot spa" in quotes because you actually get a whole body massage on these amazingly comfortable chairs that recline once the massage begins.  There are probably 20 recliner beds in the whole place, spaced comfortably apart. Your face and scalp are started on first and all the while your feet are soaking in a warm tub of water. It's so relaxing in there with music playing at a peaceful decible level, although unfortunately it cannot drown out the sound of the dogs barking at the doggie bath place next door. (I already knew from a yelp review before I went in that I would hear the dogs but I didn't mind. I'm not even taking a star off.) I opted for the upgraded $30 massage instead of the $20 advertised rate because they use hot stones on your legs and feet.  Once your whole body is massaged from head to feet they turn you over for your back massage - AMAZING!  Coming here is comparable to any high end spa for a fraction of the price and the staff are all very friendly.  I tipped my lady $20 because to give any less, in my opinion, would feel like I was being stingy after such an amazing experience.  I had a better experience here than even at Massage Nirvana. Wonderful place!
5	UTTER BLISS! I work in the nightlife industry so my feet are constantly sore, numb even so this is a weekly MUST! I request Mick who is very strong and he is thorough. Leave feeling relaxed and sleepy yet rejuvenated! Wish there was a car service to take me home lol!
1	I have been places like this before, when I needed a quick fix, and that's all I was expecting. I purchased 2 groupon for $20 for 60 min reflexology foot massage. I went w my boyfriend yesterday and my neck is so sore since. First of off, I like places that have private rooms, this one has a bunch of bed side by side, so you can here the person snores ( or whatever) next to you. The guys started the "massage" from the head-I really don't care about rubbing lotion in my hair...Anyway, long story short, the actual foot massage part was maybe 10 minute ( this is what I went for really), and the rest of the body massage was quite unprofessional. I get massages very often so I know what is good, what is not. And this was beyond bad! My neck is totally messed up, I don't feel otherwise that I "was worked on" and forget about my feet...Also: When I arrived at the place, there is a huge banner over the door: $20 massage...so can somebody tell me why put it on Groupon if it's not a special?DO NOT RECOMMEND THE PLACE!
1	Came in with a "never expire" groupon and they wouldn't honor it, despite the printout stating "NEVER EXPIRE FOR FACE VALUE".  Lady was rude also, turning us away despite reading the groupon and acted very snobby.  If they can't honor groupons for a $20 value and risk losing a customers future business over that small amount, then that shows you how cheap of a place this is. Never again.
4	$20 for an hour! What can I say... After a long week of work this place was amazing. I will definetly be coming back.
5	The BEST $20 I've ever spent! I'm a massage junkie & I can honestly say that this place doesn't compare to any place I've been to in the past. This was my second time coming here & it is honestly my go-to relaxation destination. My massages were very relaxing & it really loosened up the kinks in my body. The masseuses used a lot of force on my back & for as little as they are, I was surprised! I was suffering from pain in my quads/hamstrings after a vigorous workout & the day after I got my massage, the pain went from a 9 to a 2. I highly recommend this place especially if you're like me who's highly stressed most of the time. I'll make it a mission to go here at least once every two weeks. :)
4	This is the first place I've ever gone to receive a foot massage. However, I was completely surprised that for just $20 you actually a full body massage for a whole hour. I always leave feeling super relaxed and they really do a great job working on my back and neck. They get pretty busy now so I would definitely recommend making an appointment.
5	For what it is it's perfect.  $20 for an hour.  My only challenge?  How much to tip.  The standard 20% is just too low and $10 seems right and that's a 50% tip.  Anyone know what these massage therapists get paid?  I'm thinking minimum.Ok, enough about my quandary.The place isn't fancy but the massage is great!
5	Went with a Living Social deal and come to find out that is normally how much they charge for an hour massage...$20. Needless to say, I was able to get right away calling about an hour before. First time at a foot spa and I am considering coming here regularly instead of my monthly massage envy visit!  Little did I know it was more than just your feet...and being nearly 33 weeks pregnant, all areas desperately needing a massage were addressed and more time was spent on the neck/shoulder areas and legs.  My low back was worked on also, but I felt like a new person walking out!   Probably the best $20 I've spent on anything!
2	So I really have to knock this place down a few stars since my last visit. They have a the chairs lined up and everyone sits side by side (it kind of reminds me of a sweatshop). Other clients come in to get a massage and are super loud and inconsiderate of other people trying to relax.  The owner was also watching tv on an iPad or computer that you could hear while getting your massage. Annoying? I think yes! They even have a sign for recommended tips. I mean if you really have to tell people how much to tip your business model probably needs work! This place could be so much better if they just put some money into spacing out the chairs and cutting down on the chatter by placing a wall between the pay area and massage area.
4	I went with a group of women, not knowing what to expect. The best $20 + $10 tip I've ever spent! I'm a member of Massage Envy, but at this price I will go here at least twice each month.
4	My husband and I purchased a Groupon and came for our first time last night. Yes their regular price is $20 for an hour so don't waste your time with the groupon, but this place was great for $20! Just be prepared for a full body rub down, not just a foot massage. No complaints other than the  lineup of chairs was a Lil uncomfortable at first as it seems they just try to pack as many people into one space as possible, but my massage was great and I had no problem relaxing. Definitely worth it!
4	My husband and I got a great massage here. $20 for an hour. There was a room full of people and no talking when I entered. The last 5-10 min however there was talking. A couple came in and talked nonstop loudly! I told the owner that he should shush them up and he said he was aware of the talking and makes sure they don't talk during their massage. I guess they were waiting to get started? Not sure, but my dirty looks didn't help. It can't come from the customers. It has to come from management to tell customers to be polite. Its surprising that people don't have common courtesy in a massage place. I took one star off for the owner not stopping them right away, but the massage was a good one!
2	Used to be a regular here until problems starred occuring. First of all, $20 for a one hr massage is a steal..hot stones included. Went for my first time and I found out my lady with Lisa, she was a pretty nice lady and did a great job. The space is very small and the chairs are lined out in the open, so there aren't any dividers. after my first massage I realized that there was a dog grooming place next door and decided that next time I go at night. Come next time and there aren't any dogs barking but the employees are louder. The employees don't have a formal break room so there's a little hallway with have a microwave where they eat, you can hear literally everything...even the microwave beeping...mutiple times. The employees talk to each other more at night too...including to the lady who massaged me. Not considerate at all! Great price, but the atmosphere is not relaxing at all. Will not be coming back.
1	First of all, I walked in and went to pay. Generally with a service like this you give a tip at the end. They had tips listed with faces. The lowest tip was 5 dollars for "awful" and great was 20 dollars. I paid the 20 dollars for the massage and the lady started asking me if I was going to give a tip. I gave her five dollars and she pointed at the sign that I hadn't noticed at first. Really, a tip of over 50% practically mandatory before even receiving the service!??? Then the massage was awful. The guy popped my fingers, and massaged so light it pretty much tickled on my feet. It was more of a rub down than a massage. I have had better at home from untrained family members. The only good part was when he pretty much got up on my back. On my way out, I noticed that the soap in the foot tub had been Neutrogena acne soap. Also, the massage chair was so soft and foamy when I was face down that I felt like I was being smothered. I had trouble breathing. Don't waste your money here or your time. I left with more pain than I came with.
1	My sister told me about her experience here and I just couldn't even help but leave a review.As someone who works in the service industry as a cosmetologist, I will tell you now DO NOT TRUST A COMPANY THAT FORCES TIPS ON YOU. I have also read reviews saying that clients wanting to book later appointments were not allowed to because they didn't tip at least $5. If you gave a shitty service you get a shitty tip. That's how the industry works. (they wanted to rebook because they had had good services in the past since it's a hit or miss kind of place but that time they had gotten a miss."Also, they made my sister pay and tip before she even received her service. Really?! I told her she should have demanded her service first because, automatically, that's sketchy and unprofessional.They also used latex gloves during her service and didn't even bother to ask if she's allergic to latex, as so many people are. They didn't even use a nice lotion to cover the smell of the latex. And even so, you NEVER use gloves to perform a massage. The clients' comfort is the number 1 most important thing and latex is uncomfortable for someone there to get a relaxing experience. If you don't feel comfortable massaging without gloves, you should not be in the massage industry. (No, it is not unsanitary. That's what warm water and hand soap is for.)This place is pathetic. Customer service is so horrifying, I'm surprised state board hasn't interfered and the massage sucked.
5	I have no idea what the 3 star reviews are for,  this place is great especially for $20
5	We are vacationing in Vegas and going to a Foot Spa is one of our favorite things to do.  I always read Yelp reviews to see which Spa is currently thought to be the best.  This one had good recommendations and they were right.  They let us come at 11:30pm, even they state that they close at midnight.  I had Peter and my husband had Anna. I told Peter that I like hard pressure and he gave it to me! Talk about a full body massage,  he used his full body to massage me!  Hands,  arms,  elbows, knees. This kind of massage can be more like being kneaded than a fussy cruise ship massage.  Sometimes I like the foofoo one,  but sometimes you just want a good deep massage.  That's just what I got!  A lot of comments focus on the tipping.  The Spa charges $20 for an hour.  I typically tip about $10 at these places,  Peter was so good I gave him $20. Tipping is a reward for good services rendered, not sure what minimum wage is here in Vegas, but just remember,  if they work hard and give a great service, then be generous.  This is the first Foot Spa I've been to that uses hot stones during the treatment.  And that was a really nice touch.  They also wipe of your legs/feet and your back with a hot,  wet towel after they are done,  so you don't have that slimy, greasy feeling after your massage. We might try to go back again the day we fly out, it was farther down Spring Valley, but totally worth the couple extra miles!
3	60 minute massage = $20!It would be really hard to beat that deal.  The massage by itself is very good.  There are a few things that hurt the experience.  1)  The massages all take place in one big room.  Not much privacy and it's a little crowded.  My girlfriend dislikes getting a massage two feet away from a total stranger.  But I can see that this arrangement helps keep the cost down.2)  There is a lot of extra noise from people entering and leaving, people talking and walking.  The place is dim and eastern music fills the air to offset the bad layout.  you can hear the washing machine play a tune when it's done (I have the same LG wave force), but the staff can turn the sound off if they wanted to keep it a little more quit in there. 3)  The strip mall where it sits is shady.  The pizza place next door has chairs outside where the cooks sit and smoke three feet from your car.  The extra foot traffic around the car makes me a little nervous too because I have an expensive German car and I fear it could be a potential break-in target.  Not much the owner can do about this other than talk to the pizza joint and ask them not to crowd the sidewalk with their riff-raff workers.All in all, would recommend.
2	Got a Groupon deal $30 for hot stone and feet massage. When I was looking for this place, I was looking for the name it advertised which was Healthy Life Foot Spa.  The name is actually just Foot Spa. I never really believed in the moto, You Get What You Pay For. In this case, it was true. Pros: They're open till midnight (weird but true), I get a foot massage, it was cheap, it was really for an hour.Cons: The guy working in me was doing it to hard and felt like he was rushing, rushing to where he was breathing hard like he had some kind of asthma. I have asthma too which I understand but it was definitely a distraction! Not only that, but he burped too. He wasn't even trying to hide it. The stones he used on my back were WAAAYYY too hot, I told him but he still kept going. He didn't use any kind of lotion or oil to massage me, which felt like he was pulling my skin. I have some fat here and there and in certain spots, it felt like he was pinching me. Ouch! I got used to it.So, overall I don't think I'll be going back.
2	It was NOT reflexology. Mostly body massage & only 10 min total on hands & feet combined. 90% of time on my feet was with the edge of a massage stone, not even hand massage or pressure points. Disappointing. My feet feel cheated! If you want a cheap, decent massage, this place is ok. If you're looking for a true reflexology hand/feet experience, go elsewhere!
5	My boyfriend and I went today for valentines. It was terrific! It is a full body massage. You keep your clothes on and you are in one big room but that didn't bother us. It was honestly better than some regular massage places or high class spas cuz they really dig in there. $20 for one hour is insane! I had Anna and my bf had Sally. Both were great!
4	The website doesn't show the $20/hour all over massage (clothes on in a room with other people) but be sure and ask for it (tipping $20 if it's great/$10 good and $5 bad is listed on a sign) and they do tack on $1 for credit card charge fees.  I liked it a lot and was comparing it to Happy Feet which is closer to the strip at Arville and Tropicana.  The massage routine was identical until the end where you sit up and fold over a pillow and at Happy Feet they have a cutout for your face so you are lying flat which I MUCH prefer.  I go weekly for massages and will use Healthy Life because they are closer to my house but if I were reading this as a tourist I would highly recommend Happy Feet Spa which is much closer to the strip across from the Orleans Hotel and is exactly the same cost and you don't hear the dogs barking next door from the dog bath business which might be a real problem if they are busy with a bunch of dogs.  (*Happy Feet only takes cash).
1	I was about to walk in to get a massage. The lady from the massage place opened the door practically in my face and told me I needed to move my car because I am parked in front of the pizza place next door. I explained to her that there was no sign. She rudely told me to move again. I went in my car. She stood there staring at me waiting to move. I told her that I change my mind and l will not be getting a massage. She laughed and waved her hand at me.
2	I came here with 2 of my girlfriends. We had bought a groupon and wanted to give "Foot Spa" (a whole body massage) a try. So we called around 6pm to let them know 3 girls were going to come in at 10pm... Then my friend called and the guy who picked up could not understand anything, and she kept raising her voice hoping he would understand. So I grabbed the phone and let him know that 3 girls were coming at 10pm and he kept saying SEVEN! I said ONE ZERO and he just said "Ok 9" I said NO 10PM! And he said "ah" and I thought that was the end of it.... Then he asked for my number... OMG! I started with "702" and he said "352" and I just said nvm, forget the area code. Started to state my number, he repeated the ALL the wrong number and I just went with it. SO FRUSTRATING.So we got there, didn't know what to expect. She put my feet in warm water that got pretty cold fast. And made me lay back. There was SO many noises and talking during my massage. You might as well keep the lights on and massage me outside. (JK) But really, it was bad. Massage was nice but the next day my whole body hurt and my toes hurt so bad. Maybe she went to hard? Idk. After, they pressure you tip at least $10 or you are basically not welcomed. We gave them a $100 to break and they took it and walked away then got mad cause we didn't leave the a $100 tip and started to talk in their language. All three of us left a $10 each tip. Then left. Will not be back, whatsoever. I would go to a foot spa place again....Just not this one. I'm so disappointed.
5	I had a great experience! Tonya was fantastic. I went in not expecting much and after the first two minutes I was delighted. She has a beautiful touch! I am bringing my family back next time!
3	Ive been here a few times, Its your standard run of the mill asian clothed body massage place.  If you've had real reflexology don't look for that here, its a body massage that spends 10 minutes of your feet, so we will call it reflexology KEY NOTE HERE- since they are not licensed masseuses, preforming "reflexology all over your body" spares them getting shut down for practicing without a license.  but hey where are you gonna find someone who went to an expensive masseuse school, and passed one hell of a state board test to rub you down for 20 bucks? Do note that this is located next to a dog groomers.  Sometimes I've heard no barking, other times I've considered walking out and taking a loss on my 20 dollars.  Im a little off put by their tip/smily face chart :)=$20 :]=10 :(=5.  Id rather you charge what you need to charge than insist I tip 50% all in all, you get what you pay for, would I choose a Red Rock or Bellagio spa day? Sure.  Would my bank account? Not so much
3	My friend and I saw the $30 groupon for this place, and thought it was a great deal and decided to try it out! Now, I had never been to a foot spa before coming to this place, but my friend regularly goes to another and knows what they are like - I did not. Throughout college I worked at high-end salons, and was spoiled by the facilities and masseuses there; after now experiencing a "foot spa" I know it's a bit of a different experience.We had made appointments and arrived 20 min early; when we checked in at the desk the woman didn't say much but immediately showed us to our reserved beds. The room is partitioned off from the front desk area by a fold out divider, and behind it is about 10-12 beds, all about a foot apart from each other. It was very quiet, looked very clean, and I liked the music that was playing. The Groupon stated that we were getting a 60 min Hot Stone Relexology, but in reality it was a full body reflexology, with about 10 min of reflexology on your feet, and about 5 min of hot stone on your back. They started us off by soaking our feet in hot water - initially I thought mine was a little hot, but once my skin got used to it, it felt nice and stayed at a good temperature the entire time. While our feet soaked they began by massaging our face, neck, and shoulders. We both wish we would've known they would massage our faces, because we both had done our makeup for our plans after our massage, and quite a lot was wiped off in the process. They continued down our bodies, and I have to say they used their full body weight to work out all our kinks. I like deep massages and they definitely got in there, which is why I wasn't terribly disappointed by the experience. Towards the end I did start to hear the barking next door from the Dog Daycare, but it wasn't until I was almost finished so it didn't hinder my experience. The end was what annoyed me the most, just because of the tipping sign. Like I mentioned previously, I'm used to working in very nice salons so I thought it seemed unprofessional, but for a foot spa I suppose it's not entirely unexpected? I'm still learning how foot spas work. The girls who worked on us waited at the counter for us to tip them, and I had planned on tipping on my card, but I guess they don't like to do that - so my friend tipped them cash for both of us. Overall, it was an OK experience; my friend says she goes to Happy Foot Spa and the facility is very nice and even quieter, and the workers are very nice as well - whereas ours barely spoke/smiled at us. Overall, I would recommend not bothering with the "hot stone" add on, and stick with the reflexology if you do decide to purchase the Groupon!
5	June 26,14 today was my first time here and I can say I loved it!!! I walked in and said I need a massage and they took me right in and started with soaking my feet then started massaging, they also used hot stone this place is amazing the guy that massaged me was STEVEN he was great, I'm ticklish from my feet and I didn't feel any with him!!! Thanks Steven the HOUR massage was great and what else than FOR $20.00 an HOUR!!!
4	I am totally a fan. I must admit, I have had better massages... But this place scored 4 stars because it is priced right & I felt that the staff was very friendly and it is open late. My friend and I went in around 1030pm and we were quickly greeted and worked on without an appointment. I have had many "foot spa" experiences and this was my first time getting hot stones which was very nice. I plan on going back soon.
4	I'm a big fan of Asian foot reflexology spas! My friend raved about this place so much that I finally had to check them out. We went on a Saturday late afternoon with no appointment and was immediately taken in with no problem. For 60 minutes, they charge $20. That included hot stone. They soak your feet first in warm water as they massage your head, face, and arms. Then they dry your feet off and start working on the feet, legs, back, and butt. Yes, the butt too. It's great, so don't let this hold u back. The hot stone was my favorite! It made me just want to go to sleep. The hot stone fell for a quick second on my back but no big deal. Overall, a great experience. Just wasn't a fan of my masseuse's heavy breathing while he was massaging me. Lol! My only critique is that they should use more lotion/essential oils. It would just heighten the experience even more. Other than that, I left a very happy girl
5	Everytime I come out here I visit. You can't expect the best massage in the world for a mere 20$ but it's certainly very relaxing. I love the quick no-nakedness and everyone in one room so it's perfect for exactly one hour. I've never had a problem here. Will visit again!
1	Okay this place expects you to tip 50%+ and they don't even work for it. I usually tip a 5 or 10 depending on the quality of the massage. I told the massage lady to go light on my shoulders....she totally ignores me and starts going hard. It's not until I'm squirming from the pain that she says "okay?", no not okay. She then burns me with the hot rocks and was constantly bumping into my chair when she moves. They don't care if you can hear them talk either. So my massage is over and I get to the register, at this point I don't even want to leave a tip. The cashier asks me "tip on card?"  and I say 5. My massage lady is standing right next to her and they just look at me and say something to each other in Chinese. Then the massage lady leaves and the cashier had the audacity to ask me "she wasn't good enough?". No!  Save your self. Don't go here.
3	This is located in a strip mall about 15 -20 mins from the strip depending on traffic. There's no long wait. Standard reflexology massage and foot spa. MUST HAVE: hot stone massage POSITIVE: easy location, no wait, affordable. NEGATIVE: not the friendliest staff (but I think this is standard to all Chinese run establishments), all 12 massage chairs in 1 room, zero privacy for you and your party.
4	Tried this place out after being unhappy with another foot spa. This one was much better! You are in one large room but that didn't bother me boyfriend & I. You get a full body massage as well as quick hot stones at the end. The massage overall was pretty good. I wish he got my shoulders more. Maybe next time I can let him know where my problem areas are. We will be back!
4	Make an appointment to avoid a wait as a walk in. Try not to get the massage chair nearest the back utility door of you can help it, or you will spend your lovely massage session listening to the sounds of whirring laundry, the opening and closing of a refrigerator door, dumped buckets, and lots and lots of foot traffic right next to your head, which IMHO really cuts down on the relaxation factor!
5	So happy I found this place! Best reflexology in town, in my opinion. I have been to a good amount of reflexology places in Vegas but this is my favorite so far. Ppl complain about the coerced "tip" situation w the "emoji face board" that indicates the quality of customer tips..but honestly, the employees work hard & use their energies pretty much all day..I don't think tipping $10 on a $20/hr massage is bad at all. It's definitely not a spa on the strip, so if you're looking for a luxurious experience, this isn't for you. This is more of Asian moms/pops kneading you w no shame! The last time I went, I had a not-so-great massage, but that was one out of multiple visits. What I learned to do is, make an appointment w ppl you've enjoyed your massage with. I recommend Leo & Vicki :) Even if you don't make an apt, chances are you will still walk out feeling satisfied after relaxing massage. Hot stone is a plus too!
