4	Cave Creek is such a cute little town and everytime I go to AZ I stop by the town it is so old west!!! We were wandering through and were hungry and saw a sign for Indian Fry Bread!! YUMMY!! So basically you go in through the souvenier shop and walk through a little alley/kitchen and there is a small dining room 5 tables or so nothing fancy.. I was very much like Mexican food with the beans ect, the bread was really good and the owner was so so friendly love it!!!!!
5	I love this place, it's inside an american indian souvenier shop.  just go to the back place your order and sit in their little eating area.  Everyone their is friendly and the Navajo Frybread is absolutely delicious.  It's huge and hard to finish.  Prices are very reasonable.
4	Really fresh mexican food.....good prices and owner is very friendly. He'll-fire burrito is great.
5	I'm from Chicago but I have traveled to Arizona many many times. I discovered this place on my first trip and now every time I vacation to Arizona I make sure I go to Indian Village MULTIPLE times. I love their tacos and the crunchy shell is amazing and they taste so fresh. I also like their enchiladas. The place is a dive but I often find those are the best places. The service is friendly, Bart, the owner, is wacky but he keeps you entertained while you wait for your food.  I usually browse in the shop attached to the restaurant. I can't wait for my next Arizona vacation so I can go to Indian Village again!!!
2	My friend and I were swayed by other reviews to try this restaurant, expecting a gem in the rough - a treasure - an amazing find!!!!  We didn't find it here.  In clarification:  it didn't taste BAD.  It was just nothing special.  I've made better at home just by trying.  The most flavorful part of the meal was the hot sauce on the table...essential!  and not just because I like a little spice (and I do mean a little) but because I prefer flavor to my food - especially when I have a choice.  The reason I didn't give just one star is because it seemed clean and had a cool "hole in the wall"/mom&pop feel.  There was no "service" to speak of - it's a "we'll cook it and you pick it up at the window" environment.  Totally fine (if the food is good).  The people were very nice, but there are just so many other places to try that unless the experience is craving-worthy, I'm moving along, no harm no foul, just no looking back.
5	If you don't try the Navajo Taco you'll never know what you missed!  I'm not a lover of Mexican food, but I've never had a lunch I didn't like at Indian Village. When volunteering for the local chamber of commerce, I always recommended this place and several folks came back to thank me for a memorable meal at a very inexpensive price.  Don't let the lack of ambiance fool you, the food is the reason this place is great.
5	This is a great mom and pop shop with great food.  I read some of the other reviews and the ones that gave it low stars are ridiculous.  They were expecting something that is clearly not how this shop operates.  Also, I think someone reviewed their ribs, which they do not have there and clearly mistook the Indian Village for The Horny Toad which is next door.  But, if you want good tacos, good people and a good environment, check this place out.  The owner is particularly hysterical.
5	I love this place, who eats a hot dog in fry bread.   You will if you go to Indian Village.   Great tacos, fry bread and burritos.   Stop at the Circle K next door and get a sixy of your favorites to enjoy with the best mexican food in Cave Creek.
3	It's cool because it's a big time dive. The food is ok. The shells are deep fried, but the guts are very boring. Overall it's ok and the prices are ok. It's worth going once...twice max.
2	Hoping for a unique Arizona experience, we stopped in to Indian Village, Carefree for lunch. At $26 for tacos for three people, it wasn't at all the "little local joint" atmosphere we were expecting. Staff was straight faced, minus any warm and fuzzy. Food, albeit just standard fare, came out quickly. Seven tables inside the dining area needed attention and there was no temperature control. It was freezing cold inside. There was an outdoor patio with additional tables but we probably won't go back to see if it was any cleaner.
5	such a good place. my parents know the owner bart personally and he is always really friendly talkative and always has a smile on his face. kind of hidden from more of the desert ridge area and kierland but it definitely is worth the drive if you live far! fry bread, tacos, and burritos are definitely the best here. super cheap which is better. employees are always working hard and smiling so thats a plus. food comes out very fast and theres seating out and inside. there is a bathroom which doesnt look like there is one but there is and thats a good thing for a carefree restaurant!
3	Meh... Chimichanga seemed like it was a pre-made, kinda boring. I had something a bit more authentic.. Decent, bit nothing special. The chips are just like Mission out of a bag from Costco..  Like another reviewer mentioned. There are way too many other places in Cave Creek to try.
5	You can grab some of this awesome Mexican food and walk across the parking lot and have a beer at the Hideaway bar   Everyone is cool.  You will be put off by the look of the Indian Village but it is great.  If you go to the Hideaway they have menus and will be happy to call your order.  It's a win win.  Give it a try!
4	We were wanting a small dive with authentic, good Mexican food...and that's exactly what we got. Food tasted great, chicken tacos were good and my husband loved the tamales. The fry bread with honey and sugar was so yummy. If you're wanting a small mom and pop joint, this is your place.
1	I thought by going to the Indian village I would get some great food. I have gotten their fry bread before and it was pretty tasty so I thought I would try something else. I went there with my friend. I got 2 chicken tacos and frybread with powdered sugar and honey and he got a vegetable,egg and cheese breakfast burrito. When we got the food it looked really appetizing. When we started to eat it was a different story...The food was very bland...VERY BLAND. The chicken tacos had no seasoning or anything. The plate came with a side of salsa so I tried to use that to kick off the flavor. Didn't work. With no Tabasco or any other hot sauce I decided to just tough it out and finish my plate. My friends breakfast burrito was not impressive either. He had the same complaint of blandness. The fry bread was the only thing that was good. It was very inexpensive so I'm not too upset (both of our meals plus fry bread and drinks were 20$) but as a college student I would have liked to save the money or cooked something at home. I told my parents about the experience and they said it was hit or miss. So if you feel like taking a food gamble go to the Indian village. Also the service was at par. Nothing great but nothing awful.
5	Spinach enchilada was outstanding. Tacos crisp, perfect. Quesadilla with shredded chicken, cheese vanished from our plates.   Rice and beans perfect sides.We thought we ordered to much. Nothing was left. This was authentic and well prepared. Five thumbs up.
3	This place is worth 3 stars at most , bland no flavor fry bread tacos... The fry bread was too doughy and soft and thick for me , I like my fry bread more airy and a little more crispy. The beans were dry and the cheese wasn't even melted. The staff was very nice , the  atmosphere is very cool , bikers everywhere :) it's next door to a biker bar. I love that it's a hole in the wall kind of place which usually has the best food ... I'd probably try it again after a few drinks next door .. Food always taste better then ! Maybe that's why all the high reviews !?
5	Every year we visit PHX and head up to Cave Creek to visit Bart and eat some fry bread. Always delicious, always character, always an experience. Love this little place.
5	The food here is simply amazing. When I walked in, i did not know what to expect. But, my friend assured me that this place was the real deal. I had the spinach enchiladas and they were made with perfection. This place is exactly how I like my Mexican food. We sat outside on some benches which had a real cool southwestern feel. (which was wonderful since I am not from the area) Can't wait to try this place again!!
