2	I took my kids for dinner tonight. They ordered their meals and I ordered a Baja salad. They gave me my kids' food and the cashier told me they were just waiting on the chili for my salad. I went and sat down with my kids. I went back up ten minutes later to see where the rest of my order was. The cashier told me he had to have the chili checked. He yelled back for someone to check the chili. Someone in the back yelled they couldn't check it and stated they were too busy to check it. The cashier told me he would have someone check the chili in a few minutes so I stood there for another five minutes waiting. Someone then finally checked the chili and said it wasn't ready yet. By this time, my kids had finished their meals and were eating their Frosties. At that point, I told them to take the salad off my order. The cashier called the manager over and told her he needed a refund. She asked him, "Why do we need a refund?" The cashier told her the chili wasn't ready for the salad. The manager handed the cashier the keys. He then told her I don't need the keys. It's on a card. (I used my debit card.) At that point, she got very angry, slammed down whatever it was she was doing and came over to do the refund. She was rude and obviously VERY angry. In fact, it seemed that every single employee there was in a terrible mood. I understand people have bad days, but there is absolutely no excuse for every person in there to be treating the customer like they are an inconvenience. If it is so inconvenient for them to serve me my food, I'll be happy to take my business elsewhere. In fact, I left there and went down the road to Quiznos for my dinner. The real slap in the face to me was the fact that there is a banner hanging up on their wall stating "Customers are #1".
3	I love ordering ice coffee from Wendy's because their coffee is larger than anyone other fast food joints. The medium is Macdonalds large cup.    I feel that it's worth my money.
1	If I owned this location, I would fire everyone and start from scratch. There are two customers in the building and every table it's dirty. The staff lack social skills. Ihonestly forgot that I don't like this location, or I would have gone somewhere else.
3	When you walk inside the place looks extremely outdated nothing like some of the other Wendy's restaurants. Aside from the cosmetic part I do agree with a lot of the other reviews. The staff indeed isn't the friendliest,  but the food is like any other Wendy's restaurant.
2	I agree with everyone's reviews.  Even the drive through is slow.  It isn't the greatest location but I do have hopes that they plan to upgrade the location.  There isn't many choices in buckeye for food add it is
1	I have gone here a few times since moving to Buckeye and have been unimpressed each time.  This last time was the last time I will go here.  About 2 weeks ago my wife and I went inside to place an order for our entire family.   What a disaster.  The menu board and the signage in the lobby were showing different prices for frosty's and when we pointed that out the cashier, who I believe was the manager, said "Yeah we need to get new numbers for out there"  This was a .30 cent difference on 4 frosty's.  The staff was extremely slow in their attitude and urgency to take care of the customers.  Finally all of our food was made and we took our bags and drove home.  Every single sandwich was made wrong.  5 Cheeseburgers with no cheese or ketchup on them.  I double cheese made the same way.  2 fish sandwiches plain just fish and bun.....these were made with everything on them.  When I called to let them know....whomever answered the phone told me to call corporate and hung up.  Really?   It has been 2 weeks and corporate is blowing off all of my calls and has not responded to a single e-mail.  Wendy's as a corporation has officially lost my business as well.   I have eaten at Wendy's locations that were decent.  This one is a major beware.  Heed the rest of the reviews and stay away.  Trust us.
2	Who doesn't breakfast available on Saturday mornings? Apparently this place. Try to grab breakfast on my way to work this morning. I went to the drive through and another couple parked, an employee was outside told the couple that they weren't open yet. I happen to overhear since he didn't bother to come and tell me. Just FYI people work on Saturday too and they want breakfast.
