3	Located at SE corner of 59th ave. & Union Hills, this small location always seems to have polite and prompt service.  The only downfall is the smaller than average seating area, and given the proximity to the medical college nearby it can be hard to find a seat.  Just a few doors down is Rosatis pizza and a new Spanish tapas bar, so it's in a nice location within the strip mall.
4	Pretty standard Starbucks. Friendly staff. Hot/ cold drinks....Right next to Midwestern's campus and it closes at 9:30?!?! NINE THIRTY. Where the heck is the closest 24 hr Starbucks??!!
4	What the heck can I say? They've got my money and I admit I a little bit of a junkie. Staff here is quick and friendly, place is clean, busy as usual... I hate that they're close  to my job.
2	If I've come to your Starbucks over 30x within 5 months and you still don't bother learning how to pronounce my name correctly then I don't know what to say. I always order the same drink: quad espresso with 3 pumps of white mocha and 80% of the time they don't get my order right! The baristas always ask if I want water or milk with it.. Seriously? I ordered a damn espresso for a reason. If I wanted water or milk then I would've ordered something else and NOT an espresso! And my drink is one of the simplest drinks to make too!! Just brew 4 shots, mix in white mocha syrup and add ice.. But they always somehow mess up by asking me stupid questions. If it weren't  for this sb being the closest to school, I would definitely frequent the Thunderbird location!
4	This is one of my coffee sources before a longday's work. Staff is very friendly and consistent- doesn't seem like there's a lot of turnover here.Quick service and they always have my favoriteChicken salad with Tarragon sandwiches when I actuallywant to eat something as well. The only bad experienceI had here was when some obnoxious fellow kept askingif my name was Dan - I guess he was just trying to figure out which customer there was his Craigsfist (sp?) connection.
5	This is my regular coffee spot, even though it's not even the closest Starbucks to my home. The employees are FANTASTIC. They always greet me and my grandparents by name. They have all our drink orders memorized. They make the BEST drinks by far of any location I've ever been to. If they don't make it right they go above and beyond to make it right for you for free. My only complaint is that they haven't hired me yet! ;)
4	My sister and I come here a few times a week if not more. I will have to say that mostly the only reason i keep coming is for one of the workers here .. Mercedes ALWAYS makes my drink PERFECT. If  not for her, none of the other girls make my caramel machiatto right at all. But Mercedes is so very friendly, she remembered my name from the get-go and not too long after memorized my drink (which is pretty detailed and specific) This Starbucks is always packed (good for them). There are a few workers here who are not friendly at all and really need to take a few customer service classes (but i have found this is the came with most Starbucks.) But this is definitely my favorite Starbucks :)
5	Staff is friendly, service is great. Drinks are fantastic!
5	This is my FAVORITE Starbucks. Friendly folks.  They ALWAYS get my order right and thank me for coming.  I visit as often as I can!!
4	This seems like a pretty hip place to hang out, grab a drink and people watch. So busy every time I come here and the parking is not too bad. A casual hangout and lots of groups come here as a meeting spot. During the weekdays a lot of students are doing homework but all in all, great service and decent place.
5	This is by far my favorite Starbucks. I go here at least once a day well headed to work and the staff is always friendly getting my drink in a timely fashion. The advantage at this location is the staff has been there for a very long time and have wonderful team work.
4	I used to like this Starbucks, but now I love it.  They just remodeled Jan 2014, and now they have a Clover brewer.  If you are a coffee fan, then make sure you try the Clover!  I like that they have remodeled.  Also they have very friendly employees.
5	I'm from Ohio and I LOVED my local Starbucks.  I have to give this location a 5.  Always friendly....ALWAYS getting my order correct....as busy as they are the line moves quickly.  Newly remodeled and looking fantastic....not my Oakwood location but the next best thing!  This is my 2nd review.....and the baristas are still making my visits awesome!  I thank you!
1	They're incredibly slow. Give yourself extra time if you come here. The first few times I tried to justify it by guessing they must be short staffed or have the "B Team" working but No... Every time I go to this location I wait in line for 7-10 mins before they even take my order. Maybe this doesn't sound very long but I go to Starbucks bc it's fast and easy. If I wanted to wait 15 mins for coffee I would go to some local coffee shop.
1	New guy Arthur.  Learn how to treat customers better. You were rude today!  I LOVE this location. If you don't improve will choose another.
4	Good spot to get a coffee,  but the attitude of some of the baristas need to remember that they are there to make coffee. My friend and I were both told what we wanted would take awhile instead of saying it will be longer than usual,  it's like they dreaded the thought of brewing coffee....aye
5	I'm not the kind of person who orders the same thing every day so their patience with my choosing is great. They always recommend something when I don't know what I'm in the mood for and it always hits the spot. The one down side to this location is the wait. Often the line is put the door and there is no place to wait for your drink to be ready. The added room from the remodel didn't solve the problem but it did speed things up a little.
1	Negative baristas heaven forgive they mess up your order and u ask them to remake it. No asking if it was right the second time, still not right but they are so rude ur afraid to ask for them to actually try it again. Also soooo sloooooooowww come on people drink some coffee and get motivated... lets work on niceness and speed.
1	Nine am on a thursday morning and not one piece of toilet paper in the restroom.  Really??? Um yeah I just drank coffee.
