5	Thank you so much to Dr. Lawmaster and John who were there for us when our beloved doggie needed to pass to the other side.  My family has been through many of these ordeals, and none could live up to the ease and comfort provided by A Peaceful Farewell.  My recommendation could not be higher.
5	This is the first time that I have needed to euthanize a dog, something that I constantly asked that would not happen with each dog that I have owned.  I thought it would be equilivent to killing my dog.  Not so, it was the final gift of love that I was able to give Doug. Not an easy decision, but when I saw the suffering in his eyes and knew that we had reached the point of no return the decision became easier.  Dr. Kristin and John were able to come in the time frame that I needed.  Both John and Dr. Kristin had just the right amount of compassion and professionalism for both Doug and the rest of my family.  We were not rushed and the process was thoroughly explained.  We were able to give Doug a peaceful, loving and non stressful passing in his home, on his bed and with everyone he loved.  Our other dog is very shy of strangers, she wanted to sniff Doug after he passed but would not due to the proximity of Dr. Kristin and John.  Dr. Kristin sensed this and both she and John waited outside for Carli to have her closure.  Somehow they managed to do what was necessary without being intrusive.  A Peaceful Farewell made a horrible situation easier to go through, thank you so much.  I highly recommend them.
5	Our sweet dog was part of our family for 15 years.  Making the decision to euthanize her in order to end her suffering was one of the most difficult things I have ever done.  Dr. Lawmaster was very caring and informative during our phone consultation and was able to help me consider all of the pertinent factors before coming to this sad conclusion.  When the time came, the scheduling process was simple and they were able to come to our home at the exact time that was best for our family.  Both Dr. Lawmaster and John were comforting, informative, patient, and soft spoken. They were so respectful and caring toward our beloved pet.  It was such a difficult experience for my family, but they made it as peaceful as it could possibly be.  I highly recommend A Peaceful Farewell.  Thank you, Dr. Lawmaster.
