5	I recently purchased suits for my "need to dress to impress" events. The consultants were there every step of the way.  And, this includes helping me pick colors for the suits and the shirts, ties, socks, etc to match. (I am a guy, w/ no knows for color!)The suits are nice, they have good selection in various price ranges, and if you can get there during a sale, you can often get suits at half-off or buy-one-get-one-free. FYI... **there is always a sale** - your average price per suit will always be the same - so just focus on the quality and price point you want.  I've also picked up a rental tux here for a friend's wedding and they didn't disappoint.  Used the same measurements from my suits and made the fitting easy.
4	I was in a pinch 1 hour before my friends wedding and they helped me pick out a button up and tie.  They were on sale for buy 1 get 1 free so he helped pick out 2 of each and even pressed it for me.  The whole process took 15 minutes and the service was awesome.
3	I am a formal/dress clothes aficionado and shop around a lot, and see a lot of different environments for these types of stores. This Mens Wearhouse still reigns in my top for service. Unfortunately though I do not believe in the company anymore as my wedding was April 12th 2013 (this year) and they dropped my reservations for my best man and grooms man at the Arrowhead location and almost messed my wedding up. Luckily working in retail I know customer care would solve it and the customer care team got it to me on time. That was too close of a call to be comfortable in store anymore. Plus the prices even on there BOGO events that they repeatedly do, if you find the cycles on the better stores (Nordstrom's, Dillard's) you can catch the same price for better quality clothing. Pricey for the quality.
3	First thing I noticed was the whole place smelled like fart. Then we were taken to the  wedding counter. the guy who was supposed to help us just sat there and messed with the computer for about 5 mins before speaking to us. terrible service!  We had been to the same location 2 years prior when we were getting married instead of just attending one. Their whole attitude towards us then was 180 degrees of what it was today. They really need to learn that all of their customers count and they all deserve to be treated courteously and with respect.Only reason they got 3 stars from me is averaging the 2 experiences.
2	The place always smells like fart!They also need to learn customer service. You don't neglect to introduce yourself and stare blankly at a computer screen for 10 mins when trying to get a sale. If we didn't have to come here for the wedding my husband was in we would not be here at all.We will not be returning.
