4	I have only been here for lunch, and it was great. The seafood is excellent (had the Halibut Cheeks).One of the best restaurants downtown, nice upscale atmosphere, great location, and wonderfully unique offerings. This place is a real treat at lunchtime.I will try to get down here for dinner in the near future...
3	Hubby and I had dinner here recently before the Symphony. Although the restaurant was not very busy, it took a while for us even to get drinks. The waitress was nice when she finally showed up, answered questions about the menu, but then never bothered to refill our drinks for the rest of our time there. Hubby got the French Onion soup, which seems to be one of their most popular items given the number of times I saw it go by on trays. It was indeed tasty, topped with a smooth and mild Swiss cheese. He got the Prime-Rib French Dip sandwich, which was way over-done in comparison to our favorite at Houston's, but still tender. We wondered if it is prepared in the same way as their signature rock-salt prime-rib. It came with a large side of white cheddar mac and cheese which was kind of bland. I had a skewer of seafood- 2 shrimp (yummy), 2 scallops (1 was really gritty and both were slightly underdone), and two 2" square pieces of well-cooked salmon on a bed of orzo and some veggies. The atmosphere was pretty stuffy and the median age of the other patrons was probably early 60's. Overall, we had average to mediocre food, mediocre service, and paid too much- $75 with 2 glasses of beer. Meh. No reason for us to return.
4	This place can feel a bit stuffy-steakhouse, and its view certainly does not compare to the one in Oakland, CA (which overlooks the bay and has a fabulous view of the SF skyline), but it does a really great job creating solid steakhouse classics with modern twists. The Broadway Pea Salad is a nice way to get some veggies without eating lettuce. The Prime Rib is beyond belief and will make it difficult to enjoy the same cut elsewhere. The Lavender Cosmo is a really good cocktail and comes in a glass rimmed with lavender-infused sugar. When we went a few weeks ago, they had a delicious and inventive dessert - ice cream sandwiches made from chipotle brownies with cherry brandy ice cream. We noticed on the door that they also have late happy hour - want to go back and try that at some point.
4	Just wanted to add more information about Kincaid's happy hour(s):Looks like they have happy hour *every day* from 4pm-6pm and reverse happy hour from 9pm-close! During these two time blocks, all appetizers are half off and mojitos, house chardonnay/cabernet, and all beers on tap are only $3. Yeah, I'll be heading back there for one of these happy hours very soon!
4	The best steakhouse I have been to in the Valley. I've had filet mignon, halibut, and meatloaf at different times from here and it all was excellent.Fine upscale place, a gem in the heart of downtown phoenix.
5	I have a tendency to forget about this restaurant, but after having dinner there the other night, I don't know why. We went to celebrate my father-in-law and brother-in-law's birthday. Because it wasn't a game night and because we had an early reservation, 6:00 p.m., the restaurant was practically deserted (apparently First Friday is not a big draw here).The service and food was excellent. We started the table with the calamari and the classic appetizer sampler consisting of roasted garlic prawns, terriyaki tenderloin and hot King crab and artichoke dip. Each of these were delicious.With my meal, I had a cup of New England Clam Chowder which was extremely good although a bit thin. My brother-in-law had the French Onion soup and the taste I had was excellent.For dinner, I had the Prime Rib which definitely lived up to the waitresses' description as a house specialty. My wife had the Filet Mignon and said it was excellent.In the past, I have also had the Seafood Linguine and the Smoked and Grilled Pork Chop along with other entrees.In fact, I have never had anything from this restaurant I didn't like.Because the restaurant was so empty, I took the opportunity to walk around and look at the decorations more closely this time. Despite being a relative newcomer to the state, they've done a great job of paying homage to Arizona with historic pictures of the places such as the Camelback Inn, Downtown Phoenix, Grand Canyon lodges and even the historic Arizona Inn in Tucson.Also, although pricey, Kincaid's is not as ridiculously expensive as some of the other new steakhouses here in the valley and considering that the meals come with sides, it's actually quite less expensive.I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	I haven't been to Kincaid's in a couple of years, but I just returrned from an event catered by Kincaid's, and I think I'll be walking through their door again when the theatre season is up and rolling (this October). I was a little worried when I realized this was a paper plate, plastic fork, balance your food and marketing materials with nowhere to sit kind of lunch. Kincaid's did a fabulous job. We had freshly steamed vegetables, mashed potatoes, dijon chicken, and even a fabulous key lime tart for dessert. The veggies were crisp and yummy, despite being served in a steam tray (though I think I saw the catering manager pouring Fiji water into the pans, so they were being kept warm with high-quality H2O).The potatoes were creamy and flavorful, and the chicken was SO good, it makes me want to recreate it at home. The breasts were pounded very thin and were covered in a crispy, oniony coating (fried) and drizzled with the dijon sauce. The individual key lime pies had a good 4-inch diameter and were creamy inside with fluffy meringue on top. I can't wait to revisit the restaurant this fall! From what I remember, it makes a great date night restaurant, and it's very close to the theatre.NOTE: My co-worker just informed me that the Fiji bottle was a mere vessel for the lovely tap water from the bathroom sink at the Herberger Theater Center. Oh well! And here I thought I was getting a royal treatment.
4	I'll say that the food was good, as far as steakhouses go (they have seafood too).  We were a party of 5 and got the $27 appetizer sampler which was pretty tasty, plenty for 5 people.  In our party we got the prime rib, filet mignon and a couple of steaks.  The service is where they really fell short.Our server, Fausto, was completely inattentive.  I ordered a Pepsi and he brought a diet.  He didn't really stop by our table to refill our drinks, I had to stop him as he was walking by our table but he wouldn't have otherwise stopped.  He refilled our waters once without being prompted.  When our food was brought out (Fausto wasn't the food runner), my $39 filet mignon was cooked near wll done even though I ordered medium rare.  It took 10 minutes before Fausto made an appearance (again, walking by our table so I had to actually stop him) and told him that my steak was overcooked.  He said that he put in the order wrong and apologized, offering to bring me another steak but by that point two of the five people were nearly done with their meals and I didn't want to wait.  I told him I would eat it anyways and to please bring me another Pepsi.  It took him 15 minutes to bring me my drink, by which point all of us were done with our dinners and ready to go.He then asked about dessert and I told him that we were ready to go.  He said he was bringing me a free dessert because of my meal being incorrect and he handed me a menu but I didn't really want one (it would have been more appropriate to take my incorrect item(s) off the bill).  Nonetheless, when he came back for our dessert orders, we all declined and I told him I didn't want anything.  He said he was bringing out a Key Lime pie anyways as an apology (even though I would never have ordered that as a dessert had I been given a choice).  I told him to get it for me to go, which they did, and then presented us with our $250 bill with no other adjustments made.I gave the pie to a street person on the walk back to our hotel so it wouldn't go to waste, but if this experience was at all indicative of this restaurant, I would recommend that you **never** set foot in the place.Note:  I did complain to the general manager, Kristal Leeder, after my experience and she was very prompt in replying to my e-mail addressing my concerns.  She did offer a certificate toward a future visit with the restaurant, which I think is fair considering the service failure that occurred.
5	Happy Hour review:I was skimming through Christine O's review and elated to see "happy hour every day from 4pm-6pm and reverse happy hour from 9pm-close....all appetizers are half off and mojitos, house chardonnay/cabernet, and all beers on tap are only $3"  Thinking to myself that it sounded great and the rest of the reviews were awesome I decided to try it out this weekend. The plan was to meet my girlfriend there about 4:00, but after traffic from the game and the roads being tore up from the light rail we arrived about 5:15.. Parking was ok but finding the actual restaurant was a little confusing, point being if you've never been here before allow yourself some extra time.. The appetizers were excellent, they normally range from $8-$27, and at 50% off you can't beat the price so we indulged. We tried the teriyaki tenderloin (served with ginger and rice), the blue cheese and bacon chips that was drizzled in chipotle cream sauce and the scallop lollipops. The portions were generous and I can't wait to go back and try the calamari and the artichoke crab dip. Wash that down with $3 mojitos and you have yourself a very happy -  happy hour!
5	I already really liked Kincaid's as a fancier dinner option, but thanks to Sunny B (who went to check out their happy hour based on the information I saw on the door when I was there for dinner), I tried their happy hour, and I was impressed enough to bump this place up to 5 stars. There is a list of 10 or so appetizers that are pulled from the regular menu, and all are 50% off during happy hour. Drink specials (mojitos, margaritas, draft beers, house chardonnay/cabernet) are actually $4 now, but that's still damn cheap! It's also worth noting that even outside of happy hour, they have a short bar menu that is much cheaper than their normal fare. We had five appetizers (macadamia-nut encrusted Brie w/ sliced house bread, fried calamari, sweet potato fries, teriyaki tenderloins w/ rice, and Kobe meatloaf sliders), one margarita, and two glasses of wine, and our total cheack was $38.50! That would be a sweet deal even if the appetizers weren't good, but all of them were excellent and quite filling. We essentially got a full dinner, which always makes for a successful happy hour!Our server, Jennifer, was also super courteous and attentive. She was available when we needed her but didn't rush us either. We also really appreciated when she offered me a second glass of wine "at happy hour price" even though it was basically 6 pm already. If you live anywhere near the Collier Center (corner of 2nd Street and Washington), work downtown, or have friends that work downtown, you will want to check this place out for happy hour. We couldn't believe how empty Kincaid's was, despite offering these crazy and wonderful happy hour deals, but I'd like to believe that after this review, it won't be! Check it out - you won't be disappointed.
2	Perhaps and it is very possible I do not understand the concept of restaurant week. It seemed it was or is to attract potential customers with less than average prices for above average food and service, you know so we will come back when we feel like spending what it normally takes.We went to Kincaids because a friend of mine wanted to try the place and this seemed like the right time. Our dining companions are referred to as M&M.First off, how does this place stay in business? The location is desolate when no games or other venues are in play. Nothing to do or see before or after eating here, too bad.We were greeted and seated by a nice guy. At first we were placed in a booth, it seems to be the choice of most. Unfortunately it does not fit my legs so we moved to a table. We made a reservation, but it was apparent it was not needed as they were not busy. No one in the bar, and only about six tables or groups in the dining room. Our server Tina greeted us with a big smile and ready to take our drink orders along with telling of her favourite appetizers. Gus and I both ordered a classic mojito, something we have never had. One sip and I could feel accelerated tooth decay taking place. God what an overly sweet drink, and not in a good way. Neither of us drank this experiment in sugar. Our dinner companions ordered something more in the line of an adult drink and enjoyed very much. I found out about an hour ago Gus wanted to order off of the main menu but did not want to appear as a party pooper so he stuck with the RW menu. I too felt the same way and this is a good example of not speaking up and finding you should have. We both had the Maytag blue cheese salad, yes it was cold, and yes it was crisp but uninspired. M&M one Maytag and one clam chowder, neither made comment as to being good or bad. We then went on to the bacon wrapped Kobe meatloaf, mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy and sweet-sour- red cabbage, this being 18 dollars on the main menu. Again uninspired comes to mind, we make better meatloaf at home and our gravy has flavour. The cabbage was neither sweet nor sour but a rather dull flavour of what it should have been. Our deserts were the chocolate cake and a key lime pie. Neither were the best or worst we have had. M&M had the salmon and chicken, again no mention of enjoyment. I know it sounds from what I just wrote that it was pretty horrible. It wasn't it was just not at the top of anyone's game. The restaurant is a nice looking place with friendly folks who seem to be rushing around getting things done for a non crowded place. The intervals between courses were a bit longer than they should have been, but did not upset any of us since we enjoyed our company and conversation. The only way I can think of to describe the quality of the food is that it was cooked by a line cook and not a chef. Again I could be wrong, but it looks as though some restaurants were added to the list after we went to Kincaids, some offering an actual steak at the steak houses. Kincaids offered the least they could.Polishing makes most things shine, this place needs a good hot waxing. Too many places in Phoenix that shine to make this a place on ones rotation.One last thing, Gus was up all night with an upset stomach. He never gets upset tummies so we suspect something here was not settling well with him.
3	The entrance to the parking garage is on the southwest corner of Washington. Pay attention, people. This is important. Yeah, I know - it looks like it's on 3rd Street, but it's not. That's a service entrance. The actual entrance is the one that looks like an exit. But it's not just an exit - it's the entrance. My first pass I drove right by it thinking it was the exit and the entrance must have been on 3rd Street and had to go around the block. But it was 5 o'clock. And there was a Suns game. Fuck the Suns. Took me 20 minutes to go around the fucking block. So my second pass I turned left on 3rd Street. And 3rd Street's a one-way going south so I couldn't just turn around. Another 20 minutes around the block. Third pass I was so pissed it was my third pass I wasn't paying attention and thought 3rd Street was 4th Street and drove right by it again. Fucking shit, man. Why is there no 4th Street? What the fuck happened to 4th Street? Jesus Christ. Who built this fucking city? Burn them. Find them and fucking burn them. Are you paying attention? Pay attention, people. This is important. I don't want this to happen to you. I care about you. Well, most of you. Some of you, anyway. Whatever. The entrance to the parking garage is on the southwest corner of Washington.The food's okay. Little pricy. Cool presentation. I'll upload a pic of our app later when I've had some time to cool off. Make sure you go with someone you that makes you smile, that's what made it for me. Sorry for all the fucks.
4	I have been to Kincaid's for business and pleasure and all the times I have gone there, its been fantastic, classy, and delicious. Thumbs up!
2	What can I say!!  I have been there once and haven't been back.  After shelling out over $170 I better be damn satisfied.  But I was not!  I have mentioned my frugality in other reviews and when I shell out a lot of money it better be worth it otherwise I really am critical of the place.First, when I ordered spring water they brought out bottles of Fiji and charged me ten dollars per bottle.  Don't get me wrong I love Fiji water, but a ten damn dollars for a 2 dollar bottle of Fiji.  I work in the hospitality industry and I am shocked by their mark up.  Second, when I order a $50 dollar steak it better be fantastic.  But I had better steaks from Chili's or any other similar knock off restaurant.  Third, the sides were bland I had a Caesar side salad and dis-liked it.  Although that was my fault because I forgot to realize that a authentic Caesar side salad will have anchovies.  The other side that came with the steak was fingerling potatoes which were not fully cooked and unsalted.  I have mentioned my fancy for potatoes in other reviews (especially french fries) so I was very disappointed when I tasted them.  I can prepare them so many different ways that they would knock your socks off and I have never attended any culinary institute.  So when professionally trained chefs can't do better than a Food Network trained cook there is something wrong with that.  But them the breaks.I will admit the service was great, but that can't make up for $170 sub par meal.  So if you are downtown and want a great steak skip Kincaid's and go to Durant's where they have servers wandering around always refilling your glass with Evian water for FREE and the food is insanely delicious.  That's what I do!!!
2	In a city with so many steakhouses to choose from, Kincaid's only makes itself look like another of the same both on the outside and inside. The menu is strikingly similar to the offerings you find at Morton's, Capital Grille, and other chain steakhouses in the Valley.I used to love this restaurant while growing up, but I think it was the infatuation with the city and all its big building, one way streets, activity everywhere, etc. Now that I live in the city, and that luster has worn off, Kincaid's joins the ranks as "just another place to eat red meat." My last visit, I noticed the staff is about a half generation younger than its competitors, which is not really a problem, but may say something about employee turnover, quality of employment, etc. They are all nice, conversive, and helpful, albeit a little less knowledgable and professional. The food quality has been all over the board for me, along with preperations. On one visit, I swore up and down I had one of the most tender and well cooked filets I had ever ordered. Another visit I ordered 3 ahi tuna tostadas, which were beautifully displayed, but had a mushy goo of a tuna on top of them. It was hardly a satisfying dish.As for downtown options, I would say this is the best for those who are going an event, but it would definitely be worth a 10 minute drive/train ride to go to Durant's in Midtown. You'll have a more consistent, and less corporate experience for sure.
3	I went to Kincaid's for a business lunch the other day.  The location is slightly obscure (it's hiding in the back of the 2nd floor of an outdoor mall area), but the ambience was that of a typical steakhouse once inside.I really enjoyed my lunch - crab-stuffed mahi mahi with rice.  It wasn't too expensive of a lunch (3 of us were around $100 after tip), but then again, it was lunch.I'm putting Kincaid's in the middle of the pack as far as steakhouses go.  I've had much better (Fleming's, Del Frisco's), and much worse (Duke's).
3	Went here while on a business trip.We ate outside, it was a really nice evening, good service, very comfortable.  I had the lobster mac 'n cheese - it was pretty good ...the lobster was a bit undercooked for my liking (though my friend had no problem eating it off my plate lol) The rest of my party all loved their meals and we got a ton of food that I wish I could have taken home with me, but alas...no fridge in the hotel room! Kinda fancy but comfortable...I'd go back
4	We jumped off the lite rail then wore out leather deciding on an eatery. So many great choices downtown & Kincaid's does not disappoint. Staff easily agreed to set us up on the patio and brought out the fine linen tablecloth before our $17 burger arrived. Presentation and taste well worth the splurge; loved the jalapeno stuffed olives and Caesar side salad. Service easily outshown Donovan's and Kincaid's appears to have more pride than to serve an iceberg wedge with not one garnish! You will not confuse this steakhouse with it's competitors.
2	Kincaid's is still very cool but disappointing.  Lunch service was slow even without a crowd. Waiter forgot my beer 3 times. My mom thought it could be CRS syndrome.Tuna and burger sandwiches are quite tasty AND messy; it would be a good test to see the chef eat them with ease.
5	"Kincaid's Always Pleases" - Five of us went for an early dinner and as always Kincaid's pleases. The BBQ Baby Back Ribs Hawaiian Style with Sweet Potato Fries and Cole Slaw was incredible! A full rack with sweet glazed crust on the surface clinging to chunks of moist tasty meat was too much for me to eat alone so I shared with my friends. Everyone loved them! The slaw was a bit unusual with several ingredients I couldn't makeout. It was okay.  I love the sweet potatoe fries. It was a perfect combo of flavors with iced tea which had a touch of mango or something exotic... very good!My friends had the Halibut Grilled delicious as always. Another had the Salmon served atop a mountain of potato. He was very please and also ordered the side of asparagus which was perfection. Another had the house specialty Salt incrusted Prime Rib and he scored an end cut which was huge and delicious! Phillip took good care of us as we lingered over dinner conversation for over two hours. Once again Kincaid's reminded me why it is my favorite downtown fine dining restaurant.
4	Genuine upscale restaurant - good food, service and ambiance. I usually order the fish, but occasionally order two appetizers instead. The Maitre' D always lets the waiter know we have a limited time to eat before theater; the waiter makes sure we order something that can be done within that time. They validate our parking from dinnertime through the end of the play, an extra bonus, even if it is a bit of a walk! If you want to make going out downtown a special event, this is a good place, although I wouldn't make Kincaid's the only destination.  Always in our theater rotation.
4	What a midweek treat. Georgie S and I met here after work on Wednesday to enjoy their happy hour special: $4 beer and a few select cocktails. I had arrived a bit early so I dove face-first into a pomegranate margarita. Nice, good, but a bit too sour for my tastes; nevertheless I don't regret trying it. Afterwards I moved to my trusted BFF Guinness. :doe eye: The appetizers are half off, which was a treat since they aren't exactly cheap. But, it's not your typical happy hour fare. This is high class/high class, like let you meet mama and introduce you to papa. After laboriously narrowing our choices down to one a piece, Georgie and I decided on the teriyaki tenderloin and grilled jumbo scallop lollipops. Both were melt-in-your-mouth good. We both had two beers and our bill was around $35. However Christina P received a $20 gift card. She wasn't able to use it before it expired so gave it to Robert M. He is out of town on business this week so he gave it to Georgie. As the card was being redeemed, it was showing there was no balance on it; had someone snarkily used the balance of the card and passed it along? Hork, imagine the possible hours of dramady! But, alas, the card turned out to be valid so, with tip, our evening was $11 each (with tip) for a fine afternoon.
1	This is the only time I've ever walked out on a restaurant and got comped the "meal."  I mean ever.  And I eat a lot and everywhere.So what was so wretched.  One, the service.  Two, the service.  And three, the service.  And heck, I used to be a server so I'm usually super understanding.We started with the classic sampler which included ROASTED GARLIC PRAWNS (overcooked, but good flavor), TERIYAKI TENDERLOIN (yummy and the best thing off the sampler), and Hot red KING CRAB AND ARTICHOKE DIP (eh, nothing special here).  For 27 bucks, I thought it would have knocked my socks off.  It did not.  Not even close.I ordered their "signature" ROCK SALT ROASTED PRIME RIB OF BEEF, medium rare.  Waitress says they tend to serve it slightly rarer.  I said awesome.  It came close to well.  I showed her a cross-section of the prime rib w/no pink at all.  She reiterated that they check it with the temperature, I look at her doubtfully and she tells me that they are out of the PRIME RIB.  It is 6 p.m. on a Saturday night, a night they opened at 4 p.m.  You are telling me that you sold out that quickly?  She gave me other steak options, including a blackened prime rib.  I said sure, she comes back and says all prime rib is sold out.  Let me tell you, I had a couple of bites of the prime rib I had sent back, and there's no way that item was hot enough to sell out that quickly.  No way!I decided to go with the filet mignon and asked  her for a refill on drinks.  She took our drinks...and never came back!Seriously, we waited and waited and waited until we had to leave to get to a late night meeting.  No drinks and no filet.I have no idea if this is the norm, but at least 3 other tables ended getting comped or a discounted bill (from me just noticing what was happening at other tables).  The manager was understanding and apologized, but there's no way I'll be back.
2	You have to be kidding me.... We never mind spending a lot for a GOOD meal with wonderful service and all the things that make dining out a pleasant and fun experience. Sadly, none of that was there during our meal at Kincaid's and we still spent A LOT. The restaurant is decorated nicely, not my favorite style but very typical for a steakhouse. I started with a VERY tasty cocktail (highlight of the meal) and probably should have kept them coming and enjoyed a purely liquid dinner instead of what was to come. We split a house salad which seemed to be bagged lettuce, tomatoes and red onion. I mean I understand that a house salad should be simple but COME ON! For my entree I went with the scallops (my fav) with grilled veggies. Sadly the scallops were TINY and covered in some kid of almond bread crumb mixture atop a bed of overly salty couscous. My boyfriend had the fillet which came with mashed potatoes and veggies that were all overly salty-there was very little flavor besides salt throughout the whole meal. Just thinking about it makes me thirsty actually (once again, should have continued with more cocktails).  We skipped dessert and headed home for fondue (my speciality!).Along with the poorly prepared meal came very poor service!  Not only was our server slow but our water glasses were only refilled after we asked and the same went with our cocktails and wine.  Other servers in the restaurant were bad too-bumping into our table, not saying excuse me, etc...Take my advice save money and skip this place!!
4	4.5 stars.  This is one of my favorite places in Downtown Phoenix for happy hour.  The food specials, particularly the seafood appetizers, and a great value.  EVERYTHING is half off during happy hour (4-6PM).  The seafood sampler, for example, is normally around $27 and can be had for half price.  Most places with "half price" specials normally have stipulations that you can't order certain things.  Kincaid's doesn't do this and it's one of the hidden gems around here in my opinion.  As far as happy hour drinks go, they are something like $1 off for beers, and a cheaper price for certain drinks.  The cranberry mojito is actually really good here too.Now, as far as the dining experience goes, it's almost overwhelmingly positive in my experience.  Great food, pretty good service, and a nice upscale atmosphere. Bottom line:5 stars for happy hour4 stars for dinner (a little pricey)4.5 overall
1	I was here for a conference and saw their sign for a $10 lunch special which wasn't available that day.  Took over an hour to just get a lunch salad.  The waiter had major attitude.Avoid this place!
4	I ate at Kincaid's one weekday for dinner, around 7pm.  I was by myself, and the restaurant was pretty empty so I sat at the bar.   I chose Kincaid's based on another review, and it sounded fairly upscale.  I wanted to get dressed up and feel nice, and this restaurant allowed me to do just that.Sitting at the bar I faced 3 TVs - with 3 different football games.  Kind of a bummer if you don't like sports.  And I was very surprised that none of the waitstaff made an attempt to chat since I was alone - they were more interested in the football games! I ordered the blackened salmon with scalloped potatoes and spinach - it was scrumptious!   And the suggested wine to accompany it was good as well.  Surprisingly, I was able to finish all of it - so kudos to the chef.Kincaid's is a decent restaurant if you don't mind spending a little more.  My entree was $25 and the wine was $8.
3	I had the $29 prix fixe menu, special for this time of the year.The ceasar salad was fresh and the dressing was good.  I had the prime rib and I like it rare.  It was medium rare at best.  The salt baked roast was just too salty for my taste.  The potato was bland and the butter could not revive it.  Finally, the dessert, burnt vanilla cream was nicely done with the burnt sugar on top, essentilly creme brulee.  I only ate the top layer.  The vanilla cream was too sweet.I had a mojito before dinner.  It was good, minty and enough alcohol.
4	Classy atmosphere, good food, good location.Went there for lunch.Had the clam chowder, excellent. And some type of shrimp wrap. All was good including the buttery bread they bring out as appetizer.
4	I spend a lot of time down town and Kincaids is a lunch favorite for me.  Consistantly good food everytime I am there.  Makes it a great place to entertain clients.  I never have to worry that something isn't going to be good and the atmosphere is always classy.I recently had the Beef Stew off the under $10 menu.  Top 3 best beef stews I have ever had.  The beer broth was perfectly seasoned.  The chunks of meat were generous and over all flavor was perfect.  I would higly recomend it.
4	Great happy hour bar and nice staff.  When I needed a last minute reservation for some clients they worked me in even though they were extremely busy that night.  When one of my client's dinners wasn't cooked as ordered the waiter offered to bring another but since time was short that wasn't going to work so they comped his dinner & drinks.  Great place to dine in downtown Phoenix.
5	WOW! Finally a restaurant in the desert that has me head over heels. Location, service, freshness, menu, view, large but intimate dinning room, i can go on! It was Valentines day, our 10th year anniversary-last minute date with this being our 20th choice. They were wide open, no reservations needed. Not only are they located in the Heart and Soul of downtown. It is so close to the new convention center, that several times during the meal I had the urge to reach out and grab the building to pull us closer; as I chose the table closest to the edge on the patio near the convention center and sat right in the center of the table looking out. The view was so breathtaking, I almost forgot we ordered the best appetizer ever! The Classic Sampler included  Roasted garlic prawns over tasty mashed potatoes, teriyaki tenderloin over rice, hot red King crab and artichoke dip served with the tastiest bread sticks. Everything was superb! This could have easily been a meal in itself. We shared a salad at the suggestion of the waiter-expecting a portion that could be shared, but received the smallest-most delicious salad. It was served chopped style (yup this is the real deal when it comes to Chop houses) with a delicious ranch dressing. Next time we will each order our own because i wanted MORE! I didn't mind as it made more room for the bottle of wine (half off on Saturdays for bottles of wine and Champagne-LUCKY us!). I ordered the Grilled North Atlantic Maine Lobster Tails which were served with grilled asparagus, melted butter for dipping and fresh lemon. Brian ordered the Bone in Rib Eye 20 oz. which is Creekstone Farms' premium Black Angus beef, corn fed and aged 28 days for flavor and tenderness. All steaks are grilled and seasoned with custom rub, then topped with steakhouse butter. Served with crispy buttermilk onion strings and red jacket mashed potatoes. It was so delicious I had to copy and paste the menu as this is one restaurant that is sure to be tried even just once. If your a Phoenician or a lover of Phoenix as I, then you can finally be proud to know that downtown Phoenix is the home to one of the Best Chop houses in all of my 16 country travels!!!!
5	I loooove Kincaid's for lunch!!! They have the best bread to munch on while you wait for your food. I usually have the lunch special of Halibut with just cracked pepper and lemon. Wowomg sooo good. My mouth is watering right now. You can't leave this place without trying the Cremme brulee! It is the best I have ever had. Yummmmmmmmmm!
3	Its pretty high end for lunch. the decor is all top notch as well as the wait staff. Never had a bad meal here, but have mainly gone for lunch, and dinner once. There are other places that are better but not within walking distance to the ballpark and arena. Its a little off track that not too many know about during game season. They do have a pretty big bar area.
2	My boyfriend took me to Kincaid's when we were downtown for a show. He was excited to take me there because he's loved his meals in the past. He ordered his usual bone-in rib eye steak and Iceberg Lettuce Wedge and was very happy with his dinner. I ordered the Filet Mignon (I'm a picky meat eater, so filets are usually a good, safe bet for me) and a Caesar Salad (I ordered this because I thought an older, classic steakhouse would make an older, classic Caesar). I ordered my steak medium-well and it wasn't even close... It was rare! I ate around the edges because we didn't have enough time to send it back. My Caesar was also disappointing.... not a lot of flavor and nothing to write home about. Kincaid's does have a great mixed drink list with a variety of creative drinks. I tried two and enjoyed both of them. Good drinks weren't enough to save Kincaid's for me... won't be rushing back.
1	I cannot, in good faith, recommend this to anyone. My husband and I went there before a concert to celebrate our anniversary. I was really looking forward to a nice dinner. Unfortunately I got overpriced mediocrity. It all started from the moment we walked in the door. The hostess seated us in the middle of the relatively empty restaurant, where we sat, and sat, and sat waiting for someone to acknowledge that we were even there. After about fifteen minutes (seriously!), the hostess came over and poured what she thought was water and left (I'll give it to her that it was hard to tell it wasn't water, since the glasses are dark blue). What we actually got was iced tea. Unfortunately I hate iced tea and really, REALLY needed some water. It was a very warm day out and I was very dehydrated. We finally got a server to pass by about ten minutes later. His only comments to us were that he would be right with us. Really? After thirty minutes? At this point it was too late for us to go elsewhere, we were trapped. Our server finally came back to take our drink order, and we asked AGAIN for water (practically begging at this point). It took another request after that just to get water. We ultimately ordered our meals. My husband ordered the bone-in steak ($40). I ordered the crab cakes app and we shared the side of mac n cheese with bacon. My husband's steak was average at best. While it was cooked to temp, it lacked any seasoning whatsoever. The mashed potatoes that came with it however were very good. My crab cakes on the other hand were quite possibly the best crab cakes I've ever had. Very flavorful, despite their small size. The mac and cheese however was another story. I've never had such bland mac. How can something with bacon lack any flavor at all? It seems like the chefs had a competition to see who could make mac with less flavor. Winner got to serve their creation to us. Lucky us. Our server was consistently absent, and when he was in the area, he was obviously preoccupied with another table. The restaurant was practically dead, so I don't know why he was so inattentive. I was so disappointed when I left. Not only was my wallet $100 lighter, but I didn't get anything out of it. My husband said it best. "At least when I go to Capital Grille I know I'll spend this much money, but I'll feel like a king when I leave." Here, I felt like I was imposing on someone else the entire time. Not my idea of a good time.
4	Great French onion soup and French dip sand
3	I guess the string of recent bad reviews has done Kincaid's in. We tried to go there for HH before last week's game and they had a sign on the door saying they are only open for lunch going forward. We'll see how long that revenue-saving scheme lasts. It's a shame because this place really did HH right.
3	I went to dinner here with a party of four.  Two of us thought their meals were exceptional (they had the Kobe meatloaf and the scallops) the other two of us thought it was just ok (mahi mahi and prime rib).  Overall, though, it was a good experience.  We didn't have any of the problems with service that some of the other reviewers mentioned, but that may be because there were only about 10 people (including us) in the restaurant at the time.  Really, I think this place was good but probably not worth the money.  However, since there are not really many options in downtown Phoenix (other than sports bars) within walking distance of Symphony Hall, I will definitely be going here again since I have no choice!
3	[4 Stars for the service and ambiance, 3 for the food] Some friends were in town attending a conference at the convention center and we wanted to meet for dinner. It was J's birthday and when asked what she wanted to eat, she said something nice like a steak or seafood. Considering the nearby options we decided on Kincaid's. They offered a $25 prix fixe menu with numerous choices and their summer menu. Y had the prix fixe Hawaiian BBQ ribs, the rest of us ended up ordering off the menu. J had the prime rib, JN had the crab stuffed mahi mahi, as did I. We decided to split a bottle of the a Kendall Jackson Meritage . [A little heavy considering I had the fish but hey...] The prices seemed a bit high, but typical for a nice meal out, I hoped the quality would later merit the prices. They brought out the bread, it was warm and fresh, nothing outstanding and there was only one small strip for each of us. Ok so I guess we really don't need the carbs. The portions were on point. Not too big but not too small. Being good friends we offered up and sampled off each others plates family style. The ribs looked great and were fall off the bone tender. The coleslaw was warm and had a chipotle ranch that had enough spicy heat to overwhelm the flavor and make it not so enjoyable, along with the fact it was warm. The sweet potato fries were quite tasty. I had a piece of the prime rib (requested medium, prepared to request). It was tender and served with fresh grated horseradish. The portion was thick but considering the price...ehh. The mahi mahi was cooked well and the stuffing with crab, cheese and spinach was quite rich. Served atop a butter sauce, with a side of lemony rice (nicely tart but a little over cooked) and a side of roasted vegetables. Combining the fish with the rice on the fork, made for a nice bite (once you over looked how mushy/overcooked the rice was), however individually one might consider the rice too lemony-tart and the fish a little rich and bland. Over all I enjoyed the ambiance, and the opportunity for a nice meal in the downtown area. Since I live and work downtown, I think I may try it again for lunch or happy hour as I have heard good things and I hear they have some nice lunch offerings.
2	I would absolutely give my server 5 stars.  That's why this review is so hard to write.  She was attentive, kind, and an all around sweet heart. The food however was bland and boring.  I have never seen a chop house/seafood restaurant with so little seafood in my life.  I ordered the king crab artichoke open faced sandwich.  I had really high hopes for the sandwich since it had all of my favorite ingredients.  Cheese? Check Crab? CheckArtichoke? CheckSourdough? CheckIt takes great skill to take all of these ingredients and throw them together in such a way that I really have a hard time describing just how uneventful the sandwich was.  The rest of the menu looked even less intriguing than this sandwich.  Decided to have some Creme Brulee.  I am a huge fan of this dessert but was so let down again.  The consistency was there but they do not use real vanilla (just extract) so there is not a ton of flavor.  I also tasted the grainy texture of the sugar that had not completely caramelized.  Pretty difficult to make a Creme Brulee taste boring.  Good job Kincaid's.  You've managed to accomplish what only a T.G.I. Fridays could.
3	I'm sure some of you will yell at me, but I've been in AZ for 13 years and only made my first trip to Kincaid's this past week with my co workers for a team lunch.  Me = not a big high end restaurant person.  It's food.  If  you make it in a hut and it's amazing, I'm a fan.  If you are super high end and it sucks, I'm gonna laugh cause I think it's ironic.The atmosphere at Kincaid's at mid day is power lunch.  It's extravagant, but somewhat simple.  Trying to eat vegetarian at Kincaid's is a chore.  Other than soup and a salad there were no meat free options that I could find on their menu.  But, it is a steak/chop/seafood place, so not unexpected.  I settled for a half order of mac & cheese and a bowl of tomato basil soup.  Yes I know what you are thinking, mac & cheese is pretty vegetarian, but not here, because it had bacon in it.  And it wasn't your mom's Kraft mac and cheese either.  It had 3 or 4 different kinds of cheese in it.  It was pretty incredibly yummy for mac & cheese.  The soup was absa-yum-alicious!  It's a creamy tomato, seasoned with basil, topped with a couple of croutons and a sprinkling of cheese.  Whoever put tomato, basil and cheese together should be honored! I enjoyed iced tea with my lunch.  Ya can't really mess up iced tea.What did my lunch cost ... $16, not including tip.  Way more than I wanna spend for lunch but it's a once in while thing so it's all good.
4	Visited Kincaid's as part of the Urban Wine Walk.  Although the restaurant advertised only a fruit and cheese plate to go with a 2 ounce pour, they rolled out giant baked shrimp over creamy mashed potatoes, crab and artichoke dip, and fruit and cheese. All (including the spicy shiraz pour) were great!  My companions and I looked at a menu, and did feel the selection was pricey, but the atmosphere and service was superb.  Def looking forward to happy hour here soon!
3	I went to Kincaid's for their $10.00 lunch special that includes a drink and your choice of side. It is a very nice restaurant with a great atmosphere, but the food is kind of blah (depending on what you get). The French Onion Soup that I ordered as a side was FANTASTIC! One of the best that you will ever try. But my main dish (chicken walnut salad wrap) was just lame. Mayo and shredded chicken with some shredded lettuce. I would imagine that their dinner menu is much better, but I doubt that I will be back to try it.
5	Kincaid's is as good as it gets for happy hour before the big Suns game.  I went here again last night for the home opener against the Lakers.  The Suns get five stars too but they couldn't pull a win off with all the new players, now on to the review...We come here every time before the game and I highly recommend showing up a minimum of an hour and a half before the game.  If you get there an hour before the game you will have to sit in the dining area and it just not the same.  The place is hidden and tucked away north of the arena upstairs just east/behind of paradise bakery which is hidden in the middle of the food complex that is attached to the Hard Rock (did you get that).  I almost always order the Kobe sliders (and no they are not named after Kobe Bryant) and my wife orders the calamari which they always come out great.  I have had the chicken wings and the artichoke dip as well.  All appetizers are half off before 6pm during the week and I think there are drink specials but I always end up with rum and coke anyway.  The atmosphere is the coolest at this place, they have oversized pictures of old baseball teams and HUGE chandeliers in the bar area at least.  I think of Ron Burgundy (Anchor Man) when I'm in this bar and I get the feeling I will smell the scent of mahogany, ha ha.  It's a very masculine steak house and once or twice I have eaten dinner here cause the bar was overfilled.  I have had some halibut that was fantastic and I have ordered a ribeye that did not make much of an impression.  I would not rate this place as good as it gets for dinner but it is the best place before a game because it is very nice, clean, good bar, good service, and it takes 2 minutes to get to the arena from here.
1	This place is TERRIBLE. Went last night with a group of 10 people and we had 2 servers, so you think we would get amazing service, right? Farrrr from it. The server messed up the drink order on 3 peoples drinks,twice. The salad was absolutely drenched in dressing. The filet that i ordered medium came out fully well done. We all ordered a second round of drinks as we gave our food orders. Most specifically choosing their drink to be able to pair it with their food. Well 40 minutes later, well after we had finished eating, our drinks came. I kid you not. 40 MINUTES for drinks! And we kept on trying to get the attention of EITHER of our servers, and they continuously ignored our whole table. Then when the check came (we were going to order dessert and coffees, but realized it could take a whole hour to get that-so declined) then and only then did our server apologize. And of course he said "oh we are super busy, so the kitchen and bar have been backed up all night". Not once did he admit any of the blame was his. I've worked in restaurants before, and NEVER should a round of drinks (that were ordered at the same time as the meal) take 40 minutes. We also never had our water refilled, after asking multiple times, and being there for a solid 2 hours. This place is terrible all around. NEVER will we go back. Save yourself the money and waste of time.
3	Can't say this is the best seafood restaurant around.  Everything tastes like butter.  The bread is okay, they just started a "recession" menu, which means most everything is around the ten dollar point.  I'd start with lunch and not really try dinner.  We go there a lot for recruiting lunches but can't say I'd go there normally.
4	Went here on happy hour time. Seems pretty good deal on the drinks but the food is relatively good. The tastes is excellent. Tried the dungeness crab and artichoke dip and immediately fell in love! Superb taste, must have appetizer! Highly recommended. Other appetizers like calamari and raw oyster were good. The drinks are splendid. Love the green apple drop and my fav pomegranate margarita. Overall the happy hour is good and relatively good price :))
3	I brought my mom here for the Mother's Day champagne brunch and I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was. After having a pretty mediocre experience at the Redondo Beach location I was hesitant at giving this place a try again but I'm glad I gave it another chance!We were immediately seated upon arrival and the server took our dink orders, of course I started with a mimosa and then off to the buffet we went. They had a great selection of breakfast foods mixed in with a prime rib carving station, shrimp cocktail and assorted fruit and pastries. The highlight of the meal for me was their French toast. I ate so much food I was full for the rest of the day! Great service and a great deal at $30/ person!Oh and they validate parking in the nearby garage for up to 1 1/2 hrs :-)
3	This review is a little depressing so forgive me if I suddenly stop in mid sentence do to the fact that I have just killed myself. I waited too long to write this review, so it's a 2 for 1! Oh Kincaid's how I once loved you..............those days are gone. I need to get over it and move on! This also proves that Yelp is therapy! This was my go to spot for happy hour before the Suns games and I love the Suns and I loved Kincaid's so it was a threesome match made in heaven!(not that I'm into that kinda thing) Walking in there wearing my Suns gear, I am the happiest person on the planet, because I know they have the best calamari appetizer anywhere.   Well, they did until they changed the recipe and now its just a pile of fried artichoke hearts that take over the already over battered squid. If you knew what the previous dish was like, oh man you could feel my pain. Imagine lightly battered, tender bites of sea food fried with slices of jalapenos, that you dipped into the most perfect sweet and sour plum sauce. It sounds a little strange but I'm telling you.....it was fabulous!I have tried some of the other apps and they just don't stand out in my opinion. It's not a total loss, the drinks are great and so is the service. If you get there early enough you can order a full meal and they do good work.  I still enjoy going in and chatting with the other fans over a ice cold Blue Moon. Looking forward to a new season and maybe a few menu changes for the better.
5	I don't get some of the negative reviews here.  I have been there quite a few times when I'm in town and I either order the Prime Rib or the Bone-in Ribeye.  Each and every time, it is out of this world good.  The Aujus with the Prime Rib is the absolute bomb.  The wait staff is really good as well.  I think Cain and Randal were the last 2 guys that served us.  You won't find a more personable wait staff then those guys and they are always on top of it.  Everyone else there is cool as well.  You are greeted by at least 3 passing-by staff member every time.  You just can't get a better happy hour either.  We sat in the bar a couple of times after conferences during the week and have never never been as entertained by any other bar staff.  It's cool laugh with restaurant staff after a week of getting mauled by clients.  And the Happy hour food and drinks are really good as well.  So whatever the problem is, I'm sure they'll fix it.  Don't worry Kincaids, I'll be RIBEYE-HIND-YA ;-)
5	Wow!  Happy hour from 4-10 pm...everyday?  Who's heard of that.  While the location is downtown and deserted on Sunday night (when we went) the bartender was great and very attentive.  I live Guinness so for $4/pint you can't beat it.  The appetizers are also very tasty and 1/2 off.  We have been to the one in Hawaii which is old and only has happy hour from 4-7 so this is great.  I would definitely go back.
4	$10 lunch menu is totally worth it. Servers attentive and helped us get in & out in the short time that we required to get back to convention center. My chicken salad was very tasty, and my dining partner loved his fish tacos.
4	Awesome service, great menu, quiet dining room with low music playing in background,  and patio seating available but no great view.  We got the appetizer trio and it was DELICIOUS~ The trio includes large shrimp sitting in grits, second was cut up steak with paired rice with a sort "asian" flavor to it, and third was dungess crab and artichoke dip with bread!!! Just remembering the flavors makes my taste buds leak!  I ordered my filet mignon medium-well and that was MY mistake... i regretted it after seeing Travis cut into his prime rib and all the juices flow out.  My filet was an 8 oz cut and I had to give Travis some to help me finish! (I think that appetizer trio filled me up) Our server was knowlegable of the menu and explained that it would seasonally be changing. It was a great dining experience so glad we did it!
1	We were in Phoenix on business and went to Kincaid's for dinner. We have a gluten allergy and usually find steak and seafood places to have "safe" options for us. Our waiter was friendly and asked if we had any questions on the menu. We asked if they had a gluten free menu and he said no.  Then we asked about some of the menu items to see how they were prepared so we can determine if they were gluten free.  The waiter left and sent the manager over.The manager was very unhelpful and said everything on the menu had gluten in it. Even their mashed potatoes and all sauces and dressings.  Then we asked if we could get a grilled piece of fish with no sauce. He said all the fish was already prepared with the sauces and crusts on them. The only thing we could eat on the menu was the scallops...but they were out of scallops. He said there was a book in the kitchen of the ingredients for all of their dishes but the book was too big to look through. The table of 5 next to us were unhappy because the manager said he was too busy to split their check for them into two payments. We were so turned off by the lack of customer satisfaction that this manager demonstrated for us and for the table next to us.After going through this for 45 minutes, we left frustrated and hungry and drove 5 miles to Ruth's Chris where we had the most amazing dinner you can imagine. They had a gluten free menu, amazing service and the Chefs did not miss a beat on anything!I will never go to Kincaid's again. Terrible experience.
4	Located in the center of Downtown, this place is a good place for some happy hour or good lunch!Under new management they have taken some items off of their happy hour and lunch menu. Dinner here is amazingly delicious also! If you got for lunch or happy hour make sure to order their pomegranate mojito, it's very tasty and will hit the spot after a long day! Their sampler plate is HUGE and you can surely please everyone with sweet potato fries, crab dip, calamari...etc. Their lunch menu is good too, they have salads, very tasty quesadillas, and some sandwiches of your choice.If you want to splurge and go for their dinner menu, I recommend for the appetizer their teriyaki tenderloins and buttermilk calamari. For dinner I opted for a good old chophouse burger with sweet potato fries. Very juicy and cooked to perfection and goes great with brie cheese. Also for dinner if you're more of a chicken person, the roasted chicken dijon is very good and the parmesan bread crust on top of it is to die for!
2	We've had several meals at this location in the past few years, but our last one will be our last.  I ordered the scallops in beurre blanc.  At $30, it is a pricey dish, but with only 3 medium sized scallops swimming in a lake of buttery sauce, it was absurdly expensive and not very good at any price.  My wife and I each had a glass of wine:  I had a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc, and she had an Oregon Pinot Noir.  The wines were OK, but at $8 to $12 they should have been better.  And our glasses were not even half filled.  All in all, a disappointing experience, not to be repeated.
3	Our server was awesome! Vivian was friendly, knew how to engage everyone at our table, knew the menu, and very cute (not really a criteria for excellent service, but thought I would mention it).The Blueberry Crush cocktail was good. Between the delicious adult beverage and the outdoor patio setting, life was good.I ordered the NY Strip Steak. Very tasty even if the cooks didn't get the temperature correct. No, I did not send it back to be corrected. Wish I would've tried some of the desserts. Decided to hold off and drink dessert elsewhere. Actually, they have happy hour in the lounge every day - a valid reason for coming here frequently.I would come back here again.
2	Over-priced corporate chain "high end" restaurant.  No reason to eat here unless you happen to work in the building next door.  The steaks are about the same price as Mastros/Ruth's Chris/Morton's but not remotely in the same league. Not prime, not aged, absolutely mediocre.  Appetizers and sides were all of the same middling quality.  Lots of better places to eat downtown and for a lot less money.
5	Came back again for the prime rib and I think it was even better then before.  Hand-down, best prime rib in the valley.
4	This place is good!  Our server was attentive, the food was good.  The Oyster Rockefeller?  If you're on the fence ... get them!  Really good.  Even my buddy who is not into oysters said "wow."  I had the scallops.  Good, but kind of skimpy on the portion.  Fortunately I was with a friend who had the rib-eye rubbed with coffee (or something like that) and he shared.  Can't taste the coffee.  The rib-eye was very good.  Ambiance:  Excellent.  My only criticism is that with low-lights (wonderfully romantic if you are with the right person--and I wasn't (into chicks, here)) it's difficult for those of us who are colorblind, to read the small, light red, detail print on the menus.  I had to have my buddy read then menu to me.  Well, I had also just swam 20 laps at the hotel pool without goggles, so that may have had something to do with it, but since something like 10% of men are colorblind it's something to keep in mind.  A minor inconvenience, but hey, the food, service, and ambiance, all were very good!  Much better than that OTHER Phoenix steakhouse I reviewed.  Hands down.  Seriously.  You in the back, put your hands down.  I'll be back.
1	Awful service. The halibut tasted like it was a warmed up frozen dinner.
2	We have dined here many times over the years and for the most part were always very satisfied.  The placeused to be always full of diners, especially on weekends, but not lately.  The last two times we have been disappointed, especially in the quality and preparation of the food.  Our recent visit last weekend was not what we have come to expect from Kincaid's.  Due to the hot weather no one was very hungry so we decided to do happy hour in the bar.  The house cabernet was not very good.  My husband had the tenderloin teriyaki and the meat was tough.  Our son had the clam chowder and although good, was the smallest cup any of us have seen.   I had the Kobe meatloaf sliders which were lukewarm and had a lot of filler in lieu of meat.  Not a real enjoyable experience.  Our server, however, whom we have had before, was very attentive.  I think the next time we find ourselves downtown we will try a place at City Scape.  I believe Kincaid's is past its prime.
5	Had to write to tell everyone of our superb dining experience at Kincaid's in Phoenix on June 15,2012We reside within blocks of this restaurant and decided to make a party of five dinner reservation. Everything was above our expectations including our server, Drew M. Starting with the bread that was served which we wished we could obtain the recipe for, to the salads and on to the main courses everything and I mean every detail was wonderful. My wife and I eat out almost every day and our guests that evening have dined around the globe and we could not think of a better meal that we have had in recent memory. I come from a very German background and had never had better red cabbage than what was served to me that evening along with the Kobe meatloaf. Our guests all loved their steaks and seafood choices and we topped off the dinner with Key Lime pie. Congratulations on excellence in fine dining presentation. We will return!   Jim S.
5	I LOVE Kincaids! Especially with the updated decor and menu, you just can't go wrong. Not to mention they have an incredible happy hour. Half off all appetizers, $4 drafts (including Guinness, WHAT?!) $4 glasses of wine and select specialty drinks. This is a great place to go if you're looking for a different spot before a game or concert, even just a night out Downtown. The regular dining menu definitely doesn't dissapoint either - some of the freshest seafood and perfectly seared steaks! Clam chowder, French Onion Soup, even the salads. This place just knows how to do it. Can't wait to head back for happy hour soon. :)
4	I ate here this evening.  I only had the char grilled chophouse burger with a baked potato.  It was ok.  I thought the burger was rather small in relation to the bread.  They did have half priced apps and drinks at the bar which was awesome.
5	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday at his request so he could try the prime rib. I made a reservation (even though it was a Tuesday and not very busy) through Open Table and made a comment it was for a birthday. We had the crab and artichoke dip appetizer, which was delicious (I would have like a little more artichoke though). He loved the prime rib, medium rare, which was served with broccolini and mashed potatoes. I had the oscar-style beef medallions topped with crab and bearnaise sauce served on top of mashed potatoes with asparagus on the side. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare+, and is one of the top 5 entrees I have ever eaten. Seriously.We were completely stuffed when our server presented a dessert menu and told us to choose a complimentary dessert, so we not-so-reluctantly chose the vanilla burnt cream which was absolutely amazing. To make a great dinner even better a manager (i'm assuming) came to our table and thanked us for dining with them and gave us a thank-you card for a free appetizer on our next visit. The service was excellent and the pace expected for a fine dining restaurant.Very highly recommended and worth the price. We are looking forward to trying the happy hour in the bar.
3	Very relaxed and beautiful dining room with lots of space and quiet. I wasn't overly impressed with the meager amount of onion rings and mashed potatoes that were served with the 7 oz filet mignonette ($37.00). If someone else is picking up the tab, I would say 'go for it' but otherwise I would suggest walking around the corner for the very nice Blue Hound Kitchen and Lounge at the Kimpton Hotel.
5	Visiting Phoenix this week with my husband. His friend suggested this place for lunch and I am so glad we went. The Cobb salad was phenomenal and the tomato basil bisque the best I've had so far. My husband had the French onion soup - a little too oily for my taste buds, and his friend a crab sandwich that was also oily but delicious. The staff was very attentive and decor elegant. Check it out! I recommend it.
1	Had heard good things.  Very disappointed.Noisy restaurant (music too loud) with poor ambiance.  Boneless Ribeye steak ($40) was fatty and stringy.Wine selection can be found anywhere.Won't be coming back
2	No value here!  $14 for a cold bowl of french onion with cheese that was not in the least melted and a very small caesar salad selected from the "lunch combo" menu does not spell a "return visit".  Service was slow even though there were only a few tables in the restaurant.  All food at table was uninspired at best.  Why?
3	Left me a bit blah. Really like the atmosphere.  Served was really great. Ive never had a really good meat. This time the Salmon was a bit overcooked. For food, there are better options.
5	Very good service that is prompt. Our waiter made sure we always had a full glass. The food is phenomenal as well. I had a seafood combination special with salmon, shrimp and a petite filet mignon. It came with mashed potatoes and a hefty portion of asparagus and a crab succotash . The meat was perfect as was the salmon. The prawns were butterflied and grilled. A very filling portion. This is primarily a seafood place but you can't go wrong with the steaks either. Top notch service that is on par with the food, you will be hard pressed to do better.
2	This was our second time to Kincaid's in the past year. The first was a disaster and we were given a gift certificate to come back. We had just come from an afternoon show at the US Airways Center and arrived around 5:45pm. Due to understaffing on a night with three events (2 shows at US Airways and the Orchestra) the servers were overwhelmed at times. Needless to say that our service was slow. We finished up at about 8pm.I had a steak, which was not cooked to my liking, and my wife had something that was just OK. (Not very memorable food.) At least the bar was good and we were able to have a few drinks while we were there. It is unfortunate that there are no real upscale restaurants in the downtown area. It would be nice not to have to go to a sports bar or pizza place.
5	Always great food and superior service. A little pricey, but you get what you pay for. I love this place.
3	I recently ate here during a work meeting in Phoenix. My thoughts are below: The decor matches the style of the restaurant. No complaints here. The staff was attentive and accommodating. My group purchased tickets for the Suns game during dinner and they printed the tickets for us. Thanks for that! Most of the appetizers were delicious. The only real complaint I have comes from the crab legs. They were not cracked properly and were very difficult to eat. I would expect to do all of the work if I went to Red Lobster or a Crab house style place, but these were expensive, they should come to the table ready for consumption. I felt the need to take a full star off of my review based solely on the cocktail I ordered. I ordered an old fashioned on rocks with Makers. What I got was an abomination of bourbon. If this weren't a classic cocktail that all bartenders know how to make I wouldn't complain. The bartender committed a cardinal sin by watering the drink down with soda water. If I weren't with co-workers I would have sent the cocktail back. I ordered the ahi tuna for dinner and it was great! The first piece was a little tough - might have been due to a blood line. If it weren't for the awful cocktail I would have given the restaurant 4 stars. Trust me, the drink was awful enough for a full star drop. However, I would still recommend this place for a work dinner or nice occasion dinner.
4	HAPPY HOUR!This place has a killer happy hour! We stopped in after a Suns game and were pleasantly surprised to see the great food specials, 1/2 price apps. Not your typical nachos and potato skins. We had an order of the oysters Rockefeller and they were quite good. An order of 6 for just about $7.00 was a fair deal to me. They have an extensive beer and cocktail selection as well. If you are looking for a little more upscale atmosphere with the munchies to match, check out Kincaids!
3	Had business lunch recently. Service was a little slow but food was good. Willing to try again.
4	In town for Spring Training and the wife's birthday, she wanted a steak dinner and I didn't want to drive anywhere. It was great to find Kincaid's was just a 5-minute walk from our hotel. We both had the filet, mashed potatoes and shared a side of asparagus. It was fantastic. Oh, how could I forget, we both started with a cup of soup; wife had the French onion and I the clam chowder. The chowder was excellent with a slight twist that was exceptional. We both loved the bread that was served as well. This was overall a great experience. I'm thinking the turds on here that knock this place were just having an overall bad day, or just like knocking people/places. Service issues? If you're in a hurry and want to eat fast, why come to a $$$ steak house? Lord knows there's plenty of fast food eats out there.
4	Love this place, been here many times for lunch and happy hour!
2	We have been eating at  Kincaid's for several years. It's a bit pricey but the ambiance and food have always been a decent value. Sadly, though, both the food and service have deteriorated recently to the point that are sorry to say we will not return.
2	I'm from Mpls - we have 2 Kincaid's here locally and both are equally delish.  I was not at all impressed with the Phoenix location.  We were there on a Sunday night after the Sun game started, had 6 in our party.  There was one other group in there.  Even for a Sunday - I excepted more.  I would not go back there - I'll save my trips to Kincaid's for home and not vaca.
2	Poor service, and food, have been there several times in the past, great food and customer service previously. This time, lunch and happy hour were horrible! You'd think that after spending almost $200.00 in one day, that I could expect great results, but no luck- lunch was scallops served cold, supposed to be hot. Happy hr included prime beef skewers that were tough and had to be spit out. The worst part was, no one cared. No waitstaff or manager EVER came by to check or ask how anything was! Beware if you try this place!
3	I came here with some clients for dinner while I was traveling out in Phoenix.  It was nice that we were able to walk just a couple blocks down to the restaurant from our hotel downtown. The restaurant was your ordinary, upscale (not super fancy shmancy), American steakhouse type restaurant. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#XlxHWFp2Ggr74JU6ligrBg)First thing I did was order my glass of vino (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#0ZYLhpieoAPSeolGXzoTsw)For starters, we shared the WARM BRIE with Macadamia Nut Crust-- THIS WAS MY FAVORITE!  The Brie was smooth, creamy, and warm.  It is served with orange blossom honey, sliced apple, balsamic reduction, and fruit compote.  The brie topped with the sweetness from the honey and apples, all on a toasted baguette... Perfection!!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#DYiGgnpNMy9x6FIOIRRDaQ)I wasn't too hungry so I ordered the French Onion Soup (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#r-SOD-C2SGVl9T5Q7C35bw) and the Mixed Greens with Maple Vinaigrette (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#Ru22uO0cPVVYn_kWHT_tSw).  The French Onion Soup had that perfect layer of melted mozzarella, oozing over the side of the bowl.  The soup wasn't too salty at all, which I loved.  The salad was refreshing and surprisingly, the dressing wasn't too sweet.  It tasted great with the toasted pecans and sliced pear.
4	I recently had Kincaid's restaurant recommended to me from the hotel staff at Renaissance Downtown Phoenix. I order the Prime Rib and I have to say it has been the best tasting and most tender piece of beef I ever had in my life. I would recommend this location for anyone visting Phoenix.
5	Very good.  I would rate the scallops I had in the top 10 meals that I have ever had.
4	I had a VERY good meal at Kincaid's. I wanted prime rib and had never been here before. We were able to get reservations, although there was only 1 other table in the entire restaurant (maybe didn't need reservations??) WE started with the crab and artichoke dip that came with fresh baked bread, very good. I went with the prime rib and the wife had the seafood etoufee over cheese grits. My prime rib was cooked to perfections and seasoned perfect! My wife also really enjoyed her meal. we'll definitely be back!
3	We drove into Phoenix pretty late and decided to check out its downtown nightlife. It looked like a ghost town. Nothing was open, there was a baseball game earlier, so there were balloons and trash on the sidewalks. We walked into Kincaid's to be met by a frazzled waitress who asked us to wait while she looked for a lost parking validation ticket for a customer. There was a bachelorette party in the lounge area, so there was a some music playing, with a few drunken young ladies next door. No biggie, they were having a blast. The manager saw us at the door, came and sat us, told us about the special, ordered drinks. The server who met us at the door came and took our order, did not write it down-- which I am OK with, I was a server, and I know I can handle not writing down 3-4 orders. There were only 2 of us. She came back to the table to verify what I wanted: A side of Grilled prawns and grilled asparagus. The clam chowder and my salad were really good. We came in an hour before close, so I wasn't expecting much. When our food arrived, it was not what I ordered. I wanted just a side of grilled prawns and asparagus-- not the meal with fried capers, leeks and potatoes. It was late, so I didn't complain. The food was good, so I didn't want to risk upsetting an obviously frazzled server, when I knew that they still had to clean up after the private party and the other 4 tables, an hour before close. If we go again, we'll go earlier.
1	They are only getting one star because when you charge this kind of money, the food had better be stellar - not borderline awful.  I had the fish and chips.  They rave about their special aioli tarter sauce.  I have never tasted anything so nasty in my life.  The fish was mealy and was even chewy in some places.  What fish is mealy and chewy?The true test that shows you they do not know what they are doing, my boss ordered a steak.....at this steak house.  And even the waitress refused to serve it to him because even she could tell it wasn't cooked properly.  But it made it all the way out to the table before she insisted on taking it back.  THAT IS BAD.  The only good things I can say about this place are that the server was very friendly and attentive.  And the cheesecake for dessert was good.  Not enough to make up for the high prices and lousy food.
3	Good, but not a great place for dinner.  I've had burgers, which were solid, but not anything to write home about.  I've heard the seafood is better.  But I'm not sure how I feel about seafood in the middle of the desert (and I lived in Vegas for five years).  The service is pretty good.
2	Poor service and so so food. Group of five on 8/3/13.  Our server was training another server - poor choice for a trainer, she did not set the example for a new server to follow.  Too many other great restaurants with consistent service and food to go back here, particularly at this price point.
5	Delicious food and great drinks! Servers are polite, knowledgeable and patient. We ordered the artichoke and crab dip, which was AMAZING! The scallops were perfectly cooked and so tasty! Their mashed potatoes are outta this world! They use yukon potatoes instead of russet and it makes a HUGE difference. We also tried the french onion soup...I could eat that all day if my stomach was a bottomless pit buuuuttt it's not. If you're not sure whether you want to try it out, I'm telling you it's worth it. DO IT!BTW, they validate parking tickets for the garage under the restaurant. BONUS!
3	Until yesterday, I would have given 5 stars primarily for their great happy hour in the bar that had a lot of half price appetizers, decent drink/wine choices, and ran all night.  Unfortunately, they made a change this week to decrease the food choices and only run it from 4:00 until 6:00.  While Kincaid's will still be an option before downtown events, it will no longer be our go to choice.
4	Kincaid's is a restaurant in downtown Phoenix that's a nice break from the faster-food type fare downtown. I've been there a couple times for work holiday lunches. The food is pretty tasty and the service has always been good. They used to have a fantastic halibut dish, but most recently I had Alaskan rockfish. Their cedar plank salmon is also good. Try the desserts as well!
3	No more than average serve and food quality with above average pricing. This is my second and last visit. They just can't pull off the fine dining restaurant concept.
5	Fantastic wine selection, impeccable service, sublime menu options. Have been many times and always very very good.
1	It Was Horrible Ruined My Valentines Day
5	Oh my goodness!!  Everything was fantastic from the service to the wine to the dinner. Had the filet and was cooked perfectly with fantastic flavor. Must go to!
4	Had a great dinner for my Mom's graduation! Enjoyed their Happy hour and then our server Tina for dinner was great! Very helpful and may the dinner that more enjoyable! Definitely coming back when I visit Phoenix again!
5	After a long day at a conference, Kincaid's was the perfect downtown find for fine dining in Phoenix.  The atmosphere is modern and classy, and the servers reflect this atmosphere, being professional and attentive.A group of us took the recommendations of our server into consideration when ordering, and his recommendations were spot on.  I had the seared ahi tuna with sushi rice, edamame and wasabi vinaigrette, which was perfectly cooked and presented.  The tuna was lightly seared on the outside with a nice raw centre.  Others in the group indicated that the seared scallops were also delicious.We felt well taken care of at Kincaid's, with great recommendations for wine and beverages.  Unfortunately we were too full for dessert, which says that the food must have been god and the portions plentiful!
1	If I could give this zero stars I would! Absolutely the worst service I've ever had. I used to love this place but now- I'll never come back. Service was terrible, management was unresponsive and food was cold! I am so irritated, I created a yelp account just to let everyone know you shouldn't waste your money here. Very disappointed.
5	Amazing!!! The seared ahi tuna feature was to DIE for! The Elderflower martini is so perfect; not many places serve a cocktail with St. Germaine's. And the martini was $11-great value for the craftsmanship.It's also nice and quiet and not echoey; that is so important in today's restaurant new concept where things are too open. Love it!Lastly, Tina was an absolute joy as a server.  All the best to her and the restaurant!
4	This place was not busy (compared to Durant's), but I don't understand why. The food was better than Durant's and a little more affordable. I'm constantly on a search for the best key lime pie, and after having their key lime pie with shaved ice, I think I've found it!
4	First time dining here.  Came with a party of 7.  Greeted and seated quickly,  service was attentive and knowledgeable.  All apps and main dishes were awesome! No downsides we noticed.  Only negative was on a side dish (brussel sprouts); they should have been par-boiled before being sauteed with the other ingredients as they were very hard.  All in all a nice dining experience.
4	I would have given this place 5 stars save for a few minor things. Among them;1. Attention to detail - Windowsill next to our table was incredibly dusty. We left the word "wash" written in the inch-thick dust. 2. Inaccurate menu - Open Table has a link to Kincaid's online menu which claims "Lobster Bisque" is on the menu. It is NOT.  I hate to admit this, but THAT is the reason I booked my reservation and drove 30 miles to have dinner there. 3. Ambiance - There wasn't any. A truly massive room with less than 5 tables at 7:30pm on a Friday night. This church is built for Easter Sunday, as they say.  If I owned this establishment I'd convert their very handsome bar into the dining room and close the main room and turn it into a series of banquet and private dining rooms. 4. Wine list - Fine for most diners but is not very deep. If you want to compete with the other big name steakhouses in town, you've got to match them on every level. It's a bit Cali-centric too. Ever hear of France?Otherwise we had very nice service from our server Lilliana and we definitely enjoyed the casual atmosphere and welcoming service. I particularly enjoyed the shrimp cocktail and my French Onion soup was likely the best I've had in years. My NY Strip pepper steak topped with blue cheese was incredibly tasty and perfectly cooked.
5	This was as good a restaurant experience as I have had. the crab artichoke dip could have bin just called crab dip, but all the flavors blended so well together. The steak was seasoned so that paring mushrooms or horseradish only took away from the perfect flavor of the meat. The attention to the sides like Mashed potato and asparagus was obvious, they may seem basic but when done are a real treat.Our server was a true professional and host, kept us informed thru the meal and made sure we wanted for nothing.
5	What a wonderful place to eat lunch!  Kincaid's now has lunch and learning presentations every Friday at 11:30. Business owners do yourself a favor and stop by and check these out. Dinner is very good as well.
2	Bar stools too low. I travel on business and am usually on my own so I dine at the bar. I'm  six foot two and the plate was at my chin. Too bad I will not return.
2	**UPDATE** 09/19/14 A few days after I posted this review, I received a message from business owner, Kristal L., apologizing for my experience and said she wants to try and see if going back again will change my opinion. I haven't been back yet but I am very impressed by her professionalism and intend on visiting sometime soon. This left a very good impression on me.My experience here was just "meh". I went here for a work lunch. It was my first time. Service: It was pretty good. Servers were very attentive and quick to refill drinks. The servers seemed bored to be there which, I know it's a job, but part of serving is delivering an experience.Food: My favorite part of the meal was a strawberry lemonade. I also received a small bowl of assorted berries (which I loved) because I ordered a gluten free pasta. I ordered the fettucini Alfredo with white sauce and asked for the gluten free option they offer. The server didn't tell me it would be rotini instead of fettucini which was disappointing. Also, I love al dente but these noodles had way too much crunch. I wouldn't recommend this place based on my experience and I have no intention of going back.
5	I have been there on several occasions and never been disappointed.  From the minute you walk in the door you are greeted, seated and treated like a queen (or king).  The food is amazing, my personal favorite is the delectable macaroni and cheese.  The service is impeccable, the staff is delightful, and the ambiance is impressive.
4	I had coworkers in from out of town for dinner. Food was all good accept some over cooked Brussels sprouts. Waitstaff were good and removed the charge. Nice atmosphere for dinner and drinks.
4	I visited this establishment as part of a business dinner. Fantastic service and delectable dishes. Definitely recommend!
5	This restaurant is fine dining! Fantastic location downtown - close to Symphony Hall. You can park in the parking garage for up to 2 hours - they validate. The ambiance is classy, elegant and fresh. The prices are high but I thought they were worth it! I had the prime rib - I highly recommend it!Not many vegetarian options on the menu; check their website for current offerings.The service was outstanding! The dress code is more formal - slacks and/or jacket. A nice collared shirt would be the minimum in my opinion. A solid 5 stars!
4	Almost 5 stars but not quite. I had the grilled prawns which were very good. My date had the filet which he said was pretty good as well. We both felt like the mashed potatoes were kind of lacking.  The only bad part was that my set of flatware had dried green veggie caked on. I asked for a new set and all was well. Service was great and we slipped in about 20 minutes before closing. I noticed that most of the restaurants in the area were closing at 9... on a Saturday. ..in downtown. Unheard of!
1	Had reservations prior to the Fleetwood Mac concert...table ready as pledged. Service was painfully slow and mostly nonexistent. Orders were incorrect and the food quality and presentation suspect. Prime rib was on par with a Furr's Cafeteria - not what was expected for $40. They've got to know about being busy on event nights but clearly missed the mark this time.
4	Outstanding dinner, great service, great atmosphere. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly. Just the right portion size to be full without being stuffed.
5	I can't say enough good things about Kincaid's. I was in town from Indianapolis going to the UFC fights where my brother-in-law was fighting, and visited Kincaid's twice during my four-day visit. The service was great and the food was even better. I wish they would've never got rid of the Kincaid's in Carmel, Indiana where I'm from.
4	Aquagrill always leaves us very happy. The seafood is phenomenal--fresh, perfectly prepared, offers many preparations and options. The oysters are super fresh and of the best quality. The desserts are a perfect finale. The staff is professional, knowledgable, courteous but without an ounce of snoot. The food and service make the atmosphere special. The simple decor makes it understated, comfortable and approachable at all times.
4	If you're looking for a top of the line meal, this is the place to go. We don't come here often, but whenever we do the food is always superb. I stick with the classic filet, but everything on the menu is delicious. They also have a great wine list, which pairs perfect with your  Kincaid's Classic American Dining.
