3	Fremont St. is the original, old school Vegas. First hotel, first paved street, first gambling license, this is where it all started. After visiting Sin City so many times, I'm surprised that this past weekend was my first visit to Fremont Street.We came to check out the old casinos & the cool canopy light shows. We got thirsty & were happy to find that many casino bars here offer $2 Coronas & Heinekens. Good find. But the best find we made was Benny's Bullpen. I saw a sign hanging outside the casino doors that said "16 inch pizza + 60 oz. pitcher of beer = $10" so of course we had to try it! Now don't expect gourmet cuisine or fine brewed beer. We had a pretty flat pepperoni pizza (I'd say two steps below Costco's pizza, not great, but definitely not bad) w/ a pitcher of Fosters (your options include a one topping pizza & Fosters, Miller Light, or MGD). But for the price, it definitely hits the spot! Places off the beaten strip definitely make Vegas affordable! I mean, for $10 you could buy 2/3 a Jack & Coke at a club, or a whole pizza & pitcher of  beer! So if you're ever hanging out in this part of town & looking for cheap eats, definitely give this place a try!
3	We were here for over five hours during day two of March Madness. Four of us started out with a few Bloody Mary and then some Irish Chips to snack on.  A huge pile of fresh potato chips smothered in nacho cheese, bacon, and sour cream.  Breakfast of champions, eh?  Well, champion drinkers, anyway.  More friends came to meet us after about an hour. Our server tried to get us a couch, but they were all taken so she helped us move two high-top tables together.  The special was a pizza & pitcher of beer for $10.  These were some huge, glass, old-school pitchers too!  The pizzas were decent, nothing fancy, but rest assured, they did not go to waste.  We got one pepperoni and one cheese.  The server was nice and offered to put extra cheese on the cheese pizza, we politely declined, but it ended up on there anyway.  (I'm sure her heart was in the right place, she was just trying to help.)  Honestly, the cheese pizza does not need extra cheese!!! It was almost like glue it was so cheesy.  The crust and the sauce both had better-than-expected flavor.  Even without doing the special, the draft beers are only $2.  The couches would be awesome to hang out on and everyone was having a fun time. It's a great little place, hidden in the very back Binions,  to watch a game.
4	Alright folks, I must confess first before you read my review of this place. I was about 3 sheets to the wind by the time I arrived here last night. We Pre-gamed at First Friday and moved on to Fremont where we commenced the super bowl of drinking. Okay so now onto my distorted view of this place. We had just walked away from the million dollar stack at binions and happen to see a sign that said $10 for a one topping large pizza and a 62oz pitcher of beer.  Can you repeat after me. "SAY WHAT!!!!"The four of us walked in carrying our 2nd round of 52oz footballs in with us and ordered the special x 2. You know how it works, when your drunk you always seem a little hungrier than you really are. The waitress was awesome and put up with us with ease, even after a friend that was with me fumbled his football and made a huge mess. The atmosphere is summed up in one word "Bar".  I was expecting a red baron frozen pizza from smiths or something but I have to admit, even after drowning my taste buds in suds for the past 3 hours they sobered up and handled the great pizza like a pro. If you are at Fremont and need to get some food and would like some beer this is the place to get it for cheap. I only took away a star for caution. My judgment may be off a little due to the beer. So don't hold me to it being amazing but definitely try it!!
3	Stopped in here just for the 5.00 Nathans hot dog, draw and chips. They have a condiment bar with about 30 toppings for the dogs. The place itself it fairly nice, kind of a old school pub feel (lots of carved wood and nice couch/lounge areas.
5	Great place to hangout and smoke cigars without having to be in the busy hussle & bussle of of other casinos. I was here for Big Smoke and had the pleasure of smoking cigars and spending some time with Paul  and Sarah Vato of Vato cigars, they were very hospitable host! I like the set up, location and the atmosphere of Benny's! Plus having cigars so close is a nice plus and I would come back because we enjoyed the service, staff, great prices on drinks and food.Thanks again to the Benny's Bullpen staff for making things so enjoyable!
4	A Thirty Item Hot Dog Condiment Bar, no I did not stutter. Ok so the service is not the best, nor was the hot dog the best I have ever had, but I again call your attention to the Thirty Item Hot Dog Condiment Bar. Did I mention that the Hot Dog was only $3.50? Or the combo with a bag of chips and beer for $4.95. I recommend doing this at least once. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	How could nobody have reviewed this legendary Vegas burger. Since when did this place become a pizza joint? Tourists were sucking down cheap hit dogs and bargain basement pizza, but failed to realize that for only a buck or two more, they could have eaten a fresh ground burger that has been served in this Vegas casino for over 50 years. As i sat down at the bar between two sets of tourists, i knew i had to try the legend and it mostly lived up to expectations. It was a thinner style patty and I added  cheddar cheese for a total of $7.50. Served with fresh crisp white onions, lettuce and tomatoes and a nice touch with sweet pickles. Must mention the unusual bun which enveloped the burger and was able to hold all toppings. French fries were crazy crunchy, hot and addicting as well. Make sure you go to the Bullpen, not the cafe and wash it down with a Chicago brewing company beer of your choice. Long live the Binions famous burger. Not quite five stars, but top flight for downtown.
3	Great place to people watch, this is a classic yet tragic old vegas joint!  Lots of drinking, smoking, and food that is fine.  Not much else I only gave it 3 stars and not 2 because the low cost and Vegas on a budget can be helpful
4	Had my first vato  cigar here and got the sampler. Good beer, comfy seating and good ventilation. They don't have the beer and pizza special I read about on yelp, so prob just a beer and cigar stop.
4	Benny's Bullpen is tucked inside of Binions. The few times I went inside of the darkly lit, atmospheric drinking hole it was empty. My buddies and I were eager to emblazon our livers with alcohol, so we were overjoyed to see a row of empty bar stools ready to be claim jumped. Our bartender was boisterous, cocky, adorned with a sort of laissez-faire attitude and a viper tongue. Dude was chomping at the bit to tell us about his Don Juan antics in Vegas hotels. "I've slept with women in practically every hotel down here," he asserts while screwing his elbow into the bar with the weight of his chin. "Some hotel rooms, yeah, they're smaller than others, but so are the women."At this point my friends are furtively flipping jalapeno beer caps into their maws while furrowing their brows. I'm trying to focus on the portly mammoth that is Prince Fielder as he slams balls out of the stratosphere in the home run derby, but the bartender keeps talking to us, cavalierly, about his carnal activities. I felt like I was listening to a romantic novel audio book.While all of this was happening, my dowsing rod of a stomach managed to find a hot dog bar with over 30 condiments. Some of the toppings looked more wretched and soiled than others, but after a few barley pops, this condiment cart looked more fastidious and high-end than the Wynn buffet.All said, the beer prices, and their selection of ales from the Chicago Beer Company, was pretty top notch. The food was basically there to mop up the hops in your gullet, but it wasn't anything special. And the bartender that we has was definitely doing Michael Fassbender in Shame cosplay.  Recommended for the beer and ridiculousness.
4	great little place to relax, hang out and enjoy a favorite stogie away from all the crowds and hubbub!tried their famous Vegas burger and it was pretty darn good, they also have some resale great priced specials. They have a few craft brew beers that were enjoyable.The bonus for me was that not only was it a pleasant break from all the other downtown activities, but the place was kept so clean and the air filtered well enough to keep it from getting smoke filled and dank which meant my girlfriend who doesn't smoke could hang oh and did I mention the great service, modest but quality cigar selection and you can bring in your own smokes including any you may pick up at Vato's cigars across the wayif you don't like big comfy leather chairs, decent food at great prices, good beer and relaxing in a quality historical Vegas legend, than you might not like it ha
5	Walked on in for the happy hour.  The staff is fantastic and the deals are better.  $2.50 for a SOCO or jack shot. $2.50 miller drafts (hate miller) among many.  Plus most of it compted while playing the video poker.  I am starting to love old vegas!
4	Ate some wings here and watched a game here the other night. It was slow, which was okay with me because I got to post up in a recliner order some tasty wings and talk football with some other people in town. Hidden in the back of Binions is this little sports bar/cigar lounge. Come catch a drink and a game and enjoy yourself. If I ever stay downtown again, I'd definitely watch a game or two here. They serve the Chicago Brewing Co Beer from the 4 Queens which is tasty.
5	We were visiting Las Vegas from Kentucky during two very important games: the Louisville vs. Kentucky men's college basketball game and a college football bowl game for Louisville. My family keeps up with both of these teams and their sports, so it was important for us to find somewhere we could "camp" for several hours to watch both games. We were staying at the Fremont Hotel (across the street) and we're hoping to find some place nearby. Looking on Yelp we were prepared to take a cab to Buffalo Wild Wings across town. SO GLAD WE FOUND THIS PLACE! My mom, brother, and I were walking around Fremont Street the night before the games and saw a sign outside Binion's casino. It was advertising FREE SLOT PLAY to match your bar tab from Benny's Bullpen on game day! We decided to scope the place out. It was late, so there wasn't really anything going on inside, but the doors were open so we walked in. They had a large bar, a condiment bar for hot dogs (with probably 30 things on it at least), and the most comfortable looking couches and chairs set up to look like several small living rooms! Not to mention the sports betting area was right outside. We were sold! We went to tell my dad about this amazing place and he had only one concern: do they serve food? We knew they had hot dogs, but he wanted wings and nachos for snacking. We went back the next day to ask about their food options. They had everything we were looking for: nachos, wings, hot dogs, cheeseburgers, salads, etc. The bar tenders were great. The food was delicious. We had food and drinks pretty much all day long (about 11:00 am to 7:00 pm) and the staff was great. My dad and brother each got to kick back in a recliner to watch the games. Needless to say, this is, in my opinion, the BEST PLACE IN VEGAS if you're looking for a home away from home to cheer on your favorite sports teams!!
5	One of our most treasured hideout restaurant/bar spots in Downtown Las Vegas. Its tucked away and great for a quiet and super cheap experience, this is where we go consistently. The food is pretty on par and normally priced. $2.50 Jack Daniels or Miller Light...you can't beat that (except if you like Jager or Jose Cuervo at the other casinos) The bartenders have always been nice and knowledgeable and there are couches and chill areas too. Great to play some cards and relax away from the hustle and bustle. I love that they kept it classic with big wooden bars and a mobster feel. My only complaint is that it's a cigar lounge..yuck. Not used to smoking around food anymore.
5	Nice comfortable place on fremont to have a drink. Their drinks are reasonable and the staff was friendly. You can also get some food, but we will have to try that next time
5	So the bar tender was great, we hung out and had for dogs and cocktails and watched a few games trying to sober up after three hours of craps and cocktails!!
1	Came here looking for good sports bar to watch a basketball game and met with  the world's worst bartender ever. Our waitress, who informed us she was not familiar with the menu, charged us for drinks that the bartender then double charged us for.  When I asked him about the charges,  Keith told me the waitress didn't charge me enough so he was charging me more.  When I questioned him,  he became unbelievably rude and showed the worst customer service I have ever experienced. The food is from the cafe across the casino so not even cooked on site. I would never recommend this place.  Keith said he was the manager. Please be aware that he is not.  Worst service ever.
3	So if you find  downtown and looking for a cigar smoking refuge that also serves drink and food then Bennys will be a refuge. Otherwise, it's not really a spot I would seek out. Lots of TVs to watch some sports if you're looking for a comfy nook for that. The fiance and I came here with Chris M. to hang out and smoke a cigar from Vato. I could use a snack so I went with a hotdog and the boys followed suit too. I mean, the dog is pretty standard, but good. The unique thing is they have a bar full of various toppings to dress it up. Some of the fresh veggie options looked a little questionable, like watery tomatoes, but everything else was fine. They had a ghost pepper sauce that said "caution hot" on it, but was disappointing with no spice in the mouth and maybe a little bit of a burn going down.They sell cigars in a cabinet on the back wall, but the funny thing was some prices were even higher than Vato which is literally across from it. They will provide you with ashtrays to have a cigar here, but we weren't offered a light so I don't know if they have any. You may want to get some supplies next door or bring your own. It's never busy, it's fairly quiet so it's good if you are looking for a quiet bar or a bar empty enough for your large party to take over and no one will really be there to complain.
4	Is it me or has Benny's been converted to a non cigar friendly BBQ restaurant with no awesome deals and no hot dog stand?
