4	After enjoying some poutine at La Banquise on Saturday night, my friends and I headed next door to this awesome bar. I didn't really know what to expect save for drinks and the huge wooden benches you can see from the windows, but I was pleasantly surprised!First off, the place is massive: two-story ceilings with over-sized canvases surround the many wooden tables and it gives even a crowded night a very open and non-claustrophobic feeling. Second, they have board games you can borrow. Or at least Scrabble. And if that's not enough, there's free foosball near the back. If I'm being honest, I've never in my life paid or considered paying for table football, but if YOU have, then this might really be a plus for you. Actually, now that I think about it, I don't know if there is such thing as paid foosball. Forget I said anything.Third, the drinks are delicious. I enjoyed a chocolate martini, a coffee martini and an apple drink called a Petit Printemps. The cocktails are slightly pricey at $8.75 a pop, but between 5 and 9pm, you can get two for $8.75 so you can feel free to come in at 8:40, order 4-8 drinks at a time and just be that guy.
4	Cool bar! When they renovated this building, they did something very interesting. They completely removed the entire second floor, leaving an incredible openness in the room.
4	Spacious and comfortable for sure, with a friendly smiling quick draw waitress slinging some power cocktails (and some things that are perhaps more accurately qualified as draaanks.) They will add a second shot to a list of special cocktails for free for you before 9pm, and $11 pitchers is pretty cheap on this street. The art is cool, and I love the giant communal wood table up front. Was only here for a quick whiskey on a long night ramble but left with warm and fuzzies and will be back soo surely!!
4	If you're a fan of boardgames and beer, then this is a place for you! They have hundreds of games to choose from, so you're sure to find one that'll fit your fancy. And the setup is such that you can quickly make friends with other patrons or even get in on another group's game. All in all, never a dull moment at La Quincaillerie, unless you're dull to begin with ;)
5	This is my ultimate favorite drinking spot. I could rant and rave about this place for hours but here's a breakdown main reasons why La Quincaillerie is the only bar for I'm excited to go to the Plateau- Original/creative/delicious cocktail creations- Fair pricing (costs me the same as a beer at an Irish pub)- TV/Fooseball- Long tables mean no messing around with bistro tables and chairs when you're a big group (had my bday there).- Waitresses do their best despite the chaos and have always been pleasant- Next door to Banquise AND you can bring your food in as long as your drinking (be respectful and don't lounge for hours on a shot)- Awesome art nouveau decor fits the scene perfectlyTIP:8- 9pm is when you can sit, have drinks and maybe catch the tail end of a happy hour and wait for the line at banquise to go down10:30 - 12 is when it's most packed especially on hockey nights. Drink with the best of them or duck out to Banquise when the line is long
3	Great location and ample seating. Happy hour is the one time where they'll serve you beer by the pitcher. Good collection of board games that aren't missing noticeable amounts of peices. Drinks aren't particularly cheap but they were strong so it's gotta be free pour. Waitress wasn't the sharpest but she brought us our booze...eventually. It was a place with great potential but it still managed to fall flat. I'd like to get a group in that front window with happy hour pricing and three different boardgames. Saturday night though... womp womp.Did I mention you can bring in any food you want?
