3	Pretty decent little sushi place in Green Valley Ranch. A little pricey compared to the other 50 places around it in Henderson, but not to bad. I had the Deja vu roll, which was spicy and very good, and Also japanese pizza roll, which had melted cheese on top. Sounds a little weird, I know, but it was surprisingly good. The decor is pretty modern, and casual with lit up walls that change color slowly. The casino lost power while we were there, due to the wind I suppose, and that was a little werid. I have never been in a pitch dark and dead quiet casino. Power was down for a few minutes, and then the generators kicked in. But it was a strange couple minutes, and when the lights came back up my sake was gone.... :( ok, kidding about that part, but that would have been funny.
3	I can't really make up my mind about this place. It's probably some of the better fish in the area but it's pretty overpriced and it took about ten minutes for me to get seated. About that: It took the hostess several minutes to come out of the back of the restaurant and to the host stand at the entrance. There was a party of two ordering to-go at the hostess stand. Instead of seating me while they made up their mind, the hostess stood there as they hmm'd and haaa'd over the menu, clearing not knowing what most of it meant. I didn't write the book on Restauranteur Etiquette but I really feel like she could have sat me as a "party of 1" at the bar a lot quicker. The chef was polite and the fish was decent. I liked the sake the waitress brought me with my brief description of "cold, unfiltered, whatever's popular". I liked the pickled cucumber and crab salad starter. I'm just not sure I'd pay $50 for 5 pieces of sushi again while I had to sit there and listen to overplayed loungey synth'd techno and a shitty cover band in the background. Walking back to my room, nowhere near full *oink oink*, I was disappointed that I could've eaten a meal at the steakhouse for the same price.
4	Went to Sushi + Sake tonight for the all you can eat with my hubby.  Everything was great from start to finish.  Yeah it was pricey, but we made sure we rolled out of there.  It's been 2 hours and I'm still in a food comma, haha.  I would totally come back when ever we are back in the area.  We're sushi lovers so we stick with that, but the other dishes looked great too.  The family next to us has some noodle and beef dish that disappeared pretty fast.
5	s + s is by far my favorite sushi restaurant in Vegas. ...Well, technically Henderson, but the cities kinda overlap. ;) The menu is filled with variety and is sure to have something to please everyone. The atmosphere is very modern and chic, relaxing but also fun. The service is always fast and friendly. Folks need to avoid the rush times however, if you're not willing to wait. I find the best times to go are in the afternoons (weekdays and even on weekends). If you do plan to go in the evening, make sure to be at the restaurant when they open for dinner so you don't have to wait. As with most places, you can enjoy your meal at the sushi bar or at a table. s + s has been a favorite of mine for years and I know it will be for many more to come! :)
5	$32.95 for all you can eat on Sundays thru Thursdays, 5pm to 7pm, what a great deal!  The service was outstanding, and the quality of the Japanese food was the best!  Really liked the atmosphere, we sat at the sushi bar and the aquarium was a great background for our dinner.
4	Sushi + Sake + Spendy PricesDo yourself a favor and go for the All You Can Eat sushi.  No, not because you're a glutton like me, but because it's simply not worth ordering a-la carte from here.  Everything from the sushi to the sake is pricey, I made the mistake of ordering off the menu with some colleagues and threw down $250 for the 3 of us.  AYCE Sushi night on from Sunday to Thursday at $32.99 per person.  It might be spendier than other AYCE places, but trust me it'll save you more in the long haul.  Experimenting with the menu suddenly becomes easier when the prices are capped.The restaurant is not the least bit extravagant, which makes it all the more hard to understand why it's so expensive here.  There is not much seating and the space is very open.  From the outside the place looks a very unassuming Japanese joint, lessened by the fact its connected to the casino floor.Service has been slow at times and our hostess was overly ditsy.  Finding a place for us to sit became a chore and the wait staff didn't seem that accommoodating.  Unless you have a large group, sit at the bar instead.Opting to sit at the bar allowed me to ignore most of the wait staff while interacting with the sushi chefs, all of which I'm happy to report are Japanese.  Watching them go to work on making the sushi beautiful is truly a work of art.  Our seared toro and wasabi mayo was fantastic, as was the Creamy Mango Salmon / Creamy Scallop.  The salmon was so smooth and the crunchy unagi rolls were delicious.  Aside from the constant foodgasms, each bit of sashimi / sushi was brilliantly presented and made for a fantastic photo op.I wouldn't think of the Green Valley Ranch to have a little gem like this.  But kudos to management for allowing S+S to satisfy our sushi hunger pangs in Henderson.
5	We went here for our final dinner in Vegas and it was a great way to end the trip!  We opted for the all you can eat sushi menu and it saved us a bit of money on what we normally order (4 rolls and a couple appetizers).  We decided to get a bit daring this time and tried all new rolls - and we were not disappointed.  The Caterpillar roll was delicious! The tuna melted in our mouths and the other rolls (which I can't remember the names of) were unique and delicious with a combo of seafood and tropical fruits!The restaurant is small and cozy and the service was awesome.  Our server was super friendly and tried to get us to order more so we got more out of the 'all you can eat' deal.  He even checked to make sure that it was worth us paying for all you can eat versus al la carte.  Awesome restaurant in a good location.
3	My bf went here after watching the kinda long SATC2 movie. I was starving since it was about 1030 and I hadnt eaten since 11:30 am for lunch. We went with the American Dream, Alaskan Roll, and probably a  CA roll or spicy salmon or spicy tuna b/c those are our staples.. IT was very good but it was also very pricy. It was prob. 20 min. b4 they closed and I saw a couple try to come in and walk around the closed sign (this place is inside Green Valley Ranch) and the chefs told the wait staff no.. so the very brave couple walked over to the chefs and said we cant even get a few rolls of sushi? (No means no.. she's a girl she should know better!..) but alas these fine gentleman compromised and agreed and made their food to go b/c after all they were closed) this whole situation kind of made us feel uncomfortable b/c we were just getting our food when all this happened.. IT made me wonder if they were angry we walked in so late in the game.. but oh well. The food was good but a smidge overpriced. I'd go to Sumo Sushi on GV/sunset by the Albertson's & 24 hr fitness plaza.. for just as great of food but a lil better price. plus there's woody who makes the extra price worth it!
4	Some of the best sushi in Vegas made by clearly talented sushi chefs. A little pricey but not bad for being in a casino. My only complaints are service is a little slow and the environment sucks because it's small and you feel like you are sitting at a slot machine.
4	The food was really good, but the atmosphere needs improvement.  We essentially sat next to a bunch of slot machines...not ideal.
1	Expected a lot more from a Green Valley Ranch establishment.  The sushi chefs do not take any pride in their food.  The fish was fresh but the presentation was very poor.  Most of the excellent sushi chefs take alot of pride in their food.  This is not the case here.  Sushi rolls were very poorly made and the presentation was very poor.  We arrived on a Saturday night at 8pm. The sushi bar was empty.  We were not welcomed immediately by the sushi chefs.  We actually had to ask them twice if they were open.  Rolls were okay tasting but again, the rolls were falling apart.  The quality is not consistent with prices that they charge.  could also be another reason, why it was empty on a Saturday night.  We did speak with the manager and she apologized and took off one of the rolls but it seems that they do not seem to care.  Not worth it.  Grocery stores have better sushi. (we did tip the server, the presentation and lack of caring about their food was not his fault)
4	The all you can eat is the deal you should go here for.  For $29 you choose from the all you can eat menu of sushi, tempura, soup, and other items.  You have one hour to eat, which is plenty of time.  This special is only from 5-7 though.  Other than that the menu was ok.  I am not a sushi person so I had the tempura shrimp and veggies. It was ok.  The dipping sauce was good.  The variety for non-sushi eaters is fairly small, however, they do offer a Chinese menu as well which I will do next time.  My wife love the AYCE and would definitely do it again.   Make sure you go on weluvlocals.com and check if they are doing any groupon type certificates, it we had 25 of 50 so that was awesome!
4	My son and I sat down for the "all you can eat" sushi for an hour of bliss and fulfillment. We read Yelp reviews where some people were not too impressed but the majority had good things to write.We are here to review that Sushi+Sake is on our top 90% of all Sushi restaurants.  Our basis is for this assessment is from dining at a lot of sushi places throughout the world.The various fish on the day we sat down were fresh and tasted like the fishes that they were supposed to be.  How many of us have eaten Hamachi that just did not have that texture and flavor? Or that snapper that did not have any flavor?  There is not much to sushi or sashimi. Freshness, temperature, textures, the rice, vinegarrete, seaweed...We spent a few days at GVR attending my wife's California Cake Club convention.  Sushi Sake was not on our original radar in as far as a sushi place.  I eaten at some of the most exclusive sushi establishments in Los Angeles (Yakuza run), Beverly Hills and  movie industry parties. Japan has some of the very best establishments. While Sushi Sake does not rate in the top 95 percentile due to temperature or extreme freshness or using less than the top grade of rice, we rate it overall as one of the best values and flavors in Henderson or Las Vegas for that matter.Eat here and you will not be disappointed. I was pleased that my son convinced me to stay at the hotel and try rather than me calling the cab to drive over to the Aria.  At less than 3 times the cost of going elsewhere for a grade below, you can't lose taking a shot at Sushi Sake inside the Green Valley Ranch Resort and Casino.
5	I come here ALL THE TIME!!!  I know the chefs and the rest of the team members. They are great. Very helpful.. I suggest ayce. It says max 1hour dining. But they don't follow that rule. As long as u eat everything that u order u can stay as long as u want. So take it easy. Relax and order a few things at a time. I suggest take advantage of the appetizers n nigiri sushi. If ur not too hungry, order the ocean paradise!! It's close to heaven!!!! If u love mango n a bit of spicyness go for the super salmon!! Those 2 r my favorite!! Check it out!!!Ooh n ecstasy for appetizers!!! YummyI posted pics of the menu!! Check it out!!! G.a.
5	Great food with even lower pricing!  Did the all-you-can-eat deal with the new lower price of $28.95!  (was $32.95, I think)  My understanding is this is available Sunday - Thursday between 5pm - 7pm.  I was there on Monday, 10/10/11 about 6:30pm.   I was told that as long as you get there and order this deal before 7pm, you can stay and eat beyond 7pm with no rush.  Great service and Excellent Sushi!  I am a big Unagi (Eel) fan and really loved the Nigiri and Godzilla Roll.  My chef was Fernando which is short for something else (he said) and my waitress was Phyllis.  Both were really nice and helpful!  Enjoy!
4	Ended up eating here on 3 occasions while at the GVR. This is a small space, with only a few tables, but plenty of seating at the sushi bar. Lots of creative and traditional rolls on the menu. I pretty good selection of nigiri, and a nice variety of sake. My favorite was Sparkling Blueberry Sake, very refreshing and you can taste the berry flavor.They offer an all-you-can eat option from 5-7 pm for $28.95. This is a very cost effective way to go when you are hungry and the all-you-can eat menu has almost everything on it. Beware, they will always serve rolls first to fill you up, so if you order nigiri make sure to specifically ask to have it brought out first.P.S. You have to try the steamed chicken dumplings off the fresh sheet.
4	We've visited this little sushi place a couple of times and it's never steered us wrong. Our favorites: Godzilla Roll, Cowboy Roll, and the Green Bean Tempura that was recommended by our awesome server, Phyllis! Great service, quality sushi, a great place you might overlook being in GV casino. But one of our favorites!
3	I came here for girls night out. I was a little disappointed with my food. I only came because it had great reviews on yelp. I ordered off the menu, it was an avacado and cucumber roll. They charged me for a virgin roll which was 2.00 more than the friggin california roll (which has faux crab in it). Doesn't seem right. Then when I ate my roll, the sushi rice was mushy. It wasn't very pleasant. Oh, well. Can't win em all.
1	We had the all you can eat special . The fish didn't taste fresh ( which makes sense why they give you such large portions, they are probably trying to use it up instead of discarding it) the waiter mixed up our appetizer and when we said it was the wrong one he told us to eat it because it's usually $24.95 by itself and we were lucky to be getting it for the all you can eat price. Then my boyfriends rice on his sushi tasted sour. We should have just left then and there but we felt bad since we had already put our roll orders in. Needless to say on the five minute drive we had to take home, both of us got sick extremely fast ... From every end you could imagine.
2	I came here only because it was comped and I had the cravings for sushi... I ordered a bunch of sushi and Udon, sushi wasn't bad... although the udon took over 20mins, finally I told the waitress to just forget the udon.  The waitress doubted me that I could finish all my sushi and udon... hmmm really?I doubt I would try this joint again, $28.95 for all you can eat... alot cheaper and better at other sushi restaurants.
2	Sushi on buffet plates????  Wow, this restaurant has gone downhill.  Their all you can eat sushi special used to be a great deal, but I should have known something was wrong when we saw that they had reduced the price.It seems like they have cut back on the quality of everything.  The fish wasn't as good, they are using a lot less rice, and they even got cheap on the plates.  Seriously, they were round off-white buffet style plates about 10" in diameter with the two inch raised borders.  To make it work, they had to cram all of the sushi into  the center of the plates.  I guess they are saving on dishwashing costs too, they don't need to handwash any of these plates.
5	This place is now No.1 as my favorite AYCE sushi places.  This is only good from 5PM to 7PM and it costs for $28.95.  It's a small restaurant tucked away within GVR.  Their best dish is the seared ahi (called Ecstasy) with their special sauce, normally, this is $14, so ordering this twice makes it a great deal.Their fish quality is pretty darn good for AYCE, not too much rice on the sushi.  It takes them a little longer to get your dishes, so patience is in order.  If you order the udon, it's highly recommended to share, as the bowl is BIG!  The broth is perfect, not too salty but full of flavor, they use very good fish stock.Highly recommended!
1	Bad service, reeeally slow chefs. We were the first guests in the restaurant, and after an hour or waiting for sushi/sashimi, the waitress told us they hadn't even started our order! When did 'sushi making' start takin so long???  We told them to cancel our order and bounced. Don't even know what the food quality is like but I can't wait an hour to find out.  There are better Japanese restaurants in Henderson if you're willing to drive out of the hotel.
4	I got the AYCE and ordered the Ecstasy. So good! Perfectly seared and served to perfection. The only thing I would suggest is to not get the AYCE because I was full with only the Ecstasy and another roll!
5	This place is in the middle of Green Valley casino. Went here with my brother and we both thought it was good stuff. I ordered the Ginza roll which was crabilicious and he ordered an eel roll, which was also a delight. I really enjoyed our starter cucumber salad sprinkled with fresh crab. I may be biased when it comes to crab (love it!), but I found it simply refreshing and will duplicate at home. Our service was great...the weird stalker looking guy sitting at the bar with us was NOT! But, all is well. I like Green Valley. They have tons of restaurants to choose from and this is a good option to consider.p.s. Those chairs at the bar are heavy!
3	Got there at 6:50pm with a party of 3 and was given an all you can eat menu, when our server finally came to our table at 7:10pm i was told i was not allowed to do the all you could eat because it was now after 7. I told her i was given the menu so why couldnt i do it? She seemed busy and a little irritated but agreed to let me do it and we were definitely rushed on ordering. (Might I add I have been sick for the past two days and havent eaten anything so needless to say i was STARVING!) Back to the being rushed part, we ordered hot sake for the 3 of us and one of my friends ordered a sopporo (which he couldnt get out that he wanted a large because she was already walking away) we couldnt even ask for water. We didnt get water until the end when i asked for it.When it came to ordering she told me to check off everything i wanted on the all you can eat menu (which usually i order as i go as not to order too much...) so i did exactly as she told me to do. When she picked up my paper she make the comment, "thats A LOT of food. Remember no sharing and no left overs." Im sorry, you are rushing me and you dont know how much food i can put down number one, number two...you dont know how much money i have so if i end up sharing then charge me for it! No need to explain the rules to me or make a rude comment! I was really put off. I understand being busy and feeling rushed, i work at a restaurant where i have 6 tables at a time and believe me even in extreme circumstances i would never make a comment like that to my guests who are leaving me tips. Might i add the two friends i had with me also work at the same restaurant aforementioned. ANYWAYS. The food took a look time to hit the table but once it did it was pretty good. I've had better but i've had worse. I think if the server hadnt have rushed us and seemed annoyed for no reason the whole experience would have been better. I was the only person who left her a decent tip since the other two people didnt feel she deserved it. She seems like a nice lady and i understand (again) about being busy but it can really make or break your experience. I probably wont come back here. (If i do it'll be when there is literally no one else is there so i can at least get decent service)
2	I have to say I am really disappointed and unimpressed.  This sushi place is located inside of the Green Valley Resort.  You would think that being touted as a high end sushi place things would be better run. My hubs and I went on a Friday night, we debated between Sushi and Chinese food and choose sushi as the Chinese restaurant was dead. Usually a tell tale sign. We asked to sit at the sushi bar as we normally get to interact with  our sushi chef.  Not true here let me tell ya.  Moving on, we waited 10 mins before we were even acknowledged by a waitress and not until after that by a sushi chef.  To start of us, i ordered a Blueberry martini and a hot tea, my hubs just a simple coke no ice.  We were brought out our drinks, umm, i got a water with no martini is site. After another 10 minutes a sushi chef finally asks us if we would like something.  My hubs orders a roll and the guy just walks away, not even asking if i want anything or acknowledging me sitting there.  The hubs had to go "excuse" quite a few times before the sushi chef would even look up again.  This place is not noisy, only about 4 other couples in the place.  But I did get to put my order in.  Yeah!  During this whole space of time, we had not seen our waitress once.  Now there are two working the place and we are seeing the other lovely girl who is working her half of the restaurant, taking drinks, conversing etc.  Our waitress, Brandi, i was looking around at the other table besides us and they are looking at me just raising there shoulders going "i don't know".   She finally reappears after my hubs gets his two rolls and I get my tuna and salmon sashimi.  We had been there a good 25-30 mins and she brings out my martini.  My water glass is empty and so is my husbands soda, does she offer to fill anything or ask if we need anything else?  Nopers.  We actually had to ask the other waitress for dishes to poor our soy sauce into. Now the food itself, it was good.  My sashimi was really thick cuts of salmon and tuna.  My husbands spicy crab roll and his ginza roll were pretty good.  That ginza roll was actually the best thing ever.  It was so heavy and so tasty.  Warm crab with a kick. :) Really big rolls too.  My hubs was happy and like is said my sashimi was thick GOOD cuts of fish.  It was nummy. We get through our meal and she is standing at the other end of the sushi bar chatting about her child with the hostess.  She has no other tables but us.  We try several times to get her attention so we can get our bill.  This takes another 5 minutes until I just stand up and ask for it.  I am not someone who makes a scene or even really gets outwardly cranky so please don't think i was rushing up on her.  I politely asked for our check. It was the most attentive she was all night.  I have to say, the pricey price tag and the lack of service have caused to really give this place a big old thumbs down.  Go to your neighborhood sushi spot instead of this one.
5	Went here during my last trip to the Las Vegas area with the wife.  We eat a lot of sushi and this place was awesome.  Ocean Paradise is one of the best roles I have ever had - the wife agrees.  It is one of the few roles that we know measure other roles against when ordering specialty roles.  Service was great!  Chefs were top notch!  Prices very reasonable.If you're staying at the GVR and looking for a sushi option, search no further.
4	Thought I would weigh in on Sushi Sake while waiting for my check!All in all a nice place to have dinner!! Would have given them a 5 star but the sushi was sliced just a little thin for my liking!!The Ecstasy tuna flower was really yummy... recommended as a backup!!!   Wife says not as good as I Love Sushi or Spicy Tuna here in Henderson!!
4	Skinny dip roll was damn good. Staff were nice and friendly. We tried the two sake flights tasters. The pours were huge for the price. Liked 5 out of the 6. Only negative was the smoke from casino.
4	Recently tried this place for the first time. We ordered 5 sushi rolls and some appetizers. Skinny dip & ocean paradise rolls were among our favorites.
4	I don't know if it was because I hadn't had Japanese food in awhile or if it was because I was tired of eating the same food every day, but Sushi + Sake was great!During my stay in Las Vegas, I usually stay at the Tropicana, which sadly only has three restaurants to choose from (steakhouse, Italian and a cafe with various cuisines), so eating there can get quite boring. One night my grandma wanted to get Asian food, preferably Japanese. They used to stay at Green Valley Ranch years ago and knew that Sushi + Sake had a great Japanese restaurant, so we decided to visit hoping they still had the amazing dishes they enjoyed many years ago. Luckily, they did!My grandparents both LOVE their deep fried soft-shell crab (watari kani)! I was hesitant to try it, but my grandma talked me into it and I'm so glad she did because it was amazing! So crispy and perfect with the ponzu sauce, I understand why they wanted to come back here. There is little to no breading around the crab, just a light fry with amazing crisp-ness.I love my spicy tuna, but sadly no where on the Mainland makes it the same as in Hawaii, but here at Sushi + Sake, it gets pretty close. I was debating between three rolls but ended up choosing the Wet and Wild roll (spicy tuna topped with tuna in a garlic ponzu sauce). The garlic ponzu sauce was delish and the sushi roll itself was good enough for me, amazing even! The closest to home I have found so far! My grandma got the unagi don, which had HUGE fillets of unagi, which she had a hard time finishing. My grandpa got the chirashi, which according to my grandma had less fish than she remembered. But both were happy with their dishes.I also ordered chicken dumplings thinking they were going to be gyoza, but sadly they were like Chinese shumai. Kind of regret getting them because they were nothing special at all, very disappointed. The service here was great as well. We had a server who, I don't know how she knew but, could tell we were from Hawaii and explained she was from Hawaii too. She was very attentive and gave me extra otoshi, which was yummy!I really wish my grandparents still stayed at Green Valley Ranch so I could enjoy this restaurant more often, but I'm sure during our next visit we'll come back to Sushi + Sake!
1	I came here for dinner with my parents a few weeks ago. They highly recommended the place because of its sushi. However, the customer service experience I had here was very, VERY poor. It had taken half an hour just to bring out the wine, and even then, they had brought out the wrong type of wine for my parents. Out of all the plates we ordered, only two of them had been delivered to us over the course of the 45 minutes that I had been there. The table next to us had ordered a second plate of shrimp tempura and received it very quickly - meanwhile, we had ordered our only plate of shrimp tempura long ago and hadn't even received it at the time. Because I had to leave early, I was unfortunately unable to receive even the one plate that I had ordered. By far the worst experience I've had at a sushi restaurant!
