3	There are plenty of room at the brew pub to bring lots of friends. My boyfriend and I went on a weeknight and were greeted by a decent bartender and almost 20 other patrons enjoying their beers. They serve imperial pints so keep that in mind when you see the prices for the brews. I ordered the red ale and my boyfriend had an IPA there. Both were delicious, but the BF did admit he wished the bartender was a bit more knowledgeable about each of the beers.  However, it was nice night and I'm glad I checked it out.
3	Fine microbrews butthis place gets crowded quickly.2 for 1 Wednesdays.
4	If you like good bear and a server who knows what they're talking about, then go here now!I had been drinking great beer all week but this place has some specials that are definitely worth a try. The ambiance is great and if you buddy up with the bar tender he'll let you pick song requests. This is a great place to bring friends, or just chill for a bit. They have lots of seating and lots to drink so go already!
4	Beer lovers can find in Benelux a real haven. Their brew list changes constantly, although they normally have at least a beer of every kind on tap (IPA, lager, stout, wheat, bock, the lot). I've never tried their hot dog selection. One of the dogs is "the european", and being European myself I can attest to the thankfully low hot-dog's penetration rate into the old continent, or at least where it counts. So I have no idea what they concocted. Judging by their beers, however, it should be a tasty creation.Avoid it on Friday and Saturday nights unless you want to have your ears mauled by the loud ambience. Your other option is sitting outside (weather permitting), but service in that section is patchy.For an afternoon drink or a beer tasting moment on a quieter night Benelux has few rivals in Montreal. It is certainly the only such bar within a good half-mile range. Location betrays Benelux if you plan on continuing the night elsewhere. Either you walk to St-Laurent, Prince Arthur and Saint Denis (10-15 minutes), or to Crescent (20 minimum). On the good side, the area is usually easier to park in than downtown where the party is. But if you, as a good citizen, do not drink and drive, see my earlier point about walking. It will also help you smell less of beer when you appear before the face-controlling bouncer at your preferred nightclub.I am a regular and have my beer loyalties. If you do not want to commit to a full pint serving, try their taster menu where they bring out five 4-ounce glasses of different beers. A good starting point no doubt.
3	Basically just an great place to hang and be. Even on a Wednesday you'll find the tables pleasantly full but everything still feels very easy going.Grab yourself a table, utilize their wide beer selection though I can't really specify how big it is because I didn't get any. Watch for the random steps. Don't ask me how I know, but if you start dancing in the middle of the bar where a dance floor might fit- you might get a free shot of whiskey from/with the bartender and an invitation to a secret Montreal club from an onlooker. AKA the people are really friendly here!   This is place is an absolute haven on a cold night.
3	2 for 1 pints on Wednesdays is the only reason I frequent this place. It gets really crowded on this night especially when the students are in town, and it can be really fun. However, their prices have been creeping up over the years and their beers have gone downhill in terms of quality. The atmosphere is fun - large and open with bar seating - but the bathrooms are really disgusting and the bartenders, especially one I have in mind, are usually wasted. The bottom line: fun on Wednesdays for young 20-somethings where you can get 2 pints of gross to mediocre beer for $9.75.
4	Everything here is delicious.Let me elaborate.The beerThe bartendersThe atmosphereThe trio plateThe patio was jampacked, so we opted to sit inside at the bar - which was a ton of fun because we got to eyeball the behind-the-scenes of the bar - which is lively. The service was on point too.Go for the beer. Stay for the beer and surrounding (eye-candy). We ended up gulping down a few more than our initially planned 'one and done'.Good times.
2	This place was just meh. The blonde ale was good, but other than that, I've had much better elsewhere.I also don't really think this can honestly be considered a brewpub. The good menu is quite limited, i.e. "here are four sandwich options. If you want one, I'll take it pre-made out of this cooler, and put it in this here panini press right behind the counter."
3	I have mixed feelings about this place...  The beer was absolutely fantastic.  Between my boyfriend and me we tried three different beers (American IPA, Abricot, and something else...), and all were great.  The service, however, was kind of lackluster.  Perhaps it was because we were tourists, but we were not welcomed by our waitress at all.  She acted as if we were an interruption to her otherwise perfect life.Another downfall is that there's not much of a food selection.  You have a choice of bread, cheese and crackers, olives, a couple of panini varieties, and hot dogs (uh...no thanks).All in all, though, it's a good place to drink a couple of great beers and people watch.
4	Loved Benelux. The atmosphere was great - we sat outside until 11, then moved in for the rest of the evening. It was packed, even on a Tuesday. Beers were tasty - wish I had ordered another!
4	So, the beer here is fantastic and that's enough for me to love it.There are, however, some downsides: 1. It is really loud inside.  Loud enough that having a conversation with someone a foot from you is difficult.2. As someone else has said, service is a little lackluster.3. It's a little pricy.If you want an interesting beer, this is a great place to try.  If you're looking to hang out and chat and don't care what you're drinking, go somewhere else.
4	The terrace in the summer is amazing. Best place in the summer for happy hour. I don't typically go here in the winter since the music is really loud and I prefer places where it is easier to converse with someone. Beer here is amazing but pricey.
5	Awesome beer.  Get there on Thursdays early for cask night.
4	Personally, I am not a huge fan of beer.  I like a good brew with a meal, but don't expect me to pound them back all night.  However, Benelux is one of these places where I will enjoy a pint or two.  They have all different types of beers that they brew themselves.  Some of them can have high alcohol content so look out for what you get.If you are sitting on one of the tables, the service can be a little lackluster as others have mentioned.  However, if you sit at the bar you shouldn't have any problems with service.If you are a little hungry while knocking back a few, they serve European style hot dogs which are surprisingly good.There is a terrasse out in the summer too, so on a warm summer evening you can sit back relax and enjoy some hand crafted brews.
3	Perhaps I had high expectations for Benelux, or perhaps I went on a cold-gloomy day and therefore it wasn't as busy as people claim for it to be. I'm not sure, I'm going to have to come back to really pick at that. Perhaps in the summer time when the weather is more terrace friendly. It's a spacious pub with lots of seating options to choose from, both indoors and outdoors. They had an interesting beer list that can surely satisfy a beer fix and many people seemed to be ordering their European style hot dogs, which looked quite good. I had a glass of their Gaia beer, which is a light-citrus tasting beer... around 4-5%, and my friend had a glass of their Lux, which is a blonde beer. Next time I'll probably go for something a little stronger and bolder, but it wasn't bad for starters.I can definitely appreciate and respect their home-brewing beer skills, and I will definitely come back (most likely in the summer time) to try what else they have to offer!
4	A hip brewpub/brewery with stainless steel and exposed ductwork everywhere. Kegs line the walls as you come in, and the bar at the end of the high ceilinged room has the brewhouse itself tucked away behind it, barely visible. The feeling is kind of a mix between a lounge and a bar, with several different seating options. Floor to ceiling windows line one wall letting in a lot of light (we were there in the afternoon), but I have a feeling this place comes alive at night. The beers range from the traditional Belgian styles that permeate the area to hoppy American style pale ales and IPAs. The Belgian blonde we had was well brewed and exactly what you expect, flavorful but light and approachable. The IPA was good and hoppy, but the malt profile was interesting and complex, which I appreciate.Overall the beer is very good, a little on the pricey side (but not that bad), and the feel of the place is more young and hip than some of the traditional "pubs" where craft beer is served. The service was very slow however, and begrudgingly bi-lingual. I have a feeling they're not really geared for the tourist population, which is fine, but I need to brush up on my French before I go back (and leave the backpack at the hotel).
4	This place was a pleasant surprise.  Every beer we tried was gexcellent and the bartender insisted we have samples before ordering a full glass.  The atmosphere was nice, kind of hip.  The place was clean, and the service was friendly.  Would definitely go back the next time we're in town.
2	Mediocre beer, indifferent service. Had a fairly tasteless brown ale, served by a cooler-than-thou waitress. Oh, and not cheap. Outside seating is nice on a summer day though - adjacent to the UQAM campus so nice people watching. Caution - cash only!
3	A pretty chill place to have a pint.  They have plenty of outdoors seating, but it's located right next door to a dry cleaners which is weird. There is a pretty big tree that covers the seating area outside which should provide some shade. The beers here are decent, have not heard of a single one, but I tried a zeeland which is a Saison ale. Sadly I only was able to barely fit one pint due to a large dinner prior. But I would come again. Price is about 6-7 a pint.
2	sat outside and took forever to get waited on. whatever. didn't have the beers I wanted to try (anything IPA), but the ones we ended up getting were still pretty good. went inside to try to find someone to pay for our beers and the place is really cool looking, literally and figuratively. wouldn't go back. there are better, busier places. maybe I just prefer cozier pubs...
4	One of my hideouts in the downtown area. Bumpin and cozy during 5a7, unpretentious and friendly like a brewpub should be and the homebrews have nice flavour. I've been disappointed tasting that hint of bleach from recently (and poorly) cleaned taps in lots of other joints, but not here. The house stout is not too sweet, light coffee notes, my favourite. Free wifi with my beer is much appreciated, as is that magical lighting level where everyone looks a little romantic but you can still read from your screen if you like. I like the big comfy chairs in the front window and the long communal tables in the back by the bar. The terrasse doesn't do much for me, but it's nice that it exists. The snacks are fine, not cra-mazing but plenty fine and a step above bar food for sure.
4	My favourite brewery in the downtown area.  If I'm not trekking to Dieu du Ciel, I'm coming here. Benelux provides solid beer, a fantastic Black IPA, and friendly service. I don't have too much negative to say in terms of their beer selection, and I'm never lacking for a choice outside my beloved Black IPA's. The beer geek in me is quite pleased to see that their Belgian styles are consistent and clean, something that is often not present in smaller breweries. Benelux has a nice atmosphere, fairly low volume, great lightning, and decent table set up. This makes it a great place for conversing over a beer after work, or commiserating over one due to work.  All in all it holds a solid second place in my quest for Montreal breweries.
4	I have been here several times and it always looks like a complete gong show inside: coats, people, scarves, plates and glasses everywhere, but the service is always impeccable and the beers on tap are always tasty and fresh. The little plates are nice and keep you from getting too loaded on some of the Belgian-esque 9.5%'ers.Easy to get to on the bus/Metro and even though it looks more packed than a Shriner's circus car, there's always room for more people!
5	Every time I go back to Montreal, I have to make a trip to Benelux. Geoffrey is a rockstar, and is usually plastered by the time I get there.The beer is all great - special kudos to Cuda, but everything on the menu is fantastic. I don't think I've ever had a beer I didn't like. The Euro Dogs are pretty good, and make for great drunk food.Go in the back, sit in the vault, and enjoy one of the best beer bars in Montreal.
5	I've been going to this place regularly for the last two years, and I'm happy to have such nice place next to my home. The beer selection is great considering that they serve only their own beer. Whatever your taste in beer, there is always two or three on tap that you'll enjoy. So every body in your gang will be happy.The people who work in Benelux are professional and know the beer. The atmosphere is very friendly but they respect your privacy perfectly.Don't forget to taste their roasted almonds!
4	Amazing place but always packed.
3	Nice place to have a beer, especially when the terrasse is open, though it is often very busy. Their beers don't have anything special beside the fact that they brew their own (I know this is North America but Belgian style? Really? Have you ever even tried a real Belgian beer??! And the IPA tastes like grapefruit juice) Good if you like very stereotypical beers. A bit expensive for what it is. The waiters are usually friendly and the atmosphere always up!
3	Benelux Brewpub is on our list of local breweries to visit on this trip. But with too much drinking the last few nights... we never made it for a night cap until our last day for afternoon beer time.Not busy at all, definitely a good place to chill. We shared a few $2 samplers:Lux - BlondeZeeland -  SaisonSemuta - Saison Amber Motek - Imperial PilsnerSabotage - IPACimonak - PorterThe beers were all A-OK and quite enjoyable. Nothing really stand out to be exceptionally awesome. Free Wifi with tons of electric outlets! If Benelux is near my house, I think I will be here during the day and do some work and drink beers...instead of going to a library or Starbucks!
4	J'aime this place a lot! When I lived downtown, this was the place we headed, even on nights when the place would be jammed packed with McGill Ghetto-ites! Now, me and my man only head here when we happen about the downtown area and need a little drink fix. The brews here are primo, delicious variety on tap and something to suit every taste.
4	A great little brewpub in Montreal.  We tried the samplers and were not disappointed.  This place quickly became packed around 4 on a Saturday and seemed to be a mix of locals and tourists.  I would say that it seemed like mostly locals, which means the place has to be doing something right.  My favorite beer was the pilsner but I would stay away from the Belgians if you like their classic tastes only because the ones brewed were slightly off.  The service was fast and super nice even though she was the only one working the whole room!  There are no TVs, which is fine, so don't expect to catch a game.  This is a great place to get together with a group of friends and indulge in beer and conversation.
3	Meh.Beer: Good.Service: Huh, where?Terrace: CHAOSMenu: Blocked by many (drunken)headsBloody Caesar: Eek!I really wanted to try a Eurodog, but I lacked the patience.But hey, the beer is good.I'll go back to try the dog, one day.
3	Meh. Beer's good. Service is sub-par. Haven't tried the food. I'll go back to try the food and will adjust this review accordingly.
3	Had some late nite drinks here while in town for the jazz fest.My friend and I were underwhelmed by our beers--not bad, just meh--so we switched over to wine (rose, which was fine). Decent crowd even late nite. Service was typical Montreal.Decent enough brewpub; don't think I'd go out of my way to go back, tho.
4	Love la Marge stout, nice service this time. I kind of love this bar in the weird land of Sherbrooke between St Laurent and Parc. I love the dim light and its the best option in the area, but I dunno, not perfectly comfortable somehow?
3	The eurodog is a garlic salt bomb, perfect drinking food.  It's worth $7.  Unlike other reviews, I had great service here, but I usually sit at the bar.  It was also pretty empty when I went, which is odd for a Saturday night at 9pm.  I like the decor is here, it's a pretty nice looking joint. No TVs so if you want to catch a game, skip benelux.As a brewery, it's just average.  Beers were okay, most everything had a funk or an after taste that just wasn't right.  Like homebrew beer tastes.Bottom Line: Okay if you are nearby. Not worth going out of the way.
3	This place seems to be a mainstay for UQAM students for happy hours after work. I stopped in with the other scientists I was working with and we got a nice big booth in the corner. The beer list is good and cheap for Montreal, but I wasn't sold on the interior. It was just a beat down little bar that seems to be to go-to place for no reason other than it's close. However, the bar has a bunch of tables outside in the front, which I'm sure would be a great venue during the summer.
3	Second time here.  Great selection of brews, but the service is aloof.  Not sure if it is because we're Americans, but we weren't loud/obnoxious.  Just out to get a few brews before the night.
4	I regularly visit the place for a 5a7 with lab mates. I recommend starting with the hot dog and pint special. Tasty beer in a large variety for your selection. Inside can get loud, but fret not for there is ample seating outside my friends! Well at least in the summer.
4	This was a great place to sit and have a beer.  They had a very nice outdoor patio on the street that was full, but the crowd moved and it was easy to get a table.  Very nice selection of beer, the munchies menu was limited.  Hot Dog, Panini (1 or 2) chips, cheese, or olives was all that they had.  We had the Panini and it was good!
5	This place was a great find in Montreal! The staff was amazing and provided excellent service. They serve good food even late night and the beer selection is hard to beat. Definitely recommend checking this place out!!
4	3.5 stars is the perfect rating for this place.    Very tasty beers, with a good but not great atmosphere.I'd recommend checking it out if you are in Montreal.3 or a 4 rating, its a coin flip.......I'll go with 4 stars to show goodwill to our neighbors north of the border. :)
4	I have been here a few times. It's conveniently located! Great to stop here, have a drink with friends and then head on to a restaurant nearby!They have a good variety of beers and you can ask for details from the waiters. The terasse is quite nice but can get quite full. Happily, the inside is nice too! You may want to check out the tables they have in the old safe vault area!
4	open late! good cheese and crackers! good ipa  and wine! friendly bartender, large area! affordable and in safe neighborhood. would go back.
4	Lots of solid beers here.  Cool spot located in an old bank.  Not too crowed when we came.  You can get a sampler, which is what I did.  Mostly good beers, my favorite being the Sabotage IPA.  Super hoppy and delicious.  The other notable brews for me would be the Diplo and the Razmatazz.
4	If you love beer it is good place to go in Montreal. Good variety of beers with all different tastes. The food is not very good and the music is loud but the beer is so good that convinced me to give four stars!
5	Tried the Diplo- a saison I'd love to drink all day! It really was perfect. Shots on the house for my date and I - *thank you* to the excellent atmosphere and such nice attention :)
4	Ambiance is relaxed, no attitude.  Nice mix of people, some hipsters, some students and some old farts enjoying a brew.  Beer wasn't out of this world, at least my two choices, souped-up hot dog was a fine chaser.  3.5 stars would be right -- I wouldn't go out of my way -- or even skip another night in beautiful old Montreal for that.
5	Please. Montreal is a great city, but its beer scene pales compared to Portlandia. Except that Benelux truly has it going on. We hit this place THREE times on our last visit to town, and the brews are ALL first-rate.Not only that, that they run the gamut from IPAs that actually have taste and flavor (instead of just bitterness) to flavorful stouts, with a great saison and Belgian and other varietals in between. Absolutely top tier.If you're new to town, this will become your regular. If you're a tourist looking for a few good pints, this is the place.Oh, yes, they have noshes, free Wi-Fi, and a great casual vibe.Benelux is the real deal.
4	You can get a nice tasting flight with a very good variety of Beneluxian ales. All are very different and very nice. Some of the beers taste like meat, in a good way.
