3	I was here for a conference and it had it's pros and cons. I was in a Jr King Suit and was disappointed that the bathroom was super small. The furniture was low quality. No microwave.  Wi-Fi cost per day which is just un-real these days and at this price point.It is really located in a good place next to a mall and close to the interstate.  Room service was really impressive and the food quality was really good.  Very cool pool and common areas.  The front desk wasn't really nice or helpful. They seemed annoyed almost if you asked them something. I asked for a wake up call that never happened, thankfully I woke up on time.  Very comfortable bed. It's phoenix I know but still pretty bad view.I probably wouldn't stay here again by choice. Hope this helps. Be sure and ask for a room with a big bathroom or shower if you do stay here.
1	We stayed here for my son's baseball tournament but we won't be staying here again.  They gave away our double queen room.  We have 2 teenage boys and we had to stay in a room with 1 king bed.  Not to mention you have to pay $10.95 for Wi-Fi per device!  What a rip off.  Very disappointed and we won't recommend this place to any baseball team that is looking for a place to stay!
4	Pretty decent hotel.  I like that there are 8 floors.  My rooms is clean and smells fresh. The staff are very efficient but lack much personality. The location is not ideal for me. Although its right off the 60 I like places that are surrounded by locally owned restaurants and more trendy environments. This place is surrounded by chain restaurants and a dumpy mall.
2	Clean room and bathroom. The bed was comfortable. Now for the bad experience. Unless your a member you'll have to pay an arm & a leg for your room. We checked in with no reservations at 5am cause we were road tripping it. Manager gave us half rate for the room on the first day, ok cool. Second manager charged us a "early departure" fee which 1st manager failed to mention, we had to leave a day early. Policy is a 24 hr notice prior to leaving. Great. Arizona also loves it taxes. You pay the states and the city's then are charged a day 'city taxes'. This place is just as bad as cali. So rule of thumb. Reserve a room or be a member. Oh, & you have to pay extra for Internet access unless your a member. Place is a joke. Holiday Inn next time.
