1	Came at 8:20pm, there are lots of empty tables that haven't  been cleaned up. We, party of 2, were told to wait a few minutes for them to clean up and we would be seated shortly. We waited happily. We have good experience with bachi burger before (the one in Windmill) so we have no problem with the wait. 5 mins later, a server carried some drinks to the table next to where I sat waiting spilt her drinks all over. Didn't splash me. But we can see the unprofessionalism. Here we continued to wait, thinking the place is still new, They still need time for improvement. 20 mins later, we were still waiting. I should repeat: there are lots of empty tables but still no one bothered to clean up or make sure we got seated. My bf stood up and saw if he could catch anyones attention to ask what was going on. Still, the servers seemed too busy. I guess we didn't worth their time. Feeling upset, we left. We should come to the old location. Thought we could give it a shot. I guess we will never come back here.
1	This place says it closes at 11pm and its 1020.... And they denied us service! :( Was actually really excited for this, sadly place is still run by unprofessional people.
3	Finally got to try Bachi. Great burgers! Our server was very helpful explaining and describing the menu to us. Shuffle fries are good as well.
5	Super Stoked I have a Bachi Burger 5 minutes from my house. All of my friends and family are fans! This was the former HLK and I missed the food from there but hey let's make the best of it.  I got the #Kiki burger my ultimate fave and it was cooked Mid Rare to my likings. The staff was super sweet and spot on with never letting my drink get lower then half full.  If I had it my way I could eat here everyday. Their choice in beef is Top Grade and prime perfection. Their Oxtail Chili Cheese fries always a cult classic! The pickled veggies and I hear tale of breakfast on the weekends ! Schwing I love it.  It's Super diverse and off the beaten path of most food chains.  Can't go wrong with a Bachi Burger.
5	Great service and super yummy food!Before I come to this location, I've been to bachi burger once, I don't have too much memories of my last experience, but this one is just fantastic.When I enter with my boyfriend the waiter greeted us politely. And later on turned out he was so attentive (checking on us every 5 minutes, which feels a little bit weird but I know he's doing it out of care)We ordered the shogun burger, which was sooooo amazing! I usually hate burgers due to their greasy taste but after having this one I just can't help but craving for it all the time!I love this place and will definitely come back (hopefully not too much to keep my shape tho lol!)
5	The Black & Green Wagyu Beef Burger was everything that I hoped it would be.  Juicy.  Flavors that truly did evolve with each bite.  The bleu cheese, bacon, and mushrooms played nicely with each other.  I was thinking about building my own burger, but for my first visit, I thought it was a safer choice to go with something that their chefs created, which is what I recommend you do as well, if you're a first timer.  The Peking Duck Bao's were awesome as well.  The Bao was so soft and fluffy, and the sweet hoisin-like sauce was perfect with them.  I saved the Ox Tail Chili Fries for last, as they were the most surprising to me.  I expected everything to be great here, but these awesome fries had me feeling some type of way!  Keep in mind, I had already devoured my big burger, and had some Duck Bao's, and I couldn't stop eating the Ox Tail Chili Fries.  The Ox Tail meat is shredded and mixed into the chili, which has a semi-sweet flavor.  The egg, sriracha mayo type sauce, jalapenos, and cilantro created this perfect combination of flavors, and this will now be ordered every time I come here.  The ambiance was nice.  Their staff was tentative, and we will be back.
5	Clean atmosphere.... Ronin Burger....Dee-Freakin-licious !!!  Highly recommended !  Definitely coming back to try other specialty burgers.
5	Finally Bachi is right around the corner from where I live! It's the same great food and service as the original on Windmill plus some smoothies and fresh juices. Awesome burgers!! Hope they do well at the new location.
2	Grand Re(soft)OpeningHappy Thanksgiving to Monkey Part I. Same clean and modern interior, 3 TVs, bar and kitchen visible behind large windows. Greeted & seated right away. HLK may be gone, but half it's menu items including smoothies still exist. The breakfast menu featuring their Hash and those delectable Pancakes will be making a return soon. Monkey do:SAPPORO DRAFTBLACK & GREEN BURGER - mushroom, spinach over Wagyu beefPORTUGESE DOUGHNUTS - very dense, fried balls of dough covered in sugar, served with jam.  mmmm donuts...  Monkey ordered burger medium, it arrived very rare in the middle.  Though, savory and delicious, i killed it without giving it a second thought.  Why would i?  It's Bachi Burger!  My ultimate favorite burger in Vegas...  I no longer posses a cast iron stomach to devour anything in my path...  therefore, it returned 2hrs later.  every single bit.  Lesson learned.  Well done from now on.  Monkeys still a fan, but with fear of this kitchen.  Monkey shall return for them Taro Pancakes.  One day...
5	The same burgers as the windmill location plus a few extras they kept from when this location was Bachi HLK I am here at 6pm and the restaurant is basically empty. I'm sure it will pick up as they have just re-opened
5	Newer location. Service was prompt and courteous -- I was also the only person on a Monday about an hour before close. Most importantly, ordered Banh Mi burger and sweet potato fries. Both were amazing. Burger came with Nuoc Mam sauce good enough to drink.
5	So we bit into the hype and we're sure glad we did! We are now jumping on the Bachi bandwagon. For a location that's only been open for 3 weeks they sure have worked out the kinks and gave a very impressive first time experience to us newbies. Service was stellar and the FOOD? WOW! I know it's just burgers but match that with quality beef and the freshest of ingredients and you get one succulent and gratifying meal. I got the Kiki burger, there was a lot going on with all the components but all the flavors melded together creating an incredible burger paired with truffle fries and the moan inducing (in a good way of course!) salted caramel marshmallow shake. Hubby got the Mr. Ho's burger which was amazing as well (if you love lap cheong this is definitely the burger for you) with salt and pepper fries and a guava milkshake.Sure they're a little pricier than your average burger joint, but I'd pay LV strip prices any day to get the first class quality of food and service here.Shout out to the manager Chris who came out to chat with us and was very proud of his work of art (milkshakes) and their house made caramel and marshmallow. And to our server Desiree who was spectacular. You guys definitely made the experience one for the books. Ohhhhh we also got the Portuguese donuts (Malasadas) for dessert to go. So Onoooooo!!!
4	First time here. Haven't seen anything like this in Southern California. Food was delicious!Service could have been a little better, unfortunately it was understaffed. Would I go back?Yes I would I highly recommend this place I loved the oxtail chili friesand the burgers..... Yum!!Shared the Ronin Myagi SomethingBoth were excellent burgers
4	The burgers are delicious. Great atmosphere. Lacked in good service.Try the oxtail chili cheese fries. They are delicious. We also had the garlic edamame and that too was yummy. The burgers have a unique taste so just go in with an open mind and try them how they come.
4	This place is pretty sweet. Has lots of burger variety on the menu so it can be hard to choose what you want. I went with the oxtail chili cheese fries to start it off and they did not disappoint!!! They were delicious! Lots of flavor and a pretty big portion, we shared it amongst 4 people along with some edamame. I struggled on deciding what to get, either pork belly steamed buns or the Banh Mi burger. Luckily our server was very helpful and made some recommendations. I went with the Banh Mi and it was great! The only thing I had a problem with was the service. They were very understaffed for the amount of people walking in the door.
5	Well today will be a Yelp first for me because I will be giving my first 5.This place was awesome. After spending $100 on the overly hyped Wicked spoon the night before, this place was a breath of fresh air. The food was excellent. Asian fusion at its best with fresh ingredients and originality. The staff was friendly. The place was clean. I spent around $60.00 for both me and my wife without any regret. I highly recommend this place. The hype for this place was justified. Customer service: 5Bathroom and restaurant cleanliness: 5Food: 5Wait time: 5Price: 5Conclusion: you get what you pay for and more.
4	My husband and I have heard great things about this restaurant and with receiving a gift card for Christmas it was the universe telling us we had to go. We asked the waitress what to get and she recommended the oxtail chili cheese fries as an appetizer. These were delicious and could be a meal by itself! We each order a burger as well: Ronin Burger and Black and Green Burger. We barely had room to finish it all. We will definitely be back to try it again!
5	ERMAHGERDDDD. This place is SO DAMN DELICIOUS. Definitely lived up to its hype. I first went to the location on Windmill and that place had a long wait so they told us about this location and came here instead and had no wait at all! We ordered the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries & oh my goodness, it was amazing. But the best part of my meal was my Green & Black Burger. The wagyu patty was so mouth-watering good. You can add that patty to your burger & it'll come out to $16. A bit on the pricier end but def worth the money. I just realized they have a place in Pasadena, close to where I live so yay! Will def be stopping by there in the near future.
4	We arrived at this location after we were told the Windmill location had a 45 minute wait. Thankfully this location is a lot closer to where I live. We were immediately seated in a booth that we asked for. The ambiance of this new location was great. Table and utensils were clean. The menu was extensive and took us a few minutes to decide what to order. I ordered the Ronin Burger. It was delicious. The presentation was well executed. We also ordered salt & pepper fries; the menu is a la carte. The fries were served with a dipping sauce, which I forgot the name of, but was very delicious.The service was less than average. It could definitely be improved. We asked for refills for our water and he only managed to refill my cup and didn't refill my girllfriend's; she had less water than me. I will definitely be back to try a different burger and hopefully get better service.
4	First time to this location...tucked away in a plaza on Russell...hoping this will be just as yummies as the Village Square one!  Food review to come...
2	I gave 2 stars because even though the food was good. The service was horrible. We didn't feel welcomed at all. We had a party of 9 and only 2 orders were served the way they were ordered. The waitress sucked. She clearly took the orders wrong and paid no attention to us. The woman who served us our drinks was way more pleasant than the lady that took our orders. At least she thanked us for coming. Due to the horrible service we didn't leave much of a tip. I'll stick to the Sahara location
2	Two stars cuz the food is good. Why i give low ratings? Never make a hungry man wait to long! Walked in and got seated after 5min. What started to irritate me more is that no one came to approach us and ask for drinks or anything within the next 15min. Wtf! What pissed me off more is a bigger group got their fkn water and their burgers before us. Smh Thanks for making this hawaii boy disappointed on my very first experience of this place.
3	Meh, I really want to like the place. I have eaten here a few times since they re-opened, this area is really lacking quality places to grab a quick bite. I am not much of a fan of the asian style burgers so I Order them plain. The meat is great quality making the burgers are delicious. The salads & truffle fries are also amazing, the food isn't my problem it's the wait staff.Someone from higher management needs to take a look at the wait staff in this location. Nobody is paying attention to the tables as they chat behind the bar where there is not a single customer sitting. They act bothered when you ask for anything. 7 people are on the floor but nobody is doing anything more productive than marrying the sauce bottles. This is a town of service workers.. We notice when we receive crappy service ourself.
2	I've been wanting to come here for quite some time now after seeing it featured on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive ins, and Dives.  The star of the show was the oxtail chili cheese fries.  Which on the show, looked amazing.  The chili cheese fries were made with copious amounts of oxtail and was a meal in itself.   I remember marking my notes with not only the location but what to order (oxtail chili cheese fries) and the cost $8.99.      As usual,  after Guy leaves,  things change.  The chili cheese fries didn't have a morsel of oxtail.  I found a few hair strand like pieces in the chili but that was it.  To make matters worse, the price had been increased to $11.  That's the same price as a burger!
5	So, I typically go to the Sahara location but we tried their newest location on Russell. The food, as always was BLOODY AMAZING!!! I had the Black & Green burger, it was NOM NOM & it only got better with aioli's!! We also ordered all of their fries, sweet potato ones, truffle fries, salnt & pepper fries and the jalapeno fires, the latter are my FAVORITE!!But here's the BEST part of our dining experience, the service! When we arrived we were greeted and seated right away. There were a total of 6 of us but only 2 of were there first. Carla seated us with a laugh & a smile! She also shared with us that her co-worker had called out 2 days in a row; yes, someone will be AXED from there! Once the rest of our party arrived, Carla continued to be a ROCK STAR! She was on point. She was pleasant. She was funny. She was fun. She made us laugh. She was just FRICKIN AWESOME!! Not once being the ONLY Server on the floor did it hinder her work or her personality! THANK YOU CARLA for an AWESOME time! And we WILL be back to see YOU!
