3	Stopped by here to pick up something quick and also look at some stuff for upcoming projects I have stirring in my head.  The store looks fairly new, clean, and managed ok (in the 10min I spent in there).  Location is at the very end of all that is going on near Concord Mills, so I was able to get in and out (using back roads).  Can't complain about this visit I had today.
3	Need a faucet?  How 'bout a ceiling fan to cool you down in the in-between months from outrageously hot and frigidly cold?  Thinking about adding on to your patio?  Or just adding some seasonal color to the front flower beds?  Lowes is your standard big-box retailer for the home handyman/handywoman and do-it-yourselfer!This particular location is close to the casa, so it's convenient for me.  Relatively new, the store stays clean, and I haven't yet had to quest to find someone to help me with my needs.  The store's organization is a bit different than I'm used to; the gardening section is clear across the store from the lumber area.For me, bundling shopping trips is important, especially with the price of gas going higher than Charlie Sheen's Twitter subscriber numbers!  This location is very close to several shopping centers, the Concord Mills, and a Walmart.  How's that for convenient?
5	My home away from home. Across from Concord Mills Mall. 10% off for military. Pets welcome.
2	The store is nice and got great service from one of the guys in the flooring dept.. But thats where it stopped had problem with a carpet purchase/install, was told that someone would call never recieved that call. Called to speak to someone noone cared or tried to help out with the problem. Then spoke will the store manager and the same thing very arrogant and seems to not care about the customer and our situation! I will spend my money at either Home Depot or another Lowes but not this one. I guess they think cause they are near Concord Mills customers will just come too them but have a feeling not many will return.
5	This was a minor home project trip. We're working on fixing our door frame, so we were looking for the molding.  The salesman was extremely helpful. He showed us what we needed and the options that we could get. In addition, he wasn't trying to oversale us. We were in and out in less than 15min.
1	Went to pick up a lawn mower that had been taken in for repairs. Over the course of an hour, we were told first that they couldn't find it. Then they brought us someone else's mower and practically insisted it was ours while admitting they lost the paperwork that says who's mower it was. It wasn't ours. Ours was not that nice/expensive. We wait and finally the find ours. And then they tell us we owe $102. No, it was covered under a warranty. We ask for a manager. Employee disappears and comes back awhile later without a manager. Then we're told that if we will just pay for parts, they'll cover labor. No, again, we explain it was under warranty and was only a few months old and to our understanding, should've been covered by the extended warranty and  ask again to speak to a manager. Eventually, manager Tiffany shows up, never greets us or addresses us by name or apologizes for our over an hour wait but instead launches into a scolding speech about how she'll "eat it " this time but never again are we to come in and ask for this. She then repeats herself twice, as if her mere presence is a favor to us. When I'm in a store and ask politely to speak to a manger for clarification about fees I'm being told to pay, I expect to be addressed by said manager In a prompt and respectful manner.
4	My neighborhood home improvement center, and we are glad to have them. Compared to others, this location is pretty good. Love the garden center, love the grill selection. Like the paint depart, like the hardware aisles. Don't like that I don't know my way around the power tools, but they are cool to look at. Check out the guy selling dogs and sausages out front on weekends.
