5	Great value lunch special. $6.99 complete lunch include soup, egg roll, and 16oz soda. Place looks clean although the interior is a bit outdated.
2	Stopped in to order a lunch to go. The service for take out was fine.The decor is the same as it was with Chengs.The soup was egg drop it was very pale and had no taste.The pepper steak was ok, not much on flavor..The egg roll was inedible. It was so oil soaked. I do not think I will return.
5	Good price 6.99 for large portion of food with spring roll and egg drop soup
5	Waited a short while for our take out because it was made to order. Smelled great. Substitution allowed on soup with family dinner. Very good. Good deal.
1	Called ahead to order my food to go. They said they understood what I wanted and it would be 30 minutes. When I went to pick up my order was wrong so they remade the order. Not telling me that I also was supposed to get a drink with my order too. I was over charged and got home only to find out my order was AGAIN wrong!!! I called and they said there was no manager available and wouldn't be able to refund my money and they had no idea when one would be available. Ridiculous.
3	Just happened to drive by,...  saw the Grand Opening sign.  We were greeted by a very strong gaseous odor once in the door.  The wor wonton soup was decent, and the restauranteur happily served us.  We ordered the hot and spicy garlic shrimp.  It arrived promptly, the garlic aroma was enticing, but the flavor and small shrimp failed to deliver on our expectations.  Additionally, brown rice is NOT an option to order.  The hot tea was more like Luke warm water, so paying the bill was a bit of a bitter pill to swallow.  We won't be back,....
4	This was a great place to eat at. It was great service. Ordered honey walnut shrimp and sweet and sour pork. Both were delious. We got free soup and on a cold day that was perfect. Not from Vegas but if I come back I will eat here again.
3	You know, apparently it's a lot harder to find Chinese delivery in my area than I thought. After an exhaustive search, we found "Happy Wok" aka the Chinese restaurant formerly known as 'Cheng's Express' and ordered the family dinner. The order arrived in pretty speedy fashion and was maybe slightly over what you'd hope to pay for standard Chinese. We got Sesame chicken (solid), Mongolian beef (average, could use more beef), wonton soup (average) and fried rice (average).Overall, it's not bad, it's not great, but if you're looking to satisfy your Chinese urge in this area, and you're too lazy to visit the deliciousness that is Panda Express, this place is alright.Three ***.
