4	I missed a layover and the airline put me up here overnight.  I was very pleasantly surprised that a hotel like this exists in Vegas.  It was very clean (not smokey), quiet (unusual for Vegas) and comfortable.  Also, the Au Bon Pain downstairs was very good (why can't they have more of these places on the west coast)?If you are a business traveler stopping in Vegas, this is a pretty good bet.I would've rated the hotel higher, but it is pretty far off the beaten path from the strip (although not bad if you have a car).  This would matter more to me if I were there for pleasure or for a trade show.
4	This is an unusual variation on the Doubletree Hotel.  Not the usual layout and amenities, but I liked it never the less.  I was there on business, and could not get into my usual places.  The Au Bon Pain is great.  They have all meals there, and excellent service.  What I really liked was the wireless connectivity in the lounge, and conference rooms on the side of a long lobby.  (nice touch)Too this is off of Warm Springs Road south of the airport, so easy freeway access to everywhere.
4	If you are in Vegas and don't need to stay on the Strip, this hotel is a steal. They have a shuttle that picks you up from the airport and a shuttle that will take you to the Strip. If you don't want to wait for a shuttle, they'll call you a cab. I was headed to the Joint at the Hard Rock and a cab ride only set me back $20. Free internet is always a plus. If you're a Diamond member like I am, you also get free breakfast. Rooms were clean and spacious but I did get an upgrade because of my Diamond status. Will definitely keep this hotel in mind the next time I roll into Vegas.
4	OK, I know I am really lame when I am SO GLAD I stayed at the Doubletree on a recent work trip to Vegas.Here's why it rocked:*Free 24-hour shuttle to and from the airport =  no standing in ridiculously long taxi lines at McCarran.  Said shuttle will also give you a free ride to the MGM Grand (but not back to the hotel, be warned).*Delicious free cookie*It's relatively small; no crazy lines to check in*Super friendly staff; both the bartender and the front desk staff were very helpful and seemed to love life.  A rarity in Vegas.*No slot machine noises!  This might be the best part.*Free wireless*Comfy comfy bed and pillowsI used to love the whole "Vegas experience" but I got it out of my system.  The Doubletree is a great alternative for those of us who are over Vegas but have to go there anyway.
4	Had to stay here when my flight got canceled.  The room was nice and clean.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The little food court was very good, the only thing was the wait, but they were busy doing room service too.  The only really bad thing I can say is the fact that there was a soccer tournament in town and the kids were running through the halls at all hours of the night!!
5	SOME of my rating is based on the fact that I got the rate through hotwire and got a super good deal ($39 for the night).  MOST of my rating is based upon the fact that the staff was friendly, the hotel was lovely and clean, and the cookies tasty.  I was really happy to see neutrogena mini-products.  Initially we were assigned a smoking double, but the front desk people were really sweet about putting us in a non-smoking king.  The room had a really nice LCD flat panel, it smelled (and was) clean-- just great.  It was a few minutes from the strip by car, but well worth driving to and fro.  The hotel was nice and quiet, and I really appreciated having a proper nights sleep.
4	So... although I was celebrating my 25th in Vegas.... and it was my first time- I have to say that I had a great time and I didn't stay on the strip. The staff is great and we were greeted with a smile and 2 warm cookies! There is a shuttle that runs to the MGM every hour- so that was quite helpful! Saved me and the BF about $60 in taxi fares. It'll run about $20 from the strip back to the D.T. They have an applebee's on site- pretty cool... especially when you don't want to pay to go anywhere... Although they did have a cafe in the lobby.... I didn't get a chance to check it out. Anywho- they have a nice workout room and small pool.... for the price and convienence- not bad at all!
4	Close to airport and nice rooms what more could you ask for?  What also is convenient is the courtesy shuttle to the strip.Nothing bad to write about this place.
5	Everything when well from upond check in to check out. great friendly customer service at check in. front desk new there location very well  when we asked her for unique breakfast locations. (tired of Ihop and dennys breakfast).. requested high floor away from elevator, and the  requested was granted!. free parking, free internet thumbs up!
5	I loved my stay @ this hotel. The staff was great, the service was the best & you can't beat the free WiFi. That within itself is one of the best reasons for staying there when 90% of the hotels in Vegas charge. The free cookie is also a bonus. It was great staying off the strip away from the hustle & bustle. Check-in/Check-out completely hassle free.Give them a try, you will not be disappointed
3	Definitely, not my first choice in Vegas but it will do.  I love that it doesn't have slot machines or the smell of smoke everywhere.  What I didn't like is the over powering smell of bacon in the mornings!  It was everywhere, it woke me up, it was in the halls, elevator and of course the lobby.  When I arrived at work my co-workers even commented that I smelled like it!  This is my first time here, so I can't say that it is a regular occurrence.  The location is good, close to 215, away from the strip, and plenty of parking!  Pool leaves a bit to be desired, but I enjoyed the gym!
4	Booked on Expedia so pretty straight forward. Check in was a 30 second deal that ended with warm cookies. Service was great overall - got a follow up phone call after special requests. Room was nice and cool/clean. Disappointed with the cafe downstairs though...
5	This Doubletree is located near the Las Vegas airport and in a residential area, so it is far from the strip. Since we had a car, we didn't have any issues. We stayed here on January 1, 2012 for $83/night. The price was one of the cheaper places to stay for that date. I've always loved the chocolate chip cookies that they give at the front desk. So delicious! Beware that the delivery of fresh cookies come after 9am. We checked out before 9am and didn't get to have cookies for the trip back home. The hotel had good amenities for the room. Loved the free wifi and no resort fee!!!! King size bed was comfy. There was also a coffee maker and Crabtree & Evelyn toiletries. Unfortunately, there wasn't a safe, microwave, or mini fridge in the room. The room didn't look old to me. I would stay here again.
4	Great Hotel, staff is friendly. Shuttle to airport. Not on strip if that is what you are looking for though.
5	I stayed here on a whim because I needed a place to stay in short notice and it was cheap.  I am seriously impressed with how nice this hotel is.  I was expecting a cheap motel type place to stay, but the Double Tree was actually nicer than a lot of 4 star hotels I've stayed at.  The rooms and amenities are spacious and tastefully designed and the customer service is on par with the hotel casinos on the strip.  I ended up sleeping in due to a long night and the staff in the morning had no problem with me staying til late in the afternoon.  The area around the hotel is nice and not ghetto like a lot of places off the strip.  Definitely keeping this place in mind if I decide to do Vegas on a budget.
4	Pretty good hotel, reasonable distance from the strip and easy access to the freeway.  The rooms are updated, clean, and roomy.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The views of the freeway and the strip is awesome!Tip is that you should book the room for the weekends here as the rates are very reasonable and book rooms at the casino during the weekdays when the rates are very low.
3	Breakfast isnt worth the price. Jerry in the restaurant is not very froendly. Sidarish on the other hand goes out of his way to please.
2	Not the great experience that I am used to at other Double Tree hotels. Shower did not work, and I had to request three times to have maintenance come a fix it. Calling the front desk often takes numerous phone calls. BUT, the location to the airport and the strip is very good, and the hotel is at least very clean.
3	A good choice for those with a car with them who don't feel a pathological need to be near "The Strip" when in Vegas (and I count as one of those).  And if you're heading out, it's conveniently close to the airport, even closer to the airport rental car centre, and virtually on top of the I-215 junction.It's a clean, well maintained, generic upper-mid market establishment, which doesn't charge the "resort fees" found in some competitors in the area, and includes the "nice to haves" like a pool, VOD, and in-room safe.Parking and WiFi are free.Two issues detract from me awarding a 4*:- The bar/lounge area are little more than extension of the lobby- The - relatively small - swimming pool is in a small fenced off enclosure, which makes it feel vaguely like a cage
5	A great hotel for business travelers! :)
4	When they say smoke free it really is! Because it's a stand alone hotel not connected to a casino, it is guaranteed 100% smoke free. Clean room, bathroom too. Soft, comfy bed. The breakfast buffet is not worth the $13 though but hey I made it worth it. I had the option to eat on site or take a box/plate to the room so I packed my box to over-flowing with sausage, bacon, toast and muffins, plus I had banana. I should've asked for to-go drink cup but oh well I only have 2 small hands. The bf paid for the room online and was guaranteed that we can check in after the Prince concert that ended around 115 am on a Saturday, then check out the following day (Sunday) and just be billed for 1 day, only to find out that the hotel would not honor the arrangement. After explaining the situation at front desk and waiting one hour for the change of shift we were allowed to check in with the original arrangement. Thank you Double Tree. And to get the famous warm and gooey chocolate chip cookie and free bottled water? Great deal all around.
1	I would give them 5 stars if we hadn't been treated so poorly on our last visit.  We've stayed here before; it's a good hotel at a fair price in a city of over-priced hotel rooms.  It is clean, smoke-free and the location isn't bad--close to the Strip but far enough away that it's quiet.  Now, the reason  I'm only giving it two stars.  On our last visit we were given a room that doubles as a meeting room.  It was a large room with a very large, handicapped accessible bathroom.  So far so good.  But...the queen bed was a Murphy bed.  There was no headboard, just 2 feet of open space between the back of the bed and the wall.  There was no way anyone could sit in bed and watch the flat screen tv or read in bed. The rest of the room consisted of a loooong conference table--at  least 15 feet--and one straight-back chair.  No comfy chair in which to sit and read or watch tv.  Then there was the mattress.  When my husband and I turned on for the night, I found it impossible to sleep because I kept rolling into the center of the bed--and into my husband--and I had to try to sleep on the outside frame.  I have a bad back and faced a 6 hour drive the next day on very little sleep and a lot of pain. This was one of the worst nights I've ever spent in a hotel, equivalent to the worst fleabag hotel you can imagine.  The next morning when I complained the staff response was, "Did you contact the front desk last night?"  Of course not!  It would have meant getting dressed, re-packing everything, moving to another room, then unpacking and getting ready for bed again, all in the middle of the night.  We never should have been put into that room to begin with; no one should ever be put into that room.  The hotel was far from bring booked at capacity; that room wasn't needed.  i expected better from the Doubletree, a hotel chain woth which i've always been satisfied.  Even the cookie couldn't make up for this disaster.
4	No complaints here. Nice room. Close to airport. No resort fee. Free cookie upon checkin.
5	Hotwire listed it for $91/night in south end of stripe and I would highly recommend. I think it is more a 4 star hotel compared to 3 star listed everywhere else. Highly recommend.
4	I always feel like I'm treated well at Doubletrees and this was no exception. Friendly staff, clean rooms, warm cookies... What more can you really ask for?!
4	Comfy beds, warm cookies upon arrival, no casino downstairs, parking near the entrance, free wifi, and it's a Hilton. If you catch a good price deal totally worth it. If you want to be away from the strip but close to the outlet stores this is a great place. Close to freeway entrances. Would stay here again definitely.
5	Conveniently located about 10 minutes from The Strip, this hotel was such a find! The two people we encountered at the front desk were super accommodating and friendly! I can't remember the young gentleman's name, but he was blond and kind of tall. And SO NICE! He checked us in and checked us out. The room itself was great. We had a king-sized bed in a non-smoking area. It was super clean and I loved that the restroom was super-stocked with towels! The room was quite large. At one point our room key didn't work, but the lovely woman who was cleaning the rooms let us in, she could not have been more friendly. She was worried at first that she would be busting in on someone else's room, but we assured her it was indeed ours and she swiped her key. She was so relieved and very happy to have helped. I'm so glad we stayed here. At first I was a little wary about staying off the strip but this Doubletree will be my go-to for Vegas trips in the future.
5	Great hotel. Very clean. The cookie was delicious. I'd go back.
5	Love the free shuttle service from/to the airport including drop off service to the strip.The chocolate cookies are like crack. :)
4	I really like this particular hotel. Mostly I appreciate it's location and fresh feel. the lounge area is a bit cramped but otherwise it's all good. I have always experienced great customer service here as well. A special shout out to Elise for taking care of my early arrival too. It was much appreciated!!
4	Super convenient location near the Vegas sport center. Thank gosh for the shuttle and it taking us too and from the outlets!! I'd definitely go again.
4	Thie review is for the PURE room. It was extremely clean and came with a fancy air purifier in the corner. To not have to ask for feathers and scents to be removed before hand, knowing what you are getting into is nice. Hopefully more hotels take this approach. This location is extremely close to the rental car centre and about 10 minutes from the Strip. There's no casino and it is really quiet. Used the gym it was servicable. I had gone through an ordeal getting to Vegas with delays and that cookie they gave me was the first thing I had eaten for 12 hours. Thanks Doubletree, I'd be happy to stay again.
5	Nice little hotel for the price. Nice clean pool, and 24 hour gym. Friendly staff and pretty large rooms. Very quiet both outside and inside your room especially. Beds are slightly stiff but pretty comfortable. I give those a 3.5 outta 5. They give you lots of pillows which is always a plus for me.Standard king rooms DO HAVE MINI FRIDGE BUT BUT NO FREEZER BOX INSIDE.Warm cookies at check in and a bottle of water. Free breakfast until 11 and always free wifi. Ample, on sight, FREE parking that seems well lite. Lots of BMWs and Mercedes parked in the lot. Seems like a nice, secure area. I would stay here again. Sure beats trying to deal with all of the over packed, over priced strip hotels. Easy to get to from the freeway.
4	The staff were quite friendly and very accomodating. The location is great if you like to be away from the strip. It's good for families.  Free cookies and parking to boot!
3	Parking in the back is good if you don't want to valet. Check in was pretty smooth and the free cookie was nice. Everything you expect from a hotel service was offered. When your review is less then 5 all you want to know is what went wrong. Well, not so much what's wrong but what was missing. Was there for business and working in the internet department of business, I could believe how shakey and slow the wifi was. No mini fridge so any food had to be consumed or tossed. Biggest thing that erked me was walking in from all the heat I went to look how to turn on the fan but ran into filling the filter out. WOW. disgusting. Put a pic so you guys could see how I walked into the room with it. Other then that and 12.99 for breakfast, everything else was to expectations.
1	I came to Las Vegas on business and scheduled my wife and 2 kids (Under the age of 4) to come stay the weekend with me while I was here. I decided to book us at the DoubleTree and boy was that the biggest mistake of this trip!As it turned out, my meetings were running late and she was going to be arriving an hour before I could get there. I called the hotel to put her name on the reservation so she could check in. That was an ordeal in and of itself. The next issue, having her be able to check in with me holding all of our cards. I spoke with the manager and his suggestion was to have her and my 2 kids go to the Applebee's in the same parking lot and wait there for me... ARE YOU SERIOUS? All he wanted to tell was about "policy". He slipped up and mentioned that if I were a gold, and not a silver with honors, this wouldn't be a problem. BS! Not only am I EXTREMELY displeased with the management group and their "policies" (even those policies apparently only apply to those that haven't reached a certain status) It seems it starts at the top here and works its way down to the employees at this DoubleTree. The room we were put in was leaking water from the ceiling all over my wife's suitcase. Whether we were put there on purpose by this pompus manager, or on accident, this is in NO WAY how I what I would expect in a Hilton property. Maybe I am delusional. I am sorry I chose HHonors as the program to be a part of.I made the hotel staff aware of the issue this morning (which is when we realized the issue) My wife initiated the room switch, which the staff was happy to help with. They apologized and told her they would put us in a nicer room with more amenities (i.e. refrigerator, rides etc) My wife settled into the new room they had assigned us to, moved both of our kids and all of our belongings only to realize, this room had NONE of the promised perks. In fact, we were taken off the HHonors floor (6th which is the highest) and put on the 2nd. THIS HOTEL, STAFF AND MANAGEMENT IS AN ABSOLUTE JOKE!!!!!
