1	I was a loyal customer for over 2 years. Recently, I had the owner replace straps on pair of sandals at a cost of $25. The repair 'looked' fine.  However, once I started to walk in the shoes, the straps would come undone causing me to literally walk out of my shoes.  I returned to the store a few days later and showed the owner the problem.  He said that this wasn't his fault and that it would cost me another $30 for a re-repair.  I was stunned.  I expressed my concerns about being charged a second fee and it wasn't until other customers started to overhear our exchange did he finally agree to do the repair at no charge.  When I returned to the store a few days later to pick up my shoes, I was told by the owner how he was out $30 since he did the work for free and that I was not welcome back in his store.  If you're looking for a shoe repair store with decent customer service, I urge you to look elsewhere.
4	I had 2 of my favorite shoes worked on there - both sets of heel tips needed to be replaced. Fast work, shoes look great. So happy to have them back.
1	I had high hopes for this place but my recent experience was terrible.  I brought in a pair of shoes for a cleaning and shine.  As an afterthought I asked to have them re-heeled as well.  I picked up the shoes and the heels were done but the shoes were filthy.  They had a black substance all over them that resembled haphazard polish.  The owner said he had buffed them but when I showed them the substance he went in back, rubbed it off, and then handed the filthy shoes back to me.  There are much better places to take your shoes if you care about the quality.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. They don't guarantee their work and treat their customers with absolutely no respect. I do not recommend anyone to go here. I had a purse lining stitched up but they didn't do all of it like requested. When I brought it back, he said it would cost me more money. the man argued with me and told me he wouldn't do anything unless I paid him more money. I highly recommend finding a different place to get any purses fixed. This place is not worth the disrespect you will get.
