5	So happy Stingray is here in Ahwatukee.  The place looks great and the service is excellent.  Everything is great from the Miso Soup to the Godzilla roll.  Definitely recommend.
4	Best Happy Hour in Ahwatukee. Keep the DJ,  great ambiance. Very simple and delicious rolls. The hibachi crudo is delightful and I suspect that all crudo options are the same. Stop putting random rocks from the rock decor around the driftwood on the plates. That's just weird.
5	love the vibes here. glad stingray came to chandler. the sushi selection around this area is subpar, stingray is going to change that! great happy hour and Sun day specials. I'm enjoying a whiskey right now. Noah and alyssa are awesome. great service! this will now be my local spot
4	This is a great place.  Good atmosphere, good food, decent prices, and friendly people. It's not the best sushi in Ahwatukee (Ginban is still number 1) but if you're in the area, this is a great place with chefs who know what they're doing and offer some creative options.
4	Just came in for happy hour. Love the moto Rolla. Great way to enjoy the flavors of the yellow tail, salmon and tuna without it being overwhelmed by Rice. It's wrapped in thin cucumber. Fresh and light but plenty of flavor. Yummmmm. It beautiful in here, so much attention to detail. Especially the lighting, lovely.
5	Great food, good atomphere, good service. Steaks are tender and tasty. Not a fan of Sushi but they have so much more they need to advertise that. My husband saw sushi and didn't want to go. Forget unity I had been there and convince him  that there was lots of things he would like and he did. A little hard to find but worth going can't wait to return. One of my favorite resturants top 10
5	Has a nice modern atmosphere with warm lighting and a little sushi bar hidden in the back. We had the large sushi boat and a bottle of wine with two bowls of miso soup and the bill was under a 100 dollars. So Pricing is descent and to top it all off service was excellent.
