5	Excellent service. Excellent breakfast, actually one of the best breakfast you can have in the Laval/Montreal area! Me and my girlfriend are regulars here.
1	PROS:1. My teas were what I expected. Simple genmaicha and paris tea. CONS:1. Horrendous service. It took us 20 minutes to receive 2 TEAS (putting a tea bag in a cup of hot water shouldn't take 20 minutes...)And when I let the barista know it was rather ridiculous he replied with: "You're not the only customers here.... next time you should go somewhere else."  I will indeed take his advice and never return. OVERALL:-Do NOT waste your time or money here.
1	I was hoping to find a quaint cafe that served a good breakfast in a central location. Well at least they got the location part down. The name cafe art java inspires thoughts of a cool cafe with a great local art scene connection. Ok, knowing that this place is in Centropolis Laval should have been a good tip to this not being the case. The decor and feel is industrial, and not the cool artistic industrial. The food, unfortunately is nothing worth eating. I had the much room omelet that was served with what I think was potatoes but looked more like a pile of something my dog coughs up in the night after eating too much grass at the park. Sorry Cafe Art Java I just can't find too much positive to say.
5	I am from Toronto and have visited this place on several occasions. I travel A LOT and always make a point to locate the best espresso bars and cages around where I am staying. When info to Laval, this is by far the best I have found. The lattes and such are wonderful and consistent. Finally had food there yesterday and was rather impressed. The service is fantastic, and I can't picture the poor service some others have mentioned. For the record, latte art refers to the latte and how the milk in poured, not art on the walls. If one doesn't know that I don't understand why they are there. Looking forward to next time I'm out that way. P.s. gotta try the cheese burger. WOW!
3	fairly standard as coffee shops go.  only had dessert and coffee, next time will try out the food.
4	I had a latte with art ( a tree I suppose ) it was delicious and I'm not a huge coffee lover. Had a Dante sandwich with the carrot salad , the sandwich was very good and tasted fresh and the carrot salad had dried up cranberries which made it sweet , I want to come back and eat here again !
