4	Finding a good barber or hairstylist that will cut your hair the way you want is hard. It's almost like try on shoes, you have to keep searching until you find the one. I've been going to TJ Hair Design for the last several years for my hair cut and I've been pretty happy with the result.  Base on my observations, it seems that only two gals really have the talents to cut hair, others should not even be cutting hair in the first plac. So next time you want to give TJHD a try, I recommend either My or Tiffany, either one will do a good job.
3	i been going there for 10yrs and mai the lady that cuts my hair,she can cuts some hair,you would think i should get a free hair cut for being faithful to TJ hair design,but nope.i only go there for Mai.
5	Mai she can fade some hair
5	I have been going here for about 2 years now. Tiffany is amazing! I have super long hair and whenever I go some place they end up chopping it off or not layering my hair properly. Tiffany makes sure to keep the length I desire with nicely blended layers!
3	Originally came in just for a trim but Tiffany convinced me to thin out my hair since I have so much of it. She also suggested that I add highlights since it's summer. I agreed so we went along with her plan. I liked my hair cut the first time. She thinned it out and added some layers but it wasn't too thin. I scheduled an appointment to come in that same week to get the highlights. When I returned, she decided to thin it out more. I trusted her judgement so I said okay. I didn't realize how thin she was going to make it! I feel like I have a mullet now. Maybe it's cause I'm so used to having such thick hair... I hate it now. I also can't curl my hair anymore cause the top is so poofy and the bottom is super thin. I've been telling myself it's just hair and it'll grow back. Hoping it'll be a quick process. The coloring was great however. I'm a huge fan of what she did to my hair. It took a bit to get used to but the highlights look nice. She toned it out after bleaching but there are some chunks that are uneven. I can spot out patchy pieces of copper color but most people can't tell so it's not a big deal.
