4	We are questing for decent dog parks close to home and decided to check this one out.  We had been to Sahuaro Ranch Park for a party at one of the ramadas.  The park is pretty nice, so we figured we would try the section for pooches.Best to access this park off 63rd Avenue.  There's a parking lot right by the entrance, which is always nice when you have a crazed beast or two looking to get inside to romp with new friends.  One of my boys weighs 90 lbs and the other weighs 25 but things he weighs 75, so we checked out the big dog side, where we found everyone from a Pomeranian to a Great Dane.  There are a few benches scattered around the park and agility pieces are set up along the west and north sides of the big dog enclosure.  The little one seems to have them scattered throughout.  We were there at night, but there are trees, so I'm guessing shade.My only complaint was not with the park, but as usual, the people.  Little kids running loose and grabbing at dogs; such a recipe for disaster.  Thankfully, my dogs like (or at least tolerate) kids.  I only know this because of the numerous times we've gone to DOG parks and encountered little kids.  That wasn't the reason for our early departure though.  That would have been the gentleman who arrived with two dogs, one of them a female in heat.  I know the dog was in heat because the woman who was not watching her small children was busy talking to this guy about the dog birds-and-bees while the poor girl dog was running around the park with a pack of male dogs right on her tail.  Dog in heat + dog sausage fest = bad news.
5	Great place to be in the evening.... Dogs are friendly... People are friendly... Some need to watch their children more and some need to watch their dogs... But Later in the evening it is very relaxing... Love this park!!!! We will be going everyday except Tuesday....
4	I love taking my dogs here! It's the perfect place for them to mingle and meet new dogs they aren't normally familiar with. I have a big 90 lb dog and a little puppy. They both love running around and chasing things or each other. My puppy is still getting used to socializing with people and other dogs. I brought him into the big dog area a few times and haven't had any issues until the the last time we were there, when a dog just wouldn't leave him alone and cornered him, started barking in his face and jumping towards him and back. Poor puppy was so frightened he peed all over himself. I was right there trying to push the other dog out of the way to scoop him up while the other dogs owner was just hollering for it to back off. I was able to get to my puppy then we went over to the small dog area while a few other people just commented saying things like he's so small, you should bring him to the small dog area, why are you bringing him here, etc., etc,. All the other dogs there were fine with him except the one dog. It's a little aggrivating, when I'm trying to train and socialize my dogs when others aren't watching their dogs. I wish there was a dog park closer to where I lived but I still love coming here and letting my dogs socialize and run around, I'm just more cautious than before.
4	Overall good park. Its pretty big in the big dog area. And too small in the small dog area. I have a mix retriver 4 months old that love to play with the big boys so no problem here ;). I also like the obsticals for the dogs. The dogs water fountain was dirty. Thats a problem. And also there is no signing to direct you to the park. But... We had a good time :)
4	Nice dog park.  Separate areas for large and small dogs.  Once in a while there is a bad owner (no bad dogs) who doesn't keep a close eye on their dog or pick up it's poop (There are scoopers and bags available so there is NO EXCUSE!) but overall most people obey the rules and its a fun crowd.
1	I live right by here and I used to go all the time til this older woman brought her shar pei and yelled at me for HER dog attacking my dog, because he was sniffing her feet. Obviously she didn't read that if your dog shows aggression you are to leave the park.  I have had better experiences at deer valley dog park.
4	I fairly enjoy this park. I brought my American Staffordshire Terrier and our Lab mix. The park is a bit small but its a good park. The park is clean and my main worry is the fact that when we go all the balls that are left over. (Who knows what some horrible people do to them). The other furbabies that come are very playful. Some dogs are aggressive and surprisingly they are really segregated especially when you have a pit sadly.
