2	Well this seems to be a growing trend in the "fresh, fast food" arena, quick Tex-Mex. Salsarita's is much like Subway with a Mexican twist. But I think there are plenty of other places that do what Salsarita's does much better.I would say both Moe's & Qdoba are the big boys that are better, but Phat Burrito beats them all. Anyways, Salsarita's is a quick stop for lunch with a fairly good meal at a good price. They have plenty of options, all being your typical Mexican foods, with burritos being the main hit.There are plenty of other better quick Tex Mex places than Salsaritas, but if you're close by then this could be a quick meal for a good price.
1	Just a note about the WORST service I have ever had at any of your locations and why I will NEVER go to Salsarita's again: I am a vegan so I loved the fact that I could always get something fresh and good at Salsarita's. Whether I was by myself or with my family, I most generally get the same thing every time. Tonight I went to the Rivergate Location, was immediately happy to see that it wasn't busy. In fact, there was just one couple in front of me.I ordered my food, then proceeded to the register. I was going to the movie tonight so I made sure I had plenty of time. I stood at the register for literally a minute to two minutes before the guy acknowledged me standing in front of him. He stood there throwing paper balls on the floor, telling one of the other associates that he was going to make him sweep it up.I read his badge, it said "Mr. Long". I remember thinking to myself, "Really? What is going on with this guy? I know he sees me standing here." Then he finally rings me up. I paid, but asked him if the prices had gone up. The price he gave me was two dollars more than it is normally. It was just two dollars, but I still wanted to know. He began to speak in a condensing manner, adding it all up as if I were five years old. I waited him to finish and said to him that was the issue. Everyone else, including management usually rang my meal up as a combo. "They are not supposed to! he yelled at me.  Again, I found myself wondering what the deal was. I told him, "ok ok...no problem, I will just talk to the manager about it." Then his face changed and he said "Who did you talk to?!?!" (At this point, it really seemed as if he was insinuating that I was lying.)I walked over to the drink machine to get my drink. Turned to him, "Sir, you guys are out of ice." No reply. I repeated myself, "Sir, you guys are out of ice." This time I could see that he was pretty much ignoring me due to fact that his was busy with what appeared to be reading and replying to text messages on this cell phone." Third time I slightly raised my voice, "SIR!, you guys are out of ice." This time he acknowledged me and yelled for someone else to get the ice.As a former retail manager....and as a former restaurant manager as well....this is completely unacceptable as customer service.It is not a matter policy. Again I could care less about the two dollar difference. It is about the service and the experience. The first strike was him playing with the paper balls at the register and ignoring me. The second strike was the condensing manner in which he spoke to me and the insinuation (whether perceived accurately or not)that I was lying. Lastly, the third strike having to darn near beg for ice. It was almost as if it was too much of a hassle to service me.Salsarita's will never EVER have to worry about me, my family, or any of my friends returning to Salsarita's at any location
3	Great spot for lunch...Nothing too fancy, but for the price it's a decent meal.  I had the pizza today with queso for the base and lots of cilantro, red onions and cheese...very good choice and a full serving for lunchtime!  Chipas and queso seemed to be pretty popular around us and service was good for an order at the counter kind of place.  Great go to for a quick bite...check it out if you are close by!
3	I haven't been to a Salsaritas in a while, so I thought I would renew my experience. This is one of those places where they assemble it in front of you, sort of like a Subway of burrtos. They also offer quesadillas, tacos and salads. The Mexican pizza is something I've not seen at other places.Otherwise, it's the same as other places. Chicken, beef, pork, etc. Guacamole, salsa, other veggies and the same.The seating area in this one is interesting. It's more cantina-like with the usual booths and tables, but also a small bar area with a half-dozen seats there. Plus some seats outside.It's okay, but I prefer the salsa bar that they have at Moe's.Warning: The chips and salsa/queso are extra. It's a clever upsell, since they ask if you want salsa or queso and you might not be aware that it's a combo. But the chips I had were good. Nice and crispy with the right amount of salt.
2	Stopped in at the Salsarita off of S Tryon to grab a quick bite to eat.  I haven't been in here in awhile but I remembered that they charged extra to get sauteed vegetable on my chicken nachos, which is what I usually order.  O-kay so first off it's kinda a full house. The line is long but it's moving.  First thing is first, please do not try to take my order if I'm not up there to actually see you apply it to my food.  Salsarita is like Subway and you tell them what you would like to go on you tacos/nachos/or whatever it is that you order.  So how am I suppose to tell you what I want when I'm at laest three people behind and not even up there to look at the choices.  I had to repeat myself so many times that I was starting to forget if I had actually told them to add this or that.  Then they charge for every little thing now.  It was extra for my vegetables, extra for the queso, extra for the black beans...I don't want plain nachos!When you get up there to pay that was also a nightmare.  They started off by trying to give your food to other people, because like I said you're taking people's order who aren't even up to the glass yet so once they do get up to the right spot, their food is at the cash register...not feeling it.  I don't like my food just sitting there so strangers can breathe all over it after you keep trying to hand them the wrong thing.  Once it was my turn to pay; for me and my bf (who also got a chicken nacho) and one soda, we were looking at a little over $20.00 dollars!  WTHI paid took my food to a table and then noticed that one of the servers, the one who kept asking me if I wanted "Queso?" and me telling her that she has already put some on mine, had litterally drenched the chips with queso cheese so they were soggy...not one dry chip anywhere.Needless to say it will be awhile before I come back here...IF I ever do.  I can make better nachos at home n e way :(
2	Slow service ! The food is ok , it's like chipotle but less portion and not as tasty.
3	We ate here about 1 pm on Sunday, 7.27.14.The food was good - I had the Quesarita... the queso was a bit cold but it was otherwise good.  The young guy who took our order had a great attitude and suggested menu items.  The guy who took our money (looked to be a manager because of shirt) had zero personality - not friendly.  The dining room was busy and pretty dirty.  There were splashes of drink or something on the wall/pictures beside of the booth we ate in; I will go back, but probably for take out.
5	Tried all the burrito places recently and find this one the best! Pricing seems to be the same across the board. The food here is tasty, not burnt like at others and a great amount of it.Service was fast and friendly and it was a lunch rush!Quality AND quantity here!!Fresh Chips and queso awesome... Chipotle doesn't do queso! What? ?
5	Another great visit! Fast and courteous staff. Walk in to a line but moved quickly. Everything tasted great and so much couldn't finish it all!Well done, see you again soon!
4	We don't have a QDoba near by so this is the closest I can get to that. It's good, but more expensive than QDoba.
