1	Can not recommend at all.  The overall organization and punctuality of this office leaves much to be desired.  I have made several appointments and shown up on time--only to wait 30min or up to 1hour AFTER my scheduled appointment time until been seen.  This is unacceptable.  Even if you are a repeat client (which I was) and have all paperwork on file (which I did) you still have to deal with delays.  Lord only knows how long the newbies wait.Once you are fortunate enough to see the doctor, I can't say it gets any better.  I once had a doctor complete my exam--tell me she was coming back to explain test results and have post exam talk... then never show up again!  Outrageous. Save yourself the headache and find a more professional team.
1	I would have to agree with the negative reviews of this office.  It is very poorly run.  The staff is not helpful at all and are way too busy to acknowledge your properly  -  the nurses are terrible.  I used to go to Dr. Spieldoch which is the only reason I have stuck with this practice for so long. Dr. Spieldoch has left and I had to see Dr. Wilson...NOT a good experience.  Dr. Spieldoch had WONERFUL bedside manner, always made me feel comfortable, always acted as though she remembered me year after year (even though I saw her once a year).  Dr. Wilson was VERY cold and acted as though I was inconveniencing her as a patient. I will never ever go back and would never recommend this place or Dr. Wilson to anyone. The worst patient/Dr. experience I have ever had.  I wish I knew where Dr. Spieldoch was.
1	I do not recommend this office. Their follow up on test results is terrible, then you can't get answers. Questions during my appointment go unanswered because I'm rushed out the door so quick. I have been going to this office for 4 years and it's gotten progressively worse. I had a hysterectomy there 3 years ago that continues to cause me problems that I'm trying to get looked at elsewhere. Then to top it off, I just found out that they want $25 for me to pick up MY records!!
1	Cannot recommend this office. I agree with the other reviews. I have been going to this office for around 7 years. I have seen two different doctors in this time. The first one I did like, however she retired. My current doctor - I would like to give her the benefit of the doubt that she was just busy the last few times I saw her. Needless to say, I definitely felt rushed and she seemed eager to move on to the next patient from the moment she came in the room. I felt like the office ran on a conveyor belt. Feeling like a inconvenience in an already uncomfortable environment does not encourage a return visit. The 'already uncomfortable environment' refers to the front office staff. It is hard to professionally sum up my experience in the 7 years I have been a patient here... Speaking generally, they have been very rude and uncompassionate (which always baffled me as I used to believe that people chose healthcare because they liked helping other people). I honestly cannot say that I have ever experienced such an unfriendly front office staff in a doctors office than at this one. The M.A. I was checked in by the last few times was also unfriendly and argumentative. I believed in the name, history, and experience I heard associated with this office - this is what kept me coming back despite the unfriendly environment. I do not believe this is the same office that was once so highly regarded. I will not be returning to this practice. I'm glad to read the reviews and know that I am not alone in the experiences I have had here.
1	The only reason I've continued to go to this office was for Peggy DeCarolis.  She is (or was) completely, undeniably the best part of this office.  Now she's no longer there.  She was probably too nice and thorough and caring for this office.  They won't give you any info on where she went either which is kind of weird.  The few times I did actually see Dr. Wilson I had to wait about an hour.  And the appointment took about 10 mins each time.  She did not act like she gave a rat's ass about me or my problems.  One time for a consult she basically told me to do what I wanted to do...the whole reason for the consult was to get her obviously-more-educated-than-I-in-gynecology-department opinion.  Ugh.  Whatev.Now I have to find a new gynecologist.  Peggy where are you?!??!!
1	Would definitely not return!  I wanted to like this place, but the office is terribly run!  I could not get answers for over a month of calling multiple times per day, leaving messages, etc.  My primary Doctor got so frustrated trying to get test results that he told me please never go back.  His whole staff couldn't believe what a nightmare this place was/is.
1	This women is completely rude  ! I went to see her for a consultation regarding a uterine fibroid. As I was seated in her office she walked right passed me without saying a word and had a seat behind her gigantic desk. She continued to review my chart without any acknowlegement that I was in the room. Without any introduction she proceeded to tell me that I had a fibroid and needed a hysterectomy. When I attempted to ask about other options she was very dismissive of me and said nothing else will work. Next thing I know I was shuttled into the surgery schedulers office to schedule a surgery. Since I did not get a good vibe from this women at all I decided to get another opinion. The second OB/GYN said that a hysterectomy was too aggressive for the size of the fibroid and dicussed other options with me. I am so glad that I got another opinion.However one good thing about this office was  Robin Parry the nurse practitioner . She was very nice and professional.
1	First visit was fine, everyone treated me professionally and with respect. while trying to gather information about my records and make a follow up appointment i was greeted by Kayla with an unprofessional tone and an accusation. Its frustrating enough dealing with a life altering health condition, but to be met by a representative of your health care provider with this attitude and lack of care is unbelievable. Thought maybe this was a fluke so i tried again, only to be met with a similar attitude... there are other options, my recommendation is to try somewhere else.Dr Wilson this person is a representative of your professional practice, is this the image you are trying to portray?  disrespected, and disregarded.
2	After two visits to this office, I called it quits.  The first time was to see her colleague who has since departed the practice.  I actually met the doctor in her office first, rather than in the exam room.  Clothed!  Me, not her.  Well both of us actually.  I did find the check-in process inefficient.  They give you a clunky electronic tablet to complete what is normally done on paper.  But you don't complete all your information on the tablet.  Instead, they rattle off a bunch of instructions about which parts to skip because they collect some of your info on paper.  I couldn't remember what she said by the time I got to that part.As I specifically chose a physician that did not practice obstetrics hoping to minimize all the scheduling problems created by uncooperative fetuses, I was surprised by a long wait.By the time I needed to return, that physician had left the practice.  For "convenience," I asked to see Dr. Wilson.  I was scheduled with a nurse practitioner, Robin, instead.  Robin was fantastic, and I can only say good things about her.Unfortunately, I cannot say the same for the staff.  I was not advised that I would be seen at a different office than my previous visit.  The receptionist was about as unprofessional as it gets.  She couldn't even speak to me because she was too busy eating a Snickers bar.  Several employees spent more time laughing and talking hair color than actually working.  But at least they were getting paid to waste time.  I had another 45 minute wait.  When I was finally freed, the Snickers spokesperson watched me wait to check out at the back counter for at least 5 minutes before she asked if I needed help.  But my chart wasn't where it should be, so even that was delayed.    So 5 stars for Robin and 1 star for everything else.  If you do decide to take your chances and want to see Dr. Wilson personally, confirm who you are scheduled to see.  Both times I called asking for an appointment with Dr. Wilson, but was not scheduled with her.  I am beginning to think she doesn't exist.
5	I like meeting Robin in her office instead of the exam room, I hate the feeling of being a half naked lab rat discussing female issues with a stranger. I've had a handful of appointments here and have always been pleased. The wait is never horrible and Robin is great, very easy to talk to, she's very warm and inviting. It's no lie if you go see Dr. Wilson you will wait, there's no doubt about it. But, what people fail to realize is she will never rush through a surgery to make sure those with an appointment aren't waiting. When it's your turn she will give you the best care possible. I'm not the biggest fan of their support staff but they've never been rude, they just give off a vibe you're bothering them when you are checking in/out.I'd let my mother come here, that's how confident I am in this office.
5	As noted by many,  Dr.  Wilson is outstanding,  but the office staff consistently leave something to be desired.   While I have encountered some friendly and professional staff members, such as Danielle (wonderful!) ,  that is the exception.  I find Dr.  Wilson to be exceptionally thoughtful,  compassionate and skilled.   I would not have considered another surgeon for my needs,  and have recommended her to several close friends.  I have a new lease on life thanks to the compassionate and thorough care Dr.  Wilson has provided.   For that reason,  I tolerate the rude staff I would otherwise never put up with.
1	I know that some People really love Dr. Wilson. That is why I went to her in the first place. I have tried to wait awhile before reviewing this, so my anger would cool down.Some people that work in her office are nice. Especially one of her nurses.I cannot remember her name,but she is older and blonde and perhaps German. She is the best person that works there.The rest that work there all act as if they are doing you a favor by being there.The worst is Shannon. She is beyond rude!I had surgery with Dr. Wilson about 6months ago now. I had the worst treatment of my medical life from this Shannon. Everyone I have ever talked to about this and has had dealings with her has said the same thing.My pain medication was never discussed just given to me (in prescription). When I asked about not having heavy pain meds, Just perhaps a relaxer. She actually started raising her voice to me and refused to explain anything.When I did have the surgery, I went to the Piper Center. They were wonderful Thank you Jesus. I do not know what I would of done if everyone had treated me the way I was treated at Dr. Wilson's office. After my Surgery, the Dr. did not speak to anyone in my family about it. To say if I was dead or alive, nothing. They were all there in the waiting room.They saw her sail out the door and never return.Not only did she not come to see me and check on me in the hospital the next day, she sent no one.When I asked the nurses when the DR. was coming so I could go home. They said she is not, she does not do it that way.No one ever came to see me, no one ever called me, or emailed ,or sent a letter, Nothing! I had a serious surgery as well.My dentist called me the day after a crown to make sure I was alright!When I went back to her 6 weeks later, I said no one ever came to see me, or call me to see if I was alright. She (the Dr.) said we do not do it like that.I understand that she is good at what she does, but no bed side manner here at all. Her staff is the same way. They treat you as if you are a Welfare case. Which of course I am not, everything was paid for in full.     But, no one should be treated this way for any reason.Before I was even dressed from the exam, they were in the room preparing it for the next Victim. That happened 2 times! On 2 separate visits! I am not kidding about that at all. Just walked in the room 2 of them with the door open and started getting it ready.I do not care how good you are, you cannot treat people like this. I would NEVER recommend this office to anyone. You would have better treatment at the VET!
1	Never.....again, this office is so rude and unprofessional that I'm more mad at myself for not checking Yelp before making my appt. If I could leave negative stars I would, this came as a recommendation of a coworker, huge mistake - they'll never get my business again.
1	Office staff talks snarky behind your back. Was waiting in back for my patient room and heard them saying mean things about another patient. Not cool.
1	With new insurance  I went to my annual check up. I have been going here since 2008, meeting with Robin ( who is wonderful). At the counter I found out that they didn't take my insurance, made no apologies for not taking it, and said they lost the contract with my provider. I gave them all of my information well ahead of time, but apparently no one bothered to verify that they were still going to take my insurance until I learned about this face to face at the counter while checking in. It was almost 2 weeks before I was able to talk to Sandy, the office manager, who was defensive about my jilted appointment, and made no apologies for their actions. When she returned my call, she remained silent at the other end, and I finally asked her for an explanation to the incident, and for her to talk to me!!!! She said they do not have the time to verify insurance plans, and that burden of responsibility falls on to the patient. I gave her a valid solution to remedy this, which was dismissed. Sandy was rude, defensive, arrogant, and belligerent. If she was smart, she would have defused the situation by apologizing for my inconvenience, and explaining why it happened in a sweet-good-customer-service-kind-of-way, right at the start. She could have offered to take my suggestions as food for thought, Instead her tone of voice was apathetic, and dismissive, and she interrupted me in mid sentence, so often, I never got a chance to finish my point. She was one of the rudest office managers ( people) that I met in quite a while. I will never go back to this office again. First rule of customer service is to hear out the customer, and find a solution or explanation that is logical. Char at the front counter was also rather indifferent and asked personal questions about my insurance in a public forum. I did not want to engage with a waiting room of others to hear. I am glad yelp is here to let others know to stay away from this bad experience. There many other better choices available!
1	My wife was having some serious issues, so I went with her to see Dr. Wilson. We waited in an odd hallway until someone shuttled us into a giant office with a massive desk. In walked Dr. Wilson with wild hair with sparkles (??) in it. She ignored me and my wife--looked at wife's chart from computer on massive desk. Finally she said her only option was surgery and it was clear one does not question Dr. Sparkle. Look, I get you're a great surgeon (as the medical community states--FYI you never know who patients are in your office and who they may know) but people are h-u-m-a-n-s first not just paychecks for procedures. We left and found another doc and were happy we made that choice. Bedside manner is first and foremost, good doctor.
1	Dr. Wilson is awful. I read the review of the person who had a hysterectomy there 3 years ago and is still having issues. . Well join the club I'm 1.5 years post op from her butchering hands and I had to have a second surgery by another doctor. I'm better but still have pain. They removed non dissolvable stitches that she uses and a hematoma. She is awful. Run don't walk away from this doctor!!
1	WORST EXPERIENCE I'VE EVER HAD!!! went in for a simple infection- the nurse I saw immediately told me I had an STD -before EVER sending anything out to be checked. Then proceeded to question me if I was cheating on my husband and told me that I should question my husband as to whether or not he's cheating on me. I left that office sobbing. Needless to say, my results came back and were 100% fine was a simple infection. SO UNPROFESSIONAL  and I wouldn't dream of ever stepping foot in that office again! Nor would I ever tell anyone to be seen there!  I can't imagine the people's lives that have been negatively impacted by this place if this was my FIRST experience & only. God bless those that have stuck with this practice- I hope none have had the experience I did.
1	This is the iciest office I have ever been too. The office staff are terrible and rude. It is true that they will talk about you while you're standing there! It's happened to me! If you're looking for a good doc/PA with no bedside manner, this is the place for you. Dr. Wilson may be good at what she does but she is just as icy to her patients. The worst part is the emails about the animal rescue she's involved in. I finally had to be taken off the mailing list.I've been going to this office for 13 years and after my last appointment which left me in tears, called it quits.
5	I would like to specifically review Dr. Alexandra Kidd. I have been to her for a couple of years now and I must say that she is one of the best experiences that I have had with a GYN. She is very knowledgeable; tells you the facts in layman's terms and is approachable and warm. She personally calls with test results, instead of sending you to the automated system. She is usually on time for all appointments and does not leave you waiting unnecessarily. Once she comes in, she is not rushed in any way. I feel like I am talking to a friend with an advanced medical degree. This practice is very lucky to have her! Laurie Malone
1	I have been a patient at Dr. Wilson's office for the last several years and have had no issues until recently.  This past June I called to schedule an appointment due to missing my period for 2 months.  I explained that I had already taken several home pregnancy tests and they were all negative, so I wasn't sure why I was missing my period.  The scheduler suggested that I come in for an ultrasound and blood work.  I was then scheduled for the following Thursday.When I arrived for my appointment, I was told there was no ultrasound tech available on Thursdays.  The nurse practitioner then asked me a few questions to try to understand what could have caused me to miss my period totaling 5 min.  I was not offered any blood work nor did I receive an exam, and when I asked about the ultrasound she said I should have "never been scheduled on that day."As I was leaving the office, the nurse practitioner proceed to reprimand the front desk in front of me telling them I was expecting and ultrasound and that I "should have never been scheduled."  I recently had a pap smear; therefore an exam was not necessary.I then received an invoice for my visit that day and was shocked because I wasn't given an ultrasound or blood work which I was scheduled for.  Furthermore, when I called to dispute the invoice the Office Manager told me the nurse practitioner documented that I had an exam that day which was false.  When I told her I didn't receive an exam she asked if I wanted to speak directly with the nurse practitioner to resolve the issue.  I told her that I didn't feel comfortable and she said she would call me back to let me know what the resolution was.That was the last time I heard from the Office Manger.  I have made several attempts to contact her and even then wrote a letter to further dispute the invoice but haven't received any response.  All I keep getting are additional invoices.  They are very unprofessional and my next form of action will be to contact my Aetna representative to file an official complaint.
