5	The man needed a dress shirt to go with the suit he brought for tonight's event and lo and behold, we spotted this place and didn't have to deal with Arrowhead Mall.We walked in to a sea of young men getting fitted for their prom attire and a salesmen immediately approached us-grateful to see a few crows feet I am sure.He was great-non pushy and helped us get a shirt and tie that was needed. He even steamed the shirt for us so we didn't have to deal with it ourselves.$75.00 and not a single problem or waiting in line with all the "boys". Great service and EASY!!!
2	I am changing jobs and stopped in to get some ideas for slacks and a possible suit.  The salesman, Iva, greeted me, promptly measured me, and showed me some pants.  I informed him that I had no plans to purchase today. He had me try on some pants to check for sizing and promptly started marking the pants for tailoring.  I then reminded him that I was not purchasing today and he said "oh..."  After having me change back into my clothes, he disappeared.  He dropped me so fast, it was unbelievable.  I saw he was helping someone else so I asked one of the men that does the tailoring how long it usually takes, and left the store.I then realized that the salesmen, are just that, salesman.  I felt like I was buying a car, when I told them I was not buying today, they dropped me flat.  I will probably go in again when I need some slacks tailored because I know they do a professional job (I have a suit from them).  I was just frustrated with this experience because of how I was treated.
3	Some of the best customer service I've received in a long time, even for accessory purchases such as socks.  They seem to always have my sizes, which is something I cannot say for the department stores at the mall.  My only complaint is that most of the shirts I have bought here started to fall apart after a few months of use - the worst involved the shirt splitting at the crease under the arm, and it occurred merely while tucking in the dress shirt.
2	Men's Wearhouse is a clean store with curteous clerks.  To bad they aren't diligent in their jobs.  Twice we've rented from them for events and each time there were numerous mistakes.  For the most recent event we had I ended up with scuffed shoes, no socks, and no suspenders.  My friends had numerous problems with their rentals as well.   My best advice if you decide to use them is "renter beware" and make sure everyone for your event checks their rentals to make sure that they have everything and it all matches.  In their defense, Men's Wearhouse is very polite and apologetic about their mistakes but after two events where they got things wrong, giving them another chance is a tough sell.
4	My son got married this month and they chose Men's Wearhouse because it had locations everywhere people were coming from.  These folks know what they are doing.  The whole process of measuring, picking up and returning takes 3 visits.  They have their system down so well that the 3 visits can occur at 3 locations if need be without a hitch.  I happened to do all three here even though the wedding was in San Diego.  Every time I was in and out quickly.  Only needed a couple of adjustments when I tried the suit on at pickup.  None of the wedding party had any real issues even though we dealt with a total of about 6 stores.  The only thing I would change is making the return the second day ofter the event rather than the next day.
5	My wife and I have been in at least 3 time and each time we spend way more than we originally wanted to.  This is a testament to the quality of both the clothes and the service we receive.We went in this past Monday night to get me a new suit since I have recently lost about 35lb's and they were having their Buy One Get One sale.  We were helped by Nathan D.  The store was busy but Nathan did a great job of juggling us and two or three other customers.Ended up leaving having purchased 2 suits, 2 suit coats, 2 pairs of jeans, 2 dress shirts, 2 belts and 2 packs of dress socks.When we got home we realized that the 2 sport coats weren't rung up "Buy One Get One".  I called the next day and spoke to Trevor who turned out to be the store manager.  He took a look at the receipt on the computer and immediately refunded the money for one of the sport coats and thanked me for doing business with them.This store is clearly being lead by managers that understand customer services and it is a pleasure to shop, and spend way too much money, there.
5	I usually don't like the Men's Warehouse, but every now and again you find some great deals.  The first hurdle is to find a good Men's Warehouse.  I like this location as my favorite.  My second favorite is the one in PV and Tatum and Shea (NW corner).  The one on Happy Valley in Noterra and the one at Happy Valley and Lake Pleasant Parkway are not so good has been my experience.  The trick to buying a suit at Men's Warehouse is to buy brands only.  You will find some amazing deals on Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren.  Both these suits are my favorite by way of fit and comfort.  I've been wearing them since I was in my teens.  They just lay better and feel better to me - but you may be different.  I scored a deal on BOGO sale, so I got both a Calvin and a Lauren (2 suits) for about $700.  That's a steal..If that's above your budget, you could find suits as cheap as $199-$250 - but you get what you pay for.  If you need the occasional suit for just weddings and funerals, then that might be the way to go.  If you wear a suit every day, then forget it.Shirts are pretty good too.  They have a wide selection of colors, style, and sizes - all reasonably priced.  Same goes for ties.   I would stay away from shoes.    My life lesson has been be mindful of what touches you and the Earth - shoes, mattresses, tires, carpeting - always "buy up" on these items and spend the extra money.  Their quality of shoes is sub-par.When at this location - ask for David Croes.  He's the best.  If you know nothing about suits, colors and the difference between gingham or hounds tooth, or what fused or sewn means or a window pane from a chalk stripe - then be honest and guys like Dave will set you straight.  Can decide which suits have cuffs and which don't?  Guys like Dave will know.  The way to size up a good salesman is just by walking in the door, they should be able to physically size you up and know if you're a 46 long or a 48 short.   If they don't, find a guy with a few gray hairs and is wearing a suit.
1	All of the tuxes for my wedding, including mine, were wrong and needed major adjustments. The staff doesn't care and leaves you standing around waiting for help. I would not recommend them for a tux rental.
4	I have passed by this place multiple times and finally decided to check it out and see if I could find another suit.  I dealt with Alyssa amd she did an amazing job.  She was very friendly, had me try own different styles and was prompt.  I was able to get my suit ordered and tailored without issue.  Only thing I  didnt like is I had to order a shirt at the same time as the suit, few days later the suit came in but no shirt yet.  Suit wemt in for tailoring, suit is now ready and shirt is still not here.  It should not take this long to get a simple button up in.Outside of that I will continue to shop here.
1	Every single Tux for my wedding party was the wrong size.  My husband's Tux pants were about 10 inches too short.  Shirts were wrong, jackets were wrong. We had to correct the sales clerk several times about pick up date and location.  Considering this, it doesn't really surprise me that the measurements were all wrong too.
1	Men's Wearhouse is the DMV of suit rentals...You're immediately judged, spoken to condescendingly, and given rushed, careless service. The tux I rented for $130 was not-so-kindly referred to as "The Box" by the salesman. The fit was (after all) quite terrible, which I suppose served as a comical conversation piece throughout the wedding. In the end, if you don't stand behind your product, why rent it? Will not be back, if at all possible. Ever.
