1	I was having a problem with my pit bull and I needed to bring it back to the rescue.  The large breed coordinator, Toni, was extremely harsh to me and degraded my character as a pet owner and then, actually recommended that I have the dog put down.  She even went so far as to provide me with a phone number to a veterinarians  office where I could have my dog put down.  Coming from a "no-kill" rescue, I was appalled that their coordinator would actually suggest such a thing, especially after taking the time to personally tear me down and degrade my character as a dog owner over the phone.  Completely unprofessional.It is challenging enough of a time to ultimately come to the decision to return my beloved dog to the "rescue" but then to be treated this way was just completely unacceptable.  What makes these "rescues" think that they can treat people in such a way?I will escalate the matter higher through the organization but thought others might benefit by NOT going to this rescue.  Especially be aware of :Adoptions-Large Breed Only Toni-602-686-4158  Email: azbullygirl@q.comToni Cerepanya
5	If you want an amazing dog, adopt one from this rescue! I adopted one a couple years back and was amazed at the demeanor and behavior of our new family member. I was so impressed that I decided to give it another shot. We got a second dog from Little Rascals and found the same to be true for this one as well! I visited the boarding facility and saw the amount if love that Toni gives to her guests. She is a class act and I have nothing but great things to say about her and the rescue. I'd recommend them to anybody!
1	I had a very similar negative horrible experience as prior reviewer "Rudy S." in the past couple months ago..."...especially after taking the time to personally tear me down and degrade my character as a dog owner over the phone.  Completely unprofessional.It is challenging enough of a time to ultimately come to the decision to return my beloved dog to the "rescue" but then to be treated this way was just completely unacceptable.  What makes these "rescues" think that they can treat people in such a way?" I literally have not run into such a more degrading horrible human being as unpleasant and rude as Toni. We were misled and not given the full true facts regarding the background and home environment of the dog we had adopted, and ended up needing to give the dog back due to aggression and unfriendliness towards our other dogs. Toni not only made this the most unpleasant experience since giving back a dog is emotional enough, but she also degraded our characters as pet owners. She claimed we were liars since she "has not even seen this dog bark", let alone have aggression. We tried to inform her for the sake of the dog our observations to help her with future adoption so the dog would get the best loving forever home, but she is so closed off and not understanding. And the "partial" refund back within the 10 days allowed to see if a dog works out was $50 out of the $200 (which Toni insisted she didn't have to give back ANYTHING due to us giving back a dog, so we should feel lucky she's being nice to give us anything at all...when it's clearly stated a partial refund is given in the contract.) She is not to be trusted...when it was not in the best interest of the dog to stay with us, she would not be flexible to meet for the health of the dog to be returned back...she insisted she was sure "it's not like we are abusing the dog." She obviously is in it for the money and definitely not for the sake and health of the dogs. We wanted to check back and make sure the dog was okay and has found a loving forever home, but with such an unpleasant experience we wanted nothing more to do with Toni. She's not a good person and does not have the dogs best interest at heart either. STAY FAR AWAY!
1	My boyfriend and I went to look at a couple dogs for this rescue at the petsmart adoption day. While petting a dog, I accidentally called the dog a him when she was female. Wow. The sarcasm from the woman holding the dogs leash. She then then talked to another volunteer about how other people keep making the same mistake. Here's a hint. If someone looks interested in your dogs, maybe you should engage them and tell them about the dog, not make fun of them. The only ones really suffering in this situation are the dogs that won't find good homes due to the rudeness of the rescue. Sad!
