1	Over the last 10 years I have had several misc. home delivery subscriptions with the Arizona Republic (yes I am one of the dinosaurs that still likes to feel the paper in my hand each morning PLUS the COMICS man the COMICS!)The last 2 subscriptions have been met with nothing but billing issues, missed deliveries and missing coupons.I have had 2 negative experiences with the Republic when it comes to cancelling a subscription and still getting billed- which have led me to no longer want home delivery from them ever again. Receiving a refund for this faulty billing requires no less then hours of emails, phone calls, at least 1 hand written snail mail letter, and the promise of your first born as a paper delivery boy. (ok so the last one was a exaggeration but still)When we moved from a home in Gold Canyon in Dec of 2009 we cancelled a month to month subscription until we got settled into our new place (we did not want the paper going wasted)  I was asked what day I wanted the cancellation effective and I told them "immediately." The very next day we stopped getting the paper delivered to our home- However the following month the charge was automatically deducted from our account. After several phone calls I eventually hand wrote a letter and mailed it to the Republic- A month later we got a refund and an apology letter.In November of 2010 I joined Coupon$ense and through their AZ Republic vendor started a new subscription that included 3 Sunday papers each week (plus a W, F and Sat paper) Since I only needed the coupons in the Sunday paper (and they are supposedly gtd to be in only home delivery papers and not those on the rack) I felt trapped into this excessive subscription. The waste eventually got to me and I  left the Coupon$ense program-(another review to come shortly!) I was told by Coupon$ense that I had to cancel my Republic subscription personally separately (even though they were the ones that set it up and never gave me an account number) -Regardless of the fact that I had an email from the Republic with my subscription information (minus an account number) when I called to cancel, my account could not be located.  Finally after 3 different customer service reps-someone was able to locate my account and cancel it.  The next day I got an email confirming that the cancellation had been processed and we stopped getting papers.2 days later the monthly subscription fee was automatically deducted from my bank accountSee the pattern here?My advise- skip the home delivery and take a jog down to QT on Sunday mornings to get those bright colored comics and just check to be sure the paper you pick up as a stack of coupons in it. It will save lots of money and hassle.
1	See the review below, everything they said is true and applicable to my account with them as well.  Also, the only way to cancel a subscription is to call, and they only answer the phones between 7am-12pm.  That is, if they answer them at all.  And don't call on a cell phone, the minimum hold time is 30 minutes. Once you get your subscription cancelled and the billing straightened out (which took about of 5 months in my case and resulted in me just cancelling my debit card and getting another one), you can look forward to being hounded night and day by their reps, asking why you cancelled and if you're interested in renewing your subscription.  I moved out of state and for FIVE YEARS they kept calling me every two weeks asking me to renew my subscription.  I kept telling them that I wasn't even in the state and two reps actually suggested that I subscribe anyway.  Seriously?!!?
1	I'll go ahead and throw my hater hat in the ring as well.  We cancelled our subscription for three reasons:1. Inconsistent delivery.2. The content is drivel.  It reads like a children's book report more often than not.  Thanks, Gannett!3. Children's book report drivel available online for free.
1	This is the worst delivery service I have ever had. Five of the last six  Sundays have been missed. I keep  calling because we like to get a Sunday paper, but feel this is a war between the delivery person and me. They must be trying to get me to cancel, and I probably will. I wish there were another paper to get out here in Cottonwood. TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE experience!
1	Today we tried to change our subscription - which we'd paid for under some sort of special package - so that we reduced to Wednesday/Sunday delivery. This is partly due to the passing of my father under whose name the subscription is listed. Thomas, the customer service rep, was incredibly blase and rude. Not only did he patronize me and fail to try to work with me on the phone, but he refused to put me on the phone to his supervisor stating that there was nobody to direct my call to (after having said that he had just spoken to his supervisor). AT that point, I asked him if we could find out how long the subscription went. He hemmed, hawed and generally didn't want to answer the question. I clearly stated, "We would like to discontinue our subscription after it runs out. Can you please tell me when the delivery will end?" He finally told us the date - May 2013. Thank god. Awful customer service. DONE. Folks, get your news online or from another source; they are not worth your money. Good luck Thomas, maybe you'll find your calling in something that doesn't require being polite and professional on the phone (and enunciating; it sounded like you were drunk and laughing at me the entire time I tried to make my simple requests.)
1	Some of the worst customer service of any public company.  I get this rag for the ads.  One of the poorest examples of a newspaper in the US.  But very typical of the Gannett organization.
1	The worst marketing company i have ever worked with.   After paying over $3000 and receiving 2 calls I told them to stop any further advertising.   They did stop the advertising but did not stop the billing another $1500 for nothing!   The sales rep guaranteed they would fix and remove all further billing.  Not true after multiple attempts and multiple false promises I am now being sent to collections.   I used to have perfect credit until these scammers came along.
