5	When you walk into a place of business, regardless of what they sell, you KNOW if the people there are enjoying themselves. Earlier tonight, after our Thai dinner - my mom and I went to Circle K for some coffee and soda. We walked in and my mom started griping and asked if the coffee was fresh or not. The quickly made her a fresh pot. The two attendants kept cracking jokes making fun of eachother's *ahem* skill in bed and other places that I shall not mention cuz I'm a lady damnit! I started to venture out into the soda fountain and found something unusual! There were a whole wall of frozen treats... think Icees on steroids! and then there were freshly brewed Iced Teas and a freezer full of smoothies and milkshakes that are blended right there to your desired thickness. Go to any QT and you'll see that there. But what you won't see is a mix your own Sports drink machine with flavors ranging from Strawberry & Kiwi to Fruit Punch along with different additives like Ginsing and B12 etc. You can put in as much or as little of these additives. Crazy. and of course the fountain drinks that dispense both coke & pepsi products. I was crazy impressed. While we waited for my mom's coffee to brew, I held my own taste test with all their mixers and additives. "Hey that shit is BOMB with some fucking Tequilla! We got a baby bottle of some cuervo for you, Que no?" LMAO! I couldn't stop laughing! I never EVER had a gas station attendant try to sell me liquior. "Hey, you can drink the whole SHELF and this bitch still won't be fuckable!" LMFAO! Even my mom laughed.In the end, I got half sweetened tea half unsweetened tea with two shots of raspberry flavor and a shot or ginsing and a chocolate doughnut. We got to the register and they were still making jokes asking my mom if she would like any hangover medicine, condoms, swisher sweets or porn. Each time we all laughed including the cop that was kicking it with a can of soda doing the puzzle. We all kept laughing, those two guys have the brand of funny that I like. Where they can insult themselves and others but do it in such a way that it's HILARIOUS and you can't be mad about it! And because we waited for the coffee it was free and they also had some 2 for 1 dealy thingie going on on refills... so all we paid was one dollar! for a refilled coffee, 32 oz. thirstbuster and a doughnut. SCORE!When we left, I was bawling and the cop told us that she'd give them a cavity search for giving us such a hard time, Cashier #1: "Shiiit I'm still sore from the last time! You need to use more Vasalube!" Cashier #2: "'ey way, you need to buy me dinner before we can get down like that! I only did it that one time cuz I love a woman in uniform!"I couldn't stop laughing and then i told her to just  throw them in the Beer Cave. One attendant cracked ONE last joke, "Don't fuck up and do that eh, we'll get FUCKED up before the shift is over... you'll find us giving away free gas and shit... all faded!" I will DEFINATLY be back just to crack jokes with those two!! They were hilarious! ROTFLMFAO
4	This is a Shell gas station attached to a Circle K.The prices on gas are competitive, but I'm not thrilled about being made to pay in advance with a credit card.
4	Java java java coffee coffee coffee. This is my morning coffee stop.  The staff is always friendly and they are always there to help.They share a lot with a tire shop which is convenient.  Gas for a decent price and snacks for the road warriors. What else do you need?Near a bus stop, McDowell westbound.
