5	Old Western meets art galleries, Native American arts and crafts, fine dining and hot club night spots...Get your souvenirs and turquoise jewelry then grab lunch and mingle with the locals- use the trolley on those hot summer days- and dont forget to wear your SPF 60 and hat ;-)
5	I live in Old Town Scottsdale, and I will admit the area does cater to tourism. But us locals know a different "Old Town". There are 100's of restaurants, bars, clubs, stores, hotels, and services available in this area, not to mention spring training games, a park, and an art museum. All of which are available within walking distance!If you visit the Phoenix area this IS the most fun place to stay and hang out. Downtown Phoenix ain't quite ready... Old Town and it's residential neighborhoods are also very safe and clean.Ground zero for nightlife would be Indian School and Scottsdale Rd (all four corners). If you are thirsty try: J Chew, Brackin's Bar, RedBar, SkyBar, Grapevine, Rusty Spur, DrinX, Martini Ranch, Mickey's, Coach House, Dos Gringos, Metro, TT Roadhouse, The Comedy Spot, AZ88, Mulligans, DJ's, Six (now closed), E4 (now closed), Jackrabbit, Martini Ranch, Blanco, Pure, Geisha A Go Go, Mission, Myst, Axis, Pussy Cat Lounge, The Lodge, Dirty Pretty, Suede, Pure, Billet Bar, Devil's Martini, Patties, Drift, American Junkie, Trader Vics, Kazimierz, Canal, Cien Agave, Acme, Upper Deck, ACME, Olive and Ivy, WildFish, Kona Grill, Z Tejas, Yard House, Crown Room, Furio, Blue Moose, Salty Senorita, Bungalow, or even Saddle Ranch... (Scottsdale proper has 100 more).And yes, it is freaking hot in the summer sun! (which is why I play at night).
5	all I can say about old town is this: If you're young and up for a great night out with lots of options as far as bars, lounges and great restaurants...you will have a blast!
5	Try walkscore.com for 85251 (Old Town Scottsdale) and compare it to where you now live... you might just be amazed...*Here is a direct link to Old Town's score:http://www.walkscore.com/get-score.php?street=85251&go=Go
4	Downtown Phoenix, I fear, is not on America's top list of destinations.  However, Scottsdale is an international mecca for those seeking the flavors of the southwest, spas, art galleries, cowboy paraphernelia, and a very exciting night life.Old town is older than most would think...The Hohokam indians trafficked here until 1400 AD., 400 years later an army general named Scott bought acreage here, and the little hamlet blossomed by the early 1900s.  Many of the original buildings can still be seen in old town, including the blacksmith shop on 2nd and brown which is nearly a century old.  In the 1930s, the magnificent and indefatigable Frank Lloyd Wright came here to build Taliesin West, which is a must-see for anyone interested in architecture.In the 1950s Scottsdale officially became a town, and you will notice many of  old town's buildings and eateries retaining the style and decor of that era.  One of those places is the Sugar Bowl, located on Scottsdale Road.  It's a mom and pop soda shop and ice cream parlor, where you can get dozens of flavors of malts and sodas, even peanut butter and jelly sandwhiches.Old towns streets are lined with souvenir shops, Native American jewelry stores, and many enchanting art galleries.  For those particularly intersted in the arts, coming to old town on a Thursday evening is worth it.  The art walk has local galleries opening its doors to pedestrians, some serving canapes and wine, some featuring the music of local artists.  Tucked inbetween the galleries you will find wonderful restaurants, bars, pubs and eateries.  My favorite restaurant, Malees, of which I already wrote an extensive review.If Thai is not suitable to you, try Ra for sushi, or Bandera's across the street for their amazing rotisserie chicken, or venture over to Buca di Beppo for the traditional family style Italian dining.  Further north are a plethora of clubs and bars:Dos Gringos for a taste of Rocky Point during spring spreak, the Upper Deck for sports and live bands, The Comedy Spot for stand up comedy, Next for dancing and swilling, Devil's Martini for southwest meets Martha's Vineyard, Gilligans for the wheel of booze, wheel of fear factor, gold fish racing, or karaoke, Mickey's Hangover for the best happy hour in town, Martini Ranch for more live band entertainment (Sunday nights is Metalhead, the live act in town), Drinx for amazing martinis like the angel food cake, Myst for clubbing like there's no tomorrow, Axis/Radius with its two large dance floors, four bars, and plenty of dancers to entertain, Suede for great dancing and relaxing on the chaise lounges near the fire pit, Pussy Cat Lounge for awesome djs, and a packed bar every time, Crown Room  for dim lights and socializing, American Junkie for feeling like you're in college again, and finally - the polynesian tiki lounge by the name of Drift, with its awesome salt water tank and exciting drink menu.Though this is a comprehensive list, these are just some of the fabulous places that make old town a destination for old and young alike, regardless of interests, and personal pursuits.I love Scottsdale!
5	So, you want to know what Old Town is like? Just don't judge, it's freakin' awesome.  Where else can you meander around charming art galleries (I recommend the Lisa Sette Gallery) and see a drunk man relieve himself behind dumpsters in the same night (I recommend parking your car in a private lot within walking distance of American Junkie, Drift and Dirty Pretty)? You can go from class to trash and back again.  To illustrate this further, let me give you a run down of a typical Scottsdale night.  Remember, I said no judging!There are a million places to start off the night with drinks and appetizers. I won't tell you where I go, because I don't want to see you there. After a good buzz develops and I've had something to eat, so I can pace myself for the evening ahead, I'll choose from a plethora of activities depending on the night. If it's Thursday, I might decide to just walk around since all the art galleries are open. On the weekends, I'll probably dance to a live band or laugh at people trying to work it on a stripper pole at Dirty Pretty. If I'm not in the mood to rub up against sweaty bodies, I'll embarrass myself at a karaoke bar. My favorite karaoke song happens to be I touch Myself, but only because it's easy to sing.  See, Scottsdale has variety.  Later in the night, I may work my way back to more relaxed hangouts where I can actually have a conversation. I will usually continue to drink, so I'm not saying the conversation is good. After I've worked up a drunk fueled craving for food, my friends and I head to Philly Sandwich Co. I've already yelped about how I love watching drunk people eat subs to loud urban music, but eating isn't the only way to cap off the night and I try to not give into drunk cravings too often. So what is a girl to do? How about a trip to Zorba's? You should ask for a tour. So that's Scottsdale. A little bit of culture and a lot of debauchery. Have fun. And, if debauchery isn't your thing, after perusing the art galleries you can always settle for the best milkshake of your life at the Sugar Bowl.
3	It's a little hard to know what to make of Old Town Scottsdale; it seems like an odd mash of things. On one hand you have a sparse area of old shops hawking kitschy baubles with a few tired horse carriages. Immediately next door is a sprawling ultra-new arts and entertainment area which apparently carries a dress code of oversized sunglasses, designer purses and botox. And yet, on the other side is a more tranquil area with the city hall, arts museum and a nice central greenspace.An odd mix to ponder, but perhaps something for everyone?
4	This is definitely a tourist area so be forewarned.  Old Town Scottsdale is an area of downtown Scottsdale full of art galleries, restaurants, and kitschy shopping. The things I love about it include free street parking (with a 3 hour limit) and the fact that its walker-friendly.  There is also a free trolley that you can catch to get a lay of the land with stops throughout the area and the mall.The only minus is that their stuff is geared toward older and/or richer visitors and is very kitschy.  I loved it my first time around when I had never been to Scottsdale, but after my recent visit I would be okay skipping it.   Nonetheless, visit it at least once.
4	This place is very similar to Carmel by the Sea in California. This particular part of Scottsdale is filled with tons of art galleries in a very small vicinity. Within a walk of the Valley Ho where some friends were staying we walked down through this area while on the way to the Farmer's Market and then looked at the different stores on the way back. We saw some beautiful art work from Russian and Japanese artists/ themed to glass blown pieces. A good way to start your vacation.
4	Cute shops - a couple of decent hole-in-the-wall bars - Bandera is a great place to eat - Italian Grotto has some of the worst service I have ever seen.....worth stopping and walking around
5	I've lived in Old Town for almost 7 years now, and I absolutely LOVE it!  Everything you want, you can find here in Old Town.  Great Food, Shopping, Activities, Places to play, and it's extremely pet friendly.Plenty of friendly people too!
5	From jersey shore & Paris Hilton wanna be d-bags to homeless aliens; this place has everything downtown Phoenix can only dream of someday having.Tons of high end shops & eateries; surround by local dives & haunts.It beats the other valley areas hands down!Chandler- Brady BunchPhoenix - 9 to 5 crowd & sport events, then bums.Glendale- why the f@ck were the stadiums built out there again?Tempe- campus d-bags and BUMS.Mesa- immigrants, pawn shops & used car lots-boring & redneckyGilbert- great place to if your Mormon or into another cult.
3	Old Town Scottsdale has a personality disorder. It tries to be one thing during the day and another at night. Merchants are gouged for hellish fees in order to provide the "free" parking so prices reflect this big gouge as some have to make up six figures per year (no joke). During the day Old Town caters to the typical tourists with skin that hasn't seen the sun since Eisenhower was president. The little shops sell a combination of crap and genuine goods. Restaurants cater to the over 60 crowd for lunch and the idea is to keep people milling around until they have spent all of their money. The perimeter of Old Town is alive with baseball, a hospital, banks and other real world establishments. At night the "clubs" open and each one thinks it's the Viper Room or the Abbey. Sorry, this isn't LA. High cover charges for lame, watered drinks and dead ambiance won't cut it. They make up for being dull with loud music. The rooftop bar concept seems to be dying off after locals who can't sleep through the racket take a few shots at the places from time to time. I can't blame them. A mile away the noise from these places is still thumping loud. It must be horrific to be at one of those rooftop bars. But to be fair, Arizona is not known for night life. It's a place where the sidewalks are rolled up at dusk and they try to cash in on big events like the occasional Super Bowl. They also try to create a night scene Studio 54 style with a new "hot"place popping up and when it is no longer trendy, they change the name and it becomes something else. Restaurants in Old Town also change names in the summer in hope of fleecing the same crowd the next tourist season. Many are now corporate-owned and the local restaurants have had no choice but to follow the downward spiral. On the up-side, look for the local bars and by that I don't mean clubs. The bars such as the Blue Moose are locally owned and serve up good food at decent prices, good drinks and offer friendly service. Stay away from the $30 per entree places and just go cheap and have a good time. If you are the sort who likes to drop $15 on a well drink with a bunch of plastic people who are keeping up appearances with the last of their Visa credit line, AZ88 is the place to go. :)
1	In one word: overrated. In many words...It's a tourist trap. It's a plastic version of the Old West. It is one of the few places in the Valley in which you can go bar-hopping... but like anywhere else in this swollen suburb you still have to drive to get there. And on that note, don't bet on light rail service reaching this area anytime soon. The mayor argued a light rail line running through Old Town would ruin the look of the area. Forget the fact that two streets-- one to the east and one to the west-- branch off from Scottsdale Road, run alongside Old Town, then merge back to the main drag, they say it will spoil the look. I guess asphalt roads, traffic lights and a parking garage in the middle of the city were staples in late-19th Century Western towns though. But, I digress. It has amenities and street life Downtown Phoenix can't seem to attract, but most cater to tourists. Like pretty much everywhere else in the Valley, you'll be hard-pressed to find unique street life and quirky, bohemian elements of it. Scottsdale Fashion Square is nearby, as it wouldn't flourish anywhere else in the Valley without out-of-town money flowing in, thanks to an abundance of low-paying jobs in the Phoenix area. A favorite haunt of 20K-millionaires and tourists, Old Town is a hilariously false representation of metro Phoenix. About as authentic to the Old West as Howdy Doody, if you're out for a pioneer-days pastiche you'll find it here.
1	Completely lame.
3	I'll agree that there are many stores here for sure, but not many of substance.  As far as the going out at night, it seems like a bar scene over the club scene, so it's set up well for the tourists.  I have to say that the galleries are a nice addition to the scene.
2	Old Town Scottsdale - ten hundred tchotchke shops in a contrived wild west setting - all selling the same stuff.  Nothing unique or original. But we did get some great close-ups of a hummingbird hanging around one of the salvias planted along the street which saved this outing from being a complete and utter snoozefest.
4	Our hotel was awesome enough to have beach cruisers you could borrow to ride around downtown. This is the only reason why my friend and I got all the way to Old Town on our one and a half hour break until dinner. It is such a cute little area. I loved all the little shops they had. It felt like we were walking around in an old cowboy town and I couldn't help but yell "YEE HAW!" I just had to get it off my chest.
3	It is what it is...a tourist trap with a few real finds stuck in between.  How can so many "native jewelry" shops have 70 to 80% off is beyond me and I'm sorry but selling baskets in a "western" type store that are made in Pakistan?????? WTH!There were a couple of good stores in there that were fun to look at and a few good restaurants but mostly it is a just walk around and look at all of the stuff type of place just so you can say you saw it, tick it off your list.  And if you are going to buy anything, make sure you read the labels very very well!
3	I'm torn about Old Town Scottsdale. I work there, used to live there and have friends there. I'm not remotely rich or fancy and overall, prefer areas like downtown Phoenix. BUT, that doesn't stop me from frequenting OTS a few times a week. I think there are a great variety of awesome places to shop and eat. Good selection of sushi joints and I'm a sucker for a clean Walmart (central phx ones are scary as shit). I also enjoy certain clubs here, but there are definitely a few I refuse to visit. It's often times the people and their attitudes that turn me off.I dig casual places like El Hefe, Firehouse and The Lodge. I do not dig places like The Mint where I strongly believe everyone is either smashed or on some type of drug, probably both. And on top of that everyone is acting like their fancy as fuck when you know damn well they got their clothes at Buffalo Exchange. I love that store, but I don't pretend to be something I'm not. I'm all like, "I got these jeans for $12 CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT!?" I've had numerous men try to flaunt their cash flow to impress me and multiple women act like total bitches for no damn reason. This almost never happens anywhere but OTS. It's both annoying and entertaining. But mostly annoying.I visit too much to be a hater, I accept it for what it is and know that I can have a great time anywhere I go. It's easy to spot me here because I tend to start massive dance circles all over the club and all over your face.
3	Stumbled upon Old Town Scottsdale during a recent weekend trip, and it was just okay. We were there on a Saturday afternoon but the entire place was deserted. Most of the art galleries were open, but there was no one in them or walking around on the street. Strange vibe...but it was a good place to kill 30 mins or so.
2	Chalk this one up to "sh*t that was cooler when I was a kid."  I think it was cooler mainly because I still believed in Santa Claus or didn't wonder how and why stores would stock all the stuff they do and why American consumers feel so inclined to buy as much stuff as they do...Took the GF here this weekend and I was disappointed.  We had some good food but the overall Old Town experience was lacking even at the best of the galleries and sh*t shops.
1	Even though I was a tourist in Scottsdale, this place built for tourists made this tourist want to run the other direction.  There were some interesting stores that sold nick nacks and then some high end art galleries in this shopping district. I don't think the area knows what exactly it wants to be.  I was really bored and wanted to leave as soon as possible.  My host had only been here twice since they had recently moved to the area but she even admitted this would be a place that she wouldn't mind missing the next time guests came to stay.
4	Nice place to watch the game and have a brew. Hear it can get douchey but I was there during bowl week and it was fine
5	The heart beat of Arizona. Old Town gives life to this desert with fantastic restaurants, sophisticated shopping, and a youthful nightlife. A must see when visiting the Phoenix area.
4	I really need to plan my trips better................why do I always try to find parking in Old Town on a Saturday afternoon?! Don't I realize that's prime time for a cerveza @ Agave Tequila?! Do I forget so easily that's when the tourists love a taste of goodness from The Sugar Bowl?! Would I be redundant by stating it's the best time for a veggie plate at Pita House? Or housemade lahvosh at The Grapevine?I'll say this......the roundabout way of finding a parking spot is totally worth it for any of the above! And don't even get me started on the shopping / galleries / people-watching activities! THIS can be a great Saturday (or any day) afternoon for locals and tourists and snowbirds alike :)
5	I honestly needed about 2 more days to see all of old town! with its unique shops, restaurants and museums - there is so much to do! It is def a romantic place to go visit if you are in scottsdale - then it is a must see!! the parking is free and it is walking distance. Best off all everyone is super friendly! I can't wait to come back and explore the rest of the town. My fav are the sandwich club and the tavern!
4	Just walking around the shops was pretty cool, but there was also an art show in town when we went. There were living statues, horse and buggy rides, and the bars/restaurants were pretty awesome, too! We'll definitely go back next time we're in Scottsdale.
4	Say what you will about this place, but overall, I dig it. I didn't appreciate it when I lived in Scottsdale, but as I have moved farther and farther away, I find myself wanting to go here more and more. There are many good restaurants, nightclubs, bars, hotels, stores, activities, and people watching. I guess it isn't for everyone since a lot of people talk shit and hate this place. I get it rest-of-Phoenix-metro-area, you don't like the people. WHAAAAAH! Shut up.  It's better in Scottsdale than most of the valley. Here are my top choices in Old Town in no particular order:-Mastro's City Hall-The Lodge-Daily Dose-Civic Center-Scottsdale Stadium-Joe's NY Pizza-The Casablanca Lounge-Grimaldi's Pizza-Rusty Spur-AZ 88-W-Fashion Square Mall-Culinary DropoutI could list more, but you have Yelp at your disposal.  Use it! :-)
3	It's not nearly as cool as Old Town San Diego is, but it will do.  Parking is great.  I don't know what I did to please the parking gods in this place, but I always manage to get it great.  Lots of shops specializing in southwest and Indian art jewelry.  Many many food places.  And plenty of space to just walk around and browse.  As far as character though, it doesn't have much.  Which is probably why I can always find parking here.  heh.
5	I love old town, whether it's fine dining or a night out! Check out their Facebook page for events!
3	I really try to like Old Town Scottsdale - and if you look past all the God-Awful tourist traps it is actually quite a nice place with a number of top notch dining options - but in the end you can only walk by so many mass-produced "native" jewelry shops with "Bargains" before it all starts blending together.  Parking is generally a travesty but can be found if you're willing to wait it out and the public art is a nice touch.  For my dollar - go, grab a spot, and kill some time at Cartel, grab some local foods at Bodega, and maybe consider a bite at one of the locally owned restaurants like FnB or Praying Monk, and skip any place with turquoise jewelry in the window while focusing on the galleries that don't quite seem to fit the 'theme.'
4	Great place to walk around. Tons of great restaurants and tons of shopping.  Thursday night art walks are really fun too. Great date night with dinner.
4	Cute shops. Horse and bufggy rides. Beautiful scenery. Love  this area. Lived near here for a few years and enjoyed the night life also. The restaurants rock! great gelato also.
5	Old Town Scottsdale - It's like a mullet: business during the day, with their Western, Native American, and Art scenes and a party at night, with all the bars, clubs, and restaurants, with an added bonus of FREE parking! Day Time Activities:-Art Walks every Thursday-Stroll along the Civic Center Mall (it's a beautifully landscaped chunk of land lined with restaurants and museums)-Scottsdale Culinary Festival (usually in April at the Civic Center Mall)-Spring training games at Scottsdale Stadium-Fashion Square Mall-Scottsdale Waterfront-SUGAR BOWL - an Old Town ice cream store staple!-Touristy Native American Jewelry and gift boutiquesNightlife Activities:-Restaurants - There are way too many to name and list so I suggest utilizing the Yelp Search function and check out reviews -Tons of bars to get wastey face at- Yes, you have your fancy pants, bling-bling bars like The Mint. You also can find plenty of casual dive bars like Dos Gringos, Loco Patron, and Coach House. There are tons of pedicabs available for your bar hopping pleasure.-Karaoke at the ultra low key Grapevine or get a private room and sushi at Geishia A Go Go (and also check out their high tech Japanese toilets - amazing!)-Laugh your butt off at Stand-up Comedy Club with shows at 8 and 10 pm-Check out a concert at the Venue of ScottsdaleDon't hate just because it's in "Snotsdale" . Give it a chance, have an open mind, you might just enjoy it. It's okay to keep it a secret so it doesn't hurt your hipster cred, but seriously, who doesn't love mullets?
5	It is what it is.  God bless the tourists and all the fun bars!
3	Clean - YesNightlife - Yes for 30-something's - good Happy Hour prices at the bars.Lots of Shops - YesUnique - NoWhy, because there are waaaayyy too many jewelry shops.  It's turquoise overload!  They all have signage 50-70% off!  Hmmm, I wonder why?  There isn't enough unique shops in my opinion.  So if you are looking for a beautiful piece of jewelry - then this is the place to go.  Clothing and home furnishings - not so much.  Lots of art galleries, but most of them were closed on Sunday.Nightlife - well, we tried to find a place that might have a live band to get our groove on (dancing) and we were out of luck.  Lot's of 30 somethings drinking up at all the bars so every one of them was lively and crowded.  But I get turned off when the girls get drunk and sloppy and the men have to say, "Oh, please excuse my wife!" as he's trying to hold her up.  Whew, okay then.
5	I have traveled to Scottsdale for years and always have enjoyed Old Town. This place has change a ton with more new, hot restaurants, places to live as well as the nightlife. The Art Walk on Thursday's is a great event. Many of the galleries in Scottsdale made it through the tough times and are busier. My favorite bookstore, Poison Pen, an excellent mystery bookstore makes its home in Old Town. There's the megamall complete with higher end chain restaurants such as YardHouse for those who need air conditioning in the summer. Every cuisine is represented from tapa, to steak to sushi to incredible Southwestern food at The Mission.Enjoy a baseball game, a horse and buggy ride or rent a bike and enjoy Old Town Scottsdale. Grab a calendar of events as the Civic Center has an excellent art show along with family events all year.
5	Rode the trolley, very nice driver, made it entertained.
4	Old Town is a different place during the night & day.  I'm a fan of Old Town.  Here's why:Daytime- There's plenty of outdoor shopping.  Great for walking around during the Fall/Winter/Spring seasons.- Large variety of restaurants in a small area.  You can make last minute decisions/changes and still end up at a nice place to eat.- Wide variety of restaurants.  From fast food to fine dining, there's something for everyone in Old Town.- Art district.  I love walking down the Art district area and window shopping/browsing through all of the art galleries.  That's 1/2 a day right there.Nighttime- There's not much in terms of nightlife in Phoenix/Scottsdale/Arizona unless you're in Old Town.- There's a "Vegas-like" vibe here.....nothing compares to Vegas, but it's similar enough for me to keep me going until my next trip back.- It's the only place in the State of Arizona that has any sign of life after 10 pm.The only complaints I have about Old Town are the parking and the pedicabs.  Parking is hard to find and could cost you $, depending on where you're at.  The Pedicabs are a safety hazard in my opinion and they cut you off and disregard traffic....they're very annoying to me.Return Factor - 90%
5	I know it's a tourist trap, but you must go. Lots of bars and restaurants to choose from, plenty of jewelry shops, novelty souvenir shops, art galleries of paintings, pottery, and more.
4	Cool place.  Tons of shops, art and  entertainment.   You get everything you are desiring in a very small area.  I love old town for that reason.  It's where "hip" young adults want to go when they are done with the Tempe style night life.  This is where young adults with a lot of snootiness go.  And then, there are the commoners like myself who go here for a good meal from time to time and the occasional night of dancing and excitement that makes up a night on the town in Old Town!  My favorite Old town spots are FNB http://www.yelp.com/biz/fnb-scottsdale#hrid:4rcXAsUdD2iha-eMQBv0yA, Citizen's Public House http://www.yelp.com/biz/citizen-public-house-scottsdale#hrid:_owXWzQUkjY1KnIL8sG6VA and  Pig and Pickle(is this really old town?) http://www.yelp.com/biz/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale#query:Pig%20and%20Pickle to name a few.  These are places I go for the late night (or any time) vah-vah-vah-vooooooom shake it down swizzle-me .... TIMBER ------at the end of a night of dancing and walking around in ridiculous 5 inch heels with the tightest dress known to mankind.  Yes, old town is a place for fun for all ages, but I'll be honest, I'm not there for the art walk http://www.yelp.com/biz/scottsdale-art-walk-scottsdale, I'm not there for the fabulous Mall http://www.yelp.com/biz/scottsdale-fashion-square-scottsdale-2#query:Fashion%20square ---- OK ok, you got me on that one, I go there for the mall.  but I'm not there for the Ollie Trolly http://www.yelp.com/biz/dunn-transportation-ollie-the-trolley-tempe#query:trolly.... Honestly, I'm there for the drinks, the food, the beautiful people and the vah-voooooooom baby.  Go there.. have fun...Yelp about it, like me.  Have fun!  See art!  Go drinking!  Also, don't forget to Thank the almighty for your DD.  Yea!
5	I am only going to focus on Old Town as a dining and bar destination. It is many more things; boutique shops, art galleries, high end hotels, restaurants and even some multi family housing. It also includes the most high end mall in the state, Scottsdale Fashion Square.Old Town is the nightlife center of the Valley of the Sun. I think this was best demonstrated when the Super Bowl was in town. The game may have been played in Glendale, but the celebrity parties were in Scottsdale. Over the past several years I have seen various celebrities out at the clubs in Old Town. I have seen our hometown celeb, David Spade, out over holiday weekends like Easter and Thanksgiving out in Old Town. Other celebs I've spotted out over the years are Charles Barkley, Steve Nash, Amare Stoudemire, Mike Tyson, Britney Spears, Paris Hilton, Kendra Wilkinson , the Kardashians, Dennis Rodman and Frankie Muniz (now living in the Valley.) In March, during the Cactus League Spring Training, the bars are filled with groups of mostly guys that are in town to watch their fave teams play during the day and hit Old Town clubs and bars at night. You will also run into the occasional player or team scout.The dining options are a mix of local and chain restaurants. The original PF Changs was actually located in Fashion Square Mall.
4	We have some friends who are long time AZ residents. When we told them we were going to go check out Old Town Scottsdale, they kind of snickered. When I questioned why this choice of activity was so amusing, they revealed that OTS is a bit of a tourist trap. They seem to have forgotten that I have lived an hour and a half from Orlando most of my life... I'm immune to tourist trap purchase trance. What is tourist trap purchase trance you ask? Well, it's when you go to a tourist trap and buy a bunch of useless stuff you don't need. You get home with all your bags of new toys when you finally snap out of the trance and wonder.... What did I just do? Oh yeah, we've all been there. I was confident I'd be okay though. We arrived and OTS reminded me of a modernized Old West town... with oodles of shops, some restaurants and a candy store. I got out of the car and the first thing I saw were the brochure booklets with Maps, a Directory and... a Dining Guide. A sure sign of a tourist trap... the ol' brochure booklet. I'm on to your game Old Town Scottsdale but I'll play along. I took a brochure. We walked around peeking inside shops, browsing through a few, but never making eye contact for too long. Oh no... never make eye contact for too long or you're sure to get pulled into a buying frenzy. We gave the typical, "Oh just looking" response to the shop keeper hook question of, Can I help you find anything? We were doing great. Then came the pipe...I slipped up in a Native American-y store. I saw this really cool looking pipe. It was shaped like an ax. I held it and my hand started trembling. I had to have it. It had feathers on it. And it was shaped like an ax. It was so cool.So I bought a pipe... shaped like an ax... with feathers on it. I mean, c'mon, how many times in your life will you say that? I don't even smoke. My verdict is that Old Town Scottsdale is pretty sweet. Although it's totally a tourist trap, it's also entertaining and a nice place to come walk around. I didn't try any of the restaurants on this trip but look forward to coming back. Next time with a little more will power.
5	Best location in AZ!  I love old town!  Wouldn't want to live anywhere else!
3	As a daytime attraction, Old Town Scottsdale is comparable to all of the other tourist traps I have visited in North America. As soon as I spotted the Del Sol store, the bellwether for all things touristy, I knew what I was in for; store after store filled with western themed crappity crap. Do I need a t-shirt that says "My Indian name is Runs With Beers", umm, not so much. There is the odd store that does have some better quality goods and there is a certain charm to the obvious theme so I think Old Town is worth visiting once so you can say "been there, done that".
4	This is a great little spot for a night walk and some window shopping, a weekend stroll for lunch and actual shopping, or bringing that visiting friend / family member to show them the artsy side of Scottsdale while getting a bite to eat from a great restaurant!It is also really close to Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall - so if you get too hot or want some indoor shopping, you can just talk a bit of a longer walk over to that hot spot (or drive!).  There are a ton of great restaurant and wine bars throughout Old Town also, so you could go dozens of times and never eat the same thing twice - that's awesome in and of itself!Overall: AGreat for locals, great for foodies, great for tourists.
4	It's cute.  Not really my style but cute to walk around and spend a lovely afternoon in Scottsdale.  Lots of interesting restaurants and shops.  3 hours free public parking (!!  --  as someone that lives in LA that is amaze-balls to me).  And a free trolley to get around!  So spend a late morning or early afternoon here.
4	In the daytime, Old Town is a cool destination for boutique shopping, great restaurants, art and culture.  In the nighttime, Old Town is your go-to for clubs, bars, still great restaurants, and people watching.  There are a ton of local shops where you can find anything from doggie sweaters to baked goods to Navajo jewelry to couture fashion to cowboy boots and red-dirt-shirts.  The restaurants range from chains like Ra and Grimmaldis to local spots like Daily Dose and RnR.  The Arts District is  a great place for festivals of all kinds and is right behind the Scottsdale Historical Museum.  There is something here for everyone!A free trolly will take you around downtown if you can figure out when and where to get on and off.  At night there are plenty of rickshaws to transport you to the next bar, and no lack of cabs to get you home safely.  A day or night on this town will have you digging deeper in to your pockets than if you chose downtown Tempe or even Phoenix, but it is definitely a unique experience.
5	Great tourist attraction. feature shops, botquies, night clubs, art museums, Good Luck with finding a place to park. I highly recommend valet.There is so much history in Old Town. You can find historical museums or take a ride on the trolley. My favorites are all the options to dine at after taking a stroll through all the shops. Farmers Market on Saturday's with local vendors. That is another great perk about old down many local shops and boutiques with a variety of things to enjoy.
4	Old town Scottsdale! So much to see here ,and it is a great place to bring guests  from out of town.Right now it is decorated all for the Holidays ,which is great! We really like to look at the nice displays.It has been the place to check out for as long as I can remember. Even as far back as when I was a kid. Some places come and go and others have been here for a very long time.The list is endless on what you can find here. Country and Western, as well as rock, punk ,and new music. The Places to eat are endless,so it is really hard to choose a favorite.Parking can at times be tough to find. Lots of great artwork all over to look at.At times they even have some great festivals as well!
5	Old Town is an excellent location to bring out of town visitors. Lots of places to shop for "authentic" Arizona Native American (Indian) and western merchandise.There is an abundance of great places to eat. If your into Art there is an Art District here with plenty of gallery's. There is trolley to take you all over town that stops along the way so you can do some exploring on your own. There are two comedy clubs to entertain you. The Comedy Spot and Standup Scottsdale. Both offer a verity of local and national comedians.The nightlife here offers some of the most clubs and bars in the country.Parking can be a problem at times but don't get discouraged it's worth driving around to find a spot. There is so much more to do in Old town. I haven't even begun to scratch the surface in this review. A bit on the pricy side at some of the shops but hey you can  window shop if nothing else or find yourself a  great place to eat.******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and
5	Superficial at its finest.
4	You can find it all in old town: workouts, juice, ice cream, wine, nightlife, hot breakfast and brunch spots, date night, western gear, boutique shops, coffee shops, art galleries, pairing classes, entertainment, music, festivals.... You name it. Good place to come and have some fun but also a good place to get away from for some peace and quiet.
4	In all my years of coming to Scottsdale, I had never really explored Old Town.  My parents found a Farmers' Market, so we decided to check it out one Saturday morning, and had some time to explore some of the galleries and shops.  Old Town is a mix of touristy shops selling desert art, clothing and jewelry, restaurants and art galleries.  The Farmers' Market has a great mix of organic fruits and vegetables, bakeries, Italian and other ethnic foods, and more.  Plenty of delicious samples to try!  The area is walkable, with information booths and guides to help you.  Definitely an area I would like to explore some more!
4	I really liked Old Town Scottsdale as a tourist and I have a feeling if I lived in Scottsdale I would love it too!  A compact, but diverse area with souvenir shops, art galleries, western wear and tons of restaurants (to name just some of the things you can find).  I loved all the MLB team flags down the street for Spring Training. Plus the vibe of the place was electric.  I highly recommend!  Parking is a bit of a pain, but you just have to hunt, you will find a spot!
4	We wandered over here after a Rockies game when we were looking for something to do. It was a great little Western area stuck in the middle of town. All the storefronts look straight from the old movies and it was a very cool little vibe. There's a ton of crap shops around where you can buy shot glasses, tshirts and any local made in China stuff you want. We even passed a guy dressed like John Wayne who was just a touch creepy.Ample parking, which was nice.
5	I enjoy going to the Old Town Scottsdale (OTS) area. There's a certain charm about it that I haven't ever experienced in another Downtown area before--from the really cool Western look of the stores; great public art; wonderful landscaping; friendly people; and just a great all-around vibe. Besides all the great little shops, restaurants, art galleries, and museums to check out, there are also tons of seasonal events; I'd highly recommend checking the Downtown Scottsdale website before you visit to make sure you don't miss out on anything really cool (http://www.scottsdaledowntown.com/Events.aspx?Paging=1). Here's a quick list of some of my highlights (in no particular order):Shops/Restaurants: 1) Scottsdale Historical Museum- Pretty cool, little piece of Scottsdale history. The Museum is housed in the original schoolhouse and the whole thing can be seen in 5-10minutes. 2) Bischoff's Shades of the West- Great little touristy store that's packed full of Southwestern memorabilia and souvenirs. This a must-stop for any true Pepper Head; they have a fantastic collection of salsa, hot sauce, spicy jellies, and every other kind of spicy food you could imagine--and even some you can't! 3) Bootleggers- Very good BBQ spot that's worth checking out if you're in the mood for some Q.Events:Native Trails- I was fortunate enough to be able to catch the Native Trails show when I was last in OTS. It's an hour and a half production that features Native American Dancers, Singers and Musicians. It's pretty great, goes by really fast, and has you wanting more by the end. All the performers are terrific and there's a nice amount of humor thrown in there for good measure. The event runs every Thursday and Saturday from the January to the first week of April--and the best part is it's free! Don't forget to grab some Indian Frybread while you're there; it's terrific!If you're ever in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area during Spring Break or any other time of year I highly recommend making your way to OTS. It's a definite tourist trap, but it's the best damn tourist trap I've encountered. There's also plenty of parking and it's free! Do you hear that Bay Area?! Free Parking! Sorry, I hate paying for parking, but I digress. OTS is a lot of fun and there's lots to see and do and I look forward to visiting when I'm in the area.
4	I almost didn't stop here because I figured it would just be a bunch of touristy junk.  Which it is. But it was also a beautiful place to stroll around, people watch, take in a little history, buy touristy junk, sample some food and listen to music.  I parked near here to go to Orange Table for breakfast and since it was just up over the hill I thought I'd pop in for some cactus jam or something.  What a wonderful place! I was immediately greeted by the soft, jazzy tunes of a street musician.  The traffic wasn't too crazy. There were people everywhere. Lots of fun shops.  If you want to find touristy junk, I would probably go here.  Be careful, one thing might cost something in one store and be cheaper in another, but all-in-all this is a lively, lovely place to wander. It made me cheerful!
4	If you're in the mood to walk around, shop and eat this is your place. Great stores to look at it with a small town feel. Awesome place to check out if you are not from the area.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Old Town!  It's like a step back into the Wild West with modern day amenities.  It was my husband's first time this weekend and I was really excited for him to finally go.  It's a compact part of town, with so much fit into it, that it's easy to spend a weekend there.  Whether you're browsing the artisan jewelers, visiting galleries/museums, exploring native pottery shops/or regular token souvenir shops, or looking for an ice cream, tacos, cocktails, burgers, pizza.... they have it all!  Parking is mostly street parking, and since it's such a popular spot with locals and tourists alike, be prepared to hunt for a spot.  There's no way to describe it without experiencing it, so definitely go if you can!
5	Old Town Scottsdale is a wonderful boutique shopping area that is a throwback to the era before massive shopping centers and strip malls.  You can casually walk the streets with your family while enjoying eclectic shops, candy stores, cowboy decor and great dining.  Enjoy the beautiful Phoenix weather and take a time machine back to the wild west.  From Capriotti's fine sandwiches to Grimaldi's Pizza and Italian food, there is something for everyone.  Just be sure to leave some room for desert at the Sugar Bowl.  Also be sure to check the galleries and pottery shops.There are plenty of nice hotels near Old Town that provide shuttles to the area if you'd prefer to skip the parking hunt.  If you are visiting the region don't miss out on this Arizona jewel.  John Wayne's ghost seems to wander the streets with a smile.  Highly recommended!
4	We love bringing out of town family members to old town.. There is so many restaurants and shops to checkout. Best off all it seams like there is always something going on. This is a must if you come to visit Arizona..
