5	What a place. My wife and I came for lunch and left with a new favorite restaurant. We don't eat out much but when it comes to sushi we definitely are picky. We showed up early as it was an early day all around for us. This place is quaint and just kind of tucked back in the corner of the Arboretum. We started off lunch with a crunchy California roll as we really didn't know what to get first with the huge menu selection they offer. The sushi was phenomenal with just the right amount of everything. But not really being in a sushi mood we didn't give any of their amazing sushi a try, yet. We both decided on the hibachi chicken which came with so much food it was hard to eat it all. And the price was so low it was perfect. The vegetables and meat were cooked great and the taste was just right. My wife is extremely picky about vegetables and she ate them all. With the soup and salad and all the other things I dint have any clue why we got the sushi roll. I'm very impressed with this place and will definitely be coming back. Now for the long wait until next time.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. The salad dressing is really good and the miso has a hearty mushroom flavor. Prices are very reasonable. The nigiri is dirt cheap. Some pieces are $1. Hibachi entrees are under $10. Note that they do use a lot of rice in their rolls, so it fills you up. They had a vast selection of maki and they were better than I expected.Service was a bit spotty. They are friendly, but we did have to ask for things more than once or twice. I would definitely return when I visit Charlotte again.
4	Stopped in for a quick bite to eat and I am happy I did. The store front and decor are completely ordinary, but don't be put off by the lack ambiance. My waiter could not have been more pleasant and yet not overbearing at all. He greeted cheerfully and invited me to choose a table.I received a complimentary salad of crispy fresh lettuce with ginger dressing. A tasty treat to start. I ordered a spicy yellow tail and spider roll which were both well made and tasty. The rice was done perfectly and the sauces complimented the rolls nicely. The price was very reasonable. My lunch with salad and two rolls was $ 14.42.I've been looking for good sushi in Charlotte and have not been able to find it too often. Today, I did. A definite keeper. I will be back!
3	On 11/8/2012, I decided to order take out. I purchased 3 rolls, they were all very good & fresh tasting. Sorry I don't remember the name of them. But for the most part I would definitely  recommend this place to my friends. I plan on going back. I will write another review on my dine in experience.
4	Decided to venture out last night to find somewhere new for Sushi, as we have tried a ton of places over the past year, so last night was all about searching for a hidden gem so to speak.  As we embarked on our quest, we ended up near the Arboretum, and as we drove through the parking lot, we were amazed to find a whole new section of the shopping center that neither of us had even known existed.  We were shocked to see a row of restaurants representing all different cuisines from standard American fare like Chili's to Chinese (Cherry Blossom), quick Mexican (Qdoba), Asian (Malaya Kitchen), Breakfast (Le Peep), to many others...As we both mocked each other for not knowing about this "bizarro Arboretum", our eyes simultaneously came upon a Sushi restaurant called Sushiya, so we chalked it up to fate and decided to venture inside to give it a shot, as you shouldn't go against fate right???As we entered the unassuming storefront, we were greeted with a huge welcome from the staff, a la Norm from Cheers, and the hostess/waitress said we could sit wherever we liked.  Not much in the way of ambiance, as there was a small Christmas tree at the front and a few assorted decorative pieces scattered about, but we weren't there for the decor, we were there for the sushi, so we didn't mind at all.To put it mildly, the sushi menu is HUGE..about three pages worth of "house rolls" and "specialty rolls", and no pencil and paper was provided to mark selections, so it was a true test of our collective memories to keep track of all the various rolls we wanted to try, since we have nothing to note our choices on.  After multiple times through the extensive menu, we settled on a total of 6 rolls so we could try a little of everything.  Solid value on some of the specialty rolls by the way, as a lot of places these days price most of their specialty rolls in the $12-$25 range, but Sushiya had some creative rolls under 10 bucks, which was a definite plus.The server was friendly throughout and did a nice job of making sure to ask if we wanted our waters refilled before they even got down to 1/2 full.   She was around just enough without being overly intrusive on our meal, and she was personable enough without being irritating if that makes any sense.The sushi was fresh and overall I would say that 4 out of the 6 were hits while 2 were misses.  One of the misses was just devoid of flavor, while the other was overly drenched in a sweet mango sauce that was just too much in our opinion.  The hits were all solid but not spectacular.  I would say overall the sushi was better than what we found at Koishi, 18 Asian, Liu Liu, and other similar places, but a notch below some of the selections at Nikkos, Cowfish, NZ Cafe, etc.  Definitely solid and worth a trip to check out for yourself as this place to me would be the definition of a 3.5 star yelp selection, but I decided to round up to 4 stars instead of rounding down to 3, because of the variety of options available from a specialty roll perspective.  Again, if you are looking for decor and ambiance, this probably isn't the right place to find those things, but if you are looking for a solid place to get sushi on a Saturday night that you can walk into at 7pm on a Saturday night, get a table of your choosing, and not spend triple digits for 6 specialty rolls, then definitely give it a shot.
4	I've never had sushi before, so when my friends recommended we go out for sushi on New Year's Eve, I was a bit apprehensive. Sushiya Japan is located in the Arboretum near the second entrance off Providence (the Qdoba/Chili's corner). I've seen it multiple times, but it never really registered to me.  When I entered the building, I was surprised at how nice it was. Hardwood floors and dimmed lights made it appear very upscale and trendy for being in the Arboretum. It was mostly empty except for two couples at side tables. Our drink orders were immediately taken and it only took a few minutes to get the drinks. We then ordered our food. I, and most of my friends, ordered the California Roll sushi. It was super affordable at $4.25 for eight rolls. The presentation was gorgeous and the service was ridiculously fast. Our waiter was so kind and constantly checked on our drinks and food. I found the sushi to be okay. I've never had sushi before and I'm not a huge fan of anything that is in the California Roll, so that's probably to be expected. My friends, who have had sushi before, both liked and hated the California Roll. The salads were delicious and several other foods that were ordered by my counterparts were really great (meat dishes). My final bill (for sweet tea with tons of free refills and the California Roll sushi, with tip included) was around $8. Overall, the great service will have me going back to Sushiya (tonight, actually). I'll definitely try something different next time, but this place is pretty good for the price. Definitely a standout in comparison to the other eateries at the Arboretum.
2	I was looking for a new sushi spot, but was somewhat disappointed with the experience. First, I was the only customer, during my entire dining experience..which somewhat scares me. I was seated and served a complimentary salad. The salad was good, but overdressed..crazy overdressed. I ordered the onion soup and egg rolls. The onion soup was basically broth with a few onions, but no real onion flavor, which is what I was hoping for. As for the egg rolls, can I say frozen.Onto the sushi. I chose a roll based on the waitresses recommendation, however it had a mango sauce that was so overwhelming I sent it back. I was not offered anything else and was charged for the roll, $13.95, after eating only two pieces. I questioned the server about being charged and she expressed the fact she told me what I was getting and I ordered it. Whoa, was I surprised. I expressed my disappointment and said please do what you need to do. She disappeared and came out with an older women. Upon returning to my table she did remove the roll, but was very unpleasant about it. Although I appreciate the fact they removed the roll, but was not impressed otherwise and will stick to my other favorites.
5	What a great find near my hood!  I met my book club here for it's last meeting.  Our leader and her family order take out here quite often and she suggested we dine in while discussing our latest book.Service was excellent! We were all served complimentary miso and ginger salads for a bit of a wait, and our rolls and food was beautiful as well as delicious.  I chose the Leaning Tower roll after deciding between several choices.  The menu at Sushiya is quite large.All the of the entrees were beautifully presented and several people got the Playboy Roll, mentioned as a favorite by other Yelpers.The atmosphere is low key Asian with the focus on the Sushi Bar which includes a flat screen slide show of all of the specialty rolls.  What a gem for the Arboretum neighborhood!
4	Very tasty!  We always get the vegetable tempora because its hard to find good vegetable tempora.  It really is outstanding!  The house made ginger sauce on the salad is amazing as well!  Sometimes the service is a little... non existant.  Had to wait a while to get the check. They brought boxes and we waited about 15 minutes after that for the check. There were only 2 other customers in the restaurant.
3	The food is delicious. 5 starsThey have pictures of their different menu items: 5 starsThe service is OK. 3 starsThe atmosphere seems dirty (and dirty tables don't get cleaned right away) 0 stars
4	This place is unsuspecting, but the sushi is amazing!  Every roll I had was incredible and fresh.  Definitely my new go to for take out in the area.
5	First time I go to this one, but it is deff a fav now. We were a group of 5 who went last night, were immediately seated and everything seemed clean. There's a TV screen that is constantly playing their specialty sushi which I thought was cool. The waiter was really nice, he gave us all samples of a salad. The miso soup I have to say was just okay since there was little to no tofu in mines =/ but it was really tasty. I ordered the crazy crazy roll, mind you I don't really like fried sushi, but this one was delicious. I always eat my sushi with extra spicy mayo, but I have to say this didn't need it. My boyfriend had the Panthers roll and that too was spicy and delicious, It all tasted really fresh and was beyond good. It was all a bit pricey, but it was definitely worth it. The only thing I'm sad about is that it's far from where I live. Regardless I will deff be returning here abs will possibly drag some friends here as well
