3	Sigh. I really wanted to love Potbelly!They just opened next to my work, so I decided to spend my lunch hour at the hip new sandwich spot down the street.I arrived at around 1pm. The place wasn't crowded, but there was a good amount of people. The workers were nice enough, but the ordering system sucks! You choose your sandwich and bread, only to have the next person down the line ask you what kind of sandwich you ordered. In addition, there was one person in charge of the first 3 toppings to choose from, and someone else for the rest of them. Why can't I just tell one person what toppings I want?All in all, I would compare to the taste of the sandwich and feel of the process to Quizno's. Pricing is also similar; I paid nearly $9 for the sandwich, chips and a drink.Like I said, I wanted to love this place, but it just wasn't meant to be.
5	Yay!!! Another Potbelly location!Even though this is in a brand new space, the decor is old fashioned and heart warming. Phoenix Nostalgia and more frames the walls on old fashioned fabulous wallpaper. There are several brown tables inside, with a few unique tables as well, how fun!I've eaten at approximately 10 other Potbelly  locations in the past 15 years. I still haven't strayed from my favorite chicken salad even once. I've never been disappointed, and this location tastes just as amazing as every other time. I order my sandwich  thin cut with Swiss instead of provolone, lettuce, tomato, Italian seasoning, and most important, HOT PEPPERS, aka "Giardinera".The staff is very friendly, the shelves and cooler were well stocked, and the prices are still reasonable!I also had a delicious Oreo shake, complete with mini butter cookies. I look forward to returning to get my chicken salad fix.
4	This was my first time at potbelly,and I loved it!! The ordering system kind of reminds me of Quiznos, but the sandwiches are way better. I also ordered a pickle which I thought would be a little spear but turned out to be the biggest pickle ever!! So good! I love that they list the calories in everything. I definitely will be back!
3	Let me first start off by saying I LOVE POTBELLY'S and have been waiting for this location to open. I have been to the locations in Tempe and off of McDowell. Both locations are GREAT! Staff is on their game!! I am writing the review to encourage the management to seek more training with new staff. I heard a staff member say flat out "we just opened so I have no idea" to the customer behind me. There were 3 people standing behind the counter while my sandwich almost fell off the roller because the girl putting the extras on the sandwiches was swamped and the girl putting the meat and bread together just kept putting them through. Another staff member even told the girl to fix it and didn't even help. To make this location as awesome as it could be make sure staff is trained. This is a great location and most of us in the neighborhood are excited for more restaurants.
5	First time, solid sandwich.  Had pizza sub.  Was good but would probably double meat next time. Service average / friendly.
5	This place just opened on 31st and Peoria.  Today was my first time and I ordered a chicken and cheddar sandwich on wheat multigrain ordered "sliced thin" for less bread, all of the toppings listed including the hot peppers.  It was toasted.  First, the employees were very friendly, asking me if it was my first time, asking how my day was, and discussing my sandwich options.  They all seemed to like working in the sandwich shop.  Prices were very reasonable with sandwiches ranging from $4.80 to $6+ and the calories are listed, which is most helpful.  There are also soups and salads and the place is very clean.  I liked the hot peppers which were hot enough to really light up your sandwich but not burn your mouth, and you can buy a jar right there for home. The "sliced thin" option was smart- some of us watch our carbs but still want a sandwich and having wheat multigrain is a good choice.  My only complaint is the smallest drink is still $2.00, next size up $2.25.  I think a $1.50 drink option would have been better.  Iced tea was good though, just too expensive.  I will definitely be back for more because everything tasted really really good.
2	I tried the chicken salad sandwich. The chicken salad was bland & on the dry side. I also had the coleslaw. It tasted like raw cabbage with no dressing. My husband had the Italian & was very underwhelmed with it. I could get a better sandwich at Subway.
4	I am torn between a 3 star and 4 star rating. Not a bad sandwich. Especially if you like it toasted. I had the turkey swiss with thin sliced bread (1/3 less bread)...which is nice for the carbs. The ordering process is a bit annoying when you get asked 3 times what you ordered. Perhaps they need better training. Turkey swiss was good. A step up from Subways. Ok..  I will give you 4 stars.
2	Is six inches enough for you?  The quality is there, but delivering it is something else entirely.A new store opened near me, so I finally decided to give them a try.  They offer six inch "gourmet" sandwiches for around $5-7 (with tax), no sides included. For my first test, I went simple with the Italian and the Meatball sandwiches.Now the meatball sandwich was hot with melted cheese, but the amount of sauce was seriously lacking, coming across as no more than a simple condiment.  The meatballs were flavorful, but dry, and the pitiful amount of sauce supplied could not even begin to bring these things back to life. You could tell the "meatballs" had never even touched the sauce before they came together in the sandwich.  I can't tell you if this is normal, since it was my first visit, but the attempt was not good enough to get me back..The Italian was a failed attempt altogether, and I will clearly blame the preparer, and not the restaurant.  As in most sandwich places, as you move down the line, you are asked what you would like on you sandwich.  I told him, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, oil and herbs, which he repeated back to me to confirm.  The problem was when I got home the only one of the ingredients that made it to my sandwich was lettuce.....NO tomatoes, onions, pickles, oil or herbs.  I had places that made mistakes with my order, however not this bad, and not with me standing right there at the specific time telling him what to put on the sandwich.  Maybe that is why the condiment area is hidden behind a wall, so you can't see what they are, or are not doing.First impression...not impressed with either food or staff...
3	The food was great, same great food as the rest of the locations. My problem was with the guy who seemed to be the manager-he was not very friendly and was actually kind of rude. My only complaint with Potbellys besides this manager is their lack of a kids menu. I'll probably go to the Scottsdale location in the future. They were very friendly at that location.
1	The food was average. I will not ever go back because customer service was horrible. There was this bald guy who was really rude to me and my friend today and seem as if he hated his job. If he the manager (not sure if he is one). He should work on his customer service skills.
4	This is a new place in my neighborhood and I've been there a few times now. The food is great and I love the broccoli cheddar soup. The sandwiches are good I just wish they were a bit bigger. I've always had great service from the staff. Very friendly place to go and they offer up some great suggestions when I've been curious to try something. Great job!
5	The sandwiches may not be huge but they are plenty big enough. Do yourself a favor and and try the chicken salad sandwich with everything on it. My sister says the shakes are the best she has ever had. I still havent tried one but i cant wait.
5	Finding a decent local sandwich shop that doesn't have the same boring choices and disinterested staff is hard to find in this area of town.  I didn't know what to expect when I first went to Potbelly.  I was VERY happy they had online ordering, that is always a plus in my book.  The online menu was complete and allowed customizations to meet your palate.  They have a good selection of sandwiches, on a variety of breads, even a thin whole wheat if you are watching carbs.  They have an excellent selection of salads and soups.  And their deserts - decadent!  I have had a couple different salads, they usually last for two meals for me.  I have had 3-4 different sandwiches and the little bag of cookies - those are my snacks for several days. The staff here is friendly, helpful and conversant.  If they get something wrong they are quick to fix it or replace something out of stock.  They didn't have any small cookies one time so they gave me two big cookies for free.  They know how to take care of customers.
2	We went here when the location first opened. I had the pizza sandwich and there was barely anything in the sandwich and no flavor. My boyfriend got a chicken sandwich and again no flavor or substance. We were going to eat there but decided go home and add to our sandwiches. The staff was friendly and the place was clean.
4	We went here for the first time ever, and I'd come back! We ordered everything on multi grain: ham and Swiss, grilled chicken, and Italian. Jimmy John's Italian is better! Anything beats Subway!! But my best/favorite one was the grilled chicken. I asked them to put Jardiniere peppers on them... and OMG, I was on fire!! Oohhhh lumbre! If I believed in hell, I was there!!!!I gave some grilled chicken and bread to my baby, one and a half years old, big mistake...some chili got on there, it was not good... he was cryin!  Poor thing, mama won't do that again!!
5	Very good service, they made my sandwich VERY fast, and it was VERY DELICIOUS! The people are very nice! I definitely recommend them if you're looking for a place to eat a great sandwich.
4	Pot Belly is a nice change up when you are tired of Subway for your sandwich options. The sandwiches are a tad pricier for the amount of sandwich you get, it seems like they have a slightly smaller selection of sandwiches and toppings, but all of the sandwiches I've had taste good. But they do have some fun things you can't get at a Subway, like smoothies. Last time my fiance and I went there, they even had a guitar player for ambiance.
5	Outstanding!  Great friendly service too! Uptown salad was awesome! We will definitely be back! Thank you! :-)
2	The food was alright, not the best sandwich I've had but it tasted good. I don't understand why they only serves one size sandwiches. Most of the staff was decent and well mannered. However I will never return here as long as that bald guy works here. He was completely unprofessional to my girlfriend and rude to both of us. If that is their idea of customer service, I do not want to experience it ever again. Best thing about the area it is in is there are plenty of other places to eat.
2	((I am editing this review because the general manager contacted me to apologize, and she's a nice lady. This manager is still probably there, so I'm leaving that part there as a warning to others. Everyone else was pretty cool though.))We went in at 2 pm, so it was slow. We were the only people in the whole restaurant. Never been there before, so we were looking at the menu. Someone, who I think was the manager because he was older and bald, kept teasing us for taking so long, thinking he was friendly. "There's a test if you stare at the menu for more than 5 minutes. You guys aren't blind, you have glasses." No one else was there, and we were only looking at the menu for about 2 minutes tops. I came in for a bite before work, so I was wearing my uniform (another resturaunt from the area). Started ripping my company a new one. He was rude the whole time. My boyfriend and I were uncomfortable the whole time interacting from him. The rest of the employees seemed embarrassed by him. I got the buffalo chicken sandwich with no bleu cheese. It was decent. Not worth talking to that manager though.
5	Warning: The chocolate brownie cookies must be loaded with crack, because they are extremely addictive. Broccoli cheese soup is phenomenal, and the sandwich (Italian) was good as well. 10/10 would eat again, and again, and again.
5	Decided to try out and it was very delicious employees were very outgoing and fun and has great sitting area to enjoy.
