4	First of all, it is very hard to find this place partly because of the construction going on in the complex.  Don't give up though because they do a good job.  The place is definitely family owned and very cozy.  When I was there, there were 2 girls and 2 guys working.  They love chatting with customers.  I did a pedi with french tip + design AND pink & white full set for my hands.....I think I paid around $80 for the whole thing.  Usually, my nails are kinda short so when they put the pink & white, you can see the line underneath.  The wonderful thing about this place is, they were able to cover the lines with really perfect designs which totally won me over.  Really, if you want nice designs, this place is it.*Decor = cute*Price = average*Service = great if you are in the mood to chat
4	This is a great place. Everyone I've been to here does a great job. One thing I have not liked at other places is that if you switch people, they previous tech makes you feel guilty. I have never had that attitude here. This place is clean and modern. The folks there are very nice and don't try to talk you into doing things you don't ask for. Linda & Jason are my favorite people there but Ivy does the best nail art. Flower (the former owner) sold the business to a husband & wife team. They both do a great job with the salon. They chat with the clients a little to much for my taste - but that's just me and I would rather them have a personality than not say a word.
4	The service here is outstanding and the techs are very friendly. The price is on par for the area but the quality of service is much higher than average. I just have natural nails but they always come out looking great. I've never felt rushed and every tech has been very good.The reason for four star instead of five - not a huge color selection and can get crazy busy without anywhere to wait.Overall, this is a great little local place
4	Love it.As I've mentioned in my first review, the place gives you a very comfortable, family feel to the customers.  Oh and the place is very clean and cute without over exaggeration like at Pink Polish.  Pricing menu:Acrylic full set:  $25White tip full set:  $28Pink and White full set:  $35Silk full set:  $35Crystal full set:  $32Gel full set:  $32Manicure:  $12Spa pedicure:  $22Deluxe pedicure:  $35Manicure + Pedicure:  $32French:  $5Design:  $5
5	Flower Nails is FANTASTIC!  I have been coming here for over a year and I have never been happier with my nails. The deluxe pedicure is out of this world. If you are ready for over an hour of pure relaxation this is the service for you. All of the the technicians are great. I have been to a lot of different shops trying to find the best and Flower Nails is by far the best!
3	I really do love the service and all the nail techs. The deluxe pedi is worth the money and time!** However, I was not happy when they  turned away my friend & I at 630 on a Wed night for 2 basic pedicures. Almost any other nail salon in Chandler would have taken us and worked a few mins later for us.
4	Been here probably 5 or 6 times. I originally intended to just get an eyebrow waxing. And love the job they do. There is typically one lady who does my eyebrows, I've only gotten them done by one other person before, and I'm not sure she did as good a job, but she didn't horribly jack them up so I was satisfied. Never gotten a manicure there since I bite my nails to the nubs. But I have gotten a pedicure a couple times, and love them. Normally I just get them painted since I was a little wary of getting a design. But I recently got a sunflower design, done by a girl who claimed to have never painted a sunflower design before and she did a really good job. I personally think flowers is kind of pricy, but there is a 10% student discount, although they seem to give the discount at their discretion. They are kind of chatty, which is fine I guess, but probably better suited for people who actually like to have conversations with strangers while theyre rubbing lotion on your legs. But overall I highly recommend it.
5	Tried this place for the first time yesterday.  Friendly techs and they did an EXCELLENT job.  The pedi actually included a hot rock massage of my calves and feet.  They use heated lotion for the hand massage.  All for $32.  Can't beat that and I will be back!
5	I love this place! I have been coming regularly since 2012. It is clean, they are friendly, and have all the OPI colors. They always have the food network on too, so I always am hungry when I leave! Ask for Julie or Linda :)
5	I love this place and the people working here! Linda is my girl! Does me right everytime!
