4	Have you ever tried "Threading" before? Would you like a Henna tattoo?Jada Beauty is the place to go. "Threading" is like waxing or shaving but without the chemicals and razor burns. And the Henna tattoos are beautiful. They offer eyebrows, lips, chin, sides, forehead, full face threading. The staff is very friendly. The space at Desert Sky a little small but comfortable. I even heard you can design your own Henna. How fun would that be?A few years ago, they used to be at AZ Mills. Then moved to a small shop on Mill ave. Now they have two locations : East Valley in Fiesta Mall and West Valley in Desert Sky Mall.The prices to me seem reasonable. But this is the only place I have gone to get my eyebrows done. So only you can compare the pricings? But I have heard it can cost more at spas.I recommend this place for a new experience.
4	When my partner decided that shaving facial hair was just not cutting it (too much beard shadow under the skin) we initially though to get it waxed out. I was hesitant to go the wax route, and was thrilled to find Jada in the Desert Sky mall (inside near Mervyn's). This place only does threading and henna tattooing. The shop is small and personal. It's not the most luxe of interiors, but the brisk and professional service makes up for it. Having not had the threading myself, I can only attest that they threaded out my partners beard (all of it, cheeks chin neck and mustache) in about an hour and only charged us $35 for it. We were very pleased with the results and stoked about the low cost. More than a handful of stray, missed hairs and a lack of lotion or balm after the procedure keeps this rating from a 5, but so long as you can provide your own aftercare I would still highly recommend Jada Beauty.For those of you who have never been "threaded" it's a hair removal process where hair is trapped between a twisted strand of thread and pulled out by the root. There are no chemicals and no blades. It's excellent for people with sensitive or allergic skin, but don't think you're getting out of the pain of hair removal - it still hurts! Results last a similar amount of time as traditional waxing.
4	While I was hesitant to try what was described to me as having my hair ripped out of my face by thin threads of cotton, shaving every day simply wasn't giving me the smoothness I so desperately needed. And passing for a woman is a real pain in the ass when you have to grow the 1/4 inch of facial hair needed to wax it.The staff is really friendly and personable. Well, as friendly as they can be when ripping out facial hair. I have a limited amount of experience, but I found the threadist to be quick, professional, and relatively patient. There were a couple of times when I had to lift my head out of the chair to get my cry on, and although I could see her laughing to herself, she was patient and understanding. The process took about 45 minutes. A few strays hair and a lack of soothing balm aside, it was the most positive "beauty" experience I've had yet. And for 35 bucks, I don't mind having to go home and pluck a few missed hairs.I definitely recommend it for anyone interested in getting threaded. I will definitely be returning when my stubble returns.Next time I'll pitch in for my partner to get a henna tattoo while she waits.
5	One evening while waiting for our movie to start, I heard a loud shriek. "CHERRRRRRRR!"Quickly I turn around and see that the fudge that was all about... "Oh hey... Hi Alexis!!" My old friend from college. She worked for Jada Beauty and introduced me to the rest of the staff and offered to do my eyebrows, I realllllly wanted to, but alas our movie was about to start so we chose to come back another day.A few weeks later, we came back and the deed was done. Mary did my eyebrows (she's the BEST!) and is a Godsend. I love what they do, they take an ordinary cotton thread and twist it around in a way that it plucks your stray hairs out. There is very little pain and no damage to the skin at all. It's incredible.When they were at the AZ Mills location, it was a lil weird to be so vulnuerable to laydown infront of strangers in a busy mall. And then when they were at the Tempe location off of Mill Ave... it was hard to find,and even harder to find a parking spot... and now they have a happy home in the Westside of town at Desert Sky and another home at Fiesta Mall. It's crazy to see their business grow. I'm so glad and happy for them. They have great customer service and remember me whenever I come in. Their prices go up regularly but with all their growth it's understandable. Eyebrows $12 & Up, UpperLip  $8  & Up ,Chin $8  & Up, Sides $20 & Up, Forehead $8  & Up, FullFace $40 & Up When you go, have them shape ur brows to your face and ask for Mary. Tell Alexis Cher from CAC said hi and enjoy!
2	I feel I am being generous with 2 stars, but at the same time I feel like I should reserve one star for intentionally bad service.This is the only threader I can find in Phoenix- so if you have another business or place in Phoenix please tell me!I went to the location in Metro mall (is that correct name?)... I am not basing this review off the location- its obvious the mall is a ghetto dump, and frankly I don't care about that. When it comes to something like a quick in-and-out facial thread I want to go where I can get it done right, so location doesn't matter unless it will compromise my safety.I have been getting threaded in RI for 3 years and love it!!!! I walk in, and after 5 minutes and $23 (includes $5 tip) I have perfect eyebrows and a clean upper lip :)I was very excited to find a threader here and expected the exact same results. Unfortunately, she didn't just clean up the brow area. My brows had excellent shape- this is not something that came naturally. It took me three years to get hair back in right places, etc after destroying my brows for over a decade... I am not back at square one, but thin brows are not my style- which based on the condition when I walked in I figured that was obvious.Then came the upper lip which I thought would be easy. There is nothing to shape here, just pull the hair and don't hit my lip. I don't know, it seemed like a big task. Then before I could even realize it she was rolling this wire thing on my lip- gross. No clue what it was, but it felt like a razor. I hated it, and couldn't wash my face enough later that day wondering how many germs that thing had on it.The threading seemed tedious. A lot of times the thread would break and she would have to re-start. I am going to assume threading is a technique that requires a lot of practice and skill. Back in RI, my girl Maneesha has both. Now I appreciate her work more because she makes something that is not necessarily easy seem effortless. Sorry, I really just miss my threader :(. The woman was kind and I tipped her as normal because I felt she was trying her best which for me get big points in a service related job. I also feel its not fair to compare her to my threader back home without knowing how long she's been doing this.Anyways, I wouldn't go here again. I went back to waxing for the remainder of my stay in Phoenix. I haven't waxed in years, but I need to preserve my eyebrows at all costs!
1	where is this place?
