2	Was in the mood for a TJ Hot Dog on my way home so I deiced to drive through Sunny Slope and look for a push cart. No such luck but I did happen upon this place in a Food City strip mall. Upon entering and looking over the menu I asked if they sold TJ Hot Dogs.. he told me why they didn't.. that doesn't make sense to me. He said that the ingredients to make TJ Hot Dogs would push out his Chicago style ingredients in his prep area.. I'm sorry but if you are in a largely Hispanic neighborhood and want to survive, feed the locals! Besides there are loads of Chicago dog places and only street carts for TJ Dogs.. I think he would make a fortune pimping TJ Dogs and Mexican beer!! Took about 10 minutes to get my dog, Chicago Style.. was so-so.. it had a way to generous amount of celery salt making the dog well, salty. Also the dog was on the smallish size but for the price I guess that was fine.Probably wouldn't go back.. though very friendly business owners.
4	I'm a basic dog fan - ketchup and onions and nothing else.  Let's the dog taste come through.  Don Guido's has been consistently tasty on numerous visits.  OK, it's a hot dog... not much to screw up... but it's tasty, hot, not overcooked.  Onion rings and fries are both good.  I always leave full and happy, an the service is very friendly. If only they were open later in the evening, I'd be there more often (they close at 5 or 5:30 on weekdays and at 3:00 weekends).
4	Don Guido's is Sunnyslope's hot dog place.  I'm not especially a hot dog gal, but Don Guido's offers something else to Sunnyslope too: Italian Beef sandwiches! This was my lunch today: a delicious Italian beef sandwich paired with garlic fries! The beef in my sandwich was not fatty or metallic colored like I've experienced in other places. I really enjoyed it and will definitely have it again (but will probably ask for it a little more wet, next time)! But, seriously, let me tell you about those fries...!!! Don Guido's garlic fries exceeded my expectations!! The fries were nice and crisp, not greasy. And, while I expected a shake of garlic salt to qualify for "garlic fries," I was delighted to find them topped with REAL minced garlic and parsley. A lot of it too! People were coming into my office from down the hall to get in on the action! We've polished them off, so you'll have to make a run to Don Guido's and get your own. TOTALLY worth the trip!
