4	Devil's Pizza, located where Samurai Sam's use to be, is a dine-in, take-out, or delivery pizza place. If you're looking for a big NY street style slice, I recommend this place. The staff is friendly and the food is fast and fresh. The rest of the menu looked good too but haven't had a chance to try it yet. Check it out!
3	I've ordered from here twice. The first time it was really great (we got an 18'' with artichoke hearts and feta), and we got our order in about 30  minutes. However I had to downgrade from a 4 to a 3 based on our order last night. We got garlic knots and a 12'' vegetarian pizza; the garlic knots were burned on the bottom, and the parts that were not burned were still tough and chewy. The veggie pizza was supposed to come with 5 toppings of your choice from the vegetables they have listed on their menu, but upon opening the box we discovered only 3 toppings, none of which were the toppings we had chosen. On top of that our order was almost an hour and a half late, when it finally arrived the delivery boy talked my ear off about his entire night. I get it, you are a pizza delivery guy and you had a tough night. Every pizza delivery guy does, and when I finally get my order at 1am instead of at 11:30 after I work late, I don't want to hear about it.Our one bad ordering experience aside, we'll probably order from here again, to give them another shot. We did enjoy our first pizza, so hopefully last night was just a bad night.
4	Last night we ordered a pizza, wings, a 12 inch sub, and three drinks for $24. They forgot to include fries with the sub. When we called they were very friendly and gave us store credit. I like Devil's Pizza Factory because their price and customer service can't be beat and they deliver till 5am!
1	What a terrible experience! Our order took an hour and a half to be delivered on a Wednesday night. It's hard to judge the food cause it was all cold but I'll give it a shot. Sweet potatoe fries, mushy and flavorless, wings...ehh, as for the pizza, not horrific but in the same low level as say Gus's pizza. The sauces were terrible, watered down ranch that stuck to nothing, the wing sauce, which they only sent one small serving of for a full order of wings was I believe to be bottled franks red hot and butter(highlight of the meal). When we made a call to the manager on duty to tell him of our experience not only did he not entertain a refund or any kind of compensation he told us to have a good night. Do not bother with this low rent establishment. They clearly don't care about the product or customer service!
3	Ordered from this place last night, they said it would take 45-60 minutes for the pizza to be delivered. It took around the full hour mainly because the driver had to walk into my apartments since he couldn't get in the gate. The pizza itself was decent, it wasn't the most amazing pizza I ever had but it was on par with some other places in the area. Their food is also cheaper then some other places so I might be ordering more often from this place
1	i got a door hanger from this place with coupons and decided to try it. ordered delivery and was told 45-60 minutes-this was on a wednesday night at around 6:30pm. 90 minutes later, i called and was told the driver had already left. 2 hours later, i called and canceled my order. the woman was nice, canceled it, but told me the driver had left a while ago and to just go ahead and take the pizza. almost 3 HOURS later, the driver knocked on my door- he told me he had gotten lost trying to find my place (you have to walk around to the back of the building to get to it) and told me i could have the pizza since "he didn't like mushrooms' . the pizza was obviously cold and slightly smashed. it was decent pizza but i doubt i'll ever order from there or even eat at the restaurant again!
3	Typical college pizza joint with inexpensive yet passable pizza and subs (really really good bread tho). Nothing to see here folks, except maybe the freakishly tall chairs that jam your nutts right into the tables? WTF? Also, chill on the blinding florescent lights Winston!
4	I give it 4 stars because it's cheap and their pizzas are huge!  Biggest medium pizza I've seen.  The pizzas themselves seemed pretty basic/standard in terms of quality, nothing special.  Service was acceptable.
1	..calling me after 45 mins of when i called in an order and explaining that yr held up by the HEALTH INSPECTOR and cant deliver my pizza yet, well... just give that nice cold disgusting pizza to the inspector, im sure they will enjoy it. THATS MY REVIEW for devils pizza factory...And delivery driver, 'DONT BE MAD' is not how you talk to a potential customer, one who orders 1-2 times a week from 2 different businesses to get pizza.  awful customer service.
2	Typical late night college pizza.  Not bad, but not good.  Slow delivery.
1	The owner should be ashamed. I ordered the BBQ pizza, the menu said chicken. It didn't tell you that it was chopped up chicken nuggets. Really? I have never seen this in my life. The crust was tough and chewy, good thing I have strong teeth. Then other family members wanted the "philly cheese steak" Not even close. The bread that they use is good, which is a blessing since thats all you really get. the meat was not steak, it was cheap sliced beef that was dry and tasted strange. I couldn't even see the onions, mushroom and peppers. I thought that they had forgotten them, so I sauted my own and then noticed a tiny little mushroom.I understand that they are located right near the college and most of their customer base is either drunk, stoned or don't know what good food is. This is not!!!!!!!! I'm completely livid, I spend $40 on crap. The only reason anyone ate it was because we were starving and didn't want to cook.They have the perfect name, because this food is like being in hell
3	Decently priced, average wings and ok calzone. It wasn't anything to die for but the staff was nice and the place was clean.
5	New ownership has brought the food and customer service to top notch  standards. Highly recommend
1	They completely did not bring the wings that were supposed to be part of my order -- so I called and they assured me they'd come back with the wings shortly. After about an hour, I called again and was AGAIN assured that someone was on the way with my wings, and was told they were just getting that actual driver who "forgot" them to personally deliver the rest of my order.... and one thing I cannot stand is being lied to, which apparently I was because no one ever showed up at all...I can put up with sub-par pizza (actually, tasted like the crust was made out of ground up cardboard and the garlic knots were oozing with an overabundance of olive oil) and not so great delivery, but being lied to and ripped off really sucks and is infuriating... I will never order from this place again and I should have listened to the other negative reviews I had seen prior to ordering.
2	The pizza was ok at best. Way too much oregano and the crust was mushy. But their math was even worse. The flyer I had stated $9.99 for a 16" pizza with 3 toppings and a $3.25 cheesecake. When I called their total came to over $25! After I ask them what's up, some other guy gets on the phone and says these are old prices but he'll honor them. Then he claimed the cheesecake was now $4. Yeah, whatever. The total still somehow managed to come to over $17, not including delivery. When the pizza came with the new flyer, cheesecake is now listed at $3!  And it's the smallest piece of cheesecake in the world! Thanks for lying. Never again.
1	we got a flyer on our door and literally called 15 times over an hour but no one ever answered the phone.  A few times they actually hung up on us.  We were willing to try a new place since we order pizza every week but this place will not be on the list next time.
1	Took an hour and a 45 minutes on a Tuesday. Order was screwed up. Pizza was cold.I don't think it would have been very good if it was hot.  The guy said they had a very busy night.  Which is what you say when pizza takes an hour and 45 minutes. I am pissed I tipped him 3 bucks.
4	$5 Pizza.. What's not to like?
5	Friendly folks, pretty good pie for the $5.  I would say their cashier needed a touch of additional training, but the pizza was good and they even offered me a free drink while I was waiting.  Definitely will be back.
3	The food was greasy but great and the atmosphere wasn't horrible. My biggest problem with the place is the price! They charged me 15 dollars for a sandwich and drink... it wasn't worth the price. I would recommend getting sushi next door. The one redeeming quality was the friendly woman behind the counter!
