3	I was very excited to finally get to try Blanco in Sky Harbor. I love Blanco in Scottsdale and what could be better than getting it to go before you fly? The ambience of the 'sit down' area seemed happening. I was in my flight uniform and sitting in a bar is a simple no no. With that, I grabbed a cheese quesadilla from the walk up/to go counter. I will say maybe they are still working the kinks out of a new place, with new people, but it was slow. Getting 'to go' should not ever be slow. Nonetheless, nothing out of the ordinary as far as quesadillas go. Other than they put parmesan cheese on top of the quesadilla and I am not quite sure why? Maybe because the quesadilla was placed in a to go box that was labeled, "Sauce"?  Who knows, but that made the entire quesadilla taste overwhelmingly, parma! I did love the salsa .. and I am a salsa snob. It can make or break me on a Mexican restaurant. My friend grabbed the chicken burrito. He seemed to like it but nothing special. Hoping that they will work the kinks out and maybe add a few items to the menu other than just quesadillas and burritos. Like how about some tacos?? Nachos?? Because this airport is my base, I will keep checking back and give them some more tries when in the lower A gates.. BUT won't go out of my high A's where the Blue Burrito is. More selection and tastier.
3	I was very surprised to see Sam Fox places all over the air port on my way to Jamaica this past week. My boyfriend and I stopped in for some pre flight drinks. It was alright, decently prices, service was a little weird, waitress lingered way too long and checked on us way too much. Almost thought she might have had the hotts for my man. We didn't eat but everyone's food looked decent. They need some more TVs if they are going to offer sports at all, you can only see them from a few places in the main dining area. A-OK is about right.
3	Great pork burrito wish I could have had guacamole
4	I wasn't all that hungry when I walked by Blanco around 11am, but was intrigued enough by the option of a machaca burrito that I decided to give it a go. Machaca, as I typically have it, is a beef cooked in its delicious juices until it's plenty succulent. This didn't taste like any machaca I had had before, it had almost a chocolatey flavor to it. Not what I was expecting but not bad either. The cheese in the burrito added to the richness.I'd gladly come back here again
