3	So my mother and father are residents of this nursing home facility.  Well actually my mother now since my father has passed and moved to a better place...Every time i visited my mother and father, they were always sitting around doing nothing. TLC   has always preached about having tons of activities for the elders, and they said the elders are never ignored and this is the best facility for them to be.WRONG!The times i visited my parents, they were always doing nothing. and Their hygiene, was some what ok. Except for the past 2 weeks when  I visited my father before he passed, I felt like they just left him alone and did not take him a bath . His lips were chapped all the time.  And i can tell they did not give him a bath because his hair was so messy. As for the staff, the CNA was about to give my mother a PAIN KILLER and it was not even in her MEDICATION LIST! SHE WAS THOUGHT MY MOTHER was another person . HELLO! CHECK THE DAMN TAGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANK GOD i was there to stop her! And some are pretty unprofessional, talking about personal stuff and how their weekend went.  As for food, they do not care at all if the patient does not eat. My mother takes forever to eat because of her Dementia. After seeing how these people treated other patients who did not eat i started to come daily to make sure my mother eats her dinner. Otherwise if you do not make sure, they prolly do not get feed. The CNA to patient ratio is terrible also. There is not enough staff to care for you loved ones, its hard for them to complete their task. I must admit, there are a couple of good staff there. I met a couple and they were very friendly and I can tell they are genuine and really care about my mom. Before you admit your loved one into this facility make sure, you are aware of the dangers and the facts of nursing homes.  According to people this is the best one, to me it isn't , i can only imagine what the terrible nursing homes are like.tip: always visit your love ones in the home so the staff knows you are watching them all the time.i give it a 3 star because not all the staff are ignorant and incompetent, there are a few that are good, therefore I decided to give this place a 3 star.
1	Remarkably unprofessional!  From the moment you walk in, at least one of the receptionists is pleasant, another is a complete loud mouth, and the things that come out of her mouth are absolutely rude and ridiculous.Thanks to "loud mouth", I've learned (in detail) that the Director of Nursing at this facility is having an affair with one of the male staff members.  Can you imagine waiting to greet your loved one and learning about such shenanigans?  All from your seat in reception!This, combined with very poor bed-side mannerisms, and the fact that I've met this DON (and she is HORRIBLY unfriendly) told me that the facility is not fit to care for my mother, and we pulled her out after just a few months!Please do your loved ones a favor, do not send them to this sham!
1	My father was a resident in this nursing home for almost two years.  The care he received was inconsistent and disappointing, to say the least.  I found that some staff members were professional and caring, but the majority of the CNAs who interact with the patients on a daily basis were unprofessional and severely lacking in bedside manners. I strongly recommend exploring other facilities if you are in need of care for yourself or a loved one.  There are places out there with caring, competent staff members that far exceed TLC in quality.  This place has so-so reviews on medicare.gov.  They may be able to check basic boxes, but when it comes to personalized attention and compassion, they have a long way to go.
2	My review is only based on a visit.  But, I am a somewhat "older" lady myself, so in a way I am a test case!I went to check out the place for my mother, as she will be needing care.  I walked into a large, light lobby -- the place does seem to have large, light halls and not to be all cramped up - a plus.  The receptionist was busy with someone.  I walked over toward some glass doors and windows that led to a large patio; I figured I might see residents relaxing out there, but what I saw looked like workers having lunch and one odd-looking old dude (I couldn't tell whether he was a worker or a resident) smoking out there.When the other person left, I went to the reception desk, smiled at the receptionist, and said "Hello".  She glared at me as though I had just messed the floor, and instead of saying "May I help you, Ma'am?" or anything polite or normal, she snapped, "Which direction did you come from?"Later on I realized she might have thought I came in from the patio, or went out into the patio, or goodness knows what, but that is no excuse for her attitude.  I believe that a well-run place would never have a person like that running the desk.I "made nice" with this character enough to arrange to see their salesman.  He had better manners, but the room he showed me was unimpressive.My mother will not be going to TLC.
1	Very unprofessional and sketchy staff - all the other yelp reviews will confirm this.You know a nursing home is bad when you call to get information on your family member who is receiving care and the rude/illiterate nurse you get a hold of refuses to identify themselves - won't even give you their first name.  What kind of nursing home hires people like that?Later we found out my family member ended up hospitalized due to dehydration.  They refused to assist my family get information about his care after he was "discharged" - that was the word they kept throwing around even to my family member while he was still there waiting for an ambulance.If you are considering placing a family member in this facility, read these reviews and also this news story: http://www.8newsnow.com/story/23140454/nursing
1	Don't know where/how to start this review - I will start with, if you can find ANY other place to send your family members for care, it would be in your best interest to do so.  My moms insurance company gave her no choice to go here.  Repeatedly I arrive to visit her and she is in a wet diaper and has been for a very long time due to the smell. I lost my cool and a nice person (wish I could remember her name, great smile, not a nurse, someone with authority) told me should would find someone to help.  She stopped a man in the hall and he gave her instructions to find a nurse.  Later I found out this man was the ADMINISTRATOR and he passed my need for help onto someone else.  In a nutshell, don't bother making a complaint the director of nursing will NOT return phone calls. Her name is Donna and the nurse who told me her name told me not to tell anyone that she told me her name as she would be fired. I could go on but it makes me more angry to think about it. Positves, clean facility, allows healthy pets to visit, decent food. Cons, unhappy nurses, poor care, no one who can help will listen at the management level.
1	I am giving this place zero stars.  My grandmother was sent to this hell hole, to build and regain strength. After being at TLC for almost 10 days,  my grandma had been vomiting large amount of green vomit for days, Her blood pressure was finally checked and it was so low, they rushed her to Er. My grandma is now laying in ICU, with the worst Pneumonia one can have. All of this is caused by lack of staff members doing what they are paid to do. ( Care for the patients) When my grandma arrived at the ER, photos were taken of her bed sores, and amounts of green vomit. My grandma was severely dehydrated, mal nourished , and know where near where  the recovery she should have been.According to several staff members at the hospital my grandma is currently at, say that TLC is well known for all of their neglect. I will go to my grave fighting to have TLC's doors closed and pray that all staff members get what they deserve when they need care someday.I am aware that when we get older, we will pass. There is no reason to take years away from anyone, due to laziness. This place has messed with the wrong family this time.
5	TLC Care Center gave me back my life ! I have been here over a year and plan on going home soon. I have received great care from my doctors, nurses, and the staff here. The physical therapy folks are the best ! God bless you and thanks TLC !!!
1	After being admitted to this facility my elderly friend received a few days treatment and then was constantly badgered to sign into a hospice facility called Solari. She was told by TLC that she could stay there up to 100 days. Then suddenly, after less than 2 weeks she was told she had to leave...period, no notice. Once again the Solari rep showed up only this time she stated that she could only stay 2 days in Solari. Moved her the following day. TLC on site social worker was usually no where to be found and never returned her calls or the many pages the receptionist made for her stating "I know she's here, I don't know why she's not responding".Avoid this place at any costs!
5	My mother has been at four different rehab centers in Las Vegas over the past 1 1/2 years...and for the last several months, we have been at TLC. We could not be happier with the service, staff and environment. There is always a doctor on staff, which is very hard to find in a rehab...the nurses are very knowledgeable, courteous and attentive...and have been dedicated to giving my mother consistent attention. I would highly recommend this facility to anyone who deeply cares about where their loved one is placed. We can't be grateful and thankful enough.
1	This place has unmotivated staff whom are mostly not happy or caring to the residents. Their standards are poor and utterly sad for any human being. Do not waste your breath here.
