5	Very friendly staff and my dog looked so cute when they finished! Great prices too. Highly recommend!
1	From behind the scene! I am not a scorned "fired" employee. I worked there for a week! I left on my own! My name is Elizabeth! I'm a animal lover and not afraid of telling my story of working here. i was absolutely disgusted!! I've been a groomer since 2006! I applied with Terry (the owner) and got the job before I even did my "test groom". Terry called me in to do a test groom on Sunday July 28th as soon as I walked in her salon "Bow Wow" the odor was pretty bad! The ammonia smell and musty smell was pretty bad. Let me tell you why. Besides the fact she has carpet at the front door ..that fur pups will mark she uses them in the kennels as well. How often do they get cleaned you ask?? I was there a week and didn't see any cleaning of them. We the groomers wash the dogs with a pesticide pump up sprayer she mixes her "secret ingredient" shampoo of woolite (yes laundry detergent) and dawn (dish washing soap). I went to "Ryan's pet supply" and got more "pet friendly" shampoo and conditioner to use the week I was there. I refuse to us the towels. When we are done using our towels we hang them on the clothesline in the back room to "reuse" on the next dog.  No we don't wash them, I'm pretty sure we have all done it..forgot a load of laundry in the wash forgot to put in in the dryer and the stench of the clothes...that's the smell of the reused towels!! Also if you tipped your groomer when Terry (the owner) was there.. Well good 90% chance your groomer didn't get it!!! I heard it from every groomer she has pocketed tips. Seen it with my own eyes on my last day. Heard if you say anything to her she will just deny it. So why bother since I was leaving anyways! I am writing this review as a animal lover. Previous employee of this company I would not trust with my personal dogs. Oh I didn't mention holding the dogs by the ears (request client dog) and pulling her personal dogs out of the kennel by their ears because she doesn't "spoil her dogs"  she's a breeder 30+ standard poodle plus mixed breeds seen "oops" pregnancy yea it's all about the money dog business for her. She is also the owner of "shear ecstasy" !
