3	This is a god little shop to go to.It can be a bit pricey on some things though.It offers all the usual things you would expect from a newsagents.The shop is run by two friendly people who are very helpful.
4	Walking through Bruntsfield, you'll likely encounter a select few of the so-called 'convenience' shops. These, namely being the reliable Scotmid and a smaller newsagent a little deeper into the Bruntsfield area.Bruntsfield News is my preferred candidate out of the said few and I can't put a finger on why. Pondering over this, it could be the laid back yet attentive staff - not poking their way around the shop as you browse, rather letting you peruse at will. I may have over analysed this. I simply prefer to get my paper and occasional choc bar from here. That is all.
4	We really take newsagents for granted.  Always there for that change for the bus; somewhere to get a quick drink or chocolate bar.  Few are worthy of mention, usually just a quick dash in and get what you need.This place, although pretty standard in what it offers, is great and one that I use often when out and about in Bruntsfield.  The staff are friendly without being overbearing, and actually chat with you whilst you're at the checkout - something that I don;t often experience with newsagents pretty much anywhere.Everything you'd expect to be there is there, and whilst it's not the range of products that draws me back each time, the knowledge that there's a friendly face at the till will keep me using this place.  A location opposite the bus stop into town is also really useful.  The previous review is right, but I think I may have stumbled across what it is that makes this place so likeable.
5	Bruntsfield News is one of the best local convenience stores in Edinburgh. Situated on Bruntsfield Place, this newsagents is in the centre of Bruntsfield - an incredibly handy shop for all those living in this area to pop into. This newsagents sells everything you would expect a place like this to sells such as newspapers, groceries, sweets and drinks which are very well priced considering the store is in Bruntsfield which tends to have a bit of a reputation of being overly pricey. The staff in Bruntsfield News are inviting and warm, but without being obtrusive - the best combination. I came into this store for the first time several years ago when I was new to Edinburgh to ask for directions to New Town as I was lost, and the woman I asked at the checkout was so lovely and she drew me a wee map telling me precisely where to go. It is rare that you find somewhere where the staff go out of their way to help you.  Since then I have always made a point of going to Bruntsfield News to buy my supplies.  There are fewer and fewer independent newsagents these days which is a crying shame, especially if they are all as amazing as Bruntsfield News.
