5	If I could rate " The Wide World of Maps" with all the stars in a constellation I would !! This store rocks !!! I am planing a trip to the Nordic countries and this store delivered !!! They had every map I was looking for, Iceland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden !! They also helped me update my Garmin so when Im driving over there I don't land in some Fjord ! street maps, topographical maps, wall maps, AZ four wheel'in maps !..........It's the Bubba Gump of maps !!!! Every kind you can imagine ! So if  you can't find what you are looking for at the book store, I can bet these guys will have it !! Bon Voyage fellow Yelpers !!!
5	If you're looking for some kind of special map for your next adventure, or even a basic road map for wherever, this place either will have it or can probably get it. I came in looking for the new version of the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest map a couple weeks ago, after no luck at REI. Not only did they have it, but they had about 10 copies of it! Sure, I could have bought it online, but if I can get it now, AND support a local business at the same time, then score!Staff was friendly and helpful, and you can tell they like what they are doing. Store is right off I-17. It's slightly difficult to pull in and out of their parking lot because of how close you are to the street, so be careful.
5	MAPS MAPS MAPS MAPS MAPS MAPS MAPS MAPS MAPS!!!!!!!!!Old maps. New maps. Big maps. Small maps. Paper maps. Laminated maps. Framed maps. Globe maps. This place has all the maps. I don't think they were too happy with me when I walked in one day looking for the cheapest world map I could find (I was only going to be tearing it up for an art project), but they totally had me hook line and sinker with the gorgeous framed maps, globes and vintage road maps they held within their walls. I will be back. Because cartography is awesome. And who doesn't want to dream about the places they can go?The staff is pretty well versed on maps. I've never seen anyone more knowledgable. It also looks like they will make you custom maps of an area you are needing (part of a city, etc...). Bonus is that they offer a AAA discount too. Because AAA doesn't have all the maps. Like world maps. You can only get those at a wide world of maps.
4	MAPS!What has two thumbs and loves maps? *points thumbs at self* This guy.I couldn't believe in this day and age, with the power of the interwebs, a store like this still existed. They have maps of all kinds and of all geographic areas, not just AZ and Phoenix. There are 3D maps, globes, travel books, pins and stickers for marking maps. IT'S GREAT!There was only one problem... and this is what kept them from 5 stars... they didn't have anything I was looking for. Although, a manager is supposed to be calling me to give a price on the map of my request, it's still a bummer that I don't have it in hand right now. I'm actually surprised they didn't call me back today too, hmmm. Anyway, it's still a cool place and I hope they can stay in business because even with all of our fancy technology, there should always be a place to buy paper maps. There's nothing manlier than rolling out a map on a table, looking at it inquisitively, making a few concerned grunts, and then pretending like you know where you're going.
