5	I have made the round of the valley's dry cleaners, and Uptowne is by far the finest there is. Thankfully it is not as well known as some of the others, but it is the best. Know you are going to pay much more than the dollar-cleaner on the corner, but your clothes will last longer, and the special care Uptowne shows each and every one of your treasured pieces shows.Got special buttons? They'll remove them before cleaning and replace them afterward. Replaced buttons and stain removal are all automatic. Special silk or wrinklable (is that a word) shirts? You'll find them stuffed with tissue paper on the hangar. Pressing is always done to the n-th degree and it has been extremely rare for me to find a mistake or problem.If you have collectible pieces or are picky about your wardrobe, the only one to trust is Uptowne. I'll stake (and already have) my vintage Versace prints on it!
5	Uptowne Cleaners is excellent. Clothes cleaning is exceptional, Dave Silliman is a darling (check his website), and the staff is always pleasant. I didn't think I would be satisfied when Maroney's closed nearby, but Uptowne is better. My friend drives from Anthem to bring her best clothes here. I've even seen a few high profile Phx residents with their exclusive designer wear more recently. (But don't let that stop you.)ps I have tried the so-called "Organic Cleaners" and they have ruined some of my clothes. I am apparently allergic to the "all natural" solution; once it's in your clothes, it just doesn't come out.
5	I used to bring my stuff to Maroney's, but after they closed I whored around for a new drycleaner in CenPho for a while.   I'll omit some of the horror stories.  Then when I started working at PRACTICAL ART, I noticed a steady stream of people stopping at Uptown Drycleaners two doors away.  Hmm, I hadn't even noticed them before.   Very unassuming storefront, just about 1 1/2 blocks north of Camelback on Central, on the west side of the street. Man, they do excellent work.   They find things in my pockets.  They fix my loose buttons.   The stuff gets returned to me smelling GOOD, not super-chemical-y.    And, sigh, it's not cheap.  I only bring my finest things there.  (I actually invested in a commerical "Jiffy" steamer for home and have found that I save a TON by steam-cleaning things that can be steam-cleaned rather than dry-cleaned.)Anyway like another reviewer mentioned, the owner has an awesome - um - diatribe(?)... yes he rants about how customers don't understand drycleaning ins-and-outs.  It's really interesting, I learned a lot, so check it out here: http://www.drycleandave.com/  (It's hard to find his website by just googling it).
1	My boyfriend had a beautiful, silk down comforter that he bought second hand before moving to Arizona.  The tag was in Japanese, so we didn't know how to properly clean it.  I took it to Uptowne Drycleaning and had a 15 minute conversation with the girl about the fact that it was silk down, that my boyfriend was IN LOVE with the thing, and that I just wanted it as clean as possible without ruining it.  She took my number and said if "Dry Clean Dave" had any questions, he would call me.  Four days later when I went to pick it and the rest of my dry cleaning up, they couldn't find it.  The next day I got a call from Dry Clean Dave.  He put it through a normal "processing cycle" and all of the silk filling "had become detached and clumped up in a ball."  He assured me over the phone that they were able to get the filling stretched out and I would be happy with the outcome.  When I asked if he had been told it was silk, he avoided my question and finally admitted that he had no clue it was silk, but that he treats "everything the same as if it's polyester."  When I got the comforter back, it was seran wrapped so I couldn't really see anything except that it was clean.  I got it home and none of the filling went to the edge of the blanket at all, and the tag was no longer legible. This is a one-of-a-kind.  we can't even find a replacement online.  We do know that Princess Diana used to use the same brand, so we can assume it's a very expensive blanket.  When I took the comforter in to the drycleaner, the tag was legible, though in Japanese.  The girl actually looked at the tag and commented on the fact it was in Japanese.
1	After posting this, I went in and asked for a cash refund, as I was not interested in returning and would not use a credit.  As mentioned by the owner, I was given the cash refund I requested.  I stand by all my other statements.
1	I turned to yelp to find a dry cleaners.  They were friendly, with lots of awards on the window.  That being said, I wasn't aware of the prices.  They did not quote the items I brought in, they just took them.  I paid 62 dollars for 6 items, including 20 dollars to clean a dress.  I am sure they did a good job, but I felt robbed with these astronomical prices.  If you want to take your items here be prepared to pay more to clean the items than you did to purchase them.
3	First, let me say that I absolutely love this cleaner. LOVE. Clothes are meticulously taken care of and they smell wonderful after being cleaned. I took in shirts to be laundered and pressed and was very happy with the results and returned again to have two shirts and a dress dry cleaned. Unfortunately, I cannot go back to Uptowne Drycleaning. Like, ever. They are way too expensive and I cannot afford them on my teacher's salary. It really makes me sad because I love the family owned business that's right in my neighborhood. But I simply cannot afford to spend $15.80 to dry clean a dress from Target that cost $39. My blouses? $7.90 each. Ouch. I wished they had their prices posted. I asked how much it was to dry clean a shirt and I was told $6-$7. I was embarrassed and should have taken my clothes back, admitted defeat and left. I was pretty ticked that the dress cost $15.80 to dry clean and the blouses more than the estimate. That's excessive and really ticked me off. So now I'm on the hunt again for a decent dry cleaner in the neighborhood... one that I can afford.
5	Family business and the best cleaners in town.  Everyone there is very nice and professional.  Highly recommend them! Yes they are not the cheapest in town, but they are the best. Like most things in life, you get what you pay for.
5	Fabulous service.  Fabulous cleaning.  Not such great prices...but you get what you pay for.  (and they speak English!)
5	Yes, it's a different Jane R.  We've been using Uptowne Cleaners for over 30 years. When we first began, we lived in the neighborhood. We moved to Scottsdale 10 years ago, and still use Uptowne.  It takes a bit more organization, but it's worth the effort.  I don't have to worry about lost or ruined items ... which, unfortunately happened when I left cleaning at the Pat's Cleaning near my home.
5	Fabulous people. The best cleaning. Honest, efficient, nicenicenice. Fact is, you do get what you pay for, and while they aren't the cheapest, I happily continue to use Uptowne because they take Care of my clothes and are a joy to work with. I cut back on other things, but not this. Superb, family-owned service I've used for decades is important! Dryclean Dave knows his stuff, by the way--more than anyone else I've ever found.  Strongly recommended.
1	I just picked up my dry cleaning from this place and my mind was BLOWN when the lady said the total was EIGHTY ONE DOLLARS!!  2 of my shirts were on the receipt as "fancy shirts" for almost SIX BUCKS A PIECE and my wife's dress was over FIFTEEN BUCKS BY ITSELF!Nothing was special care.  Nothing was delicate.  Nothing unusual at all.  11 shirts for laundry, of which even the non-"fancy shirts" were an astronomical 3-something each, 2 or 3 pairs of pants and a dress.$81 bucks and some change.  My dad owned many dry cleaners for over 30 years, of which many of them I worked in over the years, and NEVER in my WILDEST DREAMS would I have thought I'd see the day when getting a dress drycleaned was over 15 bucks getting a shirt laundered and pressed was nearly 6 bucks a pop.  Never.I'm surprised to see such positive reviews of this place.  They can be the nicest people on the planet and do excellent work but, at the end of the day, this place is a complete and total rip off.I never thought I'd say it but man...I just got taken to the cleaners...
