5	This is where you go in Vegas if you actually want a good steak. Not Smith & Wollensky's... Mon Ami Gabi is nice for on-Strip, but its not like T-Bones. For a hands-down flawless dinner, you come to T-Bones. First, they have the BEST crabcakes on the planet. Then follow your tastebuds to your favorite cut of meat - always perfect; and order the sides - all amazing, but the cauliflower/horseradish is superyum. (You'll still be thinking about how amazing the crab cakes were). Then after your most wonderful steak and sides, save room for the final decadence... and this is a secret... not on the menu: Order the gelato cart - the cute gelato girl will wheel over this huge cart of gelato and "toppings" that are each mini-desserts themselves (brownies, cheesecake, etc). Here's the secret: ask her for the Pistachio gelato. Its not in the cart. They keep in in the back, in the freezer. Only special people know about this. ;)  Get the toppings on the side so you can try the Pistachio gelato all by itself first - AMAZING. It will definitely make a culinary impression. There you go - I just gave you the magic keys to a flawless and delicioso dinner in Vegas. Service is five star, needless to say. Optional: beautiful outside patio dining with an outside bar, firepit lounge and partial view of the beautiful pool. That alone is a nice place to hang out, snack and drink.They also make good drinks in the high-roller room in the Red Rock... go, its worth the drive.Sink your fork into tender, oversized dry-aged prime steaks, signature bone-in meats, and fresh fish flown in daily at T-Bones Chophouse & Lounge. A meat-lover's mecca with masterful preparation and a 7,500-bottle wine loft, T-Bones never fails to tempt and delight. Enjoy a cocktail in the piano bar or heat things up by the fire on the patio, overlooking the hypnotic pool scene, complete with its own DJ.
4	This place has big ceilings. All I gotta say is : WOW. So I get my infamous Dry aged bone in ribeye. Sauce on the side. Yea I always am reminded that I love steak. I love red meat. It tickles my fancy. I like the way I tend to get karnal and heated....I feel like a man. A caveman who can't get good insurance but hell. I am MALE! Yea Make sure you get that medium rare. Carpaccio....raw slices of steak....very good. Mmmm Cocktails and wine selection is good. Scallops - EXCELLENT. Over all a nice steakhouse. Staff was pleasant.  They serve chicken and seafood. So something for everyone. But hell with that.... back to me....being a man....and his steak...
4	i'm just gonna come out with it.piece de resistance - 32 oz lobster tail. ya baby! best part of the whole dinner.it didn't matter if i had the dover sole, the petit filet, fresh poke, beef carpaccio, endless pieces of bread with raisins in it, the prime rib, the creamed corn or the creme brulee (which were all very good I should add). the mega-pincher was the gigantor lobster tail (ONE!) that was split between the 4 of us. didn't have to put butter or nuffin. perfect the way it was. twas the highlight of the night....oh until i hit my number on roulette. that was even sweeter.
5	To quote my friend Mary Grace, "everything was Yum".First of all, I am still on my low carb thing so the steak house was a good choice.  I must admit that when I saw the bread basket full of rustic breads, I started to sweat.  Then when Jan started showing me the olives in the bread and moaning how wonderful it was, I grabbed a small piece, slathered it in butter and scarfed it down.  Damn was that good.  Then Susan and Jeric kept carrying on about the raisin nut bread and again I cheated and had a small piece.  It was the best bread I ever had.  The waiter here was great and we ordered a bunch of menu items to share amongst the four of us and the waiter was very accommodating.  The Rib-eye with cilantro sauce was great.  Jeric even liked the sauce and he generally refers to cilantro as the "devil weed".  The short ribs over mashed taters were also very good, as were the salads that we ordered and the asparagus with holandaise sauce.A great place to eat!
5	This place was freakin' delish! I mean, really. It's pricey, but worth it for the flavor. The waiter was extremely knowledgeable, and was able to help several of us with our entree decisions. I had the spare ribs and I am STILL thinking about them.
5	t-bones is super yummy.  my bf had the salmon and i had the filet mignon.  all the sides were great too.  i think we ordered the spinach, mashed potatoes, and this tomato-cheese dish.  the only thing i would have preferred was a white cheese on the tomato dish.  they used the american singles type...which i suppose i understand, because it's supposed to be an "american" dish.  other than that...the servers were all great.  everybody was really friendly and attentive.
5	This place is amazing, well worth the price.  Attentive service, good cocktails and wine, great menu, fresh seafood and perfectly prepared meat.  My boyfriend and I still remark about our meal at T Bones.  It is by far the best food in Red Rock and one of the best places I have ever eaten.  I always say I don't care what the price is if the food is good.  T Bones was somewhere in between on price but one of my favorite dining experiences ever.  I only eat seafood, and there was enough of a choice, the end result being prepared perfectly and very flavorful.  Yummy mac and cheese side.  We need to go back!  Ambiance is great - clean, modern, high ceilings, warm "fireplace" and they have their own restroom so you don't need to wander into the casino.
5	For a casino steakhouse, and an off-strip one at that, this place is really, really good.  I've gone there with coworkers, with friends, and even alone, and everyone has always enjoyed their meal there.  Hostesses are nice to look at, too. :)
4	I had dinner here with my family and it was quite good. It's a fancy place, but I wasn't dressed very fancy and they were fine with that anyway (after all, this is a Vegas casino). I had the ahi tuna steak, which was great (although it had peppercorn halves on top and I wasn't a fan of that). My boyfriend loved the swordfish and my mom really loved her filet. The only thing I'd complain about is that it took quite a while to receive our food, and we were eating early (i.e. it was really not busy). It made us late for the show we were attending that night.
2	The food was so incredibly subpar and average. In general I'd give a place like this a 3, but the service definitely warranted takes another star away...Once we placed our "cheapo" order (we only spent $150 between the 2 of us.. wow we are such cheapskates), the waiter gave us a rude look and disappeared for the night. He literally never came back. Our baked potato was served without any toppings, our water was never refilled.. it was awful. We literally had to hunt someone down 15 minutes after our potato was delivered to ask for some butter and sour cream. UGH. The worst part was we had a $25 giftcard as part of a package at Red Rock. They took the card, and then the next day when we went to check out, we saw they had made their tip on a $150 meal over $50... they had just applied the gift card to their tip. Are you kidding me? It took waayyyy too much fighting and hassle to get our $25 back. The front desk was rude, didn't believe us, etc, etc.. What a pain!Overall there are sooo many places in Vegas to eat an average steak (like Hugo's for instance), you might as well eat at one with good service too! If you want an amazing jaw dropping steak, there are plenty of places for that as well (Craftsteak, Strip Steak, etc, etc). Why settle for an average steak in a crappy place? What's the point?
5	been here twice now and its been great both times. the service the atmosphere the food, everything is worth your money. the baked sweet potatoes are amazing. the steakhouse salad is incredible and very filling i might add. Ive had the filet and the burger and man i have never had a beef patty that had so much flavor.
2	OK....so let's put it this way - I would have rather dumped the $300 we spent there on dinner and wine (2 people) into a slot machine than have eaten here....the food was pretty good....i was actually more impressed with the side of mushrooms than the filet and prawns....BUT, the real dissapointment during this dinner was the poor service - -  - the man bussing the table was more memorable than our server(s)?! ... We were pretty much just left out there in the dark with our steaks and $100 bottle of wine...we decided to get the bill - pack the steaks up - and eat in our room upstairs...lol. On a bright side, that $40 steak sure tasted good in the morning with my hangover! mmmmWe were however AMAZED at the food and service at Hachi in the Red Rock the next night.....omg that place was the BOMB (see my review).
4	Birthday dinner with my parents.  Decor is so great - dark, modern-ish, with a fireplace, all very cozy but classy.  Food is fabulous.  Appetizers were all awesome, TONS of side item choices (all of which were great), and entrees were incredible.  And our wine selection - a dry Australian cabernet around $130 - was perfect.  We had 2-3 very attentive waiters, and the sommelier also helped with the wine selection.  I'm not sure if we were the exception to the rule, or if the other yelpers happened to go on off nights, but our service was fantastic.Downsides would be - the prime rib was ridicously large (think John Candy in The Great Outdoors trying to eat that whole steak); and of course it's not cheap.  But if you're looking to splurge at a steakhouse, I'd recommend this, right in line with Strip Steak and craftsteak.Oh, and if you have a special occasion (which they asked when I placed the reservation), let them know - since it was my birthday, they delivered a free slice of some of the best cheesecake I've ever had!!
4	Have been a couple of times, though I've only eaten at the bar as I stay at Red Rock on business sometimes.  I've had great service from the barbie staff.  The steaks come out as ordered and a decent wine list make this a good but not great place.
2	Disappointing.  If you are looking for a steakhouse in Summerlin, just go to Flemings.  First, we made a reservation on Open Table.  They claimed to not have it, but when I looked on my Blackberry the reservation was there and we got the points.  I don't know if they were trying to get around the fact that they couldn't seat us right away or someone screwed up.  I could overlook that, but it got worse.We ordered the bone-in rib-eye, petite filet mignon, lobster tail, tomatoes with spinach & cheese, truffle tater tots and a bottle of wine.  The wine was good.  But they didn't make the wine.  The food took forever to come out.  I can be understanding about that.  The kitchen is in the weeds.  But the servers (we had two) should at least come by and say something reassuring.  Instead they avoided us like the plague until the food came out. The tomatoes were awful.  Don't get them.  They claim it is specialty and that is just sad.  The waiter immediately informed us that the tomatoes come with American cheese and asked if we wanted another kind of cheese. American cheese is just weird (Kraft singles?), especially on $10 tomatoes, and I'm assuming they got a lot of complaints.  We ordered them with jack cheese but it was still awful.  The spinach is obviously frozen.  Ugh.  The tater tots were ok.  Not a lot of truffle flavor.  But it takes mad skills to screw up a tater tot.  The lobster tail was really tough and nasty.  Plus, they gave us the drawn butter way to early and all they have to keep it warm is a sad little tea candle.  The bone-in rib eye was ordered medium rare but came out well done.  And the table next to us ordered their steaks well-done (yeah... whatever) and they got medium rare.  Needless to say, food was sent back.  On the positive side, the petite filet mignon was perfect.  Yummy, yummy.  But not enough to save the meal.  I really wanted good lobster.  Oh well.  Plus, the clientele that comes to this restaurant is not normal.  Ignoring the couple that ordered their steaks well done, we sat next to 2 girls who wanted to tell EVERYONE that it was their anniversary.  Then they would wait for a reaction (no reaction from anyone) and they would explain that they are not lesbians and it is their "friendship anniversary".  As if there is even such a thing. Also, these people brought their kid who promptly passed out in the chair in a very awkward position.  I admire the girl's ability to sleep anywhere, but come on, if your kid is about to pass out, don't go to a steakhouse! At least we saw Steffi Graf and Andre Agassi! They're great!
5	We decided to come here for our anniversary dinner and it was worth every penny. The breadbasket was really tasty, they had this pretzel bread that was to die for. I ordered the Prime Burger, it was outstanding. My wife ordered the salmon, it was great too. The baked potatoes are HUGE. I ordered Garlic Mashed Potatoes, I couldn't finish them. We had a shrimp cocktail, some wine and our entrees and it was a little under $100.00. The service here is great, they have a big fireplace (kind of ironic for being in the middle of the desert, but whatever it's cool) and the staff is very friendly and accomodating. We will definitely return next time we are in Las Vegas.
5	I'm so shocked that this place has many low or even mediocre reviews.  I thought it was absolutely delightful.  I was actually worried because I made the reservation BEFORE I read the reviews, but I'm so glad I still went through with our plans, regardless of what I'd read.We went with another couple to celebrate our anniversary, and truly enjoyed every item we ordered.  The bread basket was a nice start, it contained a varied selection including pretzel bread, olive bread, raisin bread, and thin large cracker-type bread.  Very interesting and tasty.  In general, this restaurant offers extremely large portions, even the salad.  The baked potatoes were enormous (I recommend splitting) and one order of asparagus was enough to feed all four of us.  This is great because the items are a la carte, and can add up quickly.  The meat selections were the most expensive, but delectable - totally worth it.  (We had filet mignon and another guest actually had buffalo, he loved it.)  They bring you various sauces for the meat and we ordered a delicious side of sauteed mushrooms - YUM.  Make sure to do that.  Add in an impressive wine list and this place was perfect.  Oh, for dessert, you have to try the fried oreos.  They are divine - they taste like a melted oreo inside funnel cake, and they come with vanilla ice cream.  Heavenly.  I have nothing negative to say, but expect to pay about $100 per person if you have a couple of glasses of wine.
5	This is one of the few steakhouses that can get the meat charred on the outside like Steak Florentine and keep it red and perfect on the inside.  Absolutely fantastic bone-in rib eye.  Nice wine list by the bottle and glass.  And they use nice glasses for the wine.  You can eat at the bar too which is very large and cool.  T-Bones is a favorite for me.
5	This place is very stunning and dramatic.  I have a personal weakness for red walls, so I was impressed from the minute I walked in.  Went during a holiday weekend, and it was pretty empty.  Had the steakhouse salad, which was ok, but the rack of lamb provencal was one of the yummiest things I've ever tasted.  Perfect sear on the pistacchio crust, and perfect medium rare.  I would definitely go back to Red Rock just for this.
5	Order the "Godzilla" (giant Lobster tail).  It's the largest you'll see and it doesn't breathe fire, nor is it radioactive!  OK they don't call it Godzilla and I only saw someone else eat it at my table, I had the bone-in rib eye which was fine.  The sides are giant as everyone attests to, and the bread basket has a nice assortment.  I tried the steakhouse salad but it was chopped too much for my taste, my bad, not really an indictment of the salad.  This is the top end of the price scale for a vegas trip.  Sides we tried were mac n' cheese (I can't avoid this), the white corn (seasonal) and some garlic mashed.  All good.  Three glasses of wine all round, so dinner for 3 including tax and the Godzilla (NOT including tip) was $300.  Plan accordingly.  Nice service and a good place for a special occasion.  Look around the walls and you will see a lot of dice in a certain spot.
2	I'm basing this purely on the food and not the experience.  The ambiance is wonderful: four stars unquestionably.  The same applies for the entire hotel.  The designers did a great job making this a classy, yet unpretentious atmosphere.  The service at this restaurant was very good. Diane did a great job as did the busboy (?); both were very knowledgeable on the items and we didn't feel rushed.  The bread was also very good and we'll stop there.The tomato soup was very acidic, and could have used some more cream, salt or perhaps should just scrap that recipe altogether.  The cauliflower mushrooms in brown butter were greasy/oily, and very unappetizing.  Diane was gracious enough to scratch those items off the bill and brought my wife a bowl of french onion which tasted much better albeit nothing extraordinary.My wife ordered the filet mignon and I ordered the T-bone.  Both cuts were cooked as ordered, although both were dry and unmemorable. The sauces were probably intended to add flavor to a flavorless meat and we didn't care for any of them. For nearly 50 dollars a piece, we expected something divine, but I've picked up better stuff at my local Safeway.  If I had paid 25 dollars, our leftovers would have gone in the trash, but I managed to get a couple of burritos out of them.  For as much as this restaurant charges (our bill came to over 200 dollars), I would give this 1 star, but the service was excellent and the atmosphere was very nice.  It's a good thing the wine wasn't corked.  For those that don't eat out a lot, it's worth going, but if you're a food connoisseur,  save your money.
4	Okay.  YUMMM!In town for work - and sadly sick the entire week ... So my Vegas experience on this trip consisted on dinners out and some shopping ... On top of my work! ;)  And I must admit that we dined here twice ... Clearly, we enjoyed!A girlfriend and I sat at the bar on this night at TBones.  It was Monday night football, packed restaurant and bar.  We finally scored 2 seats together, right in front of 1 set of TVs and prime location.  The bartender was very nice and attentive.  She was soon to be shocked at how much food my friend and I ordered.  Hey, we wanted to get a taste of so many things ... We did.On our menu:Cauliflower Mushrooms - sounds random. looks like little ribbons. tastes delicious!Macaroni and Cheese - to die for. large noodles. 4-5 cheeses. sinful.Lump Meat Crab Cocktail (this was on 2nd night) - fresh. generous portion. yummy.Petite Filet Mignon - more than enough for this girl - especially in accompaniment with all the sides. plus i added real horseradish. spicy. tender. tasty.the sad thing ... we never got to taste the desert - we were so full come desert time we just couldn't do it to ourselves - our thighs - our bellies ... : (  Only 2 downers of TBones:1- The hostesses were annoying. snobby. not helpful. not educated on their surroundings. they need a lesson in how to treat the customer.2- Be prepared to spend the evening here.  The service isn't the quickest, but you will enjoy the process.
4	The steak (petite filet) was one of the best steaks I've ever had.  It was like butter, cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth.  Service was so-so, but it was an extremely busy night and we got a table at the last minute because of a co workers American Express Platinum Concierge service (obviously they were booked).  I enjoyed the bar and the outside patio was nice.  If I were to stay here again, I'd go to this steakhouse for sure.
3	Beautiful interior design.  Loved the big fireplace and really appreciated the ambiance.  Classy and contemporary; not overly stuffy.The bread basket was fantastic, especially the olive bread.  The salad I had -- I think it was the California? -- not so fantastic.  Very bland, and kind of limp greens; not fresh enough. I'm not sure if it was romaine or iceberg lettuce, but it wasn't very good. The lump meat crab cocktail was decent.My dinner party shared several sides, the most notable being the scalloped potatoes and the creamed corn.  The tomatoes with spinach and cheese were not as good as I'd hoped ... heavy and, again, lacking in freshness.My entree, the Dover Sole, was mediocre.  Not terrible, but not nearly as flavorful as I was hoping it would be, especially for the price. I almost never eat beef, but someone else in my party had the rib-eye steak, so I tried a bite and I have to say ... it was pretty incredible.  The portion sizes were ridiculously large.  Each entree could have easily been split among three people, they were such huge chunks of meat.For dessert, our party of six split the brownie sundae and the deep-fried oreos.  The oreos were nothing like what I expected ... they tasted quite good, but I could only take one bite before feeling overwhelmed.  The sundae was nothing special.It was a pleasant dining experience, and felt nice to indulge, but I was disappointed in many of the dishes we had.
2	Man, I really wanted to like this place, the restaurant is beautiful, and the service is first-class, but then I begin to eat..... very uninspiring from start to finish, the sauces were bland, the salad was bizarre, the veggies over cooked, the meat was tender but not yummy, I mean what the hell they make you think it's a fine steakhouse. I did see a sign for the Yardhouse coming soon, so. Take a good look at this place before they shutter it.
4	Had a great steak here, and the portions of the sides and salads were huge.  The prices were steep, not getting a break for being off the strip, 24oz bone in dry aged prime ribeye for 52 bucks, expected I guess.  They marinate this steak in a cilantro garlic sauce and I usually don't like good steaks marinated but it was awesome and was perfectly mild compared to the beef flavor.  It was thick and cooked perfect, juicy, extra tender, and seasoned perfect.  My girlfriend got the waygu (american kobe) skirts steak and we loved it, maybe more than my ribeye, strong delicious beef flavor and super tender for 39, a little small portion size but perfect for her.  The sides (mac and cheese, chopped salad, lobster bisque) where all real good and real rich, maybe too rich, maybe? Even the chopped salad felt real unhealthy but was delicious.  The bread selection was awesome and served hot, so overall the food was great.The bad was our service was below average, kind of bad even and the corkage fee was 35 bucks, ouch.  We did sit outside and it was real nice out there, perhaps thats why our server was hard to find as there were only a few parties dining al fresco but I wouldn't be the first to say that they had bad service, i would still go back.
3	Dined here on a Tuesday for a late fathers day. They were able to get us the private dining room in the back since we were a party of 12 with 2 kids.Bread basket was delicious! Bread was warm. I especially liked the white raisin break and those cracker things. But the food, not so impressive for the price. I got the summer special sea scallops, but the preparation and marination covered the taste of the scallops itself. The bf has lamb and that was good. Friend of mine had steak that was alright. The tater tots, though... Delicious!!Our server was nice, probably cause she already knew she was getting a huge tip! But food took a really long time and wasn't that great. The sides were good though.And then the dessert! The bf got the brownie sundae, that thing was huge! And pretty yummy. Also got the toffee cake (too sweet), fried Oreos (didnt care for it) and molten cake (can't go wrong with that! But I've had better)Overall, food was mediocre and took a long time. Private dining area is nice. Staff was pretty friendly. But I had such high expectations that were not met.
3	Went to the Red Rock Casino  for the Passover buffet on March 29, 2010.  Waited 1 hour in line with No end in sight  so we left,  along with  A lot of people, the rest of the people in line were complaining especially the locals.  They only had 2 cashiers and 1 hostess seating. No manager was on duty.Went to T- Bones instead.Great atmosphere, but over priced for the amount of food and off the strip location. Dinner for 3 with 2 glasses of wine, 2 mains, No desert was $ 190.00 plus tip.Should consider having a rate for locals. Will go to the Red Rock Casino buffet tonight for the Easter Buffet. Review to follow.http://www.vegaspersonalshopper.com/review-red-rock-casino-feast-buffet-review/
3	Terrible treatment at check in last night. I show up at 8 for an 830 res and the hostess informs me that reservations are running 30 minutes late. The worst part is that she tells me to come back periodically to "remind" her about my reservation. As for the food. Overpriced! Rather go to the strip!
4	Food was amazing, service was top notch, and the decor gives it class. I really never thought a far off the strip steak house could win my heart but, I was so pleasantly surprised I did a mental double take.First let me start with the decor. The restaurant has a very open design with high ceilings, red rock style accents, and huge fire pits.  The place also sports a patio which overlooks the pool area and seems like it would be a fun spot if it weren't so cold right now.  In fact now that I think of it the huge fire place/walls of fire almost give you a feeling of being in an oven so perhaps they are trying to make us hungry in advance.So I ordered an appetizer from the seasonal menu, Foie Gras of course, the bone in prime rib, and the scalloped potatoes as a side. The portions are huge so you should count on sharing (the other people at the table ordered the Tuna Poke, Macaroni & Cheese, and the Brussel Sprouts). Before eating I had to try the cocktails, because really who needs a salad, and the menu was a fresh mix of interesting martinis. When the food came it was exactly as we ordered and looked great.  A side note to those of you that shudder at the thought of a "bone-in" steak. First the bone gives it flavor, second I am at the top of the food chain and I am happy about it so no I dont feel bad!Back to the food, WOW! I kept saying it over and over during the meal "I cant believe a place this well done and tastes this good exists off the strip".  The leftovers made my day too. In summation I would highly recommend this spot for a nice dinner out if you want to stay off the strip. And yes go bone in...*Full disclosure I was here for a food event*
5	We have tried just about all of the steakhouses in Vegas and this one is in the top three.  Not only was the food exceptionally good, the service was great and the restaurant was beautiful to look at.  AND the wine was reasonably priced!  This place has it all.
4	It's been approximately two weeks since I dined at TBones and I still remember every detail, bite, drink, flavor, and overall experience.  In one word - WOW!  These three letters summarize the service, food, quality, decor and overall experience!Our server was extremely well versed on the menu ... I even joked and said, "He knows his meat" ... which is not a bad thing for a steak house!We first started with the signature cocktails and ordered the seasonal appetizers - Foie Gras (melted in my mouth and was the most memorable several bites ever); Tuna Poke and the good old Tomato Mozzarella (which you can never go wrong with).And then came the meat - I think I said memorable several times already in this review and this falls under that description as well.  I ordered the 24 oz. "bone-in" Rib Eye ... needless to say it made for a remarkable leftover meal.  The meat was perfectly cooked and prepared and it simply melted in my mouth!In addition to the main course, we shared some side dishes that deserve stand-alone recognition as well: Brussel Sprouts (oven roasted delicacies with serrano ham), Macaroni & Cheese and the Au Gratin potatoes. My favorite were the sprouts - but I'm a sucker for those roasted gems! And they were prepared to perfection!A glass of pinot noir complemented the main course and I seriously didn't want the meal to end - but my stomach cried uncle before the mid-way point and the rest made for terrific leftovers!The decor in the restaurant was elegant and unassuming. A very comfortable and warm setting.  I'm already thinking of when I can return - yes, it was that good ... and memorable!
5	The RibEye was phenomenal! Love the deep fried Oreos!!!
5	They have a new happy hour, 5-7pm called T-time! Check it out!
4	Surprisingly good. Like my visit to Twin Creeks at the Silverton a couple weeks ago, T-Bones is a steakhouse I never thought much about, but was glad I tried. The look of the place is impressive. It's got an upscale, modern feel with some comfy looking booths and a large fireplace in the center of the dining area. To start, we got the crab cakes ($18). The waiter said the crabs were from the Philippines. "I've never had Filipino crabs before," I replied. My wife snickered and said, "I hope not." The humor was lost on our waiter.The order came with two sizeable crab cakes. They had little filler and large chunks of crab meat. Although the crab meat looked darker than your typical Maryland crab meat and wasn't as sweet.Next up was an order of the Tbones Steakhouse salad ($12). It was a large serving that they split for us at the table. It was one of the better salads I've had in a while, with it's chopped lettuce, tomatoes, bleu cheese dressing and chunks of bacon. You can never go wrong with bacon.For our entree we split the 12 oz. filet ($48). Again, they split it for us tableside. It was a delicious cut of beef that was lightly seasoned. At other places (like Cut or Delmonico) they season their steaks so much that the flavor is like getting a swift hard kick in the ass. That can be a god thing if you like bold flavors (I do). Here, the flavor is like a gentle tapping on the shoulder to get your attention. The waiter brought out complimentary sauces for the steak -- bleu cheese and a bearnaise. I didn't care much for the bearnaise, but the bleu cheese had a sharp and tangy flavor to it that went well with the beef. I don't normally like sauces with my steak, but this was a nice change of pace.We also ordered two sides -- the garlic mashed potatoes ($10) and the royal trumpet mushrooms ($12). Each was a substantial amount, good enough for a party of four to share. The mashed potatoes were decent but forgettable. The mushrooms were served in a sauce that had the consistency of gray. It smelled amazing and tasted pretty good.Their dessert menu looked good but we didn't have any room left to eat more. We even had plenty of leftovers to take home.The service was solid throughout the night. Our main waiter seemed very busy with all of his other tables, but there were other waiters who stopped by to check in and take additional drink orders.With drinks, our bill (before tip) came out to $153.50. Not a cheap meal, but cheaper than many options on the strip and the quality was very good. It's definitely worth a return visit.
4	Great ambience especially happy hour (5-7pm) with low-key  live music. Happy hour is a great value at $5 per drink or appetizer.  Loved the braised pulled pork sliders, fried chicken on waffle, chicken pot pie and pear martini. Would love to come back to try dinner some time.
1	Went to happy hour. The crowd was ridiculous. I felt bad for the staff. They ran out of glasses? Not worth it
5	normally i would give this place 4 stars. the extra star is for the manager giving us a free round of drinks and moving our party to a regular table in the dining area during happy hour. awesome service...it was questionable at first, kind of slow. the happy hour specials are great! $5 cocktails/wine/beer and all food on the HH menu was also $5. i think between the 8 of us we probably tried all of the dishes on the menu. the steakhouse salad, pulled pork sliders, beef on weck, tator tots, chicken pot pie, chicken and waffles, shrimp cocktail...all of it was super yum. for dessert we had the deep fried oreos and creme brule...the oreos were soooooo good, not what i expected. i had the blueberry mojito and persuasion...both were really good and refreshing. HH is from 5-7pm...GO NOW! =)
5	This is the best happy hour I have ever been to! The menu is fabulous - not a bunch of crappy bar food. And the martinis were large and yummy. We tried just about everything on the menu, and we loved it all! Note though if you intend to go for happy hour, you better be there and line up around 4:45 otherwise you won't get a seat anywhere in the bar.
3	Bread basket good. Caprese salad, good. Steamed spinach, good. Mushrooms, slightly better than good. Steak on the bone, good. Nothing was great, and high priced. I'm not a steak connoisseur, but I just had a steak at the Park City Ruth Chris  that smoked this one. I will return because I live near by, but haven't had a great steak there. A bit pricey for what it is.  Nice decor, nice staff, but I felt my waiter kept pushing more and more food on us - it was like being in a fast food drive thru - "would you like fries with that?"  I thought I was being over sensitive but my date said the same thing (that the waiter didn't know when to quit).
5	I went last Memorial Day weekend for my brother's 50th birthday dinner.(8 adults,2 kids). Everyone sampled someone else's meal but most of the group got steaks (I didn't but wish I had tried the wagyu beef). I loved my crab cakes and the shared creme brulee. We had a private area & an attentive waiter. Good food but pricier than I would have wanted to pay (meal was a treat by my brother to all of us). We were there a good 3 hrs with drinks,meals & desserts and no one rushed us.
2	Happy hour in the bar is a steal if you can fade the crowds. The prices on the dinner menu are ridiculous when you consider they are a locals place. You can't charge as much or more than every top steakhouse in town and claim you "love your locals"!Plus with the bar being jam packed and that noise overflowing into the restaurant, who wants to have a $400 meal in that noise?
5	This is by far the BEST Happy Hour I've been to in town.  Drinks, Food and Dessert is all $5 and they don't skim you on anything. Happy hour is 7 days a week from 5pm to 7pm. Great atmosphere, diverse age group, it's good to network and meet new people.  Overall it's my favorite place to go and I look forward to it every Friday.  I've been on other days but the crowd is a lot better on Friday.  The more you go and meet new people the more it feels like family.  I always get the Steakhouse Salad and it's absolutely delish.  Be sure to get there no later then 4:45pm to line up or you'll be standing for hours.  Enjoy!
5	This is the best happy hour I've ever been to, and that's saying a lot, because I'm obsessed with "good deals", especially for food and alcohol. The $5 cocktails were phenomenal. I had a floral and beautiful gin cocktail that I'm craving right now. The $5 bar snacks?  Hello shisito peppers, shrimp, and chili cheese tater tots!  It's crowded, but worth it, and the bartenders are awesome with putting in orders just before the 7pm end time. My hubs and I were so happy about the bill that we later donated a few hundred dollars to the Red Rock craps table.
4	Our destination this evening was Red Rock Resort in Summerlin for T-Time at T-Bones Chophouse.  This nightly happy hour runs from 5-7PM and includes a large menu of $5 appetizers and drinks.  As bonus, the cocktail waitresses and female bartenders in their slinky black dresses and high heels are drop dead gorgeous.  There were also 4-6 suits milling about whose function I never figured out so they must be management.  We started off with drinks; Ann chose Peaches (4.5 Sips out of a possible 5) (absolute peach vodka, Pama Pomegranate liqueur, elderflower syrup, fresh peaches, Rock Candy syrup, fresh line and a sugar rim) while I chose the Blue Mojito Devil (4 Sips) (Bacardi Razz, Hiram Walker blue Curacao, fresh blueberries and fresh mint topped with club soda).  We than shared the TBones Steakhouse salad; a large portion of romaine lettuce, bacon, avocado, gorgonzola cheese, tomatoes and white French dressing.  (3.5 Forks)Our third order included a glass of Rodney Strong merlot and Chicken Pot Pie for Ann while I chose The Cocktail You Gave Me Last Time; Montecristo 12 year rum infused with fresh pineapples, vanilla beans, cinnamon, pineapple juice and brown sugar topping (3.5 Sips) and Beef on Weck; a healthy heap of prime rib sliced thin on a roll served with French Fries, au jus and 3 horseradish sauces (3.5 Forks).   The bill for our drinks ($20) exceeded our food ($15), but it was all covered, minus a $6 gratuity, by Ann's points.
5	Truly the most beautiful restaurant I have dined.  Breathtaking!  They also have excellent steaks and seafood.  I like the crab appetizer, they give you four times more crab versus a similar appetizer at STK Steakhouse at the Cosmo.  They also have Niman Ranch all natural grass fed steaks and pork, far healthier and more flavorful/tender compared to unhealthy corn fed full of antibiotic and hormone conventional beef!Wayne Gorsek
5	My ablsolute favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  I love the rib eye w/ Creamed spinach & a baked potato.  De-Lish!!   I used to go in at least every other week, somewhat less often these days, money being what it is, but the gals at the bar are more than just eye candy (although we DO sit at the bar  ;-) ), they also make a killer Martini.  Off the strip and well wort the trip!!
4	Nice interior with warm read colors, high ceilings, and spacious, open setting.  I ordered the aged ribeye.  Very tasty, not the best I've had, but still very good.  The butter-cilantro sauce that came with it was flavorful and unique.  My reasoning for 4 stars is the sides.  Sauteed spinach was solid, but mac & cheese & garlic mashed potatoes were bland.  However, dessert was excellent.  We had a sour cream toffee cake.  One of the best desserts I've ever had.
3	Thanks to a Yelp Elite event my husband won a 100 dollar comp here, otherwise we probably could not afford to eat here without celebrating something.  We have been to a few Station Casino steakhouses and this one most certainly has that Station feel to it.  The menus are pretty much the same throughout the Stations family with slight variations in appetizers, sides and desserts. We started off with the typical bread basket, and by far the pretzel bread was the best.  It didn't have that funky after taste to it like I had expected and I'm glad I gave it a shot.  It was the only appetizer that I had.  My husband on the other hand ate an entire plate of rock shrimp tempura.  It looked really good and I had to restrain myself from eating it and remind myself it was indeed seafood and seafood is poison.  By the way, if you are a seafood hater like me and are not craving a salad or soup you are pretty much SOL for appetizers here.  My hubby and I both had the filet mignon, shared a basket of sweet potato fries and the macaroni and cheese.  The mac and cheese was cute with little twister shaped pasta, but it tasted a little off.  The sweet potato fries were good and came in another twister shaped bucket with a fake newsprint wrap.  We ended with deep fried Oreos and a traditional banana split.  The Oreos were truly awful and the banana split was good, but big enough for two.  The best part was the vanilla ice cream.   Nothing stood out as spectacular, but it was a decent meal.Service started off beautifully with introductions, recommendations, and explanations.  The staff was amazing, we got checked on by servers, bussers, management, I think the general manager even stopped by for a moment.  The table was swept up quickly and the first round of drinks were prompt.  My only complaint, can a girl get a refill?  The answer is apparently, no.  T-Bones is great, but for me the Charcoal Room at Santa Fe is still my favorite Station steakhouse.
4	T-bones is one of the many steak house that Station Casino has to offer. I would probably have to rank this up there with the best. Located at Red Rock Station Casinos off Charleston and 215. It may be a long drive but well worth the view. Red Rock itself is a very nice place, but focusing on T-bones, the restaurant is amazing on its own. The place was very roomy and very well decorated. Got lots of room to move around, and nice seating arrangements. Not to crowded is how I like it. Arriving to T-bones, we're greeted by the receptionist who checked us in and our Host Dave was nice enough to direct us to our booth. He helped us be seated. He was very informative and entertaining as well. A few seconds later we were greeted by Ricardo, who offered to get us some drinks. Shortly afterward we were greeted by Darlene, who took our order. They were all very informative and entertaining as well. This being our first time at the restaurant, Darlene gave us a lot of inside scoop on what they have regarding the view of the pool, to what they do at catering parties and holidays. Over all, the staff was very excellent on helping us out. One thing that did get to me is the refills on drinks, was a bit on the slow side. Then again, I understand it was beginning of the dinner rush, so they got busy in the end of our visit. The food itself, was amazing. The wife and I got Fillet Mignon, she got the 8 ounce and I got the 12 ounce, both medium.  We also got the shrimp for starters, then sweet potato fries and macaroni for our sides.  The presentation was very well done, and taste was really great.  The Fillet Mignon itself was very well cooked just the way I like it.  I understand others may not get their food prepared the way they want. But I for one, like the way it was cooked and presented.  Dessert, I had the Fried Oreo, which was very good and tasty.  It had ice cream on the side, so it made it more wonderful to eat.  The wife had a banana split, and to be honest, its like any other banana split out there, but very good.  Over all, I really did enjoy myself and highly recommended when looking for a steakhouse.  The pricing might be up there, I would probably say 60-80 bucks per person.  But I believe its well worth it.  The view of the restaurant, and Red Rock itself.  With the informative waiters and the energy they bring.  To the presentation of your food and the quality of it.  I believe its very well priced.
5	The steaks are great... We think they are the tastiest in town.  Denise is a wonderful server and will always give you the best advice possible.  Favorites are the chopped salad but beware it does have bacon and blue cheese, so if you do not like that, ask for it without and they will bring it on the side or not at all.  Also the shrimp cocktail is huge and always fresh, the sauteed mushrooms are yummy.  Wine steward Juan is such a gentleman and always goes above and beyond to help in any way possible.  Vince watches over the restaurant and clients to give the best service in Summerlin.  We just wish Red Rock Casino gave better comps, as the Palms Casino, for example are so much more generous.  With the exception of the skimpy comps, T-Bones is exceptional.  The outdoor seating is wonderful in the good weather months.
1	Stick to Beef, seafood is not fresh, a disappointment at RedRock.  Won't be back
4	We had a little left on a Station Casino gift card and a weluvlocals.com coupon which made this a very reasonably priced dinner for us. I really like the atmosphere and style of the restaurant itself. The big fireplace on the left side makes it feel cozy, the high ceilings and their outdoor bar is the best place to have a beverage or 7 in all of Red Rock. I noticed a lot of complaints about the prices in other Yelp reviews. Here are some ways to keep dinner under some kind of budget: 1. Skip the appetizers completely. Let's be honest. There's nothing you haven't had before here. Crab cakes, caprese salad, oysters, shrimp cocktail..zzzzzzzzzzzzz. And there's no way they'll do it better than your favorite place anyways. The bread is good enough here if you're starving. Plus you're at a freakin steakhouse for chrissakes! I for one always end up getting tons of things boxed up since the portions are so big. Why stuff yourself with pricey and meh things? 2. Go with the Chateaubriand for $99. Its a complete dinner for 2 and it comes with a rainbow of roasted vegetables and potatoes. That means you don't need to pay for $10 side dishes. On a side note, it continually blows my mind how any steakhouse charges $10+ for steamed asparagus. Good god! I want them to at least work a little bit on the damn vegetable. Grill it!! Sautee it!! Show me the chef put some elbow grease into it. It's simply wrong on principle alone to spend that much on steamed anything unless it's a whole fish. Like any real restaurant that serves Chateaubriand, they will cook the beef tenderloin table-side, carve it and plate it in front of you. Its like the soft rock music of steak to teppenyaki's heavy metal. The presentation could also be potentially semi-impressive if you're on a first date. Just throwing that out there. The tenderloin itself is good enough and enjoyable. No way can it compare to some other places in town but it still makes for a nice steak dinner. 3. You could also keep it cheap for dessert by going to the Grand Cafe or Ben and Jerry's in the food court. Neither of which we did since we were so stuffed from the entree but there's another suggestion. I would only come back here for a proper dinner if I had a significant discount. There are too many other cows in the sea.
5	best ribeye ever!you won't regret it!
5	Happy hour Sun-Th is great! You can sample a bunch of menu items, all quality food. The chicken and waffles are amazing, signature cocktails are amazing and all between $5-$9 an item. It's fun to go with girlfriends or a light dinner with my husband!
1	Overpriced, mediocre at best. . . Not worth it overall. You can't eat the atmosphere !
4	OK; just a short review.  Some friends of mine have encouraged me to write this review and add it to the yelp postings.  I ate here twice last year, as a guest of the management of the casino.  Both times were great.  I ate steak (obviously) both times; once the $52 bone-in rib steak and the other time the $56 lamb chops.  Very delicious, as was the sides.  This establishment is very nice and the food and booze and wines are great, but pretty expensive.  Well, not ungodly expensive, but pretty darn expensive if you ask me.  My scotch costs like $25 a shot, and my wine was like $350 for the bottle (retail price is $149).  So in conclusion, if you want a very nice place and a very good meal, you won't be disappointed by going here, but just remember that it is a pretty pricey place.
5	I love this place. The food is delicious. The steak is perfect. The sides are amazing! I have been here a number of times and I will keep going back. If I'm looking for a delicious steak dinner that is on the expensive side I'll always go here.
5	When you are paying close to fifty dollars for a steak, you'd better get a good one. T-bones delivers.The space is beautiful, with high ceilings and spectacular casino-style decor. Service is excellent and attentive.But of course, you're there for the food. The steaks are uniformly excellent. My New York strip was delicious, with nice texture, and cooked perfectly. Other steaks at the table were as good. Sides are very good, but not wonderful. My onion soup was quite good. We didn't have desert, but the ones delivered to other tables looked great, with the beignets looking especially interesting.If you're at the Red Rock and you want to splurge, T-Bones is a good choice.
4	Here's what is great about T-Bones:  It is a great LV steakhouse without the attitude.  I had the veal cop and my wife had the basic filet.  Both of our entrees were excellent.  Her filet was melt in your mouth fantastic.  My veal had a slight mesquite char to the outside but equally good.  We had the   Caesar and the dressing had a nice twist.  The price point is on the high side for off-strip and downtown premium steak restaurants.  But the service and atmosphere was great.  The RR is a great destination for a night out or a weekend stay and make T-Bones part of your plans.
5	This place is awesome. It is the typical a la carte probably a bit over priced, but I had a fantastic dinner.  I did the bone-in ribeye, my girlfriend did the veal.  Both were amazing.  The atmosphere was pretty cool with the fires and tons of yuppy, suit-wearing drunk guys with grey hair.  Overall we had a great time and will definitely be back.
1	Made reservations for Saturday night and requested Denise (our fav server). It's a little hit or miss with the servers so we try to always get her section. Came early and waited at the bar for a bit. Bar wasn't as busy as usual. Was steady but not like the usual craziness there. One of the drone hostesses sat us ... at a table in the bar area and not in our servers section. It was loud and well, it just sucked. We told hostess we would really rather wait for a normal table in a quiet section with the server we requested. We were told 30 minutes, grabbed some drinks and sat outside. Jennifer that works outside was really congenial and smiled and was courteous unlike the rest of the hostesses. Waited... waited. 30 minutes went by, then an hour. Spoke to hostesses who were totally unaccommodating said we still had to wait. Watched a walk-in couple come in and then promptly be seated in the section we requested. Wtf? Went back the hostess who gave us a blank look and got manager. Think that's when they realized they forgot about us and gave someone else our seats. So needless to say hour and half later no table, no food. Only crappy over priced drinks from a bartender who clearly didn't want to serve us. Vince the manager offered, after we'd already paid of course, to take care of our drinks. Also offered us a to go order =\ So I guess they at least tried...No thanks. While in the middle of our conversation another couple came in and interrupted him... he left us mid conversation standing there and chatted with them. What the hell? We just left and no one stopped us. Really surprised! We used to eat here pretty often.Over all a totally awful evening... at t-bones anyhow. Went over to Vinter Grill and had a nice dinner there instead. Love server Denise here and food is great. Rest of staff is unaccommodating and just plain rude. A shame because we really like this place. For price you pay its just disgustingly unnecessary. We are working parents so we don't get to go out often so its pretty disappointing to receive this kind of service. Time for a new restaurant.
1	The hotel concierge booked our 1st reservation which the restaurant claims they did not have, they then made a second reservation when we complained. Although we arrived twenty minutes early for our reservation we were seated forty minutes later, in a random manner without any regard to the time of our reservation. We watched several people come in after us with the same reservation time who were seated before us.There were far too many hostesses at the front counter and they all suffered from deer in headlights syndrome. I would not recommend this restaurant due to the bad taste left before even being seated. First impressions are everything, and this restaurant rates an F. I missed the warm welcome and prompt service  I "Always" receive at Ruth Chris, Lawry's, and Morton's! The service at this restaurant went downhill after finally being seated. We waited just as long for our food to arrive at the table. When it finally arrived the steak was not cooked as ordered and send it back to the kitchen. By the time we were done with our meal, half of the food was returned and we only ended up with corn and baked potatoes at a steak house. We had to ask for the charges to be removed from our check.
1	I was so excited to eat at T-Bones, the menu looked fantastic, and it was to be a special occasion with my family and friends. I cannot express how immensely disappointed with this restaurant we all were. I wish we had read the reviews about the wait time before. We knew it was going to be expensive, so were prepared for that, but everything else was beyond a joke.The staff were pretentious and unfriendly. They made no effort to accommodate the children we had with us, and had no idea about serving food for young kids.We waited over an hour and a half to get food, and that was despite chasing up with the staff several times. By the time it eventually arrived, one child had fallen asleep, and the others were so tired and upset they couldn't face eating. And to make things worse, the size of the children's portions were gigantic. Two of them burst into tears upon seeing their cheeseburger because it was so big they were scared to even attempt to eat it. The food for the adults in our party wasn't anything special, certainly not worth the over-inflated prices they were charging.Although we complained about the service, the server still insisted we paid a mandatory 20% gratuity. We spoke with a manager at the door, who promised to take care of the bill after we had reluctantly paid, however, over a week later I have yet to receive any form of a refund.My suggestion: if you're ever in this part of Vegas, eat at the Yard House or LBS Burger, avoid T-Bones. You have been warned.
4	Nice meeting you Beverly!Thank you for a wonderful evening and great food! The food and service were on point! Servings ample.Happy hour!! So happy...
5	The food here is amazing! The service here was impeccable as well. No words to describe how good and well done the steak was. Would most definitely come here again, worth every penny.
1	LOVE the atmosphere and at first glance the happy hour menu has some nice offerings but out of 4 things they were all awful.  Not a manager in site and the bartender forgot to make our drinks and then forgot to give us our check.  I would go for drinks but not dinner, the food was terrible.
5	The happy hour (M-F, 5-7) here is incredible! They have many items priced at $5 for HH. The ahi tuna nachos are exceptional! The festive cocktails are excellent! I got the white Cosmo which was perfect and the cotton candy martini which cannot be missed! The service was friendly and attentive. I like the bar ambiance at this place. It is far from the strip but I still think it is worth the drive over there.
5	This is only a review for the happy hour T-Bones has every Monday-Friday from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m.  The have a bunch of different appetizers for $5 and some very original drinks on special.  We had the Ahi Tuna Nachos (the best), pork sliders (awesome), crab cakes (okay), dirty duck ships (aka potato chips cooked in duck fat), fried oreos, and a bunch of other awesome tapas.  The blue cotton candy martini was incredible with great presentation as the waitress poured the martini mix over blue cotton candy in my glass.  The blue cotton candy melts into a glass of awesomeness.  Everybody at our table loved everything we ordered.  The service was also very helpful and put up with all our questions.  One of our party (who might have had 1 martini too many) left her phone in the restaurant and whoever found it (I assume it was the server) turned it into the lost and found...very nice.  Not a single complaint about this place.  Food-5 stars, Value-5 stars, Ambiance-5 stars, Service-5 stars.
5	T- Bones is a top tier steakhouse located inside the Red Rock. It's a great hangout for locals that take advantage of their happy hour specials (which are quite special), however, visitors might find it overly expensive and not focus on the total experience. I came here to celebrate my birthday on the 16th , the hostess was quite accommodating and offered us a choice of tables. I was very hungry and parched (it got hot quick in Vegas),so we quickly sat near the entrance of the restaurant.The atmosphere is upbeat , we had live music being played a musician on the piano. He was actually so good I thought we were listing to some sort of radio. The architecture is very modern and clean.Lots of red with dark accents. I saw a previous review mention the large windows in the elevated dining area, the windows are the strangest feature because yes you can see through them to the bar which has TV's and it is distracting. But TV's are nice if you just want to hang out at the bar. I'm not sure if drapes are the solution, maybe electro-chromatic windows that can be turned on and off depending on which part of the day your in??  I Digress...Their service is impeccable and we were served by Rick. We quickly ordered drinks and our courses. Apps: Caesar Salad. Ground anchoive, fresh CRISP romain, fresh parmesan, the dressing had a bit of a kick to it but it was a refreshing kick. Main Course: T-Bones is always willing to go the extra mile. We ordered a large fillet and some King Crabbie Legs, Rick was kind enough to split it table side.The Desert: Chessecake from Heaven. This cheesecake is so good,  my Yelp Profile image is now of me eating it. The cheesecake was fluffy and more cake-like cheese, but still had all that amazing sweetness. The crust was extra-thick grahm cracker.....soooo goood.  I will definitely be coming back, I tell my self I need to come in more often every time I am there.Thats why it got 5 starts: Great Food, Positively Outrageous Service, Stunning Design.
2	Was there Saturday night for dinner.  Very mediocre.  Nice ambience.  Food was average and expensive.  Service was sub par.  More than likey will not be going back.
2	We wanted to eat here but the hostess was so rude and indifferent we left. She truly couldn't have cared if we stayed or not. We were ready to spend the $100+ on dinner, but not with that attitude. We ended up at LBS hamburger place and had a great time with good food.
3	Made reservations for Saturday night well in advance and requested Denise (our fav server). It's a little hit or miss with the servers so we try to always get her section. Came early and waited at the bar for a bit. Bar wasn't as busy as usual. Was steady but not like the usual craziness there. One of the drone hostesses sat us ... at a table in the bar area and not in our servers section. It was loud and well, it just sucked. We told hostess we would really rather wait for a normal table in a quiet section with the server we requested. We were told 30 minutes, grabbed some drinks and sat outside. Jennifer that works outside was really congenial and smiled and was courteous unlike the rest of the hostesses. Waited... waited. 30 minutes went by, then an hour. Spoke to hostesses who were totally unaccommodating said we still had to wait. Watched a walk-in couple come in and then promptly be seated in the section we requested. Wtf? Went back the hostess who gave us a blank look and got manager. Think that's when they realized they forgot about us and gave someone else our seats. So needless to say hour and half later no table, no food. Only crappy over priced drinks from a bartender who clearly didn't want to serve us. Vince the manager offered, after we'd already paid of course, to take care of our drinks. Also offered us a to go order =\ So I guess they at least tried...No thanks. While in the middle of our conversation another couple came in and interrupted him... he left us mid conversation standing there and chatted with them. What the hell? We just left and no one stopped us. Really surprised! We used to eat here pretty often.Over all a totally awful evening... at t-bones anyhow. Went over to Vinter Grill and had a nice dinner there instead. Love server Denise here and food is great. Rest of staff is unaccommodating and just plain rude. A shame because we really like this place. For price you pay its just disgustingly unnecessary. We are working parents so we don't get to go out often so its pretty disappointing to receive this kind of service. Time for a new restaurant.***Ok part three of our T bones journey (a month later). My husband was jonesing for t bones and I begrudgingly let him give it another shot. He called, made reservations and explained our last catastrophe. Dinner was good. We again didn't get the server we requested but just gave up at that point. Had a nice dinner and when the bill came the manager comped it. So at least they seem to want to keep their regulars.I really appreciated that and we may be back.
2	Much better steakhouses elsewhere!
4	Great food, but a WARNING:From a dinner on Christmas Eve 2011: The steaks were excellent, the atmosphere was lovely, and the service was attentive. However, beware the champagne cart. The waitress managing that cart was informative about her selection, though not the prices (which were clearly displayed in the menu). However, she really pushed the Brut Rose. Then, when my daughter and each separately ordered the good but least expensive on the list (Imperial, I believe), she poured each of us a flute. But when the bill came, we learned that she had poured the Brut Rose for each of us, at $45 per glass rather than the $17 per glass that we had ordered. The other parties at our table clearly remembered us ordering the Imperial, but--as she commented--it was too late. BEWARE OF THIS SITUATION.
5	Ribeye! Ribeye! Ribeye! Got the message? Dave was one of the best servers I have experienced, he made it a true fine dining experience! Ask for him. The manager was very kind to let us in at 10p because of miscommunication, thank you! Oh yes I love that Pizza bread and hearts of palm salad too!
5	The family took me out to T-Bones for Father's Day. I had the urge for a steak and didn't want to venture down to the strip for dinner. Our reservations were set for 8:30 p.m. We arrived around 8:35 and were welcomed by a friendly hostess who seated us in a comfortable booth with a view of their spectacular fireplace centered in the dining room. Drinks were served. We enjoyed an appetizer of Oysters Rockefeller. Delicious! Next, on the advice of our server, we decided to share a 20 oz. bone-in ribeye, medium rare. This is more than enough for two!! We had asparagus, scalloped potatoes, and mac and cheese. The steaks were cooked to perfection! The sides were all delicious. The service impeccable.With mellow, live music playing in the background, the atmosphere was perfect.I can't wait  for the next special occasion to enjoy this place again!It's a good idea to dress nice when visiting T-bones, but there didn't seem to be any dress code enforced, which works well for me. This place is awesome!
2	My friends and I had reservations, for which we were at least 15 minutes early. However, even with reservations, they didn't have our table prepared and us seated until 15 minutes past our reservation time. No complimentary appetizers or drinks for making us wait??One person in the group got the grilled salmon, which was small, bland, dry, and worse than anything she could've made at home. Definitely not worth the 35 bucks or however much it costed. Never getting fish at a steakhouse again.Now, the main reason as to why I'm writing this review, to critique the steak. The number one factor for what makes or breaks a steak for me is FLAVOR, which this 52 dollar steak had NONE of. Sure they had that not so good sauce on the side that you could slather your steak in, but for me, the perfect steak just needs salt and pepper and rubbed with spices. The single redeeming factor is that the meat is truly tender. I rested my fork on it and the prongs started sinking into the meat!I agree the most with Chad P.'s review. Too bad I didn't listen to him over all the overwhelming 5 star reviews.Blacklisted
5	My husband and I ate here last night and it was great!  We were served by Heath and his assistant, Amy.  Both of them were so personable and professional.  Heath whooped our butts at trivia but we won't hold that against him!We had crab cocktail for starters and it was as good as it gets.  My husband had the bone-in filet and loved it.  I had the surf and turf and what can I say...I haven't had lobster tail that yummy in a long time.  The petite filet was (how we say in NY) like buttah!  We shared the mac-n-cheese and grilled asparagus as sides...both good but we took most of it home because we had to save room for dessert.  My husband had the toffee cake which he said was way too sweet.  I had the sorbet assortment and it was a great ending to a great meal.  The cappucinos were so-so; have had better elsewhere but this is a steak house so really, no complaints about that part.  The cocktails were very good also; my favorite was the Berrytini-yummy!Overall, I highly recommend T-Bones Chophouse...nice environment, great staff, awesome food.  Like others, I agree it's pricey but the menu, including the prices, is posted at the hostess station so there's really no surprises there.Lastly, to the reviewers who complained about this place not being "kid-friendly"...no offense but it's really not a "family/kids" place to begin with; however, we saw a couple of families w/ kids in tow last night and everyone seemed perfectly content.
5	How food-centric are we?  Well, let's see.  In the middle of a nice steak dinner on Sunday night, my companions were talking about the flavorful, cilantro-garlic sauce for the bone in rib eye at T-Bones Chophouse.  Yes, we were eating steak at one restaurant and talking about the steak at another establishment.  So, what'd we do for dinner Monday?  We headed to Red Rock Hotel/Casino for dinner at T-Bones.  You'd think we'd be steak-ed out, but NO, not us.  I love cilantro, so I was looking forward to trying this steak & sauce they were all raving about.  Our local friend actually had enough steak, so he opted for the halibut, but my other friend got the bone in rib eye 35 day dry aged Niman Ranch rib eye.  Oh, no doubt about it, I was getting that puppy too.  Did I mention I also got mine topped with some seared foie gras?  Thank you, Nevada (in case you aren't from California, or haven't followed the food news, the foie gras ban started July 1)!  Our table shared some steamed asparagus and charred summer corn.Okay, back to that steak.  It was excellent!  My steak had a perfect char on every bit of that wonderfully marbled hunk of meat.  And that sauce?!  SHUT UP! I wanted to pick up that little copper pot of sauce and drink it right there on the spot.  Sure, people were dressed to the nines in their sexy Vegas wear, but I know how to eat a bone in steak.  Yes, I picked up that bone and gave it a good chew.  My friends said I did it in a feminine way.  I'm not so sure how you gnaw on a bone with a femininely, but oh man that was good.  Go.  Finish reading this, then make your reservation.  Go to T-Bones Chophouse and order your very own bone in rib eye.  Trust me.  Go.
2	We arrived early.  Reservations were late getting seated by 10 mins after. We watched six parties walk in and get seated in front of us. (ok maybe they were busy) Didn't get a greeting for awhile at the table, then after we ordered,  Ice tea beverage took over ten minutes, apps at over half hour, dinner was cooked wrong. All in all this was at almost two hours from when we had our reservations. Manager assistant talked with a table with his buttocks in our face for ten minutes as well while dining till he noticed then moved.(no apology) If you are going to spend over $100-$300 for dinner...go to Joe's Stone Crab, STK, Outback(Cheaper), or Flemings. The service is slow, hostess was lost, guest is not first, the friends of the restaurant staff are. This place needs a corporate training manager soon. Look at all the complaints on this place. Really read thru all the comments.This I will say, as every local will too.  Food can be excellent but it is always some form of mis-training in service standards or management function that is the problem. We sat down and watched a guests complain as well, near us.  Food was bad so they left too. The General Manager was nice to them though. (Good experience)Why would Stations Casino permit this at their SteakHouse....hmmmm. Is this what you get for spending high end Steak House prices. Locals should just go for the happy hour and concerts.
5	Good food, great atmosphere and attentive service. Tried several appetizers and everything was great!
2	The kitchen could be the most poorly run I've ever seen.  I've been here three times.  The first time was when it first opened four years ago - the food was pretty good.  Second time was awful - too much time passed between courses and the food came out cold.  As I live close by, I decided to try one more time to see which experience was the accurate representation.  Unfortunately, my LAST experience there matched my second and I really took notice this time of how frazzled the service staff was as a result of the kitchen's poor coordination.  As my wife and I sat at the bar for over a half hour later than our original reservation time, we engaged in conversation with others dining at the bar; I've never seen so many people send back cold food.  Please heed my warning, don't risk ruining your special evening by going here.  You might get lucky but there are too many other great places to get an excellent prime steak paired with a consistently seamless experience.
5	Red meat! Yes, I've watched the movies regarding how unhealthy red meat can be for you but I just don't care. I feel like there's nothing like cooked, dead animal meat and T-Bones Chophouse does it just like I like it!It's also about the service which is most excellent. I like feeling like I'm spoiled or like I'm royalty. It was like the servers could read my mind because I didn't have to ask for things - they just anticipated my wants and or needs and presented them as options and let me choose. As for the food - I love the shredded salad. I love the sides. I love the steak and I love the drinks. They truly do cater to your whims and they seem to really take pride in what and how they serve what they do. T-Bones is one of my favorite steak houses in Las Vegas. I know there are others and they're as good, if not better but I like being off the strip, avoiding the crowds and the traffic.
2	My mom and I went to celebrate her birthday the other day at T-Bones and it was such a bad experience!  This was my second time eating here and I was very disappointed this time.      We ordered our appetizer and waited for our server to take our order, he never came. We ate the appetizer and continued to wait... 22 minutes later he came to take our dinner order!! We received our food with no check back from our server, the bus boy bagged up our leftovers and we waited 15 mins until the server decided to ask about dessert! We said no, he sort of chuckled and walked away.  He presented our check by almost tossing it at me as he walked by. The food was decent but the whole experience was very upsetting not to mention we were seated in a booth in the bar, not on request but didnt mind so we were charged a 17% entertainment tax... So for $200 I would have expected better service since the server works for tips I would have expected more. It was horrible. The special birthday was kind of ruined.
4	I'm in love with the decor of this restaurant... The Seafood Jackpot (appetizer) is out of this world!!!!!!!!!! By far the best seafood platter that I've ever experienced... cool lighting on the tiered vessel by the way!   My only disappointment was that the server or menu didn't tell me that the 90 day dry aged steak was going to be prepared mesquite style... (which I can not stand the flavor of a band aid)  so next time I vow to ask first how my steak is prepared... pan fried preferably...)_   o m g  Francisco was our front server and he went out of his way to take care of us... he was the epitome of fine dining service... we wanted for nothing in his care... I spoke with the manager, Stephanie throughout dinner and she too was very accommodating, she alone has me saying " I am now a regular at this phenomenal restaurant!"'Melanie (the bar tender asked me to remove my hat... lol  but I soon found out she wanted it for herself )_   It's a great hat by the way...  Anyway we ended with the carrot cake... which literally is a slab of cake... incredible!    Yum Yum  I truly can't wait to become a regular at this restaurant... they even have outside dining.. so those who smoke can sneak away for a quick toke.   weeeeeeeee    Adam  needs to be a little less aloof and listen to his guests... just sayin'///  other than that A ++ loved our experience
2	Not great or worth the time.  We had a table of 4 and we all agreed that it was not awful, but we would not go again.  There are better offerings in town, even on the west side that offer a better value.  Several of the dishes were below average quality or cold.  Wait staff, with the exception of the host, seemed uninterested and gave off an unwelcoming vibe.  Maybe it is the we are expensive so we are doing you a favor by waiting on you approach.  Meat was overly salted.  On the upside, it is a nicely decorated location and outside there is a view of pool and fire pit.
1	If  you want a great steak cooked how you like it GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. We were a party of four who ordered a petit filet and 3 bone in rib eye steaks all medium rare. We had quite  a discussion with our waitress about the fact that we didnt want the steak cooked more than medium rare but they all came out well done. Not a sign of ruby red or even pink in these steaks. The waitress kindly took them back.  The filet came out again in minutes and was medium rare. The three rib eyes came out 20 minutes later - after my wife had finished her steak, but now all three were blue rare. No charring on the outside at all, and raw red right through. You would think that a restaurant that is a specialist high end steak restaurant would be able to cook a steak medium rare, and if a steak is sent back the replacement would be perfectly cooked. Not so at T-bones. To make it worse the replacement rib eyes were tasteless, seeming to lack any seasoning.This is an attractive restaurant with a promising menu. They just don't know how to cook a steak. Shame....
5	Impeccable.  We were leery of the high prices but finally decided to go for our anniversary.  The surroundings are luxurious, unrushed, and tables are well spaced so you don't have to listen to someone else's conversation.  Service was perfect and the steaks are among the best I've had in town.  No need to drive all the way to the strip for a special meal.  This is the place
3	Over the past 4 years, I've been here numerous times for a variety of occasions (a date, business dinner, birthday celebration).  The service is fantastic, the setting and decor devine...but the food just doesn't stack up against better known steakhouses, and with virtually the same price point.  The location inside the Red Rock Hotel makes it an easy-peasy, no hassle, off-strip choice...might be the only reason to choose it (especially, if your staying at the hotel, or if convenient to Summerlin residents).  For me, having an appetizer or a drink at the inside bar, or better yet -- the beautiful outdoor bar with a firepit, large sofas and chairs -- is absolutely terrific.  For the main course, I'd take my business elsewhere.A tip for parking is to valet park on the backside, the hotel entrance, with just a short walk thru the hotel lobby and either up the stairs (passing the outstanding chandelier), or 1 floor up in the elevator...takes you right to the T-Bones entrance.
5	This place is absolutely outstanding.  The food is great, but in this day and age you can get great steak just about at any steakhouse.  Now what set them above the rest was their service.  AMAZING.  They called us by our names Mrs and Mr and the hostess even made conversation pulled out chairs etc.  Just absolutely amazing, explained all menu items, made us feel special.  Just outstanding.  They didn't have to give us anything for free, just treat us really really well. :) Looking forward to going back this weekend :) :) :)
5	Beautiful decor. Awesome outdoor fireplace.  Great staff. We ended up going there two nights in a row and had excellent food and service both nights.  They have a great happy hour Sunday - Thursday from 5-7. The Asian Pear drink was excellent and I could eat the tuna tacos all night long!  Yummy!!Say hi to Anna and Charo - the managers - they will take great are of you.
4	After the last visit to T-Bones, I was very dissatisfied. I was skeptical about returning. Nevertheless, I felt I needed to give the place a second chance, I am glad I did. Perhaps my first visit was an off day for the restaurant. The greeters were awful, and so was the wait staff. The food also left something to be desired. However, it was valentine's weekend.Once again, we made reservations, they had them this time. There were noticeably less greeters and they were organized. After being greeted, we were immediately taken to our table. We had a wonderful fireplace and bar view. Not only was the service top notch, the food was fantastic. I had the short ribs (fantastic), my partner had the Filet Mignon. We also had salad, baked potato and side dishes. We even splurged and had ice cream, which came with cookies that were very yummy! The restaurants is very generous with portions, we had to wrap up leftovers.... They were just as good the next day. . The prices may be a bit pricey for some but I believe the service, quantity and taste of food, are well worth it.I am revising my update of this restaurant it is the fair thing to do. I would recommend T-Bones to others and in fact have already told close friends to put it on their "To Do" list the next time they visit the RedRock Casino and Resort.
4	Awesome food and great service!!  Kinda pricey but worth it.  One complaint though...the music entertainment on the weekends is awful!   They really need to consider getting someone new!
2	Ok I went there for dinner a few nights ago and I can honestly say this place is over priced and lacking quality food. I had the wagyu skirt steak that's a special and I can honestly say there's no way it's real wagyu beef. I also had the buffalo
4	These steaks are top notchI had the Dry aged Prime Rib. Damn! I haven't had prime rib that good since...uh...ummm...hmmm...that may be the best Prime Rib I've ever had. I'm not sure if that comes from a string of average to below average PR dinners or not. No, it was just that good.The bone in Rib Eye didn't disappoint either.Service was top notch. One of the members of our party is partially paralyzed. The server, with out being asked,  brought out all of his food cut into bite size pieces. That was great and very intuitive.
5	I hit up T-Bones tonight for dinner and realized that I haven't reviewed this place since 2008.  I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.To be honest, T-Bones can get expensive.  It's priced like a steakhouse on the strip, so the huge ribeye I had tonight was $52.  BUT if you keep your eyes out, there's often deals for locals.  Awhile back Red Rock had a web site that gave me 50% my meals at various points.  Tonight I used a $25 off $50 coupon they had sent me in the mail.  So my $52 ribeye was only $27, which is much more reasonable.Tonight I sat at the bar and chatted with the beautiful and friendly bar staff.  Almost every woman working in T-Bones is easy on the eyes.  Great service on top, of course.  I'll continue to come back as long as T-Bones keeps sending out deals.
2	This is the review for their happy hour.The Skinny:  so-so on the verge of mediocre food (2.5) service: we were at the bar and it was okay (3) value: extremely expensive and certainly not worth the expense. Avoid! (2).I've never been a real fan of steakhouses however we recently received a coupon in the mail for $25 off $50 purchase at T-bones. The hubs previously had been there for their happy hour specials and suggested we do this because their regular menu is vastly overpriced. As well, he stipulated that we were not to go on Friday because they charge extra tax for live entertainment. Not usually one to enjoy live music with dinner (I'm more a quiet sort), I agreed.So we get there right at 5pm and put down our order: a Beef on Weck ($19), Ahi Tuna tacos ($9), Buffalo Chicken Bites ($10), Chicken and Waffles ($10) and Lobster Corn Dogs ($10).I have no idea what they were thinking charging this much for such subpar cuisine. Beef on Weck = Beef on Wreck. It was essentially overcooked prime rib on the equivalent of a Wonderbread bun smothered in bland (thickened with corn starch) au jus. The amount of au jus just killed the dish, making the bread all weird and mucky. It reminded me of the sh*(ty recipes they made us try during home ec class from like a 50's cookbook (let's make Welsh rarebit using Velveta - nasty!). Albeit it was large and came with fries, I'd wager you'd get a better beef sammy at Arbys for about 1/4 of the price. Lame!The buffalo chicken bites although the flavors were okay, the lack of crispiness really killed it. If you are going to deep fry chicken bites, I want to taste to deep fried goodness. Otherwise what's the point of adding all those extra calories?Lobster corn dogs were also very weak = too much coating, too little lobster plagued this completely forgettable dish. It comes with two small lobster corndogs.Ahi Tuna Tacos were okay. There were three small tacos, with some low grade ahi-tuna dressed with avocado. Solid but nothing you couldn't get elsewhere.The chicken and waffles were also edible and possibly the best dish of the night. The coating of the chicken was okay and the hit of the jalapeno was nice. The waffle was nothing special and I would argue hit too heavily on the vanilla side. I'm not so sure but as a rule: vanilla + savory = bleh. 'Nuff said.Overall, given the subpar food alone - I would generally not recommend this place at all. Throw in the ripe off prices, I'd say avoid this place like the plague. (2 starred review).
3	After the spa we decided we needed to stuff our faces. Steak it is! TBones is right around the corner from the spa so we decided to dine here.We asked for a table for two and waited ten min or so and then were sat.Our server took awhile to get over to us but in the meantime we got water poured, a wine list delivered and bread.Our server finally made it over and we ordered: two Lobster Chowders, Cheateaubriand for two and a side of Hashbrowns. The Lobster Chowder came out and it was decent... Just two lumps of meat sitting on top of the soup, corn and potatoes swimming in the soup as well. I guess I always expect a big ass amount of meat when I order stuff like this but then Im always let down since it only appears to be a SMALL amount of meat.Anyway we drank our Moscato D'Asti which was MMMMM GOOOOD!! And waited for our dinner. And waited. And waited. It seemed like it took FOREVER. It finally arrived! They carve it table side since it is meant for two. They cut that bad boy open and BOOM! RARE! We ordered it Medium Rare. Some places undercook though.. Half of it was perfect for Mandi L. but I chose to have them cook mine a little longer. I still wanted Medium Rare - but about five minutes later when it came back out, it was cooked nearly Medium WELL! A couple parts might have passed for Medium and Medium Rare but it was definitely overcooked. They asked how it was then and I chose not to send it back. My food would have taken forever and since it was a cut meant for two would they have cooked a whole new one or what??! Anyway it was fine. The vegetables that accompanied the entree were broccoli, asparagus, potatoes, carrots and those little onions. The hashbrowns are served with a sunny side up egg! The meal was GOOD but not mind blowing and could have definitely been A LOT BETTER. Our server and the food timing was slow but all the staff was very nice. We were also seated right by the fireplace. It's really nice but it is HOT. Once we got our food we did ask if they could turn the fire place off or down and they said they couldnt. They asked if we would like to move tables but by that point we were almost done with dinner so we just decided to stay and sweat it out.
2	My best friend and I went here for an impromptu birthday dinner after we spent the day at the spa.  It wasn't packed, but it looked fairly busy.  I like the decor of the restaurant.  It's very warm and inviting.  But speaking of warm!  They sat us at a table by the long fireplace in the middle of the restaurant and it was overly warm!  I was sitting on the other side of the table and had to strip down to a tank top.  We should have asked to be moved right away but it seemed bearable at first.  However, by the time we were done with dinner, we were both roasting.First off, the service is super slow.  They are really nice and friendly, but just so SLOW!  It took forever for someone to take our order.  We both ordered lobster chowder to start with.  I felt it was pretty bland.  There was a lot of corn and potatoes and about 2 small pieces of lobster.  I was not impressed.  After that, it was probably about 30 minutes from after they cleared our lobster chowder plates before they started bringing out our dinner.  We ordered the chateaubriand, which they slice tableside.  We asked for medium rare but it was definitely more rare, which I was okay with but my friend wanted it just a tadbit closer to medium rare.  They gave me my part since I was okay with rare, and they took her pieces back to throw back on for a little bit.  We also ordered the hashbrowns, which came with a sunny-side up egg on top.  The Chateaubriand comes with potatoes and vegetables.  We waited a good 5 minutes before they came back with her steak, and when they did, it was completely overcooked, almost to medium well.  Since we had already waited so long for our food and didn't want to be big complainers, we just said it was fine.  What a massive disappointment.  By the time they brought her steak back, everything on our table had gone cold.  The overall experience was just okay.  I really think that if they hadn't been SOOOO slow with the service, this might have been a 4-star experience.  The other thing that really sucked was our $99 chateaubriand being cooked at the wrong temp, TWICE. With so many awesome restaurants available and at that price, I probably won't eat there again.
3	Food was very good, but the place is crazy expensive considering it's in Red Rock Casino. Service was good, but had a few hiccups with the bill.  Overall, it's a nice option for a business meal or out-of-towners.  As a local, I don't need to spend that much on a meal.  Careful with the coupons: many are not accepted on Fridays and Saturdays.
3	T-Bones is a very nicely decorated, upscale  steakhouse located in the Red Rock Hotel/Casino.  It was my first time there, and it happened to be for a business dinner so not your usual dinner date night.  Instead, we had a prix fixe menu which included shrimp cocktail, heirloom tomatoes, Caesar salad,  petite filet mignon, and various dessert treats.  Overall, the service was just OK.  At these types of meetings, the servers don't want to interrupt too much, but a little more attentiveness to our drink levels would have been appreciated.  As for the food, my steak was a bit undercooked.   I ordered medium rare and it came out pretty red throughout the steak.  A few of my colleagues steaks were very rare and had to be sent back.  The appetizers and Caesar salad were good, but nothing to get overly excited about.  The side dishes included mashed potatoes and green beans.  While the green beans were perfectly cooked, the potatoes definitely need some work.  They were very runny and didn't have a whole lot of flavor.  The chef chose various desserts for us and nobody was complaining about these as they were devoured.  Although I dove right into one of the deep fried oreos (which was delicious btw), I couldn't help but question why we were eating a deep fried oreo at an upscale steakhouse that charges upwards of $50 for a steak.  Just me being snooty I guess.  Overall, the steak was good quality but the rest was just OK.  I'm sure you could find a better steakhouse in town for the money!
3	We have been meaning to try T-Bones for quite a few years, but with so many steakhouses in Las Vegas, this one was always overlooked.We finally decided to come here for a belated birthday dinner for my husband and a last dinner for my mom before she heads back to Michigan.My husband started with:CAESAR SALAD $12Classic Caesar or Kitchen Sink w/Shrimp, Avocado, Tomato, Hearts of Palm $6*He ordered it the "kitchen sink" way.  OMG!  Best.salad.ever.  The dressing is with a horseradish base instead of an anchovy base.  It was fabulous!  Truth be told- I wish I would have ordered this as my meal.You go to a steakhouse and you order steak, right?  With that being said- I expect the steaks to be cooked to perfection.My mom and I both ordered:PRIME Wet aged for a minimum of 28 daysPETITE FILET MIGNON* Greater Omaha 8 oz $39*We both ordered the steaks cooked to medium.  They came out medium rare/rare.  Now I would MUCH rather have my steaks under-cooked than overcooked, but I'm one to NEVER send anything back.  Was the steak good?  Sure.  Is it my favorite steak?  Not even close.My husband ordered:WAGYU RIB EYE CAP* Snake River Farms Boise, Idaho 8 oz $52*OMG!  This was soooo good!  It had a nice crispy sear on the outside and if you know wagyu beef, then you know its like buttah!  YUM! Our sides:Creamed Spinach $10*My favorite is still from Ruth's Chris Steak House.  This was good.Garlic Mashed Potatoes $10*These were yummy and the garlic was not overpowering!Would I come back?  Definitely for the salad and that wagyu beef!
5	This place is fantastic and anyone who questions the food quality maybe be better served hitting the local Sizzler.  We are locals, maybe that makes a difference, but I doubt it.  Food is great, service is wonderful, the bartenders are also...well, VERY noticeable.  The place can be a little pricey.  But, you do get what you pay for.  I highly recommend going to T-Bones!!!
3	My husband and I went to TBones last night, we hadn't been there since my last written review.  As much as we like the food and the place itself...we probably won't go back until they get rid of the weekend entertainment.  He  is SO bad and it's so LOUD!!!   Hard to believe no other complaints/comments about that on yelp??  We could hear people sitting at the bar complaining about how bad the guy in there is.   Soo surprised he's still there!!   Some light R&B or Jazz would be great in there!!
5	Very good all around. Great efficient service by our 2 man waiter team; two managers also stopped by to see us. The food was cooked perfectly. I loved the green beans with pine nuts as a side which was big enough for 2 to share. The broccoli would have been enough for 5 to share. The halibut special was a large portion and cooked excellently at medium well. If you're in the hotel as a guest make this a place you visit. Most people were dressed up but the restaurant didn't seem to be strict on a dress code.
4	Love the decor. Happy Hour was not crowded on the Monday I went at 5. The bar started filling up shortly after 5. A side note on happy hour- it started out with awesome deals such as $5 speciality cocktails and food. Now the menu includes no $5 speciality cocktails but $5 beer, including a 22 oz. Arrogant Bastard. Deal!The least expensive food item is the $6 chicken and waffles. It's a really yummy dish and the only happy hour food I've had here. I used a $5 off any Stations restaurant coupon from the paycheck promo. It took them a while to take the $5 off my bill. Typical!
4	By far the best steak I have ever had in my life was here.  The bar is dreadful, (we tried getting drinks at the bar one night...apparently if your not a model...dont bother), but the table dining is divine.  I would honestly recommend it if you are staying at red rock.  Its YUM!(I only dropped them a star for the wenches at their bar)
2	This place has the worst service. I have been here many times and every time it seems to get worse. The steaks are just average, nothing special. They have a Wagyu burger that they say is amazing. This was the driest burger I have ever tasted. We also ordered the seafood appetizer for 2. This was the biggest piece of crap and total waste of money. If you order for 2 people, there should be enough for 2.This cold appetizer plate came out with 1 shrimp, 2 clams, 1 lobster tail and 1 crab leg. Please tell me how this is for 2 people? Where we supposed to share the shrimp? OMG- When we complained they looked at us like we were crazy. I don't think so people.I will never return to this place again. Too many chances here and they have never redeemed themselves.
5	Awesome rib eye steak!
5	Damn Tasty and hot bartender! Back to the food... Lobster bisque was dynamic, steaks with that sauce was so tasty.  I really enjoyed this restaurant and look forward to going back there.
5	Had a fabulous time at T-Bones last weekend. As self declared foodies, we have tried and critiqued our way through almost every fine dining restaurant on the Strip. For my boyfriend's birthday, we decided to branch out and dine at T-Bones in Summerlin (and enjoy an awesome staycation @ Red Rock!). The experience from start to finish was top notch. The Steakhouse Salad is to die for...that dressing is amazing! I had the petite filet which was cooked perfectly. The BF had the Queen Cut Prime Rib (huge!) and the Lobster Chowder. We enjoyed the garlic mash and mac n' cheese as sides. Everything was SO delicious! We got talked into (it didn't take much) ordering deep fried oreos as dessert and WOW were those 2 lbs I gained worth it! Pricing was aligned with other steakhouses of this caliber in Las Vegas, but felt more worth it since there were no gimmicky themes and we didn't have to yell to hear each other.Outstanding service by the entire waitstaff, but especially our main server Mike. He put up with my boyfriend's dad's jokes and made the evening extremely enjoyable. We'll definitely be back!!
4	I have been here for a few business dinners.  Yes, it is pricy, but the food is good.Nice wine list, and great sides.  I would recommend this place for a great dinner that you do not have to go down to the Strip for.The service I had was good too...one group was over 20, and the other groups I have been with were well over 10 people.I am planning on taking my wife here sometime, it's just that for a typical Saturday date at Red Rock, we are going to Terra Rosa, or Hachi which are good too and cost a lot less.
3	We were here on 7/6/13.  Had reservations & still had to wait 15 minutes, the restaurant wasn't even that busy.  Then the waiter came over we weren't quite ready, so we asked for a few more minutes, which turned into waiting for 10 minutes more. Finally, we asked the busboy to please send over our waiter.  The waiter finally came over & seemed very flustered.  We ordered the grass fed filet & the regular petite filet, med. rare. The grass fed filet was phenomenal, perfectly cooked. The regular filet came out raw.... disgusting. The waiter was attentive for the first 3 minutes of our meal getting to us & then vanished again. I hate to send anything back, but, this was inedible. It came back 3 minutes later & appeared to be good, until I cut another piece that was completely raw.  At this point we were so over this place, the service, the food, we got the check & left.I felt sad for the waiter, he obvious didn't cook the food, but come on, check on your tables.  No manager came to apologize or even ask us how everything else was. The restaurant is very pretty, there was a fantastic singer playing the piano and the ambiance was out of this world.
4	Burt says Steak and Lobster at Red Rock casino -  Boom!Burt loves Red Rock casino.  Burt plays blackjack at Red Rock casino.  Yes Burt eats for free at T-Bones.  But Burts review isn't about the free food (because it's not really free, it was earned by risking Burts hard earned money at  the tables).    This review is about the fantastic dinner Burt had last night.  Burt has been to T-Bones a few times and always had a pretty good meal, but last night was a perfect meal top to bottom.   Lump crab appetizer.  Awesome!  Burt might go back and just have 4 of these for dinner one night.  We split a filet and a lobster tail.  Both were prepared perfectly.  Dover Sole was excellent.  Au gratin potatoes and Aztec style grilled corn were very tasty.  Dessert Alert-  DEEP FRIED OREOS AND ICE CREAM!!!!!!!!  Hump Daaayyy, whoop whoop!Last night was a 5 star, but because of the other 2 "good" meals Burt has to average it out to a 4 star.  Burt will be back and hopes the 5 star meals continue and may upgrade T-Bones rating in the future.
5	Awesome food, great decor, very attentive staff. A little pricey but you get what you pay for, get steak or seafood and tons of sides, they are all delicious!
3	I went there to celebrate my wife's completion of second year dental school from UNLV. Interior design is nice and upscale and hostess was very friendly. We ordered Steak Special for two and we had to wait about 20 min to get our plate. It was ok. However, The waiter was really busy so he did not take care of us. He did not even refill my water so I had to take my wife's water and drank. compare to the price and atmosphere, service was not that great.
1	I really hate to give such a low score but it was truly THAT bad. We stayed at the Red Rock for a little get away for my Birthday. For our first night we decided to treat ourselves to a nice steak dinner at TBones. Bad idea- we received $200 worth of salt and terrible service. We had a drink in the bar first then requested a table. We were less than thrilled when they sat us in the bar but we're pretty easy to please so we went with it. The server took her time to greet us and rushed us through our order as if we were inconveniencing her. We ordered the Steak House Salad, Broccoli, Mushrooms, garlic mashed potatoes and 2 small cut filet mignons. The salad came out with the wrong dressing. The waitress took it back and it was back out pretty quick. It was really great once it was corrected and sadly was the best part or our meal. The waitress asked if we would like bread, however, this did not come out until right as our meal was arriving. The steaks and sides came out but we were given augratin potatoes instead of broccoli. The food runner quickly corrected this however, our waitress was nowhere to be found. The first bite of the filet was fantastic but as we each got to our second and third we could barely get through the rest of the steak. It was so salty! Even the garlic mash and the mushrooms were unbearably salty. The manager asked how everything was as he was walking by and no joke did not stop as he asked. I began to speak and let him know but he interrupted and said "great!" and kept walking. Our waitress finally came by and at this point we just wanted to get out of there! We gave her our card and she came back with the check but not after she seemed completely inconvenienced by us asking her to box our left overs. As if it could worse, she charged us for the broccoli AND the augratin potatoes! I had to waive her down from another table and she ran off to fix it but apparently was unable to reverse the charge so after 5 minutes of waiting at the table she gave us $10 in cash. I understand this is nit picky but what about the tax that we paid? Sure its only a dollar but when we dropped over $200 for a terrible dinner and even worse service that dollar counts! We are extremely happy to drop money on a steak dinner,in fact we went to SW Steakhouse a few nights later and it was spectacular, but this was just a joke. Spending that much money- I expect good service we shouldn't feel like we are stressing our waitress out and not feel completely miserable due to our meal being so salty. All around a bad experience.
5	We have been here 2-3 times in the past, and everything has been very consistent.  Our most recent visit was last night.  Each time we have had a comp that caused us to come in, each time we are blown away by the food and service and promise not to wait for a "comp" to bring us back!  This time, I really promise not to wait too long!Excellent service - Attentive waiters, and assistant waiters, and sommelier's  that really know their stuff.  Top notch ingredients and a wine list of depth and breadth - 'nuff said.Excellent food preparation and well thought out menu - something for everyone.  In our most recent visit we had the Hearts of Palm Salad.  BEST Hearts of Palm Salad we have had.  Anywhere.  EVER.  Hats off.Also enjoyed the grass fed fillet, the bone in ribeye, and the mushrooms and garlic mashed.  All were made from the finest ingredients and well prepared.  Flavors of the beef and the textures and tenderness were outstanding.  Warning for those faint of heart - the garlic mashed is VERY garlicy.  I loved it, but surely some will find it overpowering if you don't love garlic.If you are familiar with the SF Bay area, I consider this to be the "Alexanders Steak House" of Las Vegas.  The menu isn't as extravagant, and they don't have the dozens of the over-the-top pricey items that Alexanders has (thank goodness), but if you are going to go drop less than $300 on dinner and drinks for a couple, it shows very well against the highest end steakhouses.  While the prices are dear, they are a value compared to some of its Michelin rated peer steakhouses (ala Alexanders).
3	Wow. My favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas and a horrible experience. Waited too long for drink order. Had to find the manager to tell him. Salt and paper mills on the table. I wanted pepper on my wedge salad but both were salt. So my salad was very salty. I might just be ready to walk out.   Flag down the manager again and he walked away in mid-conversation. So I asked for a new salad. I should just leave. But I waited. Steak and mash potatoes came out. The potatoes were overly salty. U had to send them back. But the ribeye was just perfection!  Vince the manager made sure my meal experience was a good one. Bravo to him for an excellent job!  He turn around my experience 180 degrees!
5	I have eaten here for years. Vince the manager is great and the steaks are just as good if not better than what you get on The Strip.
4	Best chophouse salad around
2	Born and raised las vegan, I know good steaks. This place has the usual steak house menu(ala carte) with the usual steak house prices(expensive). We got a bottle of stags leap blended red wine $85. Terrible choice! Ordered the bone in rib eye $49 medium cooked($10 at cosco). It came out crispy burnt on the outside(crunchy burnt BBQ style) and medium well on inside, after I cut out 25% of the fat. I would have rather made it at home, I would have cut all the fat off before I cooked it. Which is what most high end steak houses do. At least the carrot cake was top notch, and the service was ok. The hostess was beautiful and friendly. Which got them two stars instead of one.
5	Went for our anniversary and loved it. Filet and pork chop were amazing. Highly recommend.
5	Last night was our first night at T-Bones.  It is simply the best for service, atmosphere and food! Best steaks and side dishes putting my old favorite Mastro's into second place!  We love T-Bones and will go back again and again!
1	This was a total disaster. I do monthly dinners for groups of 10-25 of my clients in town from around the country. This month I had the dinner at T-Bones as I using the hotel for my guests. This was due to SEMA being in town and my normal facility was booked. Normally I use the Silverton and Twin Creeks Steak House. I was looking forward to the change of venue as I eat at the Twin Creeks monthly.This was a beyond disappointing. The facility is very nice and has a nice private room that holds about 20. I had a smaller group of 15 so it was plenty of room. I was running about 30 minutes late and was more than a little surprised when I showed up and that everyone was still without appetizers or even bread baskets. I ordered a drink and greeted guests. I would say 10 more minutes and my drink arrived and then it was about ordering appetizers (45 minutes after people had arrived). I thought that was way too long to make people wait.Well we ordered dinner and skipped appetizers because people were getting hungry at this point. I like to wrap up about 930-10 and at this rate we would be there till 11. One server and one busser was all that was allocated to our table and I am sure they had other tables outside this area as well because it was slow service. One drink later and another 45 minutes the food arrived. Presentation was terrible on the steaks. I should have taken a picture of it as it was actually funny. Two small semi crisped tomatoes on a plate with a New York Steak. They all looked the same. Just lazy looking. Why garnish it at all? A steak would have been presented alone just fine. People were actually laughing which is not a good sign. So I had ordered the blackened halibut. It came with a type of spice on it (wasn't sure what it was). It tasted okay, but was overpowering of the fish to say the least. I didn't mind the spice taste, however the fish was overcooked. It was dry and and seared more that a third through. Clearly indicating it had been left on too long. I chewed my way through it which was uneventful. I had also ordered Broccoli and mushrooms as side dishes. Side dishes: This was just ridiculous. Numerous people ordered the broccoli with hollandaise sauce  and literally the serving size was massive. The server should have made the corrections knowing that we had just ordered enough broccoli to serve 20-25 people. So it arrived, steamed. I mean steamed. Nothing else. It came with a sauce which they didn't bring until 10 minutes later after having to ask for it (meaning they forgot it on numerous orders). It was steamed and not even close to worth the $10 as I literally could have made this in 5 minutes at home. I love steamed veggies but this was so plain and massive it seemed wrong.Overall I saw three of my people with steaks that were done wrong. Medium was well done. I mean done! Torched. Another was medium rare, was a plate full of blood. I cant imagine a $60 steak looking so poorly but it was right there for me to witness over and over again. I sampled my girlfriends New York. Cooked too long, but more importantly a grisly tough steak. I swear a NY from Albertsons was better quality.I probably wouldn't be so harsh in this review if I was at a place that was priced accordingly . This however was almost worth calling Vegas Metro and filing a theft report. It was low quality ingredients, low quality service, and prepared lazily without expertise. I am not a food snob at all and mostly eat in Chinatown and often look past the lawn furniture decor and such to have exciting and well prepared meals. This was the opposite, as if not to notice the food was terrible the decor and price tried to impress you. I am not impressed even the least. Now the BEST PART of this experience was a day later when at least three of us came down with unexplained bowel movement issues. This place was a colon cleanser for at least 3 guests and who knows didn't admit this fact. Either food poisoning or low quality food preparation put my clients and crew riding the porcelain chariot all for the price of $110 per head. To say the least I will remember this experience however not one to repaeat.
3	This review is for the Happy Hour in the lounge at T Bones Chophouse. Service was just Ok. Seemed like there were more bartenders then wait staff. The menu choices are limited and the so are the alcoholic beverages.  The beverage prices off the Happy Hour Menu are out of sight. The Ahi tuna tacos were excellent (3 to an order) comes topped with Sriracha Mayo, Guacamole and Cilantro. The Buttermilk Fried Chicken was tasty but greasy. Overall the lounge is another choice among the places competing for our Happy Hour business.
5	This chef is excellent!  Vince the manager is so accommodating. Ask for Denise as your server and you will have the trifecta.  Nice wines for a reasonable price Red. Atlas Peak.  It is a great value. The steaks are very tasty, especially the bone in rib eye.  Love the creamed spinach and the Steakhouse salad. These people are so kind, ask for anything the way you like it... ie. no bacon on the steakhouse salad and they are beyond willing to give you what you want with zero attitude.  Phenomenal experience with lovely live entertainment!
5	We ate at the bar. Full menu available and superb service from Sam. Ask for her or any of the beautiful bartenders. They were all very friendly and attentive at a packed bar with a full restaurant.  You won't be disappointed.  The crab cakes are loaded with jumbo lump crab meat. The steakhouse  salad is a winner.  Worth every penny.
5	Amazing food, great atmosphere. Andreas was a fantastic setver. Five stars!!! Happy Christmas Eve everybuddy!!!
3	Haven't been to a nice steakhouse in a while so what better way to bring in the new year than a dinner at T-Bones. Is it good? Yes very. Worth it? I give it a 3.9.My wife and I wanted a special dinner to celebrate the new year so we chose T-Bones as we were staying at the Red Rock Hotel where T-Bones is located. The service was top notch and everyone was very friendly. We ordered drinks from the bar and they were promptly brought to us. Silvia, our server, was great and helped us choose our steaks. My wife got the 8 oz filet and for me the Bone-in Ribeye. The steaks, to be honest, were good but not the best we have had. I know that they are thick steaks but both of our steaks were a bit over cooked. Not to much but noticeable, not being picky we ate them just fine. Like I said they were good but flavor wise we have had better at the likes of Ruth's Chris and Hugo's Cellar.The asparagus that we got was cooked great, but was luke warm. Still good though. The mashed potatoes were fantastic. We ended with some DELICIOUS fried oreo's. No seriously they were awesome and I highly recommend them.In all it was a very nice night. But when I review a place value is at or near the top of my criteria and that is were T-bones falls a bit short for me. Our total bill was a touch over $200, and I just felt in the end that for that kind of money I want my mind blown and it just wasn't. Would I go here again? Absolutely. But it wouldn't be on the very top of my list.
3	The restaurant itself is beautiful, very classic steakhouse, as is the menu. As we went for an early dinner on a weeknight, it was not crowded and we were able to get a table right away without a wait. The service was very attentive and nice, but our server didn't seem to be very knowledgable about menu or drink offerings. We started off with the beef carpaccio and the seafood tower. I was impressed with the seafood tower- it was amazing! Lump crab, jumbo shrimp, stone crab, lobster, and oysters.  All of my favorite things!! The accompanying sauces were also good, but my friend did not realize that one was fresh horseradish and took a HUGE scoop of it on his shrimp... OMG, that was a bad situation!! Luckily, it didn't spoil our meal.We ordered the 22 oz ribeye, which they sliced at the table so we could share it. We ordered it medium-rare, and it definitely was undercooked- more rare than med-rare. It also was VERY fatty. I know that ribeye is a fattier cut, and that's what I usually like about it, but this was pretty over the top. They did re-cook it for a bit for us, but the damage was pretty much already done.   The mushrooms we ordered on the side were delicious, though.The other highlight of my meal was dessert- the cheesecake was FAN-TAS-TIC!! One of the best cheesecakes I've had in quite some time. Light, fluffy, moist, melt in your mouth... It definitely made the meal end on a high note.Price-- Expensive. Surprisingly, the meal was just as expensive as a celeb chef steakhouse on the Strip. Not quite what I expected, but that is par for the course, I suppose.I've gone back and forth between a 3 and 4 star review, and finally settled on 3 stars.. I had a fine experience, but not fine enough to say that I'm a fan.
4	Steak poutine cannot be beat... Half off martinis during daily happy hour as well!
3	The atmosphere is great.  I prefer eating at a table versus the bar. Have been here several times...the last time....was surprising a BIG disappointment.  I live right around the corner...and use this place as my go to steakhouse. We had really poor service the last time at the bar.  Never again.  They had a UFC fight on the screens and they were completely bloody, while we were eating our food at the bar.  The female bartender said they had a contract and they couldn't turn the channel.  WOW!    She had a really bad attitude...would never sit in her section again. Here the three of us had a three hundred dollar bill....and she couldn't change the channel while we were eating our dinner. The scallops came out...they were a special and they were not seared.....yikes......42 a plate ....and not evened seared.  My two friends ate them anyways because they were invited and didn't want to be rude.  I spoke up later...and they said they had eaten too many of them to get them removed from our bill.  Really crazy...I don't know how this bartender keeps her job. I will say this..........it was only one bad experience out of many. But the restaurant when it comes to food is good. Pricey
3	We went to T-Bones for a wedding celebration.  First off, T-Bones used to be my favorite steakhouse in Vegas and had the best carpaccio on the planet!  Even though they took it off the menu a few years ago, if you requested it they would always bring it out.  Well the carpaccio has changed!! Not only was it not the best in the world, I would no longer recommend it.  It was salty, too many greens, and they no longer serve the delicious crustinis with it.  They have also removed my favorite blue cheese sauce from the menu.  And through all this, the extreme prices have stayed the same.
5	will never have a better steak!
5	Ordered the chateaubriand, it was superb! Price was up there.. But the service was excellent. They did not miss a beat from the moment we walked in. The order was a a table side service, they will cut it for you which is part of the presentation. Veggies were all included & potato. We also had the lobster chowder to start & paired it all with a glass of merlot. Place is cozy.. Price was up there but at least we got what we paid for.
3	We have been going to T-Bone for several years.  The food is good (steaks). We loved their olive bread but they no longer serve it. Adam the bus boy told us they are trying to get a healthier menu. I told him I do not go to a steakhouse to eat healthy. Adam was great. The waitress Jocelyn  was not as  friendly. Mushrooms too sweet in a wine sauce. Wish they just had wild mushrooms with butter and garlic like at Gordon Ramsey Steak House. Steaks are good .
3	Overall the food is good but the service is TERRIBLE!!! There were four of us dining on a Sunday evening while our server was taking our drink order she was looking around the restaurant at new customers coming in...so in personal! We thought maybe as the night progressed she would provide personal service but this was not the case, she seemed bored and distant. She never checked to see if we needed anything until much later after our entrees arrived and she did not care when a pesty nat was flying around our place settings (don't sit next to the bar area). The waitress had blonde hair and it was up on her head in a bun/ponytail. My advice stay away from her station or spending upwards of $500 may really sting when you leave the restaurant. Although the atmosphere is nice there are so many other restaurants in the area that really appreciate our business. This is probably our last visit to T Bones - this local is going elsewhere!!!
2	I had a Yelp review intervention tonight.  I was dining with 5 other friends from work who had a much different experience than I did and I was deputized by the group to review the restaurant with our collective opinions rather than mine alone as all of my other reviews are.  Let me say up front if it were me alone I would awarding somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.  I thought the food and service was above average and I found the restaurant to be comfortable and the noise level to be at an intensity that contributed to a lively atmosphere but did not inhibit conversation.  My trusty companions felt the food was average.  Most ordered the petite filet mignon (huge mistake in a chophouse if you ask me) and I along with another coworker had the bone-in rib eye (the steak of all steaks the only cut of beef I eat unless it's prime rib).  As sides we ordered Tater Tots, Grilled Tomato's, Mac & Cheese and Hash Browns (see pictures).  T-Bones brags that their prime steaks are wet aged 20 days and then dry aged another 15 days.  I personally found my rib eye to be very good how companions found their steaks to be lacking flavor and the texture unappealing.  I have to agree the sides needed help and in my opinion were the biggest disappointment of the evening.  I had read up on the menu before arriving and was very excited by the hash browns with a sunny side up egg (how could you resist).  Unfortunately, they do not taste as good as they look.  They were definitely lacking flavor unless you count the prestigious amount of salt they must season them with.   For a party of six you need two eggs instead of one.   Skip the grilled tomatoes.  Big mistake!  They're topped with American cheese (OMG).  Don't bother with this side dish (besides why would you order fruit at a chophouse).  Tater tots are "eh!"  Very small portion and again over seasoned with salt.  The mac & cheese was another small portion and as my friend put it "they were topped with Kraft Bacon Bits straight from the supermarket."  I don't know about that but they were not memorable and now days when everyone is doing gourmet Mac & Cheese it better be good and it better be special.  These were not. Needless to say as a group we were disappointed and we left without having desert because of it. My friend summed it up by stating, "This is the first time I've ever been disappointed in a meal while in Las Vegas.  After a moment of considering this statement I had to agree.  I would not visit T-Bones again which is a very disappointing statement to make for many reasons not the least of which was I thought that I had enjoyed it more until I evaluated my experience by that statement.  Would I spend $500 for a meal like this again?  The answer is no I wouldn't and there are many other places in Las Vegas I were I would.
5	Had the most amazing dinner here last night. We started with the crab cakes. I am not a big fish eater, but were told these were the "best in town". I enjoyed them, even though I don't really like sea food.  We then shared the mixed green salad, which had avocado and bacon and was chopped. It was very delicious!I got the filet and bf got the Rib eye. Both steaks were cooked and seasoned perfectly. I have to say, I thought his was more flavorful and up there with one of the best I have ever had. Shocking from me since I am a filet steak kind of girl. We did both get the Gorgonzola add-on as well to enhance flavor. Sides we got Au gratin potatoes and grilled asparagus. Both pretty good, but the Au-gratin could have had more flavor. Still enjoyable.Desert we got the toffee cake, which was very good, but needed more ice cream. Server was Mike, very pleasant and attentive, as well as the busser. Obviously this place is very pricey, so Probably wont be coming here weekly (Although that would be awesome lol) But if you are looking to treat yourself or a date for a special occasion, you will not be disappointed with T-Bones. Our experience was just wonderful.
5	My wife and I have eaten here twice and loved it both times. Each time we spent over $200, not including the tip. We like to try a lot of stuff. We've both had the blackened ribeye and loved it. The last time we went, I had the lamb chops and I definitely wasn't disappointed. The crab cakes are very good and worth the price of $20 for 2. My wife didn't really like the creamed spinach, but she loved their roasted corn, which they have now removed from the menu.The customer service is always excellent and we'll definitely be eating here again. Oh, and try the fried Oreos. You won't regret it.
5	T-Bones is the best steak on the westside bar none. The grass fed filet is excellent and they have a nice selection of Kobe as well.I've been coming here for years and one interesting and unfortunate thing is that when T-Bones has something that works - they like to change it (LOL). They used to have a few "best in class" items, that they've "reimagined" into mediocrity, but still, this place is very, very good.Some standouts are the creamed corn, the truffle tater tots, their great wine selection, and of course the steaks. Their buttermilk fried chicken with sage gravy is the best fried chicken you will find anywhere on the planet.If you order their mashed potatoes, order them with sour cream and chive mixed in - amazing!For dessert, the fried oreos are both novelty - and surprisingly awesome. Even better and more decadent though is the hot toffee cake. They used to have an AMAZING chocolate cake, but have since replaced it with a replacement that sadly wouldn't stand up to supermarket quality scrutiny.The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. This is overall a really great place!
3	Last couple times I came here food wasn't so great. Or service for that matter. Go to Flemings instead.
5	Ate at the bar. Amy helped me out with the drinks and recommended the ribeye. Awesome food and awesomer service. Thanks again Amy!
2	I had a drink at the bar for happy hour. Airhead bartender and mediocre martini. Since the service sucked, I was not tempted to order the food. Very nice looking room however..good ambiance.  It's basically a "klassier" version of blue martini. It's where you take would take a date who is not an einstein, and thinks a Michael Kors bag is the height of fashion and sophistication, and has a closet full of Ed Hardy from 5 years ago... you get the picture.
5	We visit Las Vegas (from Ohio) 2-3 times per year and most always stay at the Red Rock. When we do, we always make it a point to eat and drink at T-Bones . We prefer to sit at the bar and enjoy the friendly bartenders. Tiana and Amy are professional and obviously enjoy what they do. Thanks to both of you! The food is always excellent and the drinks are generous. This trip, we shared the following:The Lump Crab Cocktail is large and delicious.The Steak is always cooked perfectly and is high quality.The Au-gratin Potatoes are the best!The Corn and Poblano casserole was fresh and a nice compliment to the steak.TOO FULL FOR DESSERT after 3 drinks!!!Again, we shared one meal and were totally stuffed. If you want to be treated respectfully, have high quality prepared food, enjoy a beautiful atmosphere and feel like you got your money's worth, visit T-Bones inside of the Red Rock.
5	Amazing service and food! Pricey but worth every penny!  Luxurious surroundings, awesome service and excellent menu.  Our favorite place to celebrate life! Andreas is our favorite server!
4	We ate here a couple years ago when the winner of Hell's Kitchen was suppose to be hired as the chef. That never happened but the food, drink and service were well above average. My wife had the surf and turf and I had the rack of lamb. The baked potato was the size of a football. The place is a fair distance from the strip but we would return.
5	Was the last table to be seated a few nights ago. Very trendy atmosphere, excellent staff and the food was fantastic. I had the John Dory which was perfectly prepared - the broth was "out of this world".
1	Terrible.  They don't know how to prepare a steak.  It was cold and lifeless.  We asked for it charred medium rare.  Do not eat here.  Remember I warned you!
3	This restaurant s located inside the Red Rock Casino. It was great food and great service. We had a party of 9 and waned to sit at a booth together. This meant squeezing in and adding a few chairs. The servers were awesome putting up with us and not refusing our request. There were too many things ordered to list them all, but the steaks are phenomenal and the Kale Salad is to die for. If you're ever there, then definitely try the Kale Salad. Everyone was pleased with their meal and the wine selection is superb. A little on the pricey side, but well worth it!
4	This place is beautiful let me just say.  The servers are professional and attentive. A dirty dish never stays on the table long before its swooped away! Waters always stayed filled. We ordered wine and our glasses always stayed filled. They make you feel so important here. I mean, its a pretty pricey place so I'd hope so! We ordered two filet mignons and a side of mashed potatoes to share. The filets were delicious. Cooked to perfection. They could have been seasoned more but no biggie. The potatoes were amazing. I'm a huge potato fan so that's saying a lot. No gravy needed. Those spuds had some spunk!  Nom nomz. We were too full for dessert but they brought us a plate of these little raspberry pastries and chocolate pastries. Just little tiny things but there were a lot of them and they were good! The bill was about $130 after my husband's stations employee discount. High but worth the entire experience. I'll be returning absolutely =)
5	Have been to this place few times, and the  experience gets better and better each time. Their prime rib is my favorite!  Love the setting and quick friendly service.
2	Very nice bartenders, very slow food and usually wrong.  Not a lot of options in Summerlin so we always come back...
2	For a steakhouse, this place has terrible steak. My Filet was chewy and tough and was just bad. No thanks. Especially as pricey as this place was. The only reason I give it 2 stars is bc there is a bar outback which is outdoors and it's a chill place to hang out if you just want to get some drinks. The bartenders back there are usually pretty friendly as well.
4	Beautiful with amazing steak. It's not cheap, but as they say, you get what you pay for. Try the wagyu or filet mignon.
2	Called ahead for reservations, requested a booth. Didn't get it. TheMost wonderful steak and sides ruined by a table on the kitchen / whatever pathway!I saw 20 pounds of ice transported, every dirty dish in the restaurant, every server, busboy, barback, manager, and yes even thePlumber with a plunger - twice! It was like sitting under a fan! They need to do away with this table!
5	Stellar service. Amazing Steak. I hit up a ton of places and was Stoked on the ambiance and service.  I will be back
3	I have visited T-Bones a couple of times, had always had amazing service and food! The environment is very classic and luxurious. Awesome service and excellent menu! My only disappointment about T-Bones is that they no longer have happy hour on Friday, we used to love to come here to enjoy a few drinks before enjoying our meal.... we now come less often due to this change.
4	T-bones is located in the Red Rock Hotel & Casino. The restaurant is just inside the doors to the right after you walk in from the East parking garage.It is an upscale dining establishment with cloth napkins and table cloths, but you can dress casually if you choose to do so. They have an elegant dining area and a nice selection of wines to choose from. As expected from a high end steak house it is fairly expensive. The service is excellent. The entire staff is extremely welcoming and friendly from the time you walk through the door until the time you leave.They offer a nice selection of different cuts of meat. The only thing I was disappointed with was only the filet was grass fed. All of the other cuts of meat were just prime cuts that are dry aged. I felt that they should offer more of a selection of grass fed beef for the prices they charge.All of the menu items are ala carte. I had the 22 ounce bone-in ribeye (rare) for $58, Big-eye Tuna Poke, Kale Salad, and the Grilled Tomatoes.The 22 ounce bone-in ribeye was supposed to be cooked rare. It was a little over cooked. It was more medium-rare than rare. The steak had excellent flavor and had consistent marbling through out the steak. It was definitely an excellent cut of beef. I would say that it was an excellent steak, even though I would have preferred it to be grass fed.The Big-eye Tuna Poke appetizer was outstanding. The tuna was very fresh. The poke was set over avocado and seaweed. It was drizzled with  sweet soy reduction that was also outstanding.The Kale Salad had some crunchy kale chips mixed in the salad with walnuts, gorgonzola cheese, and a raspberry vinaigrette dressing. This was an excellent choice from the salad menu. The salad had great flavor.The side of grilled tomatoes with spinach was pretty good. I think the tomatoes could have been grilled longer, unless they were just put in the oven then that would explain why they did not look grilled.Overall it was an enjoyable dining experience and I would definitely recommend dining here.
2	I'm giving this only two stars because my review is somewhat relative to the price.Some aspects of the service were slow but it seemed to be a problem at the bar. (too much employee chatter, not enough work)  Our waiter was fine.  I ordered one of the steak specials which at $52 for about 6 ounces of meat was fairly pricey.  It was delicious but with 2 drinks and a tip it was nearing $100.  It wasn't *that* good.   There are a few other places I can think of that are equally good for less and as my every experience at Red Rock is that they are "strip" and not "locals"... I guess inflated prices go with it.
4	This was our second visit to T Bones at the Red Rock Casino in Summerlin after a disappointing New Years Eve dinner this past year.  I am happy to say that this outing was much better with T Bones delivering an excellent meal, terrific service and a nice atmosphere. Suggest you skip New Years Eve and other event dates here and stick with normal week nights and weekends!For appetizers, my wife tried the Big Eye Tuna Poke and I had the fresh oysters.  The tuna poke was delicious with very fresh tuna and wonderful flavors. The fresh oysters were particularly good, some of the freshest oysters I've had in a while in Las Vegas. Next we ordered the grass fed filet mignon for my wife and the aged prime NY strip for me. Again, both were delicious steaks, seared perfectly with a nice crust and cooked exactly to our specifications.  We also had grilled asparagus and potatoes au gratin for sides. T Bones exceeded our expectations and I can recommend this restaurant without hesitation. In fact, much easier to get a great steak here than fight the crowds on the Strip.
2	While the service and ambience of this place is excellent, along with very good live piano-singer entertainment, the food was average except for the steak. The 12 oz lobster for $75 was good, but the scallops was too salty and lacking in flavor, and I had stomach upset afterwards. The steak was flavorful. We're foodies, I could've spent $310 for dinner for 3 people and get much better food somewhere.
1	Two expensive sides thrown out and a lot of money later, I do not plan on returning.I dined at this restaurant last night for a business outing. As a vegetarian, I was impressed with the sweet potato, grilled asparagus, and mushroom sides. My coworker ordered the halibut (the only wild caught fish on the menu, per our server), but was dismayed that it was as dry as chalk and not very flavorful. The service was friendly except for one bus girl. She gave our table dirty looks the whole night and was not very responsive when asked for things. As dinner wound down, she grabbed the sides of butter, brown sugar, and cinnamon along with the sweet potato that were in front of me without asking if I was done and/or if I wanted them wrapped, and when I hastily said, "Oh! Will you please wrap those for me?!" I received yet another dirty look. When she was finished, I enjoyed the reluctant "plop" of the to-go containers on the ground next to me. She then went on to grab the asparagus and mushrooms from the table, and when I repeated my same request, she gave an indication that she understood. Unfortunately, though, even though she had said "ok", those dishes never did make it back to me and that food was obviously wasted.Super disappointed with this experience and I do not have plans to return.
3	Lovely design, happy greeting and beautiful bar . However there is a sense of " not sure what to do" by those behind the bar. They seem to have good intensions & smile a lot but not knowing what they should be doing back there. This leads to long wait times and confusion. The food at the bar, should they remember to ask if you need a menu is a small one but excellent taste & presentation . Getting a drink can be on time but not necessary. Any questions about a wine etc gets a similar deer on head lights unless it's a very popular  oneSo enjoy and prepare to coach those behind the bar to keep pace with you
3	So the low down I got on T-Bones was good steaks but over priced. I would have to say I agree. Sat at the bar (eating alone so it made sense). Note - Blond bartenders in Vegas all have an "I know I'm hot, don't look at me" attitude. The only brunette, Christine, was excellent. She checked on me regularly, was very pleasant and made me feel welcome. The other two (blonds) wouldn't give me the time of day and made me fight just to get a drink order. I ordered a Greygoose Martini, straight up and a little dirty. My bad luck one of theblonds made it. Drink was weak with way to much Vermouth. I didn't feel like dealing with the blond attitude (Christine was busy helping other customers) so I kept it. I got the crab cakes for the app. Not bad but I have had better (to much breading not enough crab). Then the Wagyu filet, medium rare with mushrooms. It was OK but could have been closer to medium rare (I expect pink in the center). My bill for one person at dinner came to $122 and change. With tip ($30) it was $152. For that kind of money I expected much better service and food. I won't be going to T-Bones again.
5	Love the Porterhouse.
3	Food Awesome.....staff not so good!! Took forever to get my food!
4	I went to dinner with my boss and 3 other managers. I felt the service wasn't the fastest but when we finally got to order our server was awesome. The only bad part of the night was 2 of my coworkers ordered prime rib and 10 min later we found out they ran out of it. Steak house running out of prime rib was odd. I had a great steak that was cooked to perfection. All the staff were friendly and willing to help. Place was clean and would be a great date night with my wife. Pricing for a steakhouse was average. Overall can't wait to go back. Last try the wedge salad it's very tasty how they combine all the toppings.
5	We had a wonderful anniversary dinner here.   The 22oz Ribeye steak was perfect, and the sweet corn that was recommended by our waiter was amazing. There was live music, and an upbeat atmosphere. They have a really nice outdoor area that I would have liked to sit at. We will definitely be dining here again.
5	Great night out. Had kitchen sink Caesar salad - EXCELLENT. Had early reservation at 5:45 so they still had prime rib and  was able to get an end cut.  Sides are all $10 and $12 and we shared mac & cheese and mashed potatoes.  Menu is pricy; our queen's cut of prime rib was $38 - cheaper than lowest priced steak at $42.  Food just amazing. They now have a scotch cart with gadget that makes a round ball of ice for your cocktail - it was a nice presentation and nice touch.  Overall great meal.
4	My experience here has been great. It's very upscale and the decor of the fire along the wall is very cool. It is a smaller restaurant, which gives a nice intimate feeling. The staff is wonderful. They made sure every person in the restaurant was taken care of. I tried the lamb chops with the asparagus. It was quite good. I do want to note, I did not pay for my meal, so this may be a different review if I did. When I saw the prices, I don't think I would have paid that. I would have also expected a better quality for that price. That being said, I am not positive I would recommend this place unless you have plenty of money to spend.
4	Happy hour is fantastic! Bone in steak was delish and so as their halibut! I'm a fan!
4	Very good food and wine list!! Service was a little on the slow side but still very good!  The charred corn was a little too smoky / lamb was great / overall very very good!
5	Well this place is certainly a hidden gem!  Me and the group of 20 people I was with were all pleasantly surprised.  From my tomato mozzarella appetizer to the filets, kobe beef, wagu beef to the friend oreas....EVERYTHING was incredible.  Oh yeah...the mac n cheese was awesome as well!  Byran, our server was great.  He was so nice and funny too.  Plus the 3 free bottles of wine that another table sent over to us wasn't a bad thing either.  That just made it all the better.  The great thing about this place is that you don't have to dress up.  I will definitely go back next time I hit Vegas.
5	The food is of the highest quality with great service.They keep up dating their menu to keep it interesting for the repeat customer.The wine list is  extensive something for every ones taste and budget.
4	Made a reservation for Friday night at 7:30 and our table was ready on time.  The wait staff was extremely attentive, helpful and well versed on the menu.  They were able to give specific recommendations I hate when the waiters tell me that everything is good.  Grow a pair and let me know what's good, right?  The wife went with the bone in rib eye and loved it, I had the large filet and it was like butter.  My only criticism is that I'd like to have the option of a blue cheese or a horseradish crust.  We split the California Salad which was big enough for two and split a baked yam which was DELISH.  We split a piece of cheesecake which was so huge we couldn't finish it, it was light and creamy.   If you're ever in the Red Rock Casino don't miss this place.
4	The Wagyu 10oz was really tasty, but for $86, not the best steak I've ever had. Totally expected more for my money. The Yelp reviews were right. It is good, but overpriced for what you get.The garlic mashed potatoes were buttery and whipped. Melted in your mouth, but you'd expect that for $12. A good sized portion in line with other steak houses.I enjoyed the live music. Catchy tunes that enhanced the experience.
1	A major disappointment.  We've recently moved into Las Vegas and had dinner at this hotel's coffee shop a few weeks ago and was very impressed.  So, being a steak lover, I wanted to check this restaurant out.  We didn't realize it was so upscale (the casino is very casual) and were out shopping nearby, so it was a last minute idea to eat there.  We walked in just after 5pm on Sat, only a couple of table were occupied, so not having a reservation didn't seem to be an issue and we were seated right away.  The waiter explained the menu well and took our orders.  While waiting for our appetizers and bread to be served, the hostess seated a party of four right next to us (in what was basically an empty restaurant) -- the people had a small DOG with them.  I immediately looked at the hostess and said this would be a problem for me, and one of the 4 people quickly said "it's a service dog" (looked like a household pet to me).  I got up and said to my girlfriend, their table and the hostess "We'll go to another restaurant" -- no attempt was made to have us stay.  I've been eating in these types of restaurants for decades and never had dinner sitting next to a dog before anywhere (even at fast food places), it's too bad because I was hoping for a great, memorable meal -- of course at $80 a person, it should be great.
4	Best steak house I have ever been to. Very pricey though. I had the bone in rib eye steak and it was excellent.   Dad had the halibut, and brother had the wagyu streak from Japan. Steak was melt in your mouth. Service was very good! Only giving the 4 stars because it was a bit pricey. $78 for a wagyu steak seem a bit much but dad used comps so that made it all good lol
1	Had the Japanese-bred, Colorado-raised filet.  It took forever, then steak was cold and not cooked to correct temperature.  Seems like the steak set for awhile before it was served.  Wait staff was great and wine selection good but probably won't go back.  I don't mind paying premium prices for great steak but not premium prices for craptastic steak.
3	Good but overpriced.If someone brought me here, and their company credit card bought dinner, I'd be all in! But I wouldn't want my friends or family to come out of pocket at this place. Nor would I spend my own money here. I've tried eating here four times, and though the food was good...sometimes it came out in waves - some people were served while others waited. Sometimes it took a long, long time for our table to get the food. Such a long time that you go from being hungry to  being over it. And P.O.ed. And the prices are just too high for the dinner not to be "perfectish."Food servers are friendly. The steak is excellent. The decor is lovely. But it's just not worth it.
5	Servers were on point Very kind and attentive even tho all I order was a few side and a salad to share they did not treat me any different Bread Basket was scrumptious!!!!
4	This is a very, very nice steak house. The ambiance and decor are just beautiful. There is also a very nice outdoor seating area with fire pits, perfect for an after dinner drink. I have been here with groups and we have not had any disappointment in the food (salads are incredible and big enough to share, great seafood apps, perfectly cooked steaks and adequate sides). The live music - not sure if they have it during the week - was also great. Service was perfect; very attentive. Really the only downside is the prices are a bit inflated, even considering the food quality and service. Unless you made out well at the casino, it's an enjoyable splurge!
