2	I've been coming here for a long time. The atmostphere is cool. The magazine selection is fantastic. The place has gone downhill a little bit. The stylists used be peppy efficient friendly decent people. Now they all seem to be extremely slow, I mean a haircut every 30 min max. How the hell do you make money doing two $21 haircuts per hour?! The quality of empoyees has also begun to dwindle, kind shabby looking if you know what I mean (the supercuts variety). I don't really know where else to get my hair cut, I really like that they shave your neck with the razor. I tried to contact the owner who I've met and is really fast by the way), but there isn't a website.
5	unlike the shill reviewer for his store across the street,  I've been going here for years.  Great neighborhood location, friendly American barbers, good value for the money.  This IS NOTt a cheap $9 soviet we-buy-gold place for walmart shoppers.  What you get is a good hair cut, by a nice person, in a clean place.  Unlike every other place I've been to in 40+ years, they wash your hair AFTER the cut to get rid of cut bits and looks like you would normally look hitting the road..  Add in a hot towel, head and neck massage, and it makes a stressful day a lot better.
4	I was running errands this week and noticed a shop down on Glendale called Athleticuts. WOW!If you are a guy, have hair that needs cutting, and love sports I think I found you a little slice of heaven! cost was actually right around what haircuts costs these days and to be honest for the last year I couldn't say I got a cut I liked, until today. I've been to a few so-called barbers in the area and this place has something a lot of them lack, customer service. I was able to get a cut, neck shave, beard trim, massage, shampoo, and some product (BigSexyHair) for about $50 with tip.  The store was clean, an interactive screen showed you how long your wait was, and all the stylist were professional and polite. Sports theme, and plenty of sports memorabilia to check out while your there! I highly recommend them over any barber, or sports chimps any day!
3	Is Athleticuts still there? I haven't lived on that side of town in years. I enjoyed the hot towel, and I LOVED the Memorial Stadium chairs that I sat in while waiting. Being an Orioles fan, that was amazing. Other than that, they came out right at the same time as Sport Clips, and Sport Clips expanded much faster. I am not sure where the fork in the road came between the two, they offer the same services. I do agree, they were pretty slow when I went, although they did cut my hair fairly nice and the neck shave was swell. It was just too expensive for a generic haircut every 5 weeks or so. My hair grows quick haha. If I wanted to pay this much each time, I would go for the same price to a nice barber and get a custom cut. But it was OK, if you enjoy Sport Clips you would like Athleticuts, they just get knocked down two stars for being to pricey and having a product that is not worth the price of admission.
5	I have been going here for the past 10 years after getting one too many Great Clip haircuts. I haven't had a bad haircut since I've been going here. A vast majority of the people that work here are mainstays, so you get consistency here. Kathy and Peggy are great people and will treat you right. The place is always clean and the extra touches are well worth the money. The midway feature is worth the price alone not to mention added assurance that you're getting a quality haircut. I've read a few negative reviews about wait times. I'd rather wait a few extra minutes to get a quality haircut rather than getting in 5 minutes earlier and get butchered by someone who just got their license. This place is very well run and I like the people complaining about business practices. Listen they've been there 10 years, I think they're doing something right. Take it from someone who's been going to both Athleticuts for the past 10 years. This place is outstanding.
5	Fantastic haircut from Sadie! You really get a great value for the price if your looking for a good haircut with some nice amenities like shampoo and scalp massage!
