5	Great product and great service.  For those of us on a budget this is a great alternative to spending thousands of dollars on expensive countertops.  Would highly recommend this product and Stonelike Refinishing.
5	I recently purchased a house and I hated the laminate countertops. I wanted them to have the granite look, however I couldn't afford the granite price. I started looking into different options and found Stonelike Refinishing. It is a unique process that uses your old countertops but trandformes them into new countertops. It gives them a textured rock like look and feel and costs a quarter of the price as new tops. The reason I am giving 5 Stars is because of the customer service from Ariel and Dulce the owners of Stonelike Refinishing. They were excellent from start to finish. The countertops look perfect and I get tons of compliments on them. Also Stonelike Refinishing offers a 5 Year warranty  which cannot be beat. Great product, Great customer service, Great Company!!Kaleb ThrelkeldChandler AZ1/23/2013
5	We have 6 ft double integrated sink vanity made of cultured marble from 1978. Considered replacing entire vanity and top but my wife did a beautiful job refinishing cabinetry so we decided to keep.  Looked at concrete overlays, and complete replacement alternatives. All were very expensive. We found Stonelike Refinishing on internet.  They offer a special formula spray-on system that looks very much like natural granite or many of the engineered stone countertops. We were reluctant at first, since there are other paint-type systmes on the market that we thought looked a little chincy (I know it can be a matter of taste).  We are very pleased with the finish applied by Ariel and Dulce, the principals in the company.  The quality is excellent and at a price point that is affordable in comparison to available alternatives. Their method fills in the seams between the back and side splashes, resulting in a clean, smooth integrated look. With proper care, I expect to enjoy our new vanity for many years, Ariel and Dulce are a young ambitions team sharing a passion for their unique approach . They are excellent at explaining the product, the installation process and  the cost of the job. Communication is excellent before, during and until job is complete to client satisifaction.   We proudly recommend Sontelike refining. PS; Since Ariel wants to do a complete job right, it is necessary to remove drain flanges and faucets. For me, this was the perfect opportunity to upgrade my faucets, drain flanges, and hot and cold supply valves and lines.Happy CustomerRuss S.
5	A few months ago I had Stonelike Refinishing do a home we rent.  The other tile was dull an looked like it needed a lift.  I call Dulce at Stonelike ,an from the very beginning of my call she gave me everything I needed from the instructions on how to measure to when they could do it.  I'm quite particular, so I was a little scared.  They showed up right on time. An began doing the job in the kitchen, an three bathrooms.  I was so surprise at how they turned out I had to write this review.  They were beautiful, an made such a difference in this rental.  I would reccomend this company to anyone.  Even my company that takes care of this house wanted their phone number.  It is so affordable when you do not want to put granite in.  Also, something I really liked was if someone burns or damages the counter tops they can be repaired very easy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Jennifer s, Goodyear, Az.
5	Wow. The results are incredible. They came on tome, did the job and our kitchen and bathroom are completely revitalized. Would recommend them to anyone looking to update the look of their home.
1	buyer beware!  this is a new owner now and they have screwed my clients.  they were paid in full and did not finish the job and are telling me that they have no more money to buy additional product until feb 2015 after they have done some additional jobs.do not use stonelikerefinishing it is a new owner
