4	I went there for lunch with my wife and the service was good.  My wife had a bean and cheese burrito and I had a carne asada burrito.  With 2 cans of soda lunch came to 12 bucks. They had samples of some banana nut bread that my wife said was the best she ever had.  We will definately be going back here again.
5	Fish tacos on corn tortillas here are even better when you take them home and nuke them in the microwave for 1 minute. At $2 each, they are entirely a deal and good for you, as they offer cabbage, rice, beans, cilantro, cheese (just a little), a baked white fish with a little yummy sauce.I too thought the banana walnut bread was memorable, also at $2 per slice.Woman-owned business is an additional plus!
3	Nice little franchise.  Cute.  Friendly.  Food tastes nutricious.  Very inexpensive.  But honestly, the food tastes uncooked... bring it home and microwave it.
4	Food was good, Staff was super friendly ..... I'll be back for sure!!!!!!
2	I've heard some buzz about Two Hippies Beach House, so when I happened upon it at lunch time I thought I would give it a try.First of all, there weren't any hippies running the place.  Instead there was two lovely ladies, one at the front counter, and the other cooking the food.  They were both very nice and helpful.   I ordered the 3 taco special, opting for a fish taco, a chicken taco and a carne asada taco.  I also ordered a diet coke, which was handed to me in a can.My order number was called out and I recieved three large tinfoil packages...  I thought that was a good sign that they were so big.However, I've never really been a huge fan of eating out of tinfoil or off of red trays, so that's where the experience began to turn south.The tacos were filled with rice, beans, and the chosen meat, along with freshly grated cheese, and chopped cabbage.  They were quite big.  I wasn't sure if it was supposed to be that way, but all of the tacos were quite cold and flavorless.  The chicken appeared like it had come out of a can.  It was white and tasted boiled.  There was no flavoring at all. The carne asada appeared to be slow cooked beef, and tasted like  it had been boiled in water.  Again, no flavorings.  Then rice and beans were bland.  The pinto beans appeared like they had just come out of the can.The fish taco had moist chunks of fish, and it was actually the best of the three, however the flavoring came from the sauce that was on it, not from the fish.Overall, the restaurant came far short of the "Outrageously good" food that their sign out front touts.  There was nothing "outrageous" about it, and good, well the food was not.    The best thing they had going for them was the two ladies who were working there who were very friendly.  Two thumbs down for this restaurant.
2	Had lunch will a fellow yelper here..  From the broken ATM to the dry, bland chicken, I'd have a hard time recommending this place.  I may give it a second chance because I want it to be good, but there are plenty of good mexican places nearby..
4	I'm slowly but surely finding some of the good local(ish in this case) business in the northern Phoenix area.  Two Hippies is one of the winners.First impressions - man this place is small!  A total of five tables is barely enough to hold the lunchtime rush - in fact, people were standing all over the place.  We were lucky enough to snag a table while waiting for our food and we felt like VIPs.The first impression I had was that the menu was really diverse.  Tacos, burgers, and hot dogs is an interesting combo; but even within those food groups there were a lot of different choices.Tacos were $2 each or 3/$5 - a great deal given how big they are.  There are a lot of options including chicken, fish, a few types of beef, and even cactus.  The hot dogs included things like feta and pesto mayo.  I ordered the chicken and fish tacos, and to be a little adventurous threw in a cactus taco.  All of them were way bigger than I thought they'd be, and the cactus was amazingly good.  It was sprinkled with some Feta cheese and various other veggies.Two important things - CASH ONLY and no tax!! $5 is $5 when you rock the Hippy palace.
5	Thrifting about the countryside of the Sunnyslope area finding amazing deals on everything, including a gently used pair of Merrel's for $2.50 at Goodwill, makes you forget about your grumbling tummy. My husband and I are big fans of the Two Hippies Beach House on Camelback and have been meaning to try out some of the new locations. My secret desire is that the Two Hippies franchise will soon take the place of a few local McDonalds, bringing hope to the next fast food generation. When we walked into this location it was clean and friendly. There is much less kitsch on the walls than the other locations, it's more roomy inside and the menu is clear and easy to read. We strolled up to the counter and Mike asked for our order. He and my husband talked until our food came and he never ventured from being polite.Great atmosphere. Great service. Now, the food.I actually shutter and am still having a hard time with this. But, it must be written. Better than the Camelback location. I didn't even know what I was missing. I could taste every ingredient in my fish taco from the first to last bite. I could taste the fresh cabbage, the fish, the onion, the sauce. The cilantro was fresh (and I grow my own herbs at home, so that's saying a lot.) Before it all blended together. Now it all had it's own flavor perfectly matched inside a tortilla. I don't even like taco's, that's why I was so impressed with the Camelback location. But this was no taco, this was a foodgasm. Smaller portions, better quality, same fantastic service. Thank you Mike and your family for being the perfect Two Hippies owners. You will do well.
3	Tucked away in a little row of shops.... they park the hippie van near the street to serve as a sign.  Stop in for lunch or to grab a bite on the way home from work.  It's worth it.  The cost is low and the quality is good.  I like the hot dogs and hamburgers, but a friend swears by the buritto.  Last time I stopped in, I tried a taco, and wasn't disappointed.I won't say this is the BEST burger, because it isn't, but when I apply my little formula of priorities which includes cost, convenience, quality, friendliness and service.... this place comes up a winner.  There are better burgers in town at 2 or 3 times the price, but when I eat here, in addition to having a decent meal at a good price in a friendly environment....I feel good for supporting a family owned business.
4	My husband and I were surprised to see the restaurant open up in this location and only recently checked it out for the first time.  We were pleasantly suprised.  Great prices, super friendly staff, cheesy (but fun) atmosphere.  This has become a favorite lunchtime food grab for my husband as he also works in the area.  I'm happy to have found this little neighborhood gem!FAVORITE FOODS SO FAR:  Fish tacoHot dog with feta cheese, tomato and pesto mayo (yummy)Husband loves the Fat-Ass BurgerOtTHER PEOPLE'S POSTED CONS:Yes it's small -- big dealYes it's cash only -- Slightly inconveniencing but I can live with this (as a small business owner myself who is getting eaten alive by credit card transaction fees). And geesh... they've even supplied an ATM inside the restaurant for the first timers who don't know any better.
2	Was not impressed. I am not a fan of cold cheddar cheese, took it home to heat it. I am gonna stick to the other getho fab places in the area when I crave tacos. I do prefer corn tortillas to flour tortillas.
4	Just to start out don't even believe a word from Don S. review, he's so full of it his eyes are brown.  And what does someone from the left coast know about mex. food!  He probabably thinks Chi Chis is the bomb or tres margaritas or some other chain.  Also who would buy 2 tacos and not take advantage of the 3 for 5.00 deal?  He probably shops for groceries when he's hungry!  Well anyway, I eat at the 2 hip. at 7th, and dunlap.  Order the carne asada taco and a coke.  Dump abunch of the mild red sauce on it and take a big bite, its not you average tasting taco but I have been there many times  and I like it.  Oh by the way anyone that knows anything about carne asada it can be a little chewy, its hard to trim and I don't make a big deal about.  And thats The Truth.
5	Just do it... it's super inexpensive and super delish... just go eat there... seriously... I wish I would have thought of this little idea...
5	Very cheap, very delicious with very friendly staff. I'll definitely be back soon.
