3	This is the original location of Pike's - the soda shoppe, however, has now located to the South End (and different owners as well) - leaving an old-time pharmacy here on Shamrock.  Really unique at Pike's is the ability to "compound" medicines - even for pets.  That means that they can take your medicines and mix them together to form an entirely new compound (get it?).Now I really have no idea if anyone does this, what with the bazillions of medicines that are out there already at the omnipresent corner drug store.  And to be fair, the selection at this small store is probably not what you will find at those stores.  To make matters worse, Pike's is a little inconvenient to most.Also, what you will find is the OG pharmacy in a strip mall bordering on decrepit.  In fact, it looks like they are about to tear it down because of the work going on around it, but the businesses here (Pike's and Fokoskie's) seem to be going strong.  Definitely worth checking out for the historical factor alone.
5	I used to go to those big-name chain pharmacies, but never every again.  Jesse Pike and the folks at Pikes are hands down, amazing.  I don't have drug coverage on my insurance, so I called a lot of places (Wal-Mart, Harris Teeter, Rite Aid, CVS) and the independent places like Pikes were consistently the most inexpensive.Even more important than the cost, I feel like I'm getting better medical service from Pikes.  They really care about what they are giving out, and want to make sure the drugs work for you.  They are much more helpful than anywhere else I've ever been, and always answer all of my questions.  I drive 30 minutes out of my way just to get my prescriptions filled at Pikes.  I've never had better customer service, or felt better and more secure about the drugs I am taking.
5	Pikes provides exceptional service and knowledge.   They know their stuff, they care about their customers and are willing to help by going above and beyond.    It is unfortunate that service like this is missing from most businesses out there.Try Pikes it will be worth it.
5	Pike's is a fantastic option for those seeking more local options. They don't have the most convenient hours- but they do deliver and they are always willing to work with you. This is also a place that I trust for quick medical advice- how to heal a burn, check blood pressure, so on. It is hard to find places who still listen and are patient- ESPECIALLY anything in regards to medicine. These people are patient. You also know who you are talking to- it isn't a faceless/nameless pharmacist. The prices are EXACTLY the same- if not lower- than a box chain. Another benefit- I had a minor emergency once in NYC and the New York pharmacy I went to was local (and very cranky). The pharmacist was willing to help me out the moment he talked to Pike's and saw that we go local.
