3	This place works if you do not have time to prepare healthy means for yourself. We have ordered 3 times. The common theme is spicy with little flavor. Most dishes I had have been spicy or heavy on the garlic. The portion sizes are small which can help you manage your weight if you still to the meal plan.
5	My new addiction on healthy ... and not only is this place healthy... its good for you ... it's a treat for your body... your senses... and packaged in a way that travels well for someone on the go ... say if your a fly girl like me! I have been to all 3 stores in the valley. I like the one near me on Shea and Tatum. It doesn't have the 'kitchen' but everyone is friendly and helpful. In fact, the last time the guy walked out my Fit Foods purchase to my car. How's that for service! I have my favorite foods like Brian's Enchiladas, which at the small portion size is perfect for me. I love the Salmon and Pear Salsa ...again I get the small portion size but it comes in medium and large and all are calorie and serving breakdown conscious. I am on a gluten free diet lately for health reasons affiliated with migraines. These foods freeze well and the staff was even a little surprised when I shared that with them. I don't think the price is off at all.. it's fresh and it's healthy and if you went to buy and prepare this on your own you would be spening the same or more. Worth the trip... I hope MyFitFoods opens more stores.. My heart adores!
5	This place is great...i was skeptical at first, because i thought "microwavable" would suck! however i gave the place a chance & i've been eating these great already portioned tasty meals for the past 2 weeks..The food has alot of flavour & i'm so surprised it still tastes so good in the microwave..this is perfect for bachelors, people on the go, or trying to manage their weight.Service is excellent as well. Love the concept!
5	The food is very good, but what even better are the people.I needed their help and Todd the manager step-up and was there for me.  My hat go out to this business for going the extra mile.
5	I may never cook again!  I went in to pick up lunch for today and got so excited to see whole food, gluten free, all ready prepared and fresh that I left with 7 meals for $50.00!  All the employees were so nice and helpful!  I spoke to several personnel and they were all well educated on their products and services.  Thanks for your great attitudes!
5	A wonderful idea for a fit person on the go or just someone who wants to eat a good meal. Affordable - great portions, and a super friendly and helpful staff every time. Thank you Chaz and Ida!
2	At first I thought this would be a good alternative to frozen microwave meals, like Lean Cuisine.  I rationalized that I would be eating freshly prepared meals that were good for me, without having to prepare anything.  After eating the prepared dishes at every meal, for several days in a row, I noticed I was craving water in massive amounts.  I literally could not stop drinking water. I realized that the only thing that was different was the food from My Fit Foods.  So, I actually sat down and read the nutrition label for some of the things I bought.  Every dish was sky high in sodium!  One dish was supposed to constitute 70% of my daily intake of sodium and 30% of my daily intake of cholesterol.  I was floored.  I thought the dishes were healthy.  While many of them have good fats, are high in protein, and have decent amounts of fiber, there are TONS that are loaded with sodium, cholesterol, and saturated fats. Be very careful when you choose what dishes to buy.  The prices are also extremely high.  Additionally, I think most of the meals are much too spicy (I'm convinced that the over abundance of spices is to cover up bland flavor).If you decide that you absolutely have to order food from them, go online and click on the low sodium tab to see their choices for low sodium dishes.  There are only a few choices, but it would be a shame to lose weight and then develop a heart condition later on.
5	My wife and I started  the 21 day challenge after Thankgiving. We both loved all the meals and the snacks in between. This was the first time I've  ever dieted and I also started exerciseing and lifting weights for the first time. I initially wanted to start on the program not because I had a lot of weight to lose, but I wanted to get in a routine of eating healthy and avoiding the junk food. I feel so much better and have a lot more energy. I lost 11lbs. in the first three weeks and my wife lost 10lbs. Since finishing the challenge I've lost an additional 9lbs. I plan on continueing to eat heathy and exercising . It really is a lifestyle ! My wife and I plan on continueing to visit the store for our favorite meals and my chocolate protein shake.Thanks to Leah and the staff at My Fit Foods, they were very helpful with our questions and with any concerns we had. Love you guys, you changed our lives forever !!!
2	I agree with the posting that reported very high sodium and other not so good nutritional components to their meals. At first glance this seemed as if it would be a great, fast option to cooking, but not so. Expensive and usually not organic. Fruit with pesticides are not on my choice list.
5	I went to visit this store for the first time last night because I was starving and didn't have time to cook dinner. Wow! I was so surprised! This place is the most amazing quick lunch/dinner store I have ever been to.  I got the fresh Salmon and Chicken Fruit Bowl. The salmon was fresh and the chicken fruit bowl had grapefruit and oranges that were delicious.  The big surprise was the salad I got for the next day...Sriracha Chicken Salad. I had to work at the office 11 hours straight and didn't know if I was going to make it without lunch, then I remembered I had bought a salad from My Fit Foods...I opened it and the entire office kept asking me how it was because it smelled so good. Needless to say it got me through the day and saved my energy!
5	I have been wanting to try My Fit Foods for sometime now and am excited to share this review with you. We all lead super busy lives and with that comes the convenience of Fast Food. With working 10 hour days and then spending an hour at the gym it can be hard to prepare healthy dinners. This has always been my biggest struggle. My boyfriend has always been super supportive and often helps out with the cooking but even his schedule can make it hard at times. My fit foods solves this problem! The meals are healthy and properly portioned. They are not frozen and are labeled with expiration dates. The only down fall is this sometimes means making multiple trips to the my fit foods store. This is a small inconvenience that is worth the pain in order to receive fresh meals. When I first did my research and read reviews I became worried about the sodium content of the meals. The sales lady in the store however put my mind at ease by showing me how the meals are coded. They take all diet and health restrictions into account and have a nutritionist on site to help with these concerns. My fit foods is reasonable (roughly around $7 dollars a meal), I received a discount for being a fitness Instructor, they are healthy, and they taste really good! I highly recommend them.
5	What an amazing idea! The food was outstanding, portioned, and super convenient! I WILL be back. Joe was super helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable about the company! We enjoyed great conversation and great food! Thanks Joe!
5	I'm so glad there's a place like this that exists! I went there for the first time today and it was so good. The place is clean and the customer service was great. I wish I got the young ladies name that helped me. She took the time to tell me how everything worked as well as a bit of background to how the meals are prepared which I appreciate.  You know your getting nothing but the best when the food is fresh. You can either heat the food there or if you work or live nearby you can just take it home.  I'll definitely be back again since I work down the street.  Thank you for the great customer service :)
5	Ive never been to a place with this concept, and going in i had actually no idea how it really worked. I got there and they layout is super simple but very neat. When I went in I clearly had the most confused look on my face and this super sweet blonde helped me right away. The food was awesome and still tasted amazing after being reheated in the microwave. Not too pricey either!
2	I'm giving this place two stars because the concept is a great idea. Great for people who don't have time to cook. However, I have lost respect for this company when I was blatantly lied to by a few people at two different locations. As someone with a degree from ASU in Nutrition/Dietetics I of course asked what the credentials are of the "nutritionists" who work here. The girl told me she has a degree in nutrition from ASU. I was told the same thing at the location in Scottsdale. I suspected it was a lie so I called to speak to someone in management and they finally admitted that no one  who works there has a background in nutrition. I would advise anyone considering buying meals from here to be aware of the high sodium content of their meals but more importantly realize how unprofessional and unethical it is to lie about credentials. When someone tells you that they are a "nutritionist" always ask what their background is as this is very different from someone who s a "dietitian". Don't let them dupe you. Like I said the concept is good but they could use a little work in business ethics.
5	Love their fresh meal options...one of the best solutions for healthy quick food I have been able to find. 5 stars for days...
4	We are all about recommending meal planning and prepping to our clients, but also understand that sometimes it just doesn't happen. My Fit Foods gives anyone who wants to live a healthy lifestyle a different option from the usual fast food joints. Our nutrition beliefs are just a little bit different from theirs, so that's the reason for one star missing! Keep up the awesome work and thanks for being available for our FitFam!!
