3	For $79 a night, using a promo code on the hotel's website, I think the experience was positive.The morning breakfast was as good as any continental breakfast you're going to get at much more expensive places, the rooms were roomy, the beds firm (which for me is comfortable), and the pool area was nice. Casey was super-friendly and as helpful as she could be at the front desk. She's a keeper!
1	Do not stay at this hotel. Unless you like rooms that are outdated by at least 20 years.Not only are the rooms outdated, but they are dirty. My family and I stayed here for 3 nights because my son and his travel baseball team had a tournament in Phoenix AZ. Our baseball team took up almost an entire floor in the tower towards the back. People say the tower in the front is the nice one. We wouldnt know.They show their nice rooms on the website but they do not show you the old ugly rooms. Im guessing this is the reason our rooms were $75.00.I completely understand you get what you pay for. However, the rooms were dirty. One of the partys in our group saw pee on the lower portion of the toilet. Our sheets were stained with blood. You could tell they had been washed but c'mon. Replace them! The bathroom fan in our room made this loud depressing sound.I will never stay at this hotel again. I woudnt either if I were you. On a more positive note...the swimming pool area is pretty cool. Nice size pool. They let us bbq and drink our beer. The pool was clean by the way. And the A/C in the rooms also worked well.That is the only reason they get any stars. Otherwise I accuse them of false advertisement.Place is in the ghetto to. So lock your cars.Next time we will be staying in Peoria AZ
1	Literally might be one of the worst hotels in the world, minus 3rd world hotels and cockroach motels. Basically, it's dirty, smokey, has sketchy strange people... and the hotel staff are very rude. I went to the pool for an event, it was free for hotel people, around $25 per person to the public, hotel raised the price that the producer had set. They didn't know what event I was talking about or who the producer was, I asked if I could look around or look for them and they said no even though I was fine going with security so I didn't run off. I couldn't have run off, the event was 3 areas, 2 rooms, 1 HIDDEN (my friend's area) and 1 outside. Was too loud to call my friend, no DJ, but a metal band. They wouldn't let the DJ hook up the music and refused to get a liquor license. I also got patted down, saving myself from less of a pat down by pulling my pockets out and shaking my clothes - I'm a small girl with skin tight girl shorts and spaghetti strap... yea I'm packing?I hear they're under new management since then, hope so!
3	This hotel was great for the price. No complaints about the room itself. It was clean, spacious, and had a window that opened to the outside. The water in the bathroom took a little while to warm up, but once it was there, it was nice and hot.The A/C in the hallways and lobby was way too cold IMO, and sometimes the hallways smelled like cigarette smoke, even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking floor. These guys are really strict about late check outs. They will let you check out at noon, but they will let you know with their tone that they are not happy about it, and will not budge any further. Regular check out time at this hotel is 11 am. Most hotels I stay at have a noon check out, and I always ask for a 1pm late check out so I don't feel rushed. So this was kind of a turn off.There is no fitness center on the property, but you do get free access to LA Fitness across the street while you are staying here.If you book through Expedia, the hotel will charge you a $10 "resort fee". Still a great deal, and if it wasn't for the whole "late" check out thing, I would definitely consider staying here next time I am in Phoenix.
1	Recently booked a room for just one night. I live just south of this Motel and when the A/C went out in my apartment my landlord offered to put us up for the night. I originally checked the Hotel Tonight app on my phone, and saw that the Saguaro in old town scottsdale was $59.00 for the night which INCLUDED PETS. Thats right,NO additional fee to get my two doggies out of the hot-sauna-like apt. I would have just stuck it out for the night at home but I couldn't make the pups suffer. So just before I made my reservations with the Saguaro, my landlord called and mentioned the Camelback Sahara, since it was right across the street. So I checked their website and to my surprise,there was $25 pet fee in addition to the $49.00 per night charge for the room. Since my landlord was paying for it and mentioned the Sahara, I decided to go ahead and book the room. It came out to $65.00 after roomstays.com 9.95 fee and taxes but I couldn't figure out how to add the pet charge on my order, but I knew I could just add them onto the room when I arrived to  check in. But when I actually got over there, I forgot to ask about adding the dogs when we checked in. On the way up to the room, BANG!, it hit me that I forgot, so I immediately went back down to the front desk and told the girl my short story about the ac and that I needed to bring my dogs. She told me it was $50.00 fee per dog (and I have 2 of them)so it was an additional $100.00 put my dogs up in the hotel with me. SERIOUSLY? I then told her that online on the hotels website, it said the pet fee was $25.00 and that it didn't specify per pet. She then told me I was looking at the roomstays.com website and that it was incorrect on that site. I again told her that it was the hotels website, I even offered to show her on my phone, which she declined and said all she knows it that it is $50.00 per pet, per night. I told her if she can't honor the price listed on the hotel website that this wasn't going to work and that I wanted a refund. She said since I had already gotten the room keys, and had potential access to the room (which I never made it up to) that there was nothing she can do and that my money wouldn't be refunded no matter what I did. Period. She said it so "matter of fact so" Like you can try but you aint getting a dime back. I told her very calmly that I understand there is only so much she can do and asked for the Manager. She came back with " there is only so much im  willing to do" and that there was no manager on duty until the A.M. I asked for his number which she finally gave me so I left my key on the counter and went back home to the scorching hot apt where I slept with the dogs for the night. The Camelback Sahara sucks. And I will never go there again. Also it's interior is dated, the elevator is scummy, there is a weird smell throughout the building and the parking lot asphalt is cracked and inhabited by a bunch of feral cats.
1	Are you kidding me? Look at the instruction paper they give you at check in. The insult their guests... " The Shower " Normally we require our guests to have an engineering degree to operate our vintage era shower, however if you do not have the necessary qualifications blah blah and then it says Shirley we don't have to tell you how a tv works? And if so there is a hint. Point the button covered thing. Who says this kind of crap to their guests? Major no!
1	So so so bad. I planned a night with my husband at Camelback Sahara/Hotel 502 because I got such a steal on Hotels.com. We looked forward to it and the pictures looked decent. But it is so bad! From the minute we pulled into the parking lot we considered just driving back home! (We left the baby at Grandmas hoping for a fun night on the town).The location is good - central and a few blocks from Central rail station - but it is a Days Inn. It has Days Inn TV's, Days Inn room numbers, Days Inn carpet, Days Inn water pressure (none). It is literally an old Days Inn that they are trying to turn into a hip resort (slowly... and cheaply).  They had two nice employees (three, if you count the friendly guard dog who lives upstairs), and the pool was DECENT. But there were black hairs on our bathroom floor, USED/empty shampoo and lotion bottles, and I wanted to shower from just sitting on the bed. DONT DO IT! Gross and scary!
1	Dumpy. Thats the first word that came to mind. I booked this place to surprise my bf for a weekend getaway.  THANK GOD it was only for one night. Check out the pictures I posted.  No lie, this was NOT worth $130!!
1	we just went there to stay last night and when we checked in the hotel was under construction. It was a mess and we ended up leaving to stay somewhere else.
1	Do not stay at this hotel! The only lights that worked in our room was one in the bathroom  and a really dim one next to our bed,  we had no remote and the place smelled like old smoke and it was dirty.  They advertise that it's remodeled, ugh, the show you nice pictures on their website but rooms are nothing like that!  They charged me for  my room, they charged me a service fee and then looked and they charged me for 83.50 for I don't know what, then had the nerve to tell my husband if we paid a additional 11.00 we could get our money reversed faster!  Terrible hotel!!!!!Would of rather slept in my car!
2	So.. I won't repeat the rest of the reviews on here. Take it from me its all the same. Full disclosure: I did actually stay here for close to a month on and off so that says something to their credit. Anyway straight up, if you can get this place on the cheap and need a place to crash its ok. It is what it is. Its a thrice renovated Days Inn next to the gay bars in central Phoenix. If you go there with that expectation anything past that might pleasantly surprise you. When I actually saw the place and compared it to the picture I had a new appreciation for the photoshop skills of the web guy, just sayin... The room was clean enough ( except I found remnants of "adult toys" under the bed, yuck) and the water is hot. I was there to sleep and it fit the bill good enough.The hall ways have that old Days Inn smell from millions of drug fueled parties from back when you could smoke in hotels rooms, and a lot of the clients seems to be there to sleep off a bender that lasted a few days as they walked back to the bus station but it was quiet and the air conditioner worked well. They charged $59 a night due to the construction and I would say that it was a deal when you factor in the included health club membership across the street and continental breakfast in the morning. News flash... they are calling it hotel 502 now and seem to be gutting the rooms.  It looks like a complete renovation so who knows maybe they are going to correct the sins of the past?Last thing: The room pricing seems to be negotiable as quoted me a range of prices and occasionally they tried to adjust the price and I talked them out of it, so you might wanna get your bargaining hat out.
1	My husband and I were looking for a nice (3 star) hotel to stay at while visiting The Valley... when we pulled up we both looked at each other worried, because it (Hotel 502) looked like a converted insane asylum. There was a big banner on the side of the building saying: Newly renovated. So, we were like, "Okay, don't judge a book by its cover... the last thing they would finish would be the outside". Inside the lobby was okay-- they tried to make it look modern, so we were hopeful. They charged us a 'resort' fee-- again, we were just wanting to get into our room so we didn't really think twice of it. The elevators were scary-- paintings drilled into the walls, super slow, etc... The hallways smelt like burnt rubber. We entered the room and it was terrible! Nothing like the pictures advertised! I was so upset (my husband and I just got married last weekend, but our wedding night was cut short because he is in the Military and had to get back to TX... so we were hoping this weekend would make up for it)! The carpet was torn up. There was scuffs all over the walls. They had shifted the wall light fixtures over, but they didn't even try and cover up their mess. The mattress was on just a bed frame (no bed skirt even hiding the mattress). The T.V. was a tube. There was yellow stains in the bathtub. It was horrid! My husband talked to the front desk and they explained that the pictures that were advertised were their deluxe rooms and we paid for a standard. Luckily, he said he'd refund us our money if Expedia gave us the OK (which they did and booked at a much nicer place). We grabbed our stuff and left as fast as we could. Did I mention that there was a half filled used water bottle just chilling on the desk? If they just leave used things laying around imagine what else they didn't clean. Gross. Gross. Gross!
1	What a mess of a hotel. General Manager Jim is a joke. I had a horrible stay here. The rooms are nasty and I was in a new one. So, they say! I called and left 4 messages for manager GM to call me and never did. Hotel told me they were not charging me and still did. Filed BBB complaint didn't respond (They have a F rating with bbb.  I called and asked if they had an owner or corporate office I could speak too and they said No the owner lives in New Zealand. What a load of ... Finally, had to call bank and have them stop payment.
1	So, I stop by this hotels to speak to Jim. I was told after 30 minutes of waiting Jim must have left they will leave a message, Clearly I have been waiting. for months. I'm done here and any self respecting should be. Hotel is gross and nasty! Lies to customers! Compketly awful.
1	Very unhappy with my stay here. I felt deceived because the pictures online are nothing compared to the real thing. We arrived at 11pm Friday and the outside looked so rundown my husband was like this looks ghetto. I know they are remodeling and stuff but it should not be available to stay until they are done. The bathroom was clean but it looked like the ceiling was gonna fall. It was just not what I expected. I would have checked out after the first night but what I had already paid was non refundable. Never again!!! Way to ruin my romantic getaway.
1	So, since my review I have yet to receive a follow up from the business I have filed an attorney general's complaint due to how I was treated and lied to and condition of hotel. I'm assuming I will receive a response from that complaint although I can't be certain sense the company didn't respond to better business complaint.  all in all I would avoid this place at all cost!  They treat customers awful and the hotel isn't in a condition it should be open.
