5	I have been cautious of Banfield for a long time, but Dr. Blackman at the 90th and Shea location completely put me at ease.  She does everything she can and is truly concerned for the well being of your pet.  She asks the right questions and actually tells you what she would do if her patient were her own pet. She is my veterinarian for life!!!
5	I also have been cautious of banfield but since I've been going to the 90th st and shea location, me and my doggies have never been happier. The entire staff is super friendly, Dr Blackman is the most caring and wonderful vet I've ever encountered, she could even handle my old dog Mo when every other vet clinic told me he was a bad dog and to never bring him back. I love them and will always bring my dogs there :)
1	They are never on time. I will wait an hour after my apt time just to see the vet. Ridiculous.
2	Nice people but they are so slow and will have you sitting in rooms for an hour and think it's perfectly reasonable!
2	This is supposed to provide veterinary services and they do have professionals on the premises. A few years ago this store did help us with a dog having problems. Today they weren't doing so well. We needed a prescription from our Oregon vet filled. My wife called three times to confirm it could  be done and get a fax number. Our vet faxed it. We then visited a crowded, hectic waiting room and after 15 minutes found they don't fill prescriptions. I understand licensing though I don't understand why they don't have a license to sell dog medicine. My problem is that they didn't tell us they couldn't until we had considerable time invested. It didn't help that there was no acceptance of responsibility.
2	This place is worthless if you need immediate care during the day!!! My kitty has chronic UTIs that can lead to severe and life threatening blockages. On several occasions they have done little or nothing to accommodate him during such instances....stating that they are booked and that I should visit an emergency vet. Well then why am I paying you monthly if you can never see my pet when he needs to be seen? I was told "you do know this is a wellness clinic?" So, apparently sick pets are not a priority for them. The Desert Ridge location is FAR better about getting him in...even when they are full, they squeeze him in between patients. It is a shame, because I really like Dr. Cherico. Furthermore, the techs are not very skilled in handling feisty pets. My other cat does not like coming to the vet, at all, and often becomes very agitated. One instance the techs left me in the room for 20 minutes to try and get my hissing, spitting, and scratching cat in her crate by myself. During a subsequent teeth cleaning she was allowed to scratch herself in her own eye leading to an eye infection that became an ear infection as well. It was awful. I do not recommend the 90th location at all!!!
4	I think the animal care at Bansfield Animal Hospital is excellent. My Malteepoo was due for all her shots. I decided to give Bansfield a try. I was very impressed with the attention we received from Dr. Cherico. She was very thorough and answered all my questions about Chelsea's health. She recommended that Chelsea have her teeth cleaned. I knew that Chelsea needed this done and had researched anesthesia and non-anesthesia dental cleaning online. I decided to go forward with the anesthesia after reading negative information about the non-anesthesia. Chelsea had the procedure done last Sunday by Dr. Cherico and had no problems. Her pearly whites are whiter than mine. She hacked a little bit that night from the trachea tube but was running around as usual. The best thing about Bansfield is there insurance plan. I signed Chelsea up for the Special Care plan due to her age. The vaccinations and teeth cleaning was covered. I have already saved! Anyone who has researched prices on teeth cleaning know how expensive that can be. All her tests were covered. I saw where alot folks complained about waiting. We had no problem getting in on time.I also want to give a shout out to the two techs who have assisted me while I there, Haley and Judy. Very knowledgeable and caring ladies.
