5	Awesome gromers. I have an akita mix, and a pitbull. They love going. Kim is really great with my pit. My Akita gets excited going everyweek. THE BEST IN TOWN!!!!!!!!
5	Awesome shop, cleanest in town and I've been to plenty. I love this place and so do my neighbors. They are caring, very clean, and attentive. Kim is the best. I woulndnt trust my little baby to anyone else.
4	My husband took our girls here the first time and I was a little skeptical because of their name,  "don't judge a book by its cover."  I think they do a great job.  The girls are always well groomed and have never had cuts on them.  The staff is always smiling and friendly, prices are reasonable too.I only wish they had a play area for the dogs to run around in cause sometimes they wait a while to get groomed.
5	After the last of our 4 dogs died last year we decided to get some rescue dogs from the SPCA.   We adopted a 10 year old cocker spaniel and a 6 year  mixed breed  (definitely part poodle) who had obviouisly been physically abused..  They shaved the cocker spaniel very close as we don't like the traditional cocker look and they have never left a single cut on her.  We explained that our poodle mix is very fearful because of past abuse and the owner did him personally.  He looked lovely when she had finished.  They always do a lovely job, they are so much cheaper than many other places and our dogs don't seem stressed when they leave there.
5	I took my dog Gizmo to get groomed here because of the reviews I read. The other places I've been to I didn't like the way they cut my dogs hair or either they would cut his nails too short which made him bleed one time. I called to make an appointment for Gizmo and I was glad they had an opening to take him in since he was in need of a hair cut. The staff was really nice and helpful because I wanted to get my dog a mohawk and they did as I asked. I made sure his nails were perfectly cut since the previous place I went to didn't do a good job. They did exactly what I wanted to be done with Gizmo. I will definitely be taking him to this place again.
5	They do a great job grooming. ( i'm not terribly particular tho, so I might not be the best judge as far as that goes.)  I can't imagine ever complaining about a dog haircut, I guess unless I had to pay for something that looked like my 2 year old went at it with a pair of scissors or something.  But regardless, our dogs always look and smell lovely when we pick them up. The main reason I give 5 stars is because our 2 dogs are complete assholes when they are being groomed.  And they are big dogs.  Growl-y and grumpy and difficult.    And they've behaved the same way at 2 other places we've tried, so I know it isn't because of the groomers themselves, or anything they are doing wrong.  I always apologize ahead of time when I drop them off there, I do feel bad!  And they are perfectly pleasant and nice about it, and always get the job done somehow!  The owner suggested bringing them in seperately, which I had never even thought of, but makes sense. That way they dont get each other all worked up, you know how dogs do.  If one gets excited, the other one will get all worked up too, and not even know why!   Should have figured that out on my own from watching the Dog Whisperer   Lol.    And she was right, it does make a big difference. Was much easier for the groomers last time, when I took the dogs on different days.  They are always kind and have very laid back attitudes as far as 'difficult clients' go, and I am grateful for it.  They always make me feel a little less embarassed for my misbehaved mutts!
5	My Aussie loves this place and they do a great job.  He always looks and smells fabulous.  But best of all this is the only place my pup does not get upset or nervous when he's there, everywhere else we have taken him he gets all nervous.  When I pick him up at Doggie Stylz he's relaxed and beautiful.  These guys are great.  Thanks, Bobbi and Milo
3	Great groomer for our little guy, but our favorite groomer left. so did we.   They were 5 star before the groomer we loved left.  She was really good, but I am sure they replaced her with someone you can count on, give em a try, we moved on, unfortunately.   We are picky due to our dog being so cute and small, 3lb yorkie, so we need a full pro on him, not just anyone that cuts dogs hair.   Our experience, should not stop you from trying them.   They were always very nice and helpful.
5	Yogi is a 5 year old Welsh Terrier who has been to several groomers in the Centennial Hills area.  Feedback from each groomer is that he is difficult, due to his allergies and skin sensitivity.  Otherwise he is a very sweet boy.  I was looking for a groomer who would treat Yogi firmly and fairly and get the job done.  After taking him to Doggie Stylz a few times, my husband and I agree that Kim (the owner) at Doggie Stylz is the right fit for Yogi.  We leave him feeling confident that he will be treated well and look great.
2	I'm giving them 2 stars only because my dog was clean. I had a really bad experience here. One of the ladies was completely rude to me and seemed to have no patience for my German shepherd. I could tell she just wanted me to take my dog and leave. I was not greeted or told good bye or thank you or anything. She told me I had an aggressive dog... When I dont. I know a lot of dog owners say that but my dog literally licks every dog and person. She has a bark sometimes but that's any dog. She never shows teeth or aggressiveness. Not happy with this place at all
4	I bring my poodles to this groomer and they love it.  Now we just adopted a toy chihuahua and I know she'll like the groomers too.
