4	Well, I've had nothing but great customer service with DirecTV.  Everytime  I've called its been english speaking reps located in South Dakota.  I honestly have no complaints plus they blow TWC out of the water.
1	Worst experencw of my life. Want to be lyed to sign up with direct tv
1	worst customer service ive ever experienced! I joined directv because I was threw with time warner cable. I explained to directv that I as moving in 4 months and asked if it would be a charge to transfer my dish to my new address. I was assured online that this would not be an issue, well its moving time and  my wife has been on the phone for the past hour discussing this with a representative that all they know how to do is apologies and do nothing. I WAS LIED TO! Im not very happy with my service so far. I DO NOT recommend Directv to anyone.
4	I've been a customer for 8 years and they have been very fair in my dealings. Even getting all rwxwiver fees waived. My only complaint is the HD foes out when it rains heavy
4	I've had DirectTV for about five years or so.  They have been great.  When we had a box go out they overtightened me a new one with no questions asked.  I have the protection plan and it is definitely worth it.  The technicians have always been clean and professional.  I moved and had to take DirectTV with me.  Would not trade it for any of the other options out there.Only complaint is that they don't carry TheBlazeTv.  Hopefully they stop giving in to the politics soon and decide to add this to their channels.Overall I have been extremely pleased with DirectTV and would recommend it.
1	I really wish TV/internet companies would just give you a flat rate and not change it after so many months or years. I got one of their packages thinking I was getting Genie free. But my internet was not installed and told I could connect Genie myself. However when tried to do it a month later, found I needed another piece of equipment for $25.00. So I just cancelled. Have never found a company I like and was hoping they would be different. The guy, Craig who installed the dish was helpful. But about all I can say good.
1	Currently it is raining. Everytime it does rain I lose the connection. I pay over a 100.00 for this service and it really does not deliver. I am  going to obtain a digital antenae. I can't believe they actually charge people for this poor service. A set of rabbit ears with aluminum foil would work better than this piece of crap.Do not consider buying this....'b
