5	I really am thrilled with the beautiful job done on my mangy old carpet. Guess what  it's not mangy anymore!  With an active family and a big dog we get alot of dirt and "stuff" in our carpet. I am not proud of it but I give you the truth.Epic carpet cleaning has been a lifesaver. My carpets looks super everytime. I have had them out twice in the last year and I will have them out again around the holidays.  The cost is low so I  don't mind having them out a couple times a year.He also cleaned my mom's carpet and tile beautifully.They look brand new.   I also have had several friends use them as well and were very pleased. The    price is  very reasonable and he can give you an estimate without hassle.
5	Still loving Epic , for the price and quality I am going  to have them out more often!! They rock!
5	Wow  what more can you ask for ?Great prices, fast  ,easy realistic times to come out and they work weekends... WOW!  I am still amazed at the fabulous job they do .My kids watched the dirt come out and said wow they really are EPIC!
5	On time, uber-professional, and very thorough - the communication (scheduling and confirmation) was easy.  Brett was a total pro - got a few stains out that were pretty nasty.  My carpets look like new... really really nice work.  I will definitely call back for my tile cleaning and future carpet cleaning.  Great commitment to customer service and very reasonable prices for the quality/thoroughness of the cleaning, thank you!!
5	Once again , my life is fresh and new All because we had the carpets cleaned. I love Brett!! He makes appts. on short notice , shows up on time ,gets the work done and as the little midget lady said in Poltergeist "this house is clean".
5	The carpets in my house have been in dire need of cleaning. After seeing Deb's review of Epic I figured they must be good. My husband gave them a call and they were able to work with our schedule. I loved how prompt they were to return a call and make an appointment. I was amazed how clean the carpet was after the cleaning. You never would have known how dirty they were before. Epic does an awesome job at an affordable price. They are prompt and friendly. I will definitley use them again.
5	Always professional , always a great job!  The cost is reasonable too!! I have never been disappointed with their work.
5	After dogsitting at our place for two friends' pups, we were definitely in need of carpet cleaning if you get my drift.  Last year we had mistakenly used one of those companies that mails coupons all the time claiming low prices and ended up having to bargain our way out of a ridiculously higher price once they arrived.  We weren't going that route again!  After speaking with Brett at Epic, I was very pleased with the estimate he gave which ended up being the price we paid - go figure!  They day of our service we were even more impressed with the heavy duty, top of the line equipment that Epic uses and the light citrus scent of the products was leaps and bounds better than the chemical/wet carpet smell so many other companies leave behind.  Our carpets dried quite quickly and all of the ugly stains were sucked away!  I would definitely recommend Epic for affordable, high quality carpet cleaning!
5	I called epic based on yelp reviews--Service was terrific and my carpets look wonderful--going to call them again soon to clean my tile and seal it.  If you want a really professional job and have carpets  that look new again --call them.
5	Had EPIC back to clean my rough ceramic tile--they did a fabulous job and the tile looks like new.
5	As a Phoenix Real Estate agent I see some pretty well used carpets in my line of work and I use Epic Carpet Cleaning on every house that I need them on. Talk about taking a carpet that you don't think can be saved and they do just that, restoring it to almost what it was brand new. You can't save them all but these guys do their very best to do so, and I thank them for it!
5	Epic did it again  !!!   In the words of the little  midget lady on Poltergiest ..." this house is clean" !
5	-Reasonable, Professional, and Friendly!-Flexible appt schedule.-Carpets and tile were cleaned with great care and looked great!-BONUS: The two-guys were good-looking too - I would call Epic/Brett again. ;)
5	Excellent work.  My house doesn't smell like dog pee any more.  Huzzah!
5	Epic is as good as it gets!  We had them clean the tile in our new home and they did an amazing job.  They turned grout that had been stained black, from years of dirty shoes, back into a natural sandstone colorant.  Next time we have our carpets cleaned we will definitely choose Epic.
5	Epic came through in a crunch! Our dogs decided not to use the doggie door when we were gone and the house sitter failed to notice. Waalaaa... a room full of dog Business! Since this was our daughters room, it had to be taken care of immediately. Epic showed up the next day, on time (actually ahead of schedule a few minutes) and did a fantastic job cleaning and deodorizing. I will use them again!
5	I just used Epic to clean several rooms in my home as well as 2 sofas.  They were fantastic!  The workers were professional and they made sure I got an exact quote before they started cleaning, so I didn't have any surprises.  The carpets turned out great, as did the sofas.  I would definitely use this company again!
5	They did an amazing job with my tile.  Very professional and affordable!  Brett even called to make sure it went well 2 days after.  Will definitely be using them again!
5	I was at my mom's house this morning moving furniture for her because she had Epic coming to clean her carpets. She had an issue with another company calling her back, so she found these guys on Yelp, called, and scheduled an appointment for them to come out. They were on time, both guys were professional, introduced themselves, and were friendly. They did an awesome job in cleaning the carpets throughout the house and really putting in the effort to get a particular stain out. We were both impressed w/ the service!
5	We had been given a major deadline by our realtor to get our carpets cleaned within 3 days so our house could be shown.  I called Epic and Brett got me in within 24 hours.  Philip was courteous, Brett kept me updated as to when they would arrive, and overall was a fantastic experience.  The quote that I received over the phone was the price I paid - I wasn't pressured to add any additional services and there were no hidden charges.  He moved furniture, got out some pesky stains and was a very nice guy in general.  The price was pretty good too as far as I'm concerned.I would highly recommend using Epic and I know we most certainly will in the future!
5	Just a quick note to tell you how much I appreciated you and your team.  They did a great job, were happy, professional, and made every effort to perform an excellent service.  In this day and age it's hard to come by, I'm glad I found you.  Thanks again!Andy Tobias
5	My husband and I just hired Epic Carpet to clean our 1200 sq. ft. condo that we'll be renting out soon and are very happy with the results. I spoke with Brett (who manages Epic) and he was very professional on the phone and I felt confident in his business. My husband said that the technician who came and actually cleaned the carpets was also very professional and his price was about $20 lower than what was quoted over the phone. Bonus!! Brett even called us after the cleaning to ensure that we were happy. I would definitely recommend this company!
5	Brett and the rest of the staff did a great job on my carpet!  I had a terribly dirty carpet that had lots of wear from 2 years of apartment living.  I was moving out of my apartment and needed my carpet cleaned within a weeks time.Epic Carpet was one of the few places willing to schedule me a time on such short notice.  In addition, their estimate was fair and very easy!Overall it was a great experience and the carpet came out even better than expected.  After receiving a follow-up call today from Brett to make sure my carpet was cleaned to my satisfaction I knew Epic Carpet deserved 5 stars and the honor of my first yelp review.  Well done!
5	I am so glad I found Epic Carpet. My carpets were filthy... I had stains I couldn't even remember from what. I also had a carpeted stair case that had so much tread on it and stains. Epic got there right on time, as scheduled, set up the areas to clean just like they said...with protectors on corners so nothing got scratched. I really didn't think all the stains would come out from a basic wash... I was worried about being upcharged for special stain removing liquids and charges that other companies bring up AFTER the initial quote they give you. Epic charged me just what they quoted me on the phone, which was very reasonable. I was very pleased with that!! My carpets never looked better, and I will be calling them again to clean my wood floors. Thanks to Brett, the owner, and to Gabriel (I believe) who was the one who got the job done. And Brett also called, as promised, to follow up and make sure I was satisfied. Thanks again!!
4	Called Epic on a Monday and was able to get an appointment on Thursday, which was awesome. Some of the things we really liked:1) Fast - it only took them about an hour to clean 5 medium-sized rooms, and they arrived within the time frame they said they would.2) No up-selling - woo!3) They were able to get us an appointment quickly.The bad?1) Brent said that if we paid in cash, we would get a Yelp discount of 5%. Well, we had cash, and our price came to $164 with the discount. However, we gave them $180 and they DIDN'T have change... so we basically paid the regular price. We had told Brent in advance that we would be paying in cash, and how do you not have any change? Granted, it wasn't Brent who was there, but still... a little shady. I guess the guys got a good tip...2) The guys didn't have any coasters because some old person before us made the poor kids move his ENTIRE house... and put it back, with coasters. So by the time the guys got to our house, they weren't able to put back our furniture because they didn't have any coasters.Not to mention, my boyfriend had moved literally all of our furniture into the garage, so the guys didn't have to do any work moving anything (well, they and my boyfriend moved one couch that was in the way... one... couch.) Soooo I understand we tip, but I think the not having cash and having to tip more than we would have was a little unfair.HOWEVER, we would and will definitely use Epic Carpet again because Epic is professional and doesn't hassle you. Not getting hassled by scammy companies is totally worth it to me, so thank you, Epic!
5	Just got a letter from the Epic owner, Brent, which was very nice, and rather surprising. How often do you hear from owners of companies?? Brent addressed my concerns (viewable below) AND even sent us a $16 check to make up for our lack of a discount. It's very impressive that a company pays attention to its reviews (Yelp or otherwise) and tries to address those concerns. As I mentioned in my first review below, I would have definitely used Epic in the future, but after Brent's thoughtful and polite letter to us, I plan on using Epic sooner than I planned, and I have gone out of my way to mention this company to co-workers and friends. In fact, people haven't believed me that an OWNER of a company actually apologized, so I have to show them the letter. Excellent customer service!And just to confirm: I honestly did not even have a problem with Epic cleaners when it came to the actual CLEANING. They did an absolutely fantastic job, with no up-sell, and they got the icky pet smell out of our carpet like pros. Epic is the antithesis of a shady company-- Brent truly cares about his customers and, even as a cynical city girl, I really appreciate Brent's dedication to his business and customers. There is absolutely no reason not to use Epic Carpet & Tile Care, and now that you know the owner truly cares about his customers, this should be the ONLY Carpet and Tile Care place you use!
5	I picked this company due to the reviews on Yelp.  I am so glad I did.  From beginning to end, this has been a perfect experience.  The owner took my call initially to make the appointment to clean the carpets in my place.  He made it clear that he would not settle for anything less than complete satisfaction or he would make it right or I would not have to pay.  He also called me several days after the job to check on my satisfaction.  Who does that anymore?The verdict:The employees who came to my home were professional, polite and knowledgable.  My 5-year-old carpeting looks brand new.  They were able to remove stains that 2-3 previous companies were never able to: rust stains, ink stains, grease stains.  By the time they finished, my carpets were like new.I am going to have Elite come back to clean my travertine and sofa in the near future.I would recommend this company to anyone without exception.
5	YEAH FOR EPIC!  I made a last minute appointment before being invaded by my relatives.  Brett was able to squeze me into the schedule.  Fernando came to do the work, was very professional and my carpets look and smell great!  With three dogs and a 1 year old it's not easy to keep things clean.  They were great and I would use them again!
5	Another home run. Will recommend to all. Cleaned my 7 year-old ultra-suede sectional to like new condition.  Always professional, always on time.I am going to have them clean travertine on next visit.
5	What Can i say...Very reasonable priceTechnician and Brett were receptive to special requests.My carpets Look AMAZING.They got out one particular nasty spot that the other guys who cleaned when we moved in barely made a dent to.A++Thanks Guys!
5	Great customer service, awesome prices, and spectacular work! Thank you Brett and your crew!
5	It's all true - they are that good.  In what ways?1.  The technician was courteous and helpful, moving furniture we said he didn't have to move.2.  The work was careful and thorough.3.  He said the carpet would be ready to walk on in 6 to 8 hours, and it actually was.4.  The results were perfect, even on a couple of areas we had given up on.5.  The price was only about 10% more expensive than the cheapie ("three rooms and a dog loft for $99") quotes.Nope - I am not a friend or relative and they didn't ask me to leave a review.
5	I don't think I wrote a review last time, so here I am! I've had Epic come out and clean our carpets twice now, once last month (March) and the first time was back in September. GREAT job! I love that the technicians are so helpful and friendly. Definitely makes a difference. And Brent is awesome as well! I highly HIGHLY recommend Epic Carpet and Tile Care for all your cleaning needs. They don't try to upsell you any products or services, they are fast, efficient, helpful, friendly, and just all-around great :)
5	I found Epic through Yelp.  Once again Yelpers led me to the right guy.Brent and his guys treated us wonderfully and did a fantastic job.I have to note that they were very honest with me.  The gave an estimate over the phone, but when they go to the house, measured carefully each room, saw the state of the tiles, they revised their estimate and even had me skip the grout sealing.  They could have easily added it in and I would have not been much the wiser.  They dealt more than fairly with me, were very polite and attentive and I will use them again.In my eyes, this is what American small business entrepreneurs should be about.  A honest, friendly, hard working service.
5	Great job!  Just got my carpets cleaned and Gabriel did a great job. I highly recommend this company. We recently moved from Texas not knowing any recommendations from anyone. We went on Yelp and found this company. Glad we did.
5	Great service and a great job.  I agree with all the other 5 stars above.  Actual cost came in less than phone estimate.  Gabriel moved like lightening and was very polite and explained what he was doing.  Will use them next time.
5	Very friendly and professional!  GREAT prices and a job well done!
5	I love yelp and again it  has led me to another great small business.  Had Gabriel who is the lead tech for Epic come out twice now to clean both carpet and flagstone in a 4500 sq ft home. He was very thorough and professional. Great job and will call again.
3	Not an epic failure but far from an epic win. Perhaps the glowing reviews made my expectations too high for this company. Then again, I'm questioning whether I received the same epic experience. The appointment setting and confirmation went smoothly. The gentleman who showed up was professional and extremely friendly. I even commented on how cleaning tile at 7pm must be a long day for him, but he didn't complain once and actually expressed his enjoyment for keeping busy at work! Sadly, my praise stops there. Admittedly, the tile in my new rental was disgusting -- the landlord couldn't even recall the original grout color! I knew I'd likely be paying the high end of the quote for cleaning per square footage. Much like at the car wash when you pay for the upgraded wash to rid all the dirt from your extra dirty car, I thought the same would hold true here. No. While my tiles are cleaner, they aren't perfect. Every few tiles still has the original dirt in the grout making it stand out even more now. I'm left feeling as though I need to have ANOTHER good cleaning to achieve a truly clean floor. That's just not right. You pay for the service once and should reasonably be able to expect you will get what you paid for. The extra money put forth for extra grout cleaning power failed. Be weary, especially when the company doesn't follow up to see if you are satisfied with their service. Wishing I had used the groupon deal that was less than half the price -- even if I would have received the same results at least I didn't clean out my pockets trying to achieve greater.
5	Home run. Again.  Carpets cleaned perfectly.
4	After reading my review the owner contacted me to discuss my dissatisfaction. It was apparent he cares deeply about his business and reputation. He apologized for not following up after my appointment - standard protocol. He also offered to rectify the problem and scheduled an appointment the next evening. From the start this company has provided top notch customer service so that was never my concern. Righting a wrong speaks for itself. Support the little fish in the pond.
5	Another yelp treasure. How else could I have known about this great company? Brent was great, helped schedule a quick appointment. Tile and carpet needed to be cleaned for sale of my home. Great job. They did come back once for a touchup but it was painless and very much appreciated. I would recommend them in a second.
4	9/14/13**Like most carpet cleaners, Epic Carpet and Tile Care charge per room-not per square foot.  If you have a house like mine and you need couple of tiny rooms cleaned they charge you the full price of a room.  I spoke with 2 different people and neither one cared to hear the square footage.  I have 500 square feet in 3 areas- 300 sq feet-125 sq feet -75 sq feet.  Even though they'll do 600 sq feet for the price of 3 rooms if one of those rooms is larger than 200 sq feet than they charge you AN ENTIRE ROOM for the extra area.  Even though one room is tiny.I understand this is common with carpet cleaning and companies will say it's to keep a structured plan- or to have the same rules for each house-or some other excuse.  The truth is it helps them charge more.  If they charged per square foot they would make less money.  Epic Carpet is not different from any other carpet company and I will not use them until they have fair pricing system.11/2/13**After writing this review the owner called and said he was sorry for the answering service he was using.  He said he was chaining his phone call answering because of this and other issues.  He said he would be happy to review the rooms and give a fair price.  The owner seems sincere and concerned about his company.  I felt they gave me good service at a fair price.  We may use them again.
5	Epic was FANTASTIC! Called and left a message for a quote and they got back to  me shortly after. Quoted an affordable price for a small apartment with a tough pet urine odor and was scheduled within a few days.  I expected to have some time to move my furniture out of the way that afternoon but Gabe arrived early and was awesome enough to move everything himself! I was at work so he texted me and let me know he was there and kept me updated all during the process which I really liked!   The whole process took about an hour and though they had mentioned it may be an increased price due to the tough pet odor when I got home and looked at the invoice it was the same amount they'd quoted me initially. Awesome!  What's better is they called me a few days later to be sure I was completely satisfied! I clean my carpet a few times a year and from now on I'm only using Epic!   The pet urine odor had been tackled by multiple companies in the past but never with such success. A great company with great employees. I would recommend to anyone and everyone. Thank you for everything Epic!
5	Outstanding service, well priced, great follow up. Brett is helpful and follows up, and Mike did a great job cleaning my grout....even a follow up visit to fix a few small spots.
5	We had previously had our carpets cleaned through a Groupon with another carpet cleaning company who had seemingly great Yelp reviews, and we were quite disappointed with that company.  The time came to get our carpets cleaned again, and I was NOT going to use that same company.  Yelp led us to Epic, and Epic met all our expectations and then some.  We fully expected to pay for 4 rooms of carpet cleaning (no Groupon this time), and when Mike arrived (right on time, unlike the former company), he inspected the rooms, and because our 2nd and 3rd bedrooms were not as large as the other two, he told us they would count as one combined room.  Mike spent almost 2 hrs cleaning the rooms, double the time of the last company.  The carpets were near-new again, and our house smells wonderful!  The price was reasonable...$115.  We already plan to call Epic back to do our ceramic tile floors, and they will be our go-to company in the future as well.
5	Epic did our carpets last year. It was a great experience. The owner reached out to me directly. I will be using them again this year very soon.
5	Had both a rental and girlfriend place cleaned with epic. Amazing company. Great work timely and well priced. Even came back for spot treatments. Can't recommend them enough. About to call them again to do my primary residence.
5	We just had our carpets cleaned by EPIC and they are GREAT! Our tech, Mike, was very courteous and professional. We had tough carpet stains and everything looks new. I cannot recommend this company enough; we are sold and will always use their services!!
5	I started the process to find a carpet cleaning service by asking friends.  None of my friends were really happy with the last place they tried so I hit Yelp and called 4 or 5 places.  I selected Epic based on the reviews I read and their professionalism when I called.  i ended up booking them to do my carpets and my couches.  When the guy arrived (on time), he cleaned the carpets and they looked terrific.  He then went and looked at my couches very carefully and advised me that the labels said that it needed to be dry cleaned.  He discussed the situation with me and I decided to wait.  They had another worker who specialized in dry cleaning the couches and I scheduled him for 2 days later.  When he arrived, he read the label and checked the fabric and explained the differences in the two procedures.  I decided to go ahead and steam clean them and they looked amazing when he finished and dried beautifully.  I appreciated how careful both technicians were and that they cared that I was happy with their work.  Also, I received followup calls after both services to make sure that I was happy with the service.  I will definitely use this company again and have already recommended them to others.
4	Called Brent when we moved into our new house June 2013.  A year later and the tile is still in great shape.  Had a small issue with grout around one tile.  He sent his tech immediately to resolve it.  Great service and nice guys.
5	We needed someone to clean the stairs in a condo. The technician was on-time and super polite. The work turned out perfect. I highly recommend if you are looking for a company in Glendale, AZ!
5	Very professional.  Very prompt.  Very respectful.  Phone quote was higher than actual amount paid.  Great company to go with for carpet cleaning.  You will not be disapppointed.
4	Great job cleaning my carpet today. I had some thought stains and dirty carpet  but you managed to get it clean
5	I got both my homes cleaned from them and experienced exceptional service. Mike who cleaned both my homes was very good, professional and friendly. He did an excellent job. I would highly recommend them.
5	Gabriel (?) was on time, assessed my tile that I needed cleaned & went to work. (He's very quiet.) I just bought this house, so living with someone else's "yuck" wasn't too appealing to me. But now my tile looks so much better & even feels better, like shiny & slippery. He used the wall guards to protect my freshly painted walls & left me booties :) I'd use them again...
5	Since we moved to our apartment, stains have been coming up from the previous tenants.  I feel this is because the apartment complex used a cheap carpet cleaner.  Epic was prompt, professional and reasonably priced.  Quoted me $80-$100, but when they got there, they only charged me $75.00.  Set up with Brett yesterday, and they came out today.  Thank you Brent, we will be using you again.  Also, Brett told me if any stains come up after they clean they will come back and get them out.
5	I had Epic come in to clean carpets in three rooms as well as three area rugs.Two of the rooms in particular were stained and had an odor from several pet accidents.The technician arrived as scheduled, surveyed the situation and went to work. He was fast, polite, and thorough. Unfortunately, when the carpets dried, I was still able to smell urine in the two rooms and could still see a faint stain in one of them. Gabriel the technician came back the following day and redid those two rooms. Apparently, our dog had "accidents" in those spots more than once, and even after the second treatment I was still able to smell urine and see the stain.Gabriel came back again the following day, and this time injected an odor neutralizer into the pad. That did the trick for any odors. Unfortunately the carpet is still stained and we can't fix that. That's no fault of Epic's, though. It's the consequence of cheap carpet and a poorly trained dog.Eric at the Epic office was great to deal with and I appreciated the call backs to check on how things were going.I highly recommend Epic Carpet & Tile Care. Excellent service and price.
5	You cannot go wrong using this company. Thank you for a job well done.  Now we can start decorating for the holidays!
4	I didn't had to look too much for a cleaning company. They came, they cleaned and I can declare myself a happy customer. You can count on them to get the job done. They could answer the phone a little faster though.
5	Recently put my place on the market and needed to get the carpets cleaned quickly for an open house.  Found Epic Carpet & Tile Care on Yelp and what a find!  I called and they fit me into their schedule a day later.  WOW!  I was impressed.  Not only that but they showed up on time and did the work quickly, efficiently and the carpets looked amazing.  Best part was the amount they quoted me over the phone was exactly the price I paid.  No extra charges, special changes or any surprises.  Highly recommend!
