5	After emailing 4 local companies for quotes and not hearing back from ANY, I resorted to this mall store. And I'm so glad I did. I guess the other companies didn't want to be bothered with my one T-shirt order, but the T-shirt diner was more than happy for the business. Unfortunately I didn't catch the guys name (skinny with glasses), but he was awesome in every way. Friendly, helpful, and he quickly photoshopped my graphic to be exactly how I wanted it. It was about $25 for the finished shirt and totally worth it. Pricing is comparable to other websites, and you only wait 5 minutes instead of 5-12 business days. I'll definitely use them again.
4	I have never had a t-shirt made before so I didn't know what to expect. We immediately gravitated towards the wall of images and slogans to choose from like Donkey Punch Champion and Ninja, please. Hilarious. But I was on a mission for a specific band shirt from the 80's I haven't been able to find. Frankie Goes To Hollywood. Yes, they are pretty much a one hit wonder.In walks the T-shirt Wizard. This guy is cool, calm and collective and knows how to magically turn your vision into a shirt in t-minus ten minutes. He helped me find the exact image of what I was looking for and even asked details regarding letter sizes, style and offered his expert advice. He pointed me to the t-shirts I could choose from. I expected them to be some cheap, itchy overpriced poor quality shit I would never want to wear again. Wrong! Straight up fitted American Apparel t-shirts in several colors, sizes to choose from! Totally winning.While waiting for my shirt to be printed I looked all around and noticed they have trucker hats, baseball tees and dog shirts:) The Wizard said you can even bring in your own shirts. Awesome. Prestige Worldwide will be my next order. Put on your life vest and let's drop anchor!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8T095mFdW8Overall completely satisfied with my t-shirt making experience. I paid around $25-$30 and will definitely be back to see the Wizard.
4	I have used thie t-shirt diner a few times now and I must say I am a fan.  As a small business owner, I often want to make a few small runs of shirts, etc for my staff or for promotional purposes.  Trying to find a printer can be time consuming and costly, especially for small runs of an item.  Sizing and colors and everything you want to change from one item to the next incurs a large fee with printers.The T-shirt Diner is the easy way to get s few items done quickly and cost effectively.  You can get most things done in the same day, even while you are shopping in the mall.  (come back in an hour and it's done)The last time I used them, there was a small issue with my items not being ready when promised.  I waited a few hours in the mall and they were eventually done.  With the rush of getting them done, I noticed when I got home that there were some defects with some of the vinyl logos they had applied. I took them back a few days later and they appologized and fixed them for me at no extra charge.  This was very nice to see.You can even bring in your own clothing for them to print on!I highly recommend them for your printing needs.
5	I wanted a geekie running shirt for a race I was running on Geek Pride Day (May 25th mark your calendars), but I couldn't find any anywhere. I walked by the store in the Meadows Mall and they had men's tech shirts. I went in to ask about women's ones, and they said they didn't have any, but that I could bring in my own shirt for printing.A week later I hit up Dicks Sporting Goods at the Galleria, got my shirt, and took it down to the T-Shirt Diner. I had expected it to be a bit of a hassle, but they were great. I told them what I wanted on the front of the shirt, and he had me pick a font and color. He even fixed the layout to make certain words standout. I then asked about putting an image on the back. He did a quick google search, grabbed and modified the image, and once again took my idea and made it better. He was very responsive to anything I wanted.Once it was all laid out, I left my shirt and wandered the mall for about 20 minutes as they had other shirts ahead of mine. I came back, and my shirt wasn't done. They were out of the color I picked, but offered me an upgrade to a similar metallic color instead. It worked for me, so less then ten minutes later I was out the door, grinning like a fool, and happy with my new shirt. ~$32 for front and back printing on my own shirt.That weekend I wore it to the Badass Dash obstacle run and it held up great. I was worried the printing would come off as I crawled through the mud and dirt, but it still looks great and has become one of my regular running shirts.I have been suggesting this place to anyone that needs a shirt printed. They know their stuff and can make your ideas into a great design. I'm trying to decide what to get printed next.
4	Have you tried to get a single shirt designed for an event in the past few years? Unless you want to spend the time and energy to make it yourself, there are not many places to go either in town or online that can help you.  I've found my new go-to spot for custom t-shirt design. You start by picking the shirt color, style, and size you want and try it on in the dressing area.  Then you need to tell the employee what you want on you shirt. This is the fun part. DESIGN: Customers can use one of T-Shirt Diner's many logo designs or the employees will help you create a unique message or image for your shirt. I was looking for a design based on an image in the public domain.  I mention that because I am not sure what their restrictions are in using images.  The guy helping us started manipulating the image to make it look just the way we wanted.  He was patient and incredibly helpful.  We added our font, and played with the color in the image. When we hit a creative wall and needed some ideas for the back of the shirt we asked him (and another employee) for their input and they gave us some great ideas. We then got to look at the large screen on the wall and see what the lettering/image/design would look like when it was done. The gentleman helping is used a measuring tape to show us the size of the images on the front and back of our shorts. The employee helping us was very attentive. Unfortunately, when we went to pick up the shirts they had switched up some of the images. We pointed out the error and they made two new shirts for us. PRICE: We spent approximately $50 per shirt.  Our shirts were more expensive because they utilized a variety of colors and the images we selected (front and back) were large.  OVERALL: The shirts were exactly what we were looking for, they looked professional and we received a number of compliments on the design.  The folks at T-Shirt Diner helped us create unique, eye-catching shirts that were perfect for our event. I cannot wait to return.
5	I love the shirts that I had made here for our March of Dimes Family team. I had both front and back done in 4 gillter colors plus a design.  Was it pricy. Yes. But I would pay it all over again as we wear our shirts every year for the walk. ( and they hadn't been done in for years so we where overdo for new ones.) I will be back for any custom shirts in the future.
1	If you do end up going here just know exactly what your wanting and needing, because you will not get suggestions from this staff especially the girl who works on Saturdays very blahhhh,  acted as if I was inconveniencing her by asking questions . RUDE,RUDE,RUDE! She did not want my business at all... They're are a ton of other places in this town for shirts,stickers etc. To have made and they will treat you a thousand times better than how I was treated by alexandra at this store on Saturday .oh and if you call to speak to a manager apparently they're aren't any official managers to make aware of things... what a joke.
5	What a great place! They were really nice and helpful! With their help my twin granddaughters Sweet Sixteen T-Shirts were designed and ready in an hour. Very happy!!
5	The service here was very good.  They help you with suggestions and what I like is you can give them your order and pick it up within the hour.  So you place your order, go shop in the rest of the mall, come back and your order is ready.  They can do hats, sweatshirts, T-shirts.  I brought in several under armor items and they were able to personalize them no problem.  Enjoy.
