3	Prairie Fire is the combo coffee shop / wine bar at Union South. Featuring Peet's products and Wisconsin wines, it's a cute little corner to grab a drink. While giving an unofficial tour of Union South to some alumni, we decided to get drinks to go before heading out. The staff was really friendly and waited patiently while we dawdled and asked questions. One of us decided to get iced coffee, and was pleased to find it was actually pre-chilled and ice-free, keeping it from becoming weak and watered-down. My friend and I went with Frios, their take on a Frappucino.I asked if the Madagascan Vanilla Frio was caffeine-free like its Starbuck's counterpart, and the girl told me it was a coffee drink but that she could make it with decaf. I can't have any caffeine, so I said no thanks, but she then offered to make it with no coffee. Awesome. It was pretty tasty, but the mix was clearly concocted with coffee in mind to balance it out. The other drink was an Oreo Frio, which the girl was quick to point out was a misleading name as it contained no Oreos, but was rather a mix of chocolate and vanilla syrup. When the person ordering responded with "oh," the girl quickly offered to crush up some Oreos and blend it in. He passed, but it was awesome of her to try to make it right/into the drink he expected when ordering something with Oreo in the title. It wouldn't hurt for Prairie Fire to add some descriptions to their signage, but since the staffer was kind in answering our questions and told us upfront what to expect it isn't a necessity.
1	Though its a cute and convenient location, I'll never be visiting this coffee shop again. The cashier, presumably a manager, forgot to give me my change. When I noticed and informed her, she didn't believe me and was rude and very reluctant to give me my money. On top of all that, the coffee was not good and the chai latte I got was downright gross. Will not be returning.
3	This is, first and foremost, a campus cafe. As such, one should not come expecting gourmet coffee and snacks. That being said, compared to other campus offerings, it's really not bad at all. There's a great selection of coffees, which are generally decent or good. The cafe snacks are less reliable and tend to be dry and bland.The ambiance is great. There is a nice little fireplace, a neat old piano (that is occasionally being played), comfy seats, and nice jazz or classical background music. Sometimes the staff is a bit grouchy (it's mostly students, so don't expect warm, happy greetings during finals), but sometimes they're quite friendly and happy to chat. I definitely feel comfortable recommending Prairie Fire to my friends and family.
3	I'm here at least three times a week so I can't really give this anything less than three stars. I don't know very many people who come here for the wine or tapas. I do know during the lunch rush there's a small selection of food items, e.g. juice, soymilk boxes, baked goods, and Badger Market sandwiches in the grab and go area. I recently figured out that they'll do iced coffee in my thermos, which is a relief since it's better than the regular drip coffee. An extra shot of espresso (red eye) will do the trick if ice isn't your thing. Thank the marketing gods for those incentive punch cards.
