5	Walk's in welcome & beautifully decorated!
5	I found this place on Groupon since they were having discounts on their threading services. I came with my boyfriend since he also wanted his eyebrows threaded. We were both walk-ins and welcomed seeing as the place wasn't so busy. There was one lady who came in before us though. There are only two chairs and one technician so the wait was a little while but when my turn came, she was very quick. A little pain comes with threading but she does it quickly and cleanly. We were both pleased with the end result and will be coming back :)
2	I've been here twice and they do a really nice job but unfortunately the last 2 times I've wanted to come here I get here an hour or hour and a half before they are supposed to be officially closed and when I arrived the lights where off and no one was inside or answering the phone ...
1	I'll preface this by saying that I NEVER write reviews; so, the fact that I feel compelled to do so today...should say something. The girl who works here does an awesome job -- she's very meticulous and the end result is great. My star goes directly to her. That said, my biggest pet peeve about this place is that they keep the most random hours! Why bother posting business hours on the door when they are very RARELY adhered to? I've attempted to come here a handful of times, at different times of the day, only to be met with locked doors. They don't even have an answering machine/voicemail! Completely unprofessional and frustrating, to say the least. Not to mention a waste of time/gas! I've tried to look past this before because I actually like the threading results; but, honestly, it's just not worth the trouble anymore. Moving on...
5	Great stylish decor, meticulous work, and great prices!Popped in on a Friday afternoon as a walk in for some brow and lip action $15 totalThe pros:-beautiful, clean, and new interior-very meticulous work, she went back and forth, was frustrated by unevenness of my brows from prior work. Threaded, trimmed, tweezed, and back to threading. In the end, my brows really were perfectThe cons:-not sure this really is one, I expected to get in and out, but she worked so hard to perfect my brows that it took 45 minutes. Prepare to stay a bit longer if you are hairy, like myselfAdded bonus: they have an online loyalty program that you can earn a free threading for every 5. If I still lived in town, I would definitely be back!
