3	I wanted Sweet Republic, the plus one wanted something cheap after all of our baller status meals.... cheeseburger for him...... I got some more of that ice cream hehehe.
1	Eff you McDonalds, eff you! You told me you had "Real Fruit Smoothies" that were blended to perfection and offered at a reasonable price. You drilled that idea in my head for weeks with your incessant advertising on the sides of buses and mile high billboards with pictures of creamy, fruity smoothies that made my mouth salivate instantly. You knew that I loved smoothies so much that I would go to great and dangerous lengths to obtain one of your so called "Real Fruit Smoothies". You knew that even though I loathed you and everything you stand for, that I would risk it all, risk everything to venture into your mustard arches to try one of your smoothies. As soon as I walked in and looked around, I knew immediately that I didn't fit in. I won't get into specifics, but let's just say that many of your patrons have the "I don't have a job and I don't care because I get unemployment checks" look about them. Just sayin'. After I made my way through a throng of screaming kids running around barefoot, I finally made it to the counter. I decided to play it safe and order a strawberry banana smoothie thinking that you couldn't possibly mess that classic flavor up. I wasn't actually able to see you make this "Real Fruit Smoothie", as it was mysteriously whipped up behind the scenes in the back somewhere. I would say that next time I'll pay more attention, but unfortunately for you, there won't be a next time. After I made my way out of that hell hole and into the safety of my car, I took my first sip of your much hyped smoothie. I was instantly disappointed. By the time the liquid mush you call a smoothie hit the back of my throat, I knew that I had been duped. I took one more sip just to make sure that I hadn't missed something the first time, and threw the rest out. McDonald's....come on. You don't make a "Real Fruit Smoothie" by blending up strawberry juice and banana flavored puree with some ice and yogurt and call it a smoothie. You're supposed to use REAL FRUIT! That drink was about as "real" as Joan Rivers face, or Pam Anderson's boobs...you might fool some dumbasses out there, but I think most people would rather pay a few bucks more and get the real deal down the street at Jamba Juice.  I mean, how hard is it to mess up a blended drink? Congratulations McDonald's, you never cease to amaze me....
3	McDonalds.  Hummm...Good food.  Quick in, quick out.  Clean restrooms.  It hasn't changed much since Ray Kroc made the template over 50 years ago.  You may not like that McDonalds exists, but the food is well prepared and they execute on their stated goals.  Sorry, if you wanted your burger animal style -- then go to In-n-Out!
