4	It's a family restaurant...no really. It is! The South Shore doesn't have enough sports bars where you can sit on a Sunday afternoon and watch Nascar or PGA golf while enjoying some wings and beers with your buddies. Thankfully, Hooters can solve that fix for you if you require it.The wings here are great with lots of variety of flavors to choose from. Beer specials on the menu are a common occurrence. Certainly a great place to watch a Habs game!
1	Not only did my boyfriend and I get food poisoning from here once (and know several other people that have too) but the last time we were there, my boyfriend walked by a wall with pictures on it, one of the frames was broken, badly, and he sliced his arm open and bled for an hour. We informed 2 waitresses about the frame, and it was not removed the entire night. Unacceptable and dangerous.
1	I usually love Hooters, good wings, good views, all of the usual reasons to go to Hooters. This particular Hooters sucks though. The fried pickles were extremely salty and the service was slow and they DO NOT take American Express. There is no reason on earth that a major worldwide chain should not take American Express period. Mind you we are in Canada and cards here in general are a pain with the machines but not taking American Express is inexcusable. I'm done and I'll never come to this Hooters again.
2	I like to consider myself a Hooter's Connoisseur. Backstory: I use to go with my dad a lot when I was a kid. I loved the wings, curly fries and the service, obviously. We went to Hooter's in NY, TOR, CO, HI, TN (my favorite one), and possibly others. This Hooter's was the worst by far. The wings were wayyyy smaller than usual and the curly fries were cold (she brought me hot ones when I asked - but still). I hope they fix the wing situation because Hooter's fried chicken wings are my favorite on the planet and the only reason I go.
1	How does this place still exist? Greeted by muscular woman - disgusting chicken wings - horrible microwaved clam chowder and $8 pint of beer. My night only got better when I got out of there.
