4	I'm so happy they put a location in Old Town.  I had been to the location in South Phoenix before and it was awesome as well.  I had the Chopped BBQ which is Turkey, Chicken, and Beef all chopped up and cooked in BBQ sauce.  It was very very tasty.  They gave me two pieces of bread to make a sandwich and with the 1/2lb order I still had more left over.  For my side I got the Texas Cream Corn which I really enjoy.  It has great flavor and is an excellent compliment to the BBQ.  The location has a nice patio for the great weather we are having and you can also sit inside on picnic style tables.
2	Just had lunch here.  The friendly staff is the only reason they get two stars.  Ordered Baby Back Ribs...... weak looking and tasted baked not slowly smoked for hours.  Where is the pink smoke ring????  Felt as if they had been sitting around since last night.  NO MOISTURE left in them at all.  My collegue had the "smoked" chicken and was similar in that it tasted baked and was dry as a bone.  The staff talked us into the "homemade" pecan pie which tasted and looked like it was right out of Quick Trip.  Wont be back..... $37 for lunch for two and I could not have been more dissatisfied.
3	Texas BBQ House is located across from RnR towards the southern end of Old Town where Billet Bar (and something else in between) was originally located.  Parking is plentiful on the street, but I'd be careful of parking in the lot next door.  There's big signs that say "Bucca di beppo will demolish your car if you park it in this lot".Walking towards the restaurant, the outdoor patio is quite small with the ability to sit maybe 24.  There's only 2 umbrellas so watch out for the Scottsdale sun.  The inside definitely had a BBQ house feel to it.   Imagine a really clean Famous Daves.  What I really liked was the front of the restaurant was completely opened to the outdoors.  It let a lot of light and sun shine in.The service was really good.  The employees knowledgeable and helpful on different cuts.  They also didn't scoff at my 12 different questions about the BBQ meats they served.There's free samples of any BBQ you want.  They are sold by the 1/2 lb or any weight you want.  I got the brisket cutters style, cream of corn, and some sweet tea.  They give you a couple slices of white bread to go along with the meal.The sweet tea was probably not helpful to my dental checkup next week, but you kind of have to drink some at a BBQ joint.The cream of corn was delicious.  It was sweet, creamy, but a tad too rich.For the main event, the brisket comes in three different styles: no fat, more fat, and "i'm fat by choice" cuts.  I ordered the more fat cutters style.  It was a little dryer than I wanted it, but it had a great taste to it.  I wish there was more smoke to it.On the downside, there were only 2 BBQ sauces available: spicy and mild.  They both tasted the same to me.  I like it when a place has a dozen different sauces to try out.  The BBQ style is also dry rub which probably led to it being a little dry.Overall, it's a nice place and something Old Town has been needing for a while.  The food didn't blow me away, but if you're craving some BBQ and in the area, then I think you can't go wrong with Texas BBQ House.
5	I've been to the South Phoenix location a few times, and am really happy they opened this new location much closer to home.  I was a little worried that quality might fall off, especially if they're trucking meats between locations, but I was happy to find the quality is the same. The staff is friendly and eager to guide you through the menu.  Being a Texas-style BBQ joint, the star of the show is the brisket. It has a rich, smoky flavor, and the "moist" (i.e. fattier) brisket is a piece of Texas heaven. The other meats are also really good, but you can't come here without having the brisket. The link sausage is really good too, coarsely ground with that rich smoky flavor. Both the original and spicy sauces are very good.  I haven't had any of the ribs, so I can't speak to another reviewer's complaint that they were dry and not flavorful. I'll give them a try and update. Overall, this is definitely worth a visit if you like good, TEXAS-STYLE bbq. If you don't know what Texas BBQ is and you go expecting Carolina, or Memphis, or something like that, you may not like it. But for Texas-style BBQ it is the best in town.  You'll feel like you're at the New Zion Baptist Church BBQ in Huntsville.
3	Friendly service and good prices for downtown Scottsdale but mediocre food puts the kabosh on this place.  Chicken was pretty tasty but the jalapeno sausage was horrible.  Got a free sample of the brisket and while tasty seeing the cook butcher the slab and scraping off the crust was horrific in bbq terms.
3	The good: The creamed corn side.  A. Mazing.  The service...very friendly.The so-so: The brisket that's mixed with sauce was very lacking in flavor.  The sliced brisket was much better, but had lots of fat in it, which I don't like (some may).  There were 2 sauces, didn't really care for either of them, both are pretty spicy (I like spicy, but just FYI for those who don't).  The bad: The bread they serve the meat on is like wonderbread.  I probably will not go back, but 3 of the 4 men (my co-workers) whom I've gone with have all been back multiple times since.  I may, however, pick up a side of the creamed corn to bring to a BBQ at some point!!
5	I'm a Texas girl born and raised and I know good BBQ when I taste it. If you're not a Texan, you may not be aware of how serious BBQ skill claims are. Well, I'll tell you, its' pretty darn serious. So much so, that even though I haven't eaten meat in several years, I did the unthinkable.My husband and I were walking around Old Scottsdale while on a trip from Colorado and saw the Texas BBQ House and decided to have lunch there to see if it lived up to its name. We walked up to the counter where we were greeted with the friendly staff offering samples of any kind of meat on the menu. While normally I would just opt for vegetarian sides, I became so distracted by the divine aroma coming from the pit, that I think it hypnotized me into wanting a sample. Now a good bbq place will always have at least 2 kinds of brisket - lean and moist. They had a 3rd kind which was cutter's choice. My husband sampled the moist brisket and was oohing and awing that it made me want to see for myself so I sampled the lean brisket. And yes, I heard a choir of angels sing as it melted in my mouth. The clouds parted and heaven's light shone upon that delicious piece of brisket. Just the right flavor of smokiness, definitely lean, I'd have to say the best brisket I've had anywhere, that includes the great state of Texas. To my husband's (and my) surprise, I asked for half a pound and began to check for the other Texas obligatory staples that are absolutely necessary. BBQ Sauce - check, they have two - original and spicy, both yummy - though I liked the spicy better. Sliced white bread - check... no nut-covered, artisan bread thank you, just plain, sliced white bread. Potato salad, beans, cole-slaw, creamed corn, check - the creamed corn was the best I've tasted, ever. I can eat an entire soup pot of that. Sweet tea, oh yes. I didn't even have to add more sugar. Fixins - check - which if you don't know, include, pickles, onions and jalepenos. These are a must. AND... the meat and bread was served on butcher paper atop Pepsi crates! Texas BBQ indeed. This is not to say that I am a converted vegetarian and now a meat eater. I've decided that the only time I'll eat meat is the next time I'm in Scottsdale, at Texas BBQ House - which a trip to AZ just for the brisket would totally be worth it.
4	drove past and saw the sign, and after having spent several years in Texas, had to try this place -- and was extremely impressed. I had the moist brisket, and even without sauce, it was awesome. Nice pink smoke ring, moist and tasty. They even had the sides of dill pickles, jalapenos, and onions -- yum!I also had the cole slaw, and it was very good as well.I definitely want to go back and try the hot links and the turkey -- but both my friend and I really enjoyed our first (of many to come) visits.
4	Fast, simple, affordable and a very high quality product to boot. Power to Texas BBQ as old town definitely needs more high-quality food served quickly. I loved my brisket (avoid the lean cut - too dry). The sauce is incredible.
4	FINALLY, More BBQ here in Old Town Scottsdale!Food was great!  They even let you try a sample before ordering.  Staff was 5 Stars!  There is NO wait staff.  You order your food, get your drink, sit down, eat, leave.  Really awesome concept.  You can get in and out at your own pace.  A nice change from most of the restaurants here in old town. I'll definitely be back.
5	Amazing!  Blows Rudys out of the water, hands downOmg! Hands down, the best bbq in AZ.You can sample (they encourage it) before you buy it.  The creamy corn and mac & cheese are pretty much outta the park!  The brisket is mmmmm mmmmm GREAT! (3 cuts to choose from).  Everything is smoked right there, infront of you.
3	At least for this one visit, the Scottsdale location was slightly disappointing compared to the original location in a couple of ways:1.  The prices are slightly higher.  I understand that of course the cost of running an Old Town establishment is higher than running one in some other parts of town.  But It's a little off-putting to use the company website for pricing out an order, then finding out when you get there that the prices on the website reflect prices at the OTHER LOCATION, not THIS location.  Not a huge deal, but it cost me an extra $8 overall.2.  The "lean" brisket was very dry.  Normally, at the original location, the lean brisket was mostly free of fat but had a little moisture to it to save the day.  The batch I got on 5-23-2012 was REALLY dry.  Edible when drenched with the spicy BBQ sauce, but unacceptably dry.So I guess I'll stick with the original location.
5	If you havn't been here yet, YOU ARE SLIPPING UP! Food is excellent. The moist brisket is to die for. Their msides are extremely tasty, includint the slaw, mac n cheese, the potato salad, beans, ALL OF EM ARE GREAT.  The service is great and they give you samples when you walk in!
3	I so wanted to find a killer BBQ place close to home. After reading my fellow yelpers reviews, we tried the Texas BBQ House. Twice.Was I being too picky? Am I expecting too much? Why didn't I love this place? The better question is... Why didn't I even like it?1)  I don't find the flavor of the brisket to be genuinely smoked. Trust me, my neighbor knows how to smoke meats and fish, and his smoked meats blow this place away.2) The brisket was lukewarm, not hot. Twice. 2) It wasn't the experience that you say "OMG, I LOVE this". It was just okay.3) Parking is a pain in the ass unless you're coming south on Scottsdale Road and can park in front of the restaurant...there are only a few parking spaces. IF there was fabulous BBQ inside, I wouldn't mind a walk, but there isn't.4) Yes, the corn is good. I don't go to a BBQ establishment to eat corn. I go to Iowa to eat corn.5) The beans are average, as is the potato salad. 6) Their menu is getting smaller ("sold out" signs on sausages...already?).7) They don't sell beer (yet).Sorry, but I give them 4 months unless things get going on (in a true Texas direction).
4	Was looking for some good BBQ after a long day of hiking...THE SCOOP:The food here is delicious. We had the brisket and the baby back ribs, which were great. A side of coleslaw and potato salad, and a banana pudding for dessert. Make sure to order the pudding! The staff was friendly, the place was casual with great outdoor seating. The BBQ sauce was definitely tasty.THE POOP:No alcohol is served (yet, they say), they did run out of some items (fortunately none that we wanted to order) and I wished they had a few more side dishes to offer. You eat on thick butcher paper (no plates), which worked fine for us, but definitely count this place as casual.THE RECOMMENDATION:We would definitely stay here again.
5	Great Brisket. There has not been good BBQ in south Scottsdale for a long time. There is now!. The food is wonderful and priced well. Stop in and grab a bite.
3	Went here for lunch on a Friday with a groupon deal. The inside feels a little cramped when busy. Similar to Rudy's where you order meat by the pound. Not as wide of selection of meats, drinks. I wanted to try a sample of the Jalepeno links but they were out of those. The moist brisket was a bit too moist for my taste and the lean too dry. I tried the cutters choice which was supposed to be in the middle. Instead it was just half lean and half moist. The BBQ sauce was ok, nothing special. I would've preferred a spicy BBQ sauce as well. I ordered the beans and potato salad sides. Beans were just ok-- I thought both Rudy's and Joe's Real BBQ were better. Overall, not a bad place considering there is nothing comparable in old town--but I doubt I'd come back unless I had a strong craving for BBQ.
4	The Phoenix New Times reports that this place has closed its doors just a few months after opening. I'm very surprised and frankly a little sad--I thought this was excellent Texas-style BBQ, and had a good location, and I feel bad this small business couldn't make it despite cranking out good product. Go to the South Phoenix location if you can. The BBQ is worth the trip.
4	My daughter and I stopped here for lunch about a month ago.  I had the brisket and it was really good.  I liked it so much that I took my wife back a couple of days later to eat again.   I will be coming back.
2	I went by Texas BBQ House today, and it appears they have closed down already. I thought the extra lean brisket there was decent, but not as good as Rudy's, which I recommend as an alternative. One thing that rankled me about Texas BBQ House was the high price on the stuffed baked potato. Another issue was the parking. Finally, the dining area was very cramped. I've never been to the South Phoenix location, but if I'm going to drive that far, I would go to Rudy's instead.
5	I wrote this review months ago, but still wanted to post.  Unfortunately this location has closed --- SOOOO sad.My husband and I eat here at least once a week.  Consistently delicious.  Must try:  chop BBQ, spare ribs, and turkey.  I recommend getting a 1/4 lb of a couple different meats because it is too hard to choose a favorite.
3	The good: The creamed corn side.  A. Mazing.  The service...very friendly.The so-so: The brisket that's mixed with sauce was very lacking in flavor.  The sliced brisket was much better, but had lots of fat in it, which I don't like (some may).  There were 2 sauces, didn't really care for either of them, both are pretty spicy (I like spicy, but just FYI for those who don't).  The bad: The bread they serve the meat on is like wonderbread.  I probably will not go back, but 3 of the 4 men (my co-workers) whom I've gone with have all been back multiple times.
