5	Romantasy Cabaret is fantastic! Mizz Lucy Morals is fabulous. This vaudeville burlesque show has some terrific talent. The show is sexy, naughty, funny, and just downright entertaining! Highly recommended. Get your tickets early as seats sell out quickly.
5	This is a fun event! It only happens once every few months so it's ok to be a little decadent on one night. So I like to get gussied up, have drinks, laugh at good comedy and enjoy the expression of art! For those of you turned off by the idea of nudity, most of the evening everyone on stage is clothed, the third act you get to see pasties. So, you could ideally go for just the first two segments. I stay for the whole thing. Cool vendors to shop between shows. They even do charitable donations for good causes. Buy your tickets early though, they are getting more popular every day. :)
5	Went to a free teaser show today for First Friday, and loved it!  The girls were amazing!  We saw belly dancing, hula girls, singers, and a burlesque show!  The MC is Lucy Morals, who is also headmistress for the Wayward School for Girls, which is where most of the performs get there start.  (Or at least that was my impression!)  She was hilarious and very raunchy - just what you would expect!  I only wish that it had been a full show so we could have seen them really strip down, instead of just miming it!  I will deff be getting tickets to the real deal in the future!
5	I stumbled upon Romantasy Cabaret online & decided it looked interested. I purchased a set of tickets, took my boyfriend, and was both entertained & amused. Romantasy Cabaret puts on a truly fantastic show, the performers are wonderfully talented. We have been back a few times, and plan to go to more upcoming shows. Get tickets early as they go fast, and you really do want to get a seat. The show is a few hours long, and for our first experience we stood the whole time. The best seats are VIP, but the reserved seats aren't bad. Either way this is a show well worth seeing time and time again. Each time we go its better than the last.
5	A Romantasy Cabaret show is something you do not want to miss! There is a variety of talent from singing to silent movies, mentalists to burlesque and belly dancers ! The  saucy  Mizz Lucy Morals will entertain you through out the show and you will  have an experience to tell all your friends the next day!!  It is perfect for couples, groups or just letting loose with some friends!  I love that people come in costume to feel like they are part of the show!  I'll be back and I hope to meet you there!
5	SO much fun! "Burlesque" is more than just scantily-clad women, and Mz Lucy Morals delivers. Comedy, magic, torch songs ... and scantily-clad women! Not just really skinny ones, either, though they're all HOT. Some are thin, some tall, some curvy, some so short you want to put them in your pocket and take them home. And TALENTED. These girls DANCE, people! So much entertainment in one night, you might not be able to stand it. But you will, and you'll come back for more. ;)
5	Romantasy Cabaret is a wild, entertaining adventure.  Not for the faint of heart or those easily offended.  Bring your humor, your open mind, and your appreciation of sexuality and artistry and embrace all that is ROMANTASY CABARET.  They pack a lot of punch into several hours of entertainment! Enjoy!
5	This show is awesome!  It always has a great variety so there's comedy and dancing and even an illusionist.  If you stay until the end of the show you great to some seriously HOT women do some nice burlesque style strip-teasing, which is always the favorite for me and my friends. It definitely pays to get the premium seating.
5	We came across Romantasy Cabaret at a free teaser show at the Alwun House and all i can say is what a teaser it was we had to attend their next show. When we saw them next we were blow away by how amazing the show was. If you ever wanted to see a true "Burlesque" performance that takes you back to the vaudeville era and than back to today with the absolute funniest and sexiest people we have seen in a long time. Whether we were laughing at the sexy Mrs Lucy Morals, having a great time listing to the sweet wind pipes of Tom Turff, seeing what is stuffed in Maxi's Muff or all the amazing performers like Va Va Voom, or Mercy Beaucoup it just continues to get better every time we attend. We always get the VIP seats which always sell out before the show but we are guaranteed a seat and they always have the best view of the stage. It is has now become a tradition to see the Romantasy Cabaret Shows every time they are here and we make sure we make time because we would never miss a show.
5	My friend's husband bought ticket for the three of us to go see Romantasy's Halloween show. It was my first-ever burlesque show... and now I'm hooked! It was funny, sassy, sexy, unexpectedly creative and, in keeping with the macabre theme, even at times a wee bit creepy (deliciously so! Clowns, man, clowns are just creepy!) Belly dancers, magician, fan dances, comedy, camp, tease... It really had it all for a wildly fun evening of adult fun. Now, a hugely devoted fan of Romantasy!!
5	This Event was a mixture of so many very good things. It was so good in fact that I will be trying to attend as often as is possible. There was great music , comedy, variety acts  and well beautiful women. I love that this show has real women, I did not see one breast implant there was thick and skinny but they were all very lovely. All the women on that stage exuded amazing amounts of confidence and sex appeal. If you are going, make sure to take lots of loose bills to throw up on stage. This show is worth every penny you pay for it and then some.  Romantasy Cabaret is definitely one the best events to attend in Phoenix Area !
5	A must see!!Looking for something different to do with your honey than the typical movie theatre or bar hopping?  Go see Romantasy Cabaret.  For only $18 each you will be entertained for 3 hours!  Miss Lucy the MC was a wonderful host and very entertaining.  The show is nonstop with variety skits, naughtiness and lots of beautiful women and burlesque dancing.  The skits were a hoot and the burlesque dancers were beautiful and easy on the eyes.This show deserves a better venue than Club Red, however. It sits at the end of a small strip mall.  We had to line up outside until they open the doors at 7:30pm.  Show starts at 8:30pm.  Recommend getting in line by 8pm if you want a seat in General Admission.  They have cocktail rounds for the GA but not every table had chairs - weird.  I can't imagine standing for the entire 3 hour show.  Cocktails run about $8-9 each and are served in plastic cups except the martinis which were very good by the way.  They had a hot dog stand out front which we thought was kind of tacky.  That's the only food available.My husband and I absolutely loved the show but felt the venue was cheap and tacky.  You can wear jeans but most of the women were dressed in dresses or club wear.  It's all about showing off your own body too and letting your hair down!  Enjoy!
