5	Great place! Sushi in the neighborhood, very convenient. Great happy hour, great prices. Friendly atmosphere.
4	Finally a local sushi restaurant. Great food, nice and friendly atmosphere and conveniently located in the Canyon Trails Towne Center. Pleasantly surprised and looking forward to our next visit. Very affordable, first time in a while we didn't drive home feeling like we overpaid. We liked that it wasn't a chain and that it is family-owned. Looking forward to this restaurant becoming a permanent part of the neighborhood. Go visit and support your local businesses.
4	Great Sushi in Goodyear. The miso soup was very good and their portions are a good size for the money. Though I must say the star of the night was the sushi. The decor is very nice and clean. Did I mention the salad has an incredible dressing? Well worth a trip and you will leave full and not like you spent a lot of money.
4	Solid sushi.  Great prices - we are talking 2-4 dollars for most rolls and appetizers during happy hour.  The location seems to be wrong on here as well, it is actually on the other side of the road further south - next to the Garden Pizza inside the huge (mostly empty currently) shopping center thing.Also, moist towelettes!
5	Went during happy hour, CHEAP sushi (rolls were $3-7), good sushi and service was very good and fast!  And beers were only $1.95 :)  Even the "non-happy-hour" prices weren't bad, only a buck or two more2 people filled up on sushi, 2 beers, and miso soup all for $20?!  yep we'll be back for sure when the sushi cravings hit, which is often
5	Have to admit, didn't have high expectations of this place going in. Good sushi is hard to come by in the west valley But it blew me away. Not only are the prices low, but the sushi is actually really good. Great happy hour menu everyday from 3-9:30ish. Lots of discount rolls too. And it's CLOSE, for us Goodyear/Buckeye folk. Stop in soon. They're expanding their dessert menu w mochi. Stay away from the water though... they need a filter! :-) I am looking forward to going back.
5	There are at least six sushi restaurants closer to us, but Ah Hai Sushi and Grill is definitely worth the extra drive.  It has quickly become my family's favorite sushi restaurant.  Ah Hai serves very fresh and delicious food at a very reasonable price.  The staff are very friendly and my family has always had a pleasant experience dining there.   My wife enjoys their Scorpion Roll the best.  I like the Beef Negimaki.  If we dine during lunch, we use the $5.00 off $25.00 coupon that is always available.  If we dine during dinner, then it's Happy Hour pricing all evening long.  Happy to have a 5 STAR sushi restaurant in the West Valley!
4	What a great discovery this place has been!  It is hidden away in the little strip mall that is off of Cotton Lane and Yuma Road in Goodyear.  But don't let it's hidden location fool you.  I've now been two times and enjoyed myself and their food on both occasions.My sushi date friend, Cyndie, and I wanted to try this place after having a horrific experience at Blu Sushi (see my review for the full story) and we were desperate to find a new place that had that "it" sushi.  We seriously found it!We went for their happy hour and ordered several different rolls including my necessity (especially when trying out a new sushi bar), spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll, and crunchy roll.  All three of them were attractive and tasty.  But we weren't full and wanted to order another roll, so we ordered the Pink Lady roll off of the regular menu.  It was brought out to us and set down on the table and the two of us couldn't close our mouths or stop staring.  The rolls were in pink soypaper, shaped as hearts, and had a blinking light in the center.  It was gorgeous and...a sushi place that has fun with their presentation by decorating the plates?!  Heck yeah!  We were impressed and it was very good.  The Pink Lady has cucumber, avocado, crab, and crunch wrapped w/soy bean paper, Eel sauce & spicy mayo.  It was incredibly delicious...did I already say that?  We were hooked for sure and both decided we'd be coming back to try more.On our 2nd trip, we ordered the Pink Lady again...I'm pretty sure this will be my mainstay everytime I come.  But we also ordered the Scorpion Roll - shrimp tempura, cream cheese, inside topped w/kani, masago in spicy mayo & eel sauce (which had an amazing decoration on it...I think it was a lobster), sweet potato roll, and California rolls (for a friend...but they weren't flavorful as was expected).  The scorpion roll melted in our mouths.  There was a little too much cream cheese for my liking, but still very good.All the plates had fun decorations added...one was made to look like a butterfly using the rolls.  There's something about this added touch that makes me appreciate them even more.  The service is great and the servers we have had are very nice and welcoming as well.  I will be coming back again soon!
4	Bento Lunch Box, warm Saki. Delicious, quick, and elegant. Looking forward to going back.
3	I'm originally from the west valley, and i go to visit my parents often on the west side--my mom and i love to come here after a little shopping.First off the service is very good, our server was so attentive and nice.  Spicy Kani Roll and Shrimp Tempura Roll were so good!  And of course--a Sapporo to go with it:)  And after your done eating, they bring a complimentary dessert of a fancy cut orange bowl with wedges pre-diced to pick with tooth picks, such a nice topping to a great lunch and pallet cleansing as well:)
5	Great sushi, great service and wonderful prices!
3	Great sushi joint.  Clean, fresh, tasty fish.
5	Absolutely amazing! The cost is extremely low especially for the quality!
5	Finally...after my cousin invites me several times I go ahead and try this with her. I am happy to say that I love this place!  Nice clean and cozy. We had several happy hr deal. Well ee just tried different kinds of rolls and I will say each one was very good. Very clean and refreshing. I want some now.... Mmmmmmm I will be visiting this place often. Thanks for recomending Bernice!
2	The size of the rolls are tiny! The service is at least good and the bright side, the dragon roll and tuna roll I ordered were at least very fresh and delicious compared to some places that make giant rolls and are tasteless. I'm really trying to think quality over quantity, but I'm also paying for it.
5	The staff here is very friendly... the atmosphere is nice and the food is delicious... specifically the scorpion roll!   A little pricey... but definitely one of the best sushi places in the west valley!
5	Great food! Great prices! Great service!
2	I really wanted to like this place, since it has such good reviews and nice happy hour prices...but I just didn't. The decor is rather lacking and the booths were uncomfortable. The service was decent, not great. We ordered Gyoza, which was ok. It's pan fried instead of deep fried, so it's not very crunchy. We also ordered a volcano roll and a rainbow roll, the rainbow roll wasn't that good, the shrimp on it was chewy and the avocado tasted a bit old. They brought us a thunder roll instead of a volcano roll. I'd been debating between the two so I thought I'd ordered the wrong thing and didn't make an issue of it, but when we got the receipt it said we had, in fact, ordered the volcano roll. The thunder roll was, again, just ok. The Tea and Miso soup were good. All in all we just weren't impressed and we won't be going back.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!OK so you want to know why?The staff is wonderful and they are as friendly as it gets. The sushi chef is a wizard and everything he makes will melt in your mouth. everything is so fresh and carefully made . They could use some help on the lack of decor but when the food is this good its obvious where the money goes. personally i love their small salad its $1.00 and the best dollar spent i say, this ginger dressing is home made everyday and sold for $3.00 . This place is a mom and pop gem. i suggest this place to any sushi lover.
5	LOVE this place! The best place in Goodyear!! The staff is welcoming and courteous. The prices and quality are outstanding. My favorite items include the Salmon Skin Rolls and Ninja Jalapenos!
3	They don't have sunomono! No cucumber salad! The miso soup was watery, where's the miso? All the rolls are tiny, and very basic. Unmemorable
3	Tasty Japanese option with quick serviceOriginally mixed this restaurant up with the Ah-So Sushi down the street and across the highway.  But, after eying it and always seeing it busy, my wife and I decided to stop in for dinner with our baby girl.Service crew was quick to seat us, took our orders and brought us drinks, and were attentive throughout.  The sushi was good-- our 1 year-old simply LOVED the cucumber sushi-- though the gyoza has very little to no meat.  Edamame is lightly salted and comes warm.  Wakame is excellent.  And the main orders of combination udon hit the spot with a god mix of meats and vegetables with a nice, flavorful broth.Very fair pricing and just a tad away from four stars.  I'll visit gain in the future to see if I should correct upward.
5	ALWAYS amazing. I've been here several times since they opened and not once have they failed me! I love this place and the waitress is super nice and attentive. She remembers us every time and knows what we usually order. I have nothing negative to comment on this place.
4	The tuna sashimi was delicious!  The rolls were good, atmoshere was great and service was friendly.  Not the best sushi I have had, but I would definitley go back again when I come to town.
4	Great sushi! I had the terriaki salmon with steamed vegetables and it was delicious! The portions are generous and the entrees come with soup and salad. I will definately be back!
4	Javier and I went here on Saturday night. The good thing about this place is happy hour starts at 4pm and ends when the place closes. Good thing for you beer drinkers, they are super cheap. We shared all of our food that night. We started off with the ninja roll, this consists of crab and spicy tuna stuffed into a jalapeno topped with some eel sauce. This was our favorite!!!! We also had the pink lady and the scorpion. I love the inventive names of the rolls and the pink lady also had pink soy paper. Pink Lady, cucumber, avocado,Spicy crab, & Crunch Wrapped in soypaper w/ eel sauce & Spicy Mayo and Scorpion Roll, Shrimp tempura & cream cheese topped w/ kani, masago, eel sauce, & spicy mayo. We then shared the chicken hibachi meal for 10.99, consists of rice chicken and veggies and miso soup. This was horrible. there was too much sauce drenched on chicken and veggies. The miso soup made me want to gag. Rice was nothing special, just white rice also came with an orange that was tart. The four stars is based on the sushi here. DO NOT EAT THE REGULAR FOOD .  But sushi is terrific
5	Every sushi place I eat at is compared to Ah Hai. They are the best, price- and taste-wise! Whenever I try new things I'm never disappointed, but I love to stick to my beloved favorite Cotton roll and miso soup. My friends love it and my family does too. Plus it's so close to us! Cute decor and Yuki is great. If you've never gone here, try it, you won't regret it!
3	We were out in Goodyear for the first time in forever and checked out Yelp for some eats...all these glowing reviews for Ah Hai so we had to check it out. We were hoping for a great hole-in-the wall find, cranking out fantastic fresh sushi at great prices. I have to wonder if we went to the same place. The sushi was very mediocre...well prepared, sure, but very similar to what you'd get at a supermarket or any number of places around town where sushi is treated as an afterthought.  Tasteless, unnaturally pink tuna, finely processed pre-made spicy tuna for rolls, etc.  Small slices too. Just not as spectacular as some reviews here made it sound.  The place is small, the decor is a little cold, and it was creepy quiet. On the bright side the kitchen items we had were tasty, and service was cheerful and efficient. Prices were very affordable and the happy hour gives a great discount. But with the 4.5 star Yelp rating we went with high hopes we'd find a hidden gem stuck out in Goodyear, and we found a 3 star, passable but not great sushi joint.
5	If you are looking for good sushi, eat here! They have a great assortment rolls. I have been here several times and each time has been a good experience. They have a great Happy Hour with a pretty decent menu to choose from. They have new rolls often
4	Great little sushi hot spot. The service is excellent and the open kitchen allows for fun watching the preparation. They always seem to be busy with an urban feel - refreshing for Godyear. Try the Pink Lady for something new.
3	I promise I am going to give this place another shot at providing a better experience.  I always want to write a great review of a place.  Their sushi was really good, although i took it to go, it might have been even better if i ate it there.There seems to be a pretty good happy hour menu that is on my list of happy ours to try.As I was waiting, I noticed the music was loud, so conversations might be a little hard to have here.  The prices are pretty much in line with other valley sushi restaurants.So I hope to actually dine in and upgrade my review.
4	Had the lunch Tempura bento box and a spicy yellowtail roll and all were very good. Was disappointed they do not have fresh iced tea and it is instant.Enjoyed our visit and enjoy having a place close to home so will definitely go back.
5	Absolutely love this place! Food is delicious, staff is friendly and happy hour is just short of all the time.
5	My second time here and I'm so.thrilled that I went back! The snow white roll was incredible! The service is great, very friendly! I am looking forward to going back!
4	We eat here at least once per week, but I don't always check in.  Not kidding.  Ah-Hai is great!  I'm a vegetarian, so I haven't tried the real sushi.  But, the veggie rolls are delicious and quite affordable during happy hour (which is pretty much any time after 4).  My kids love the grilled chicken teriyaki and vegetables.  Try the Nessa roll with carrot if you like veggie sushi rolls.
3	I love sushi!I wasn't uber impressed this time.  Their seaweed was a little bit chewy which is not typical of this place.  The Cotton Roll didn't disappoint.  It was well rolled and didn't fall apart, as was the Shrimp Tempura Roll.  I know a Philly roll isn't all that complicated but this one lacked something.  We did go for lunch, so the prices were great.  They have a lunch special where you choose 2 rolls from a list of selected rolls/sashimi and also get a salad and miso soup (salad dressing is da' bomb!) and all this for only $7.95.  We ordered a side of fried rice...if possible,  next time I'd ask if they can leave out the onions...way too many raw onions and no me gusta raw onions! Next time you're in the far west valley...stop by and say "Ahhhh Haiii!" to this place!  I will be going back and hopefully the seaweed isn't chewy cuz I'll have to say, "Ahhhh...byeeeee!"
5	We really love this place for sushi.....super fresh and excellent quality. The happy hour prices are amazing. Don't pass this place up.....Highly Recommended!
4	I am always afraid to try out new Sushi restaurants, but thanks to a recommendation from a friend and some good Yelp reviews I decided to give Ah Hai a try. My son and I are the only ones in our family who like sushi so I persuaded him to come to lunch with me today since I had a Val-Pak coupon for 50% off a second lunch bento box. I really enjoyed the miso and salad that started off our meal. My only suggestion is maybe to order the dressing on the side since there was a pretty fair amount on there even though it was delicious. The bento lunch itself was pretty large and everything tasted very good and the California rolls tasted very fresh. In fact I can't wait to go back and try some of the rolls.They have a great happy hour as well and since this place is right around the corner from my house I am sure I will be back to give it a try.
5	Excellent happy hour deals and good service.  The restaurant itself is a little small, but we've always been seated quickly.  Great place for a quick eat or date when you want sushi but don't want to spend too much!
5	My new sushi place! I come here at least twice a month, they have happy hour 4-10 every time I come here and I come here any day of the week! I have ordered the Dynamite, Scorpion, Philadelphia, Pink lady?, spicy tuna, California, and others.  I have yet to be disappointed.  Their sake bombers are super cheap!  The staff is very friendly as well.
4	Good food, good prices.
4	Went for lunch... service was very attentive and polite... food was very delicious i was pleasantly surprised... was very clean as well as restroom...atmosphere was ok for lunch needed music..overall very pleased i will go back
2	The service wasn't all that great and the sushi wasn't anything to write home about either. The lady that served us tried to be funny but was sort of rude. She felt too comfortable with us I think. I'm all for being personable, but I am still a guest and expect to be treated as such and not just a "bro"...
4	Got the lunch roll special to go! Rolls were good, miso was good, salad dressing was good, but the iceberg lettuce was pretty sad. All in all a great deal for $7.95!
4	IMO the best sushi you will find in the West Valley. Maybe you can find a larger selection of rolls in the other side of the city but its way better than the 2 sushi restaurants in Goodyear on Estrella Parkway/Pebble.  Spicy tuna is always super fresh, the Scorpion roll and Dynamite roll are great as well. Tasty miso soup. Love the salad dressing. Fantastic service and affordable lunch specials.  Been there apprx 7 times and its always consistent.
1	The eel and yellow tail pieces were brownish and the rice fell apart. The sushi here is consistently poor quality (I've been 5-6 times living nearby) I don't understand why it got "super fresh" label, maybe we just showed up on the "wrong" days?
4	I went here last week with my boyfriend and his family. The prices are a steal. Half off rolls--I was sold. But it was very easy to order a lot and fill up quickly. I was a bit trigger happy and the bill still ended up the same as the places I order back home. Nonetheless, I left full and stayed full for a long time.We ordered the dragon, Philadelphia, California, rainbow, thunder, and crunchy rolls. They were way more than enough for 2 people. Only thing that sucked was we asked the waitress to change the channel on the TV, and she had no clue what we were asking. So she just changed the channel to a random basketball game. Other than that, I'd go back in a heartbeat.
5	Great place I love it here. That is all.
5	Friendly service, clean. Love the pink lady and salmon skin hand wraps.
4	Totally love this place! There are a lot of sushi places in the West Valley now...especially around the Goodyear area, but ah-hai has the best happy hour by far! Not only do they have the best prices, but their happy hour is all night, every night! That is really hard to beat! Their rolls and apps are good...I especially like their calamari (it's in sticks, not rings) and the seaweed salad. I always go for happy hour, but their other rolls and entrees look really good too!
4	if you like sushi then you will like Ah Hai Sushi
5	We just had a great happy hour dinner on a Saturday night. The prices were amazingly low. The quality of the nigiri was pretty good. The rolls were great. Good value overall. Not the best sushi ever, but the best we've had in a while in the West Valley (Tomo is a little higher quality, but you'll pay more for it.) Service=fast, attentive, kind. Best service of any local sushi spot. Very pleased.  Enjoy.
3	When we started coming here this place was empty but slowly this place started getting busy. We enjoy the sushi here. The rolls are good and the sashimi is fresh. The kids love the steak teriyaki and the Japanese soda with the marble. The service is always good. People are friendly and nice. Try this place for happy hour as the sushi and rolls are discounted.
5	Great food, and a till close food and drink happy hour. The service was very good too.
4	Great happy hour specials!  Love the pink lady and the jalapeno rolls.  Nice little sushi place close to home.
5	This is a great little hidden gem of goodyear. Been coming here since the place opened and every time we come it had been nothing short of amazing and super fresh. The ice cream tempura is a must!!
5	I've been coming here for years.the happy hour deals are unbeatable. The service is almost always great, unless they're training a new person, because they've had their share of waitress drop outs. But the constant team is fabulous.
5	This is literally my favorite place to eat. I come during the happy hour and I'm always satisfied with the one dollar miso soup and great sushi. I come probably 3 times a month.
5	Our go-to sushi place. It's a great neighborhood spot.. The restaurant is clean, service is friendly and sushi is really good!! The spicy girl is my favorite!!! And agree with the other reviewers in saying go during happy hour. The prices can't be beat.
5	Love love love his place! Been coming here for 2 years, and never disappoints! The BEST happy hour ever!! Love that business is booming, and don't mind the wait for the excellent sushi!!
5	My favorite sushi place ever. Staff is very friendly and food is simply delicious. A must try
4	Seated quickly, order handled efficiently. Staff brisk but moving many people through! Would eat here again! Pot stickers homemade and grilled to perfection.
5	One of the best sushi places in the area. Fast and friendly. Happy hour is so cheap too.
5	Great happy hour,  love the dynamite! Recommend it for a day after the pool! Refreshing and tasty!
2	I love the sushi and go there all the time but one time my boyfriend and I went after the gym and had the worst server ever. She was a total bitch. We ordered a philly roll and a scorpion roll and she was like "just two rolls? Ugh." And walked away. Like are you serious? There goes your tip. And she never got us drinks.
5	We have been coming here since they opened.  I have enjoyed lots of sushi bars, but this one has the best salmon ever, its always super tender and melts in your mouth.  Tried the new Hawaiian roll today, it is amazing!  Great happy hour specials all night. This has become our favorite sushi destination.
4	Had sushi here based on the recommendations of some ladies at "Out West" feed store. They said it was great food and reasonable prices!  I agree. It was around $30 for two people. The sushi was yummy, the staff was friendly and attentive, we will be back!
4	Sushi in the West Valley continues to impress!  This place was super busy on a Sunday afternoon, small but nice place, we sat at the sushi bar, again, manned by a couple of Japanese sushi chefs!  We tried a few rolls and they were all very good, good service, and reasonable pricing, will be back!
5	Yuki and Kevin feed our family and neighbors many nights every week! So lucky to have them so close. Very accommodating for dietary restrictions, good quality, and great service. You always feel like a regular.
5	Really good sushi! I hadn't found a place I loved since I moved here from Cali and I missed their assortment terribly. But I looked up reviews and found this place close to home. They had great attentive service, good quality fresh sushi, and awesome choices on the happy hour menu. I recommend the dynomite roll, rainbow roll, pork gyozas, philadelphia roll...i forget the names of what else i ordered but it is all really good and i have tried a lot of sushi places before. it is very small in there, but cozy. i ordered green tea ice cream for dessert and they put whipped cream and chocolate syrup and cherries and brought us free fancy sliced oranges with the check. it is the little things that count....attention to detail! great job, ah-hai!
5	Love this sushi restaurant. Food is always delicious and very affordable. My husband and I go at least twice a month. Yuki the owner is very nice and hospitable. I highly recommend this restaurant. Definitely my favorite sushi restaurant to go to!!!
5	We moved to the area recently & have been here a few times. Sushi is great and reasonable! My husband is not a sushi fan, but they have quite a few meat dishes. The happy hour menu is great! Only downside is that I've had to wait for a table every time I've ben there, but was seated in a decent amount of time...it's a small restaurant so it's understandable.
5	Best Sushi in the West Valley! It's one of the west valleys hidden gems in my opinion, Great tasting sushi, Great service and Great portions. I've been to a lot of sushi places around the west valley and none compare to this place. Good price on entrees & sushi. You won't be disappointed. I would recommend the Tiger roll, scorpion roll or Rainbow roll. Enjoy!
5	This place has the best lunch specials, and their sushi selection is awesome. Sushi, soup, appetizers are all amazing! I recommend this place to anyone in Goodyear. Service is fast and food is always fresh.
5	This place is a regular for my family and I, the food is great and the service is good.
5	Great food and great prices. The sushi was fresh and the happy hour prices make eating here very reasonable. Had the Yaki-Soba noodles with chicken, some spicy tuna rolls and Bud Lite...  $20 with tip... And yes! It was good!
5	Delicious food. Usually great service. My husband and I got our selves I trouble by getting a to go menu....we can now eat from the comfort of our own home! To go food is always fresh and amazing and made very quickly.
5	Found this Sushi & Grill restaurant on Yelp! The atmosphere is good, not to loud, small and welcoming. The fried Calamari was okay...but the miso soup and fresh GREEN side salad with house dressing was amazing!!! The Chicken Noodle Udon was great loved every bite.  Also ordered a few rolls of sushi, which was really fresh and delicious! The service was good as well!
4	You would never this was here unless you looked for it. Hidden right by a Super Target...I come here all the time. This is, by far, the best sushi place in the West Valley you could hope to eat at. The sushi is fresh, the place is clean. The only reason why I don't give this place 5 stars is the fact the servers there are bland, and unwelcoming.
3	Food (from HH menu):Albacore Nigiri: 3.5 starsSmooth, good sized piece & tasty. Tuna Nirgiri: 3 starsFresh, no fishy smell / taste & good portion size.Salmon Skin Roll: 2.5 starsThere wasn't much salmon skin inside of the rolls but more rice surrounding all of the rolls than anything. Squid Salad: 3 starsThe squid in this salad tasted exactly like the squid salad mixture that Costco has, except this had extra greens on the bottom of the mixture.Dynamite Roll (Cali roll w/ baked crab on top): 3 starsThis had way too much rice & sauce on top which overwhelmed the whole roll. Overall: clean place with good atmosphere & good sized portioned food here. If you like rolls more than sashimi then you'll like this place. =)  Service: Very slow, they forgot to check on us during the meal & we had to wave them down several times for water. -1Tip:HH: M-F 4:30- ClosingSat & Sun: 3PM - Closing
5	We stopped in this past Sunday for a late lunch after a day of shopping. Service was bar none! Kevin was very attentive, thank you! The sushi was amazing & fresh, highly recommend the crazy roll if you like it spicy. Also had the pork katsu bento box. Very tasty, and the Gyoza reminded me of my childhood in Taiwan. Totally recommend this place if you're in Goodyear!
5	First time here and I had the Wally roll. It was AMAZING and the rolls are cheap! Great sushi for a great price. I will be back!
5	Best sushi in the West Valley. Happy hours every day great food great drinks great service. Please support this Westvalley sushi restaurant so the best I've ever been to
