5	This is the only salon i will go to. They are so friendly and helpful. It's nice to go to a salon that speaks English and knows you by name! They have tons of gel colors and their pedicure chairs are brand new and super comfy! I haven't had a bad experience yet!!
1	I had a pleasant experience one time here, but this time I got the same service I got the time before, Manicure & Pedicure with normal nail polish paint(not gel). My Baby Shower was the next morning & we left the salon at around 8ish. It was myself & 3 other friends and we had an appointment @ 6:30. We all tipped extra since we stayed past their closing time. My Manicure was completely dry when I left, however, by the next morning, my nails were already chipped & I saw my friend the next morning who had the EXACT same service as I did and hers were just as chipped!!! I hadn't done anything extra or washed my hands a ton of times, but they looked AWFUL for my Baby Shower and NOT TO MENTION,my friend who treated me to this service paid $100 without the tip & $130 WITH TIP for both of our Manis & Pedis!!! So, we called and told them that my nails were chipped already and they said that I SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN THE GEL PAINT. WHAT?! When I paint my nails at home with "REGULAR" paint, it lasts for more than 12 HOURS!!! That's how you treat customers who spent OVER $200 in ONE TRIP??!!! I WILL NEVER BE A CLIENT OF THEIRS AGAIN & I WILL LET MY GIRLFRIENDS KNOW HOW THEY TREATED US...I work in the service industry as well and they could have atleast offered to just repaint our nails...Instead, they chose to lose not 1 customer, BUT 4 because they seemed to not care about us or our experience.Sincerely,VERY DISAPPOINTED CUSTOMER
5	Awesome, they  always do the most amazing job , very clean, very friendly , never rush you  and are never  rude... So glad my friend told me about this hidden little gem .  I won't  go anywhere else for my nails they are far superior to anywhere else in the area.
5	Walk-in at noon. Waited nearly 30 mins but when I left at 115p, nobody waiting. Nails look great!
4	I love this place!  The ambiance is great and the customer service is excellent.
5	My Favo Place To Get My Nails Done!!! Always Nice My Nails Look Amazing!!! Hi & Kelly Are The Best!
5	Love this place! Called in the morning for an appointment during my lunch break. They fit me in easily and I was out with time to spare-- had a gel color change. Worked quickly and quality was not compromised. I will absolutely be back!
