4	We considered ourselves lucky to find this self-service yogurt place and in such a fun area of town as well.  Within walking distance from our hotel on a warm day, we stumbled upon the open doors and something familiar to what we have at home- sour frozen yogurt by weight.  There are fresh fruits to choose from as well as not so healthy toppings.  The yogurt here was needed to sooth the weary stomach of this grumbling tourist.  Once leaving here, you will feel refreshed and ready to walk another three miles in search of food.
4	Yeh introduced me to the concept of frozen yogourt. I live in the neighbourhood, but seeing the interior from the outside I wondered whether frozen yog was something for your average hip student with lofty worldviews and rose-tinted glasses.Well, the decor is colourful. The product, however, is delicious. The flavours rotate every three weeks or so, with the plain yogourt being the sole constant.My suggestion is to get three flavours, as any more would cause too much mixing while you scoop them up or they melt too easily (more slabs = more surface area). You are spoilt for choice in toppings, yet I fail to see how one can spoil the delicate flavour of the yogourts with additional syrups or, God forbid, some of those ghastly straw-like sprinkles that feel like crunching your own teeth. (Exaggerating here). Stick to the fruit, as I suspect their mango topping is often the Ataulfo cultivar, which is to mango as Mercedes is to cars.In the summer they have outdoor seats, but I really dig their bean bag chairs. Yeh isn't necessarily cheap unless your portion is small, but depending on your hunger and sweet tooth you can be in total control. So go for it and, in the deadly heat of Montreal's summer, have a well-deserved bowl of frozen goodness.
5	For dessert, this is a great place to go. You get a large cup with which you fill whatever flavors of yogurt you'd like. Then you top it with any toppings you'd like. Some of the toppings are strawberries, kiwi, sprinkles, m&ms etc.... It's all paid for by weight. My girlfriend and I had a delicious dessert and will definitely be going back!! :)
1	I've expect more from this joint !You can't compare with any other US joint
4	This place was awesome.  There was group of us and everyone was able to get exactly what they liked.  Everything was tasty and staff friendly and helpful.  Don't be shy, they really want you to have a good experience.
4	Probably the best chain of self-serve fro-yo in Montreal. I'm a big fan of Yeh and come here very often with my girlfriend. They often have new flavors of froyo (I have a soft spot for strawberry cheesecake, lychee and chocolate)  as well as different toppings. The staff is very helpful and it's a cool place to hang out when it's nice outside.The only reason it doesn't get more stars is because it doesn't compare to the US chains like Red Mango and Pinkberry.
4	I really liked this place, and somehow it wasn't expensive compared to some similar places in FL. The decor is simple and really cool... I seriously wouldn't mind a room in my house looking like that! I got strawberry with berries and oreo on top, my fav. The seating can get a little hard to come by sometimes...
5	DELICIOUS. Must go.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before... I love it! Self-serve frozen yogurt with a huge selection of toppings - couldn't get any better! I could eat this stuff everyday. For toppings - try the little, orange balls that look like jello. They are literally bursting with flavour! :)
2	Uh, i guess froyo hasn't caught on in the Great White North yet b/c this place was so crowded and the yogurt was just ok. But that is b/c i've experienced much better in the US. I would say this is just your regular fro-yo joint and the reason for the low stars is b/c the yogurt machines were pretty dirty. Lots of spillage and some litter on the floor. The staff needs to do a better job with the cleaning.
5	Ever since I came to Montreal, i've been searching for a frozen yogurt place...As you may notice, frozen yogurt has become one of the many healthy desserts people have been demanding lately.Well Yeh! you might think of it as ordinary ice cream served in a cup with some toppings, but in fact it is a completely different concept. Yeh! is a frozen yogurt place located in St Catherine next to Concordia University.When entering the shop, the waiters welcomes you and offers to explain how it works, if you are not familiar with the concept he offers some samples in order for you to know what to take... if you already are familiar with the place all you have to do is grab a cup, fill it with some frozen yogurt of your choice (chocolate, vanilla, smors, cookies and cream and many other delicious flavors), and add some toppings. You have the choice of freshly cut fruits or some chocolate chips, M&Ms, cookies or even brownies.. it's where you can be creative and create your own dessert... you can even create your own cookie dough, personally i haven't tried it yet but it seems very tempting, i'm sure i'm going to try it the next time i visit the place and will tell you all about it...at the end of the creative mixture all you have to do is weigh your cup and pay for it... and then you are ready, Yeh! it's time to enjoy your frozen yogurt...
1	UHHHHH, montreal....you need to come to boston if you want to experience frozen yogurt because this place is doodoo. WOW, i have never been to a froyo shop and tried all the flavors without liking at least one. I literally hated all the flavors. One of them tasted like lysol mixed with ice cream. I ended up sticking to chocolate, and drowned my froyo with chocolate bar toppings. (mind you, i never put toppings on my yogurt). It was that  bad......stay far away if you are an american looking for froyo. our standards are too high. it's like a canadian coming to america looking for poutine. can't and wont compare
1	I've really enjoyed having access to Yeh! at home in Halifax so I was excited to pop in and grab a treat while on vacation in Montreal. This location was a huge disappointment. The store was empty when we entered, no staff to be found, so we went ahead and started the self-serve process. The yogurt was overly soft to begin with, but it continued to melt as we stood and waited a good five minutes to pay. I finally went behind the counter, into the staff area, and had to call out for someone before an employee came out and rang us in.The employee was quite rude and totally unapologetic. In addition to this fantastic service, the machines and restaurant weren't clean and the bathrooms were a nightmare. Ill be happy to return to my Halifax location!
