4	I'm not a huge coffee drinker, but I might as well have an IV of tea at all times. Teavana in the Fashion Show Mall is the best place hands down for great loose leaf teas, as well as all of the pretty accessories that come along with a tea obsession. Even though it is a trek from my house to the Fashion Show, sometimes it is just necessary for a good cup of iced tea and a new tea set. My favorites are the oolongs and almost all of the greens. The staff is friendly too and eager to offer suggestions for blends and inventive preparation instructions. Even if you don't want to prepare your own tea at home, it is worth the trip for a great cup of iced tea while you peruse the Fashion Show.
4	Cool little tea shop in the Fashion Show Mall.  Tons of selection regarding various types of loose leaf tea, most of which were a bit foo-foo for my taste.  Give me the traditional ones... no weird berry infusions, etc etc.  It was nice to sip my ocha while sitting on a couch in the middle of the mall and taking a few minutes to relax and people watch.  You sure do get some characters walking around in there... =)
4	The place is beautiful, though a little confusing if you're not used to it.  The staff is very helpful, though, and they always make sure you're helped as much as possible, and offer very helpful suggestions about everything.  Everything's just so expensive, though, as far as the accessories go.  $4 for a spoon?  $20 for a pitcher and a tea ball?  Regardless, the selection of teas is amazing, and while I think they put way too much sugar in many of their teas, many are just right how they are.
5	I've been to a number of Teavana shops in various cities.....this one is the best.  Twelve different flavors were available for sampling on my last visit and amongst them was the heavenly Silver Needle white as well as the Sweet Lily White.Great service and a new favorite blend (Jasmine Dragon with Phoenix Pearls) made this a great stop on a long day of mall browsing.
5	I have rated Teavana 5 stars but I will add that I prefer to make my purchases on-line.The reason that I am so hesitant about shopping in the store is that it feels a tad like a car-dealership... the 'up-selling' is a bit much not to mention that during my last visit, an associate asked if I would like to try one of his recommendations, a few moments later I was presented with a large Tea and a $6 charge to my credit card.BTW, If you join their email program, you will receive a coupon for $10 off a $30 order (on-line OR in-store).www.teavana.com/c=s_join/shop.axd/Static?cm_mmc=Aff-_-Text-_-Disc-_-10couponMy favorites: Jasmine Dragon Phoenix Pearls alone or mixed with Rooibos Tropica. MateVana alone or mixed with Rooibos Chai.
4	Helpful staff but alittle to eager to help...I love to browse but doing it here is practically impossible without someone up your butt.Thankfully the blends are nice.
4	This place is located in the Fashion Show Mall.  The staff are incredibly helpful and though the store is small, they had about 4-5 various sweetened tea samples, all of which were delish!  Not only can you purchase their large variety of tea leaves and teapots, you can also go up to the counter and just order a drink as if you were in a Starbucks or something.  The teas here are delicious!
5	About the Brand/products (copy and paste this for each location, location specific comments below the line)I LOVE teas and really enjoy teavana. Prices will seem high at first but there's such varied prices from $3- $25 for a 2oz bag that there's a tea for every price range and a style for each person from fruity to herbal and many premium "traditional" blends, yerba mates (caffeine as much as coffees) and 0 caffeine teas for those who can't have caffeine. It goes a long way in whatever teas you get as the 2oz makes for many servings (about 2 teaspoons makes a full teapot for me....probably 20 times) - many teas you can even double steep with no problems as it is quality, flavorful leaves.  Even with getting my teas worth out of leaves, people ask me all the time though "why would you pay $18 for your green tea here?" Open up a cheapo tea bag- it's like dust in it....its the dregs of leaves from processing is gathered and are sold as more affordable accessible tea bags. You can taste the flavor difference in quality, drinking bags and leaves side by side. The way I look at all enjoyable, finer things in life- do you want the good stuff or the left overs? It really isnt that much..by ounces of tea the leaves make it comes out about the same as "gourmet tea bags" per cost of ounce. I did the math! It's the same or a little bit more (LOL I'm funny like that, but people ask so often I wanted to KNOW I'm right). Also some people dont realize how hard some teas are to cultivate. It's a BITCH! I read books about tea, tea is one of my hobbies. Simply the work (imagine hand rolling jasmine pearl teas! imagine climbing the mountain side to hand pick baby tea leaves to make white tea) and love make this a beautiful thing worth it's price. People pay for things like bourbon,craft beers (my other drink passion), but not teas which is more a manual labor of love ? If you also just want a cup of tea they can brew it for you in store- prices vary by tea but a good way to sample some of the pricier teas. There are many free samples around the store too. I get the German Rock Sugar...some people think it's a waste, but for some of the delicate white teas this is perfect, light sweetening. Ice teas and dessert teas though- I just use organic raw turbinado sugar or Australian Honey for a stronger sweetener. Do not put white sugar, they'll tell you this too because it does overpower a lot of teas and the chemicals ruins some tea flavors to alter.Tea accessories- some of the decorative pots are beautiful, but pricey. I love what I have of theirs though. Perfect TeaMaker is a great simple brewing vessel. For show we have a glass teapot for here too. What I love though is the double walled glass tea tumblers. Never gets hot or cold in your hand from the drink. I have small and big ones and I use the big ones even for beer.I've turned many people onto teas because of this place. I patron a few tea shops in LA, but this place i definitely more "accessible"...price and variety wise. I appreciate they are taking quality mainstream._____________________________Location specific comments-Now onto service- the manager here is friendly, knowledgeable and remembered seeing us a few times. A few of the people here are great at what they do- great suggestions and not feeling like you're being sold to but just having a discussion and the seasoned people know when to backoff as well and let you browse about.. A few people were very obvious that they were selling but I can tell they were new too so can't really dock down for that, they're learning how to get into the "groove". I've been in retail and it doesn't come natural to a lot of people. Staff overall is very pleasant and seem to enjoy their job (Teavana treats their employees well- my friend works at a Cali location). Samples are pretty ample here and encouraging about trying things. Fairly spacious store and neat.
1	DO NOT try their samples. Take it from an insider, they do not thoroughly clean the containers. The tea itself is okay. However, Teavana does not specialize in high quality loose-leaf tea. In fact, you can find better quality tea online for more reasonable prices. It's unfortunate that the company has chosen to push for ingredients that mask the flavor of tea. They used to sell really good green and white teas. Now all the green and whites taste just like their herbals. There is no clear distinction, other than the fact that they are more expensive and supposedly "higher quality".Tea connoisseurs would be very disappointed with Teavana's "teas".
4	Ahhh, you could spend so much money here if you're a tea drinker like me. It really is High Quality tea. How'd I get reeled in? The free samples right outside the entrance- what a good advertising tactic. I'm telling you, it's heaven for tea drinkers. I love tea. Note: this store does not accept mall/General Growth Properties gift cards. I spend about $22 for a special blend of two teas- Mate Vana and a Roobios (pronounced ROYbaas)- I don't know which one because there are about 10 different kinds of Roobios tea. (My husband who is a coffee drinker, even likes this blend! That's telling you something.) Sold in 2 oz. portions, the prices vary between $3.50 to $25.00 per two ounces- yes, you heard right. Yes, it is pricey but it is worth it. I also like the ChocoNut Green Tea and the Haute Chocolate teas, which I got for Christmas last year. MMMMMMMMMM. Also, I love the German Rock Cane Sugar @ $7.95 for one pound or $4.99 for one half pound. It is absolutely delicious (!!!!!!!) and worth every penny. Inside the store, are more samples. See, why I said that you could spend some $$$ here? And then there are the fancy teapots, the fancy tins (make sure you have some at home or you're gonna have to buy some here- needs to be air-tight), the list goes on and on. Yup, and the salespeople, though knowledgeable, will try to sell you everything under the sun, like the postman at the post office- I'm serious.  And they will tell you that you can save 10% off if you purchase more tea. I just smile and say "No thanks, just this, is fine."  Teavana lives up to it's name.
4	Teavana is a decent source of blended teas.  So if you are looking for fresh matcha, whole leaf green tea or black teas then buy online or visit a local Asian shop.If you are in a hurry and need a blended tea for a special dinner/lunch with guests then Teavana is perfect.I purchased 1/4 pound of White Ayurvedic Chai mixed with Samurai Chai Mate after enjoying a small sample.Great customer service and conveniently located in the Fashion Show Mall.Tip: If you are on a trip to Las Vegas just bring a thermos and empty teabags so you don't have to spend so much on teas at Starbucks or a Resort/Casino cafe.
3	I'm torn in writing this review.  They're pricey, but good quality.  You can sample a few teas in the shop.  And they have lovely teapots and cups for sale.  But I didn't find the service appealing.  The sales rep that I had was pushing a bit too hard for me to purchase the metal tins for the tea.  I told him that I already have a bunch of tins specifically designed for tea.  And yet, he kept pushing and pushing and pushing, going so far as to tell me that the tea will get stale quickly if I don't put it in the tin.  I almost gave up on my purchase.  I endured, bought the tea, and quickly left.  Not going back.  The tea is good, but not so good that I'd put myself thru that experience again.
4	Love samples.  I like that they have so many different style tea pots here. When I was thinking about a nice gift for my VERY japanese relative, I thought this might be something that she would like. I know that there is a Teavana not far from home, from me back in LA, but this state has a much friendlier tax. haha. With that said, I purchased several pouches of tea and have to say, I LOVE the samurai chai. It gives me that warm caffinated fuzzy feeling that I crave sometimes real late at night.  The service here is fantastic. I love that the teas are all available to smell, to really almost taste them. The smells, when wafted towards you are just fantastic. I love that they have samples as well but that you can also purchase a tea beverage that's to your liking. There are so many great teas and other gift items. It's hard not to go over board. HA
5	Not all Teavanas are created equal. No matter how nice the attendants are, if they cannot back it up with skills, the tea will fall flat. I was at Town Square early in the day and stopped by to try a sample. They were good, but I didn't feel like picking up a cup. When I got to the Fashion Show, I stopped by this location and tried again. Now this was an amazing brew. The samples were nothing alike other than the teas being used. The color, flavor complexities, and aroma were completely different.  Kris makes one mean iced tea. I would trust him enough to walk in there and give a few ideas of what I am looking for and leave it in his hands.
4	They have a large selection of some great tasting teas! Its a must!!
5	Tea Lovers Heaven!!I come here every time I go to Vegas to get my free sample from the door, smell the delicious aroma, and buy a couple of pounds of tea. They have a HUGE selection and are very knowledgeable and helpful picking out what you want. On this visit, I was looking for low/no caffeine teas and they found me a whole bunch that were fruity (just like I like it!). They told me how to combine certain teas to make blends and how long to brew each one. My only gripe is that I can't buy a big cup of tea here to drink right now!! Why?? Why incise me with everything and don't let me leave with a plastic cup full of yummy goodness? Oh well, I still love you!
4	i really am a fan of this place its a good placer to get loose leaf tea. but their tea accessories i feel are a little overpriced. and could mostly be bought at a Asian market for less, but that could just be me. i will definitely be coming her for all my loose tea needs.
3	I love the tea from here!!!! Could absolutely due without the impersonal staff at the fashion show store!!!!!! Not only do they not explain anything about how a first time teavana customer is able to purchase tea( in a bag, teavana tin and by the ounce) they look at u like ur the idiot when a can of tea they ring up for u comes up to just under $100.00!!!! If ur a first time shopper ask them to explain! I love the tea and unfortunately will be back due to convenience!
3	Ok. Expensive much? I really didn't know that high quality green tea costs that much! I love teas and really do appreciate some high quality tea, but more than $20 for 2 oz of tea? I had heard about this place before and while I was window shopping at the mall I came across Teavana. When I lived in Germany I used to drink this tea that was some sort of a vanilla flavored green tea but I couldn't find it here anywhere. So, when I found this store, I got really excited and walked up to the counter to ask about it. The lady behind the counter told me they didn't have vanilla flavored green tea, which made me a little sad. Then she told me that I could buy green tea and honeyboosh tea, well then I was happy again, even though she seemed really confused about me asking her to mix those teas for me. Then I asked what the prices were for the green tea and the honeyboosh, but she didn't tell me, instead she tried to talk me into buying the tin. Well, I told her that I just needed some tea and that I wasn't interested in the tin. So she scoops a little bit of the green tea in the little bag on the scale and tells me that we are at $28 and my jaw almost dropped. I asked if they had a cheaper green tea, but they didn't. At that point I was very disappointed and sad again. I don't know, maybe I'm a cheap a** but paying about $40 for only 4 oz of tea, no matter how good, just doesn't mix well with what I'm making right now. And believe me, I have traveled a lot and have had many good teas. I'm very sad, because I just cannot afford this place! :-(
2	One hot day this week,  I was searching for a decent iced tea in Fashion Show Mall. I stumbled upon Teavana and was happy to find a little tea boutique in Vegas (even if it is a chain) because I've been searching for one that could come close to the quality of Tealuxe in Boston. The thrill was soon over, however, when a salesperson practically pushed me around the store, shoving hot tea samples in my face, and trying to get me to buy a $100 teapot and a special tea that turns into a flower (here's your cue to go, "ooooooh"). Several times I blurted out, "Can't I just buy an iced tea?" If I'd known where the nearest Starbucks was, I would have left the store.   When I got to the counter and sampled a delicious iced tea, I decided to go ahead and buy half a bag of loose leaf in addition to my beverage (yes, I was suckered in by their free sample technique - they got me there). Although I explicitly told him I just wanted a small bag of tea, the sales guy repeatedly tried to upsell me again on storage tins. He was repeatedly rude, challenging me about the quality of my tins at home because "tupperware and glass just won't work" - seriously, this was a ridiculous conversation to be having. When I finally convinced him I just wanted a bag, and I saw their scoop size, I said that one scoop of tea would be plenty. A nosy saleswoman nearby said that they couldn't sell less than two scoops of tea. WHAT? I'm mad at myself that I didn't walk out then and there, but my drink was being made and I'm not a dine and dash kind of gal. The bottom line: they've earned 2 stars in my book because their tea is pretty tasty, but their service is pushy and rude, and I won't be returning to this store.
5	After a fulfilling time at Centaur Art Galleries' artist - Mark Lewis - showcase, my galpal suggested we stopped by Teavana to grab some samples - yes, I just said that! - to lessen the effect of the wine I had at the art event. So we went in and Putumayo music was playing in the background. It's a series that features music from all over the world - from Arab to Cuban to Indian to African - put together by these creative artists from France. It's just the right type of ambiance you may need if ever you plan a tea party at home or just decide to chill by the balcony sipping some tea. My favorite Teavana flavor is a white tea mix - Youthberry Wild Orange Blossom. They give out samples of these right in front of the store so be sure to grab some if you pass by. Not only does it taste good, but it also garners a lot of benefits for the health conscious with elements that help increase metabolism, it also contains a lot of antioxidants  (catechins) that sweep up free radicals (they're the insiduous rats that wreak havoc in your body damaging DNA), promotes healthy skin, teeth and gums etc. And if you happen to be around the mall during closing time like we did, try your luck at this. We enthusiastically sampled a number of the tea products because they were pretty expensive for us to buy right now and the staff saw how much we were into it so they gave us cups and had us fill them in with whatever tea we wanted for free!
4	Huge selection, fast service, friendly staff.
3	Smells sooo good in here. All the teas they're sampling are a little too sweet.
1	The only reason why  don't give this place a zero is because it introduces people to a variety of loose leaf tea (I'm not just some typical reviewer I am a proud tea enthusiast for 15 years) Now that I have the positives covered. Allow me to explain why this place is horrid!First off, those "sample teas" are put in containers that aren't very clean and have  Those are rigged to taste better. If you buy it, and bring it home yourself 9/10 you will be disappointed. These prices are insane! I've found the exact same if not better teas in China town and saved tons of money.It's a massive rip off! MASSIVE.RIP.OFF!The sales team are trained to lie but, not trained to understand tea. All they know is "upsale,upsale,upsale"  Its not their fault they were trained in such deceptive and unscrupulous ways.If you call to complain or ask about a refund they will delay, bargain, and just play dumb with you until you drop your desire for a refund. They do that infamous "overfill act" You go in and ask for $10 of whatever and then "spill" you're bag with $25 worth it. You'd think after scooping teas all day you'd start to get a feel for how much $10 is. Those dried fruits make it smell nice but, get stale and take the flavor of the tea with it! Thos paper bags almost ensure that by the time you brew your purchase it will already be stale and tasteless.The tea pots "oh cast iron is good because its a tea patina the more you use it the more healthier it gets" That's like saying the more petroleum residue in your gas tank the more mileage you'll get. Give me a break!  If you believe that then I got a real sweet deal on ocean front property in Oklahoma for you. Those overpriced tea tins are a straight up scam. Just google loose leaf tea and you'll find some many vendors of loose leaf tea that also sell tea tins that are considerably cheaper even with shipping costs. you'll also find that an empty, aired out coffee can can do the EXACT SAME THING and get more space for it.Don't get me wrong here. I know a company depends on marketing and sales pitches but, this company takes it to the extreme. Its preying on the naive to make money. There are dozens if not hundreds of other hard working vendors out there that sell quality tea at a reasonable price and they earn their profits by hard work and integrity unlike this place that uses fancy imagery and chicanery to swindle hundreds of dollars from the uninformed.  I could go on all day about how teavana is a scam but, I think this will suffice.If you want to know more message me over here and I talk with anybody willing to listen.Las Vegas is a sunny place for shady people and I've met and seen lots of shady businesses and people but, the management and practices of this place make Wal-Mart look like a mom and pop kind of place.  Save your money and time.(parking here ain't easy)AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
4	I enjoy the occasional cup of tea so when I do I prefer to enjoy the best tea I can possibly afford. Teavana is more than a store for purchasing tea it is a tea experience. From the free sample to the constant wafting from the counter staff I find the experience pleasurable and educational. Thus far Strawberry Rose Champagne is my favorite or maybe its my favorite because it reminds me of a beautiful woman named Maggie whom I adore so, when I steep this tea and especially when I enjoy it by the pool, in the warm desert sun, with a delicious cigar it brings a smile to my face for a few hours.
1	Just what I need, a snotty clerk who's been to the Teavana sales training course and now wants to play tea guru for the tourists.  I stopped into this particular Teavana because i had bought a cheap teapot with an interesting way to brew the tea, and I wanted to see if I could find something similar but of better quality.  I explained it to the first cleark to approach me and she had no idea what I was talking about.  She deferred to the other clerk who apparently considers herself the Mayor of Teaville.  As I started to explain what I was looking for, she cut me off and said, "we only sell loose leaf teas and these typed of pots" as she motioned ot the pots on the shelves.  At that point, I had already had enough of her abrasive demeanor, so I said "o.k., thanks," and turned to leave.  As I was walking away, but still clearly in earshot, the Mayor of Teaville said rather loudly to the other clerk, "I knew he wasn't going to buy anything."Actually, I was...but won't now.  I like tea because I find it relaxing...Teavana has done an excellent job af taking away the relaxation aspect.
5	Been in several times. Friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about their products. Nick, one of the baristas (??) was especially helpful with recommendations for green teas. Unsure if they call the tea folks baristas..
1	I love this place, but today they deserve ZERO stars. I only gave them one because obviously you have to. The big fat ass redhead chic (who unfortunately is the manager) was so rude! She looked at me and I asked her if there was one register open and she proceeded to continue her conversation with her co-worker ( a short butchy girl with spiky hair and tattoos). I was ready to walk out until this guy offered to help me. I guess these days it is more important to tap about NON-WORK RELATED issues instead of assisting the customer. Makes sense why the idiots got my order WRONG because she "only heard" what she "thought" I said. I realize it's the mall and all, but if they want to play, they should quit work because it is a business, not the playground. I only advise customers to get assistance from someone else in the store.
2	My mother and I went into the Fashion Show location to purchase some tea and inquire about teapots. My 48oz Bee House teapot, purchased there several years ago, was starting to look very "well-loved".  After we made our tea selection, we asked the sales associate if they carried that size.  She responded, condescendingly, that using such a large teapot was not the "proper" way to brew tea and went on to educate us poor hayseeds in the correct manner in which tea should be brewed. The experience left us with a very bad taste in our mouths, which had nothing to do with the tea!  I will continue to patronize Teavana's other location at Town Square, where the staff is always friendly and I've never had a problem.
5	The most variety of Tea anywhere I have ever seen before.  The best of the best when it comes to selection: staff knows their information about the Teas.  A great place for tea, the only downfall is that it is very expensive.
1	I usually love Teavana but I just realized my card was charged twice and now I can't get ahold of anyone to get this charge off my card. Really inconveniencing when you can't get someone to answer the damn phone!
2	As I got more knowledgeable on where to source teas I found that Teavana has been a bit more on the costly side. I guess considering its a store front compared to some companies that deal online or through supplying boutiques/natural grocers it's a bit understandable. I go for more flavored type teas here and buy some of the finer varieties elsewhere as the quality has also been better on those for the price (IE jasmine pearls which I love). I still like that Teavana introduces a lot of people to loose leaf tea as it's accessible to most and has variety.The thing that changed my mind about this place is the attitude of the customer service. It's friggin tea being sold at a skeevy used car sales upsell and high pressure. They make commission but that shouldn't make service suffer to try to get more sales. I've been in sales jobs with quotas and making a person feel they are being squeezed isn't the way to go. I want two ounces of this tea. "Is 3.8 ounces okay?" NO. That's double what I asked for. If I like it, I'll come back. I just want a small quantity of new teas. Even if I'm buying a few items and said there is nothing else, they still are relentless. Do you need a tea maker? What about mugs? A travel cup? Sugar? Honey sticks? Tea bags? Would you buy my soul? This isn't a isolated incident. It's happened a few times I've been in and my visits get less because of it. My fiance has complained about this the past few times he's been to this location and other locations. I drink tea daily so I could be a really good customer if I was just treated as not dollar signs and sales quota. I think I can live without setting foot in Teavana from now on. There's a wonderful mom and pop tea shop on the SE side of town and a few online purveyors to fill my needs.
5	Bree was so helpful and delightful, great customer service!!!! We will totally be back! So much knowledge about tea and went above and beyond for us!
