2	The New Times had Karaoke listed for The Derby one boring Wednesday, so I thought I'd try someplace new. I drove over to an empty parking lot, lol, annnnnd I left. This little game went on a few more times (-1) til one Friday there was 1 car and 2 trucks, so, I went in. Hey and it's Karaoke night, not that I sing, I'm more in it for the chuckle at the silver hairs doing ol' blue eyes. It's a long place with tables and a bar. O and the standard outdoor smoking patio, 2 pool tables, jukebox, video games, table service, a bartender and a kitchen. I overheard the owner(Rich?) bragging his wings were better than Streets of New York, but I'd never had either to know. The Derby plays early on my Friday crawl that usually ends at the Timeout or Monkeypants. They have a decent selection of beer, even tho I usually get Fat Tire or Blue Moon, which are both on tap. The people there are nice enough, but I find that I usually just watch UFC on one of the many TVs as I drain my small pitcher and then push off to the next watering hole.My only real beef is one time I  ordered a small pitcher of Blue Moon and it was totally skunked. I let the bartender know and asked if I could have something else. She said NO, and that no one else had complained. I had just come from 2 other bars drinking Blue Moon, It tasted like cider here and thats not how it tastes at all. The owner came over and questioned me. My only response was "Hey, some customer service will cost you 2 bux right now, pretty cheap compared to what I can spend". I mean, they weren't going to give me fresh beer? (-2)
2	This place is hillarious. It is located right near my house, in an area that seems vacant, as previously mentioned. The only reason we go here, ever, is because it is conveniently located. The brew is cheap (as it should be), and the staff is ok I guess. At one point, the female bartender challenged my friend to a chugging contest (she won). I'm pretty sure this would be a good place to pick up a hooker, if you wanted to do so. So if you would like to have some brews and play pool with low-life scumbags in a lower-rung environment, I would recommend it. Its a good laugh.
