5	Great Customer Service.
1	Went to Rancho & Bonanza location, Beware! Guy name Juan R. Is the one who helped us set up our account. And we do know that we have to pay a deposit, so hubby and i brought $100 with us, our only money that day. He set up our account, took all our infos, and set up an installation day. We came in that day Thursday, August 30, 2012. Juan told us we have to wait til tuesday cause its holiday, labor wknds etc. since our deposit is only $50, hubby and i decided to pay upfront that same day. Juan raised up the $100 bill, hubby makin joke that we just made it, lol. Juan R. Was nice and did good service til tuesday. Tuesday came, we have appt for cable guy from 1-3, we waited and waited and no ne showed up, so i called up cox. They told me cable guy didnt come b ause there was no deposit made, tht they never received any type of payment. We have no proof cause juan never gave us a receipt on thursday, but he sure gave us our new home phne number, cause we signed up for a bundle package. We went to same location, and saw Juan. We told him the situation, and he said he does remember me and my hubby but he never got any money from us. Hubby told him we gave him $100, what did he do with our $50?! Juan jokingly told us that he pocketed it and bought himself a lunch. It not even funny:( it hyrts me alot cause hubby n i went there thurs in person, its our only money that day, paid our deposit and told us thy never received it. They made us look like a liar. Hubby n i are not the hard customers type. We are very respectful, and easy on people, we treat others the way we wanted to be treated. So manager of the store named Betty, told us Juan's last transaction was 2:06 pm, we were there after 2pm til 3 ish... How did that happen?! Hubby talked to manager nicely, surveillance is our only proof that we were there and we made payment for our deposit. Juan gave us $50 back from our $100, hubby lifted $20 on light, jokingly sayin that hes makin juan's $20 bill is real too. Juan was laughing too, jokingly told us that he just made them too. We will never forget that. Only God knows the truth, we were there and we did pay our deposit. Manager said she'll request the surveillance and that she will call us the next day. Well we never heard from them. Theyre thief! They just stole $50 from us. Hubby n i lost $50, god will take care of them. Who knows they will lost something too. I do believe in kama. Who knows they might lost their jobs, home, etc..only god knows. Just be careful out there. Hard to trust people these days. Hubby n i are easy people, so we dropped the prob n moved on, paid cox another $50 so we can have our internet on... Life goes on.
5	A trip to the cable store...sounds miserable. I recently switched my service from Cox because I'm a soccer fanatic and I need Fox Soccer Channel in HD. Petty? Sure, but it's one of three channels I watch. I promptly cancelled my service (which was surprisingly easy to do) and was told to drop off my box at any of their storefronts. Uh oh. My vision of this place was some dark, dingy hut (as it was with my cable company in NY) where you wait in line forever and then you get nailed with hundreds of dollars in fees. This was NOT the case...I walked in at 5:50 (it closes at 6) and not only was I not turned away, I was out of there in 10 min. FTW! The place was sooo much different than I thought. It looks like a wireless store (as they were selling wireless products) and the smooth check-in process (type your name into a computer) allows you to check out rando gadgets while you wait, instead of standing in line with a bag o cable boxes. Tip: Rancho gets CLOGGED with traffic. Avoid after 5pm
4	After reading Drew's review I remembered that I have been meaning to cancel my cable. I tried cancelling online but they instructed me to call directly. I figured since I had to drop off the box thingy, I might as well cancel in person. I came to this location about 3 years ago to rent the box and I remember it took FOREVER for someone to see me. Wow, has it changed. It is now nice and bright, and designed like a cell phone store. Instead of taking a number at the front, you provide your name and what you have come in for and then they call out your name. It took less than 2 minutes for me to be called. Once I arrived at the cashier I explained I wanted to return the box and cancel my cable. They guy said, ok no problem! I just had to sign a receipt and I was done! In and out in less than 5 minutes, awesome!
1	I would give them less if I could this location and cable company is garbage they don't care about wasting your time at all I waited 12 hours at my house waiting 4 hours they didn't even show up or call then after that 2 hours on the phone and 3hours at the rancho station what the heck is up with this how are the still in business really
4	I went this afternoon to return my box and I was a little bothered that I had to wait 20 minutes just to return my box. anyhow when I was up the guy was very friendly and helpful. Return Tech#25239 Sorry I didn't get his name, but he has great customer service skills! awesome job! I don't want to go back, but he was awesome!
3	I'm torn on giving a three star review to Cox but I'm not sure they are quite deserving of a full four star review.  I walked in around 5:00 and the store closes at 6:00.  An hour should be more than enough time right?  Afterall I only want to upgrade my basic cable to an HD receiver box.  I like NASCAR and the season is starting soon at this time (Feb 19).  I want, no, I need Fox Sports 1 to catch all the qualifying events, Camping World Truck Series races, other pre and post race shows, etc.  So I am upgrading dog-gone-it.  Well, when I walked in at 5:00 PM I was greeting by the non-smiling faces of the dozens of other poor souls waiting to speak to a representative just like me.  Oh boy, this could take a while.  I was also greeted by a rep who is writing down names on a list for the other reps to call from in order of arrival.  Apparently the kiosk I spied to check in on a normal day was down at this time.  So I gave her my name and sat patiently to be called.  I started getting nervous as 6:00 approached.  Was I going to be escorted out before completing what I had gone in for?  I don't know.  All I do know is that nearly 45 minutes has passed and I don't know where on the list I am.  Much to my surprise I was called up very shortly thereafter.  Equally surprising was the service I got when I got to the counter.  The rep was attentive and knew exactly how to deal with my particular situation.  You see I wasn't paying Cox directly for my basic cable package.  That done is through my apartment management office and is attached to my rent.  So how does it work now that I am upgrading? Basically they give me the reciever and the package I want and charge me the difference.  Cool.  That was easy enough.  It took just a few minutes to set me up in their system and another minute for the rep to grab my receiver from the back.  And before 6:00 rolled around he escorted me to the door and wished me a good evening.  I was quite impressed with this level of customer service.  My only gripe is the system in which they call you up to the counter.  It seemed disorganized to me.  But what the hay.  At least I can watch all the NASCAR my heart desires.  That is when I'm not stuck at work.
1	I cancelled my cox service after 15 years to go to CenturyLink. Saving $100 a month over cox (phone, internet, and TV bundle). All I have to do to get away from Cox is turn in my equipment at this store. Just arrived and 38 people are in front me. All I want to do is drop this equipment off and they are going to make me wait an hour!!!!! The DMV is quicker than this place. Goodbye Cox! I will not miss you!!!! There are 9 stations and only 3 workers. I hope they go out of business!
1	the worst service provider anyone can ever deal with!!!!!!!   i hate this lying cheating stupid place.   i will never ever ever get cox again!!!!!  When returning my equipment they said i owed 300 dollars after waisting 45 minutes m 2 managers later i was right n i only owed 107??????  Customers B WARE!!!!  This company scams ppl n their system is designed to scam u so pay attention!!!!!
1	What a fvcking racket Cox is.  If you just want basic cable Internet hook-up they use every trick in the book to get you to sign up for what sounds like a good deal, but once you are entrapped by their "introductory" promo they increase the price every 2 - 3 months till you are paying an exorbitant rate.  And forget about finding out exactly what that rate is; their website is designed to confuse you with different numbers and non-existent links. I have complained to both my Clark County commissioner and to the Nevada Public Utilities Commission but both just wrote me back with "Oh sorry schmuck that's not my responsibility". Of course, Cox has such enormous political pull that they can charge anything they want and the consumer can do jack shlt about it.  Be forewarned !
2	Isabel was the friendliest sales rep I've encountered in quite some time!  Especially considering the fact she works for Cox, which in my opinion, is known for terrible service and screwy business practices...which was confirmed again to me today! Drove 25 minutes each way to bring a new cable box (less than 4 months old) in to exchange. However, they don't carry Contour boxes in the store, so I'm taking my box home now so I can wait for a tech agent to come to my house and hopefully replace the defective equipment. Things are never easy when dealing with Cox Cable. I think it's about time to really make the switch to one of the MANY other companies out there. Isabel is a star, and her personality and service abilities far exceed the rest of the Company.
2	Expand your hours! I was forced to wait and hour for service and driving down from nellis isn't the easiest trip in the world. Lunch is the only time I can make it since you guys close at 6. You do know people work during the day right?  I've had cox service before and even the tech on the phone was surprised you guys closed at 6.
1	BEWARE!!!  BEWARE!!  BEWARE!!!This company is as slimy as they come.  Signed up for their TV and Internet in Las Vegas and attempted to cancel one year later when moving out of state.  They came back and told me I had a (2) year contract and would have to pay $100 early termination.  Cox failed to mention that 2 year commitment when I signed up nor did they have me authorize or sign off on.  They stated it was on my billing statements, the ones we never saw because we were on auto pay.  To make matters worse, we had ongoing issues with TV and Internet.  The Internet was fast but the latency (quality) was horrible.  Non stop problems with DVR and the TV interface was pathetic.  Can't wait to cut the cord with scam artist like this! Stay away.Todd
