5	Yum!  We had the Prosciutto pizza here and it was delicious.  Our waiter was very friendly (and attractive).  The price for a medium-sized pizza was pretty good ($13-18) and we had plenty to eat.  The prices for wine were decent as well.  This is a nice place to go for a gourmet pizza and get a lot of bang for your buck.  Also, it is decorated very funky and cool, which is fitting for the Village/Latin Quarter area of Montreal.
4	My trip was interesting to say the least.  I ordered the Creole pie and my friend ordered the Seafood pizza.  The food arrived and looked amazing and did taste good for a gourmet pizza.  However upon leaving the restaurant, my friend didn't feel so well.  I am not sure if it was the pizza or if he was sick, but ended up being sick the entire night.I'm sure the food is good, after all I had the Creole pie and was completely yummy and will return here again.  I am however reluctant to order the Seafood pizza.
4	Sunny tables, sublime music , great food and good service...Great for people-watching, good wine list too!Staff very patient with me practicing my rusty FrancaisFree wifi spot if you register too!
2	The conference folks picked this place for the gay dinner. It's basically a step or two above Pizza Hut.  Waiter was nice and very cute.  They all seem to be very nice here in Montreal compared to the USA, I have to admit.
4	Nice place among the many restaurants on Saint Catherine's. The pizza was good and the waiters were friendly. Also the price was very reasonable. Comparable to places like California Pizza in the US.
1	i ordered delivery from here recently. i assumed that an $18 basic cheese pizza would have high quality ingredients, but this was not the case. there was absolutely nothing about it that could justify the price...i've had better for under $12 elsewhere, so that was disappointment #1.#2 was their bruschetta. i HOPE it was just a mix up, but the bruschetta had parsley on it???? and no basil. so basically it was just sloppily diced tomatoes, parsley, and a negligible amount of garlic and olive oil on untoasted white bread: i.e. not something i would ever purposely order.
