3	Supercuts is where you go when you need a quick cheap haircut. Lately I have been visiting them more often because they are cheap and I can usually get in as a walk-in with no problem.Remember you do get what you pay for though.
4	Okay, who writes a review on a mundane chain of hair cutting places? With Yelp, you're supposed to share your unique finds, those places that don't necessarily have a national ad campaign budget, right?  Well, Greg and Bob at this Supercuts location can cut a flat top pretty well, better than other places I've been to and not come out looking like a rounded poof ball for hair, or the hairstylist trying to hide their wincing  when they mess up and then take an extra 10 minutes "fixing " it. Hello, there's a huge mirror in front of me so I can see that look on your face! =-) I prefer a  0 guide faded on the sides, high and tight to the crown,square back, side burns off  and Bob and Greg don't have to use that giant "flat topper" comb that most use but still don't get it right. They just use the previously cut hair as a guide with a fine black comb and a keen eye.  Yes, I get excited when I find a place that can do a flat top that's not on a military base.  So, yes, I guess even though it's Supercuts, the talent of these two guys to get a flat top right is worth sharing.
1	I just left here disappointed in their customer service, or lack thereof. I walked in the door and all 3 stylist were with clients. No problem. I sat down to wait.  Within minutes one of the stylists was done. She smiled at me and said hi but that was it. Another stylist walked in off her break I presumed. I watched her get her station ready. Then both stylist just wondered around the room chatting to each other. I was never helped. Never asked if i needed anything. After waiting for 15 minutes i got up and left. No one even noticed.
5	I came across this location by accident, but I'm glad I found it. I'm always hesitant when it comes to the first time I have my haircut, but Emily put me at ease when I sat down. We made casual conversation and she knew what she was doing. I had given her a picture to go by since my sides are what always gets messed up. She did it perfectly that time, so I have gone back numerous times now. All the staff are friendly and go above and beyond. I highly recommend this location whether you want something standard or avant garde, they can do it.
1	Don't go! Left with a bloody ear and cut on the other side of my head. Ive gone 2 times and both times was told they were too busy to add me to their system and it would be 45 mins.  Both times only one other peron there, too lazy and not the brightest group working there.
5	Okay soo i decided to choose this supercuts to get my haircut at because the last time i got a haircut they did a great job. This time i was a little nervous because i made the decision to cut off all of my hair. (meaning pixie cut) And i didnt have the money to go to a fancy salon when i knew that supercuts would do an equally great job if not better than a salon that would cost 30 just for a haircut. Anyways i went as soon as they opened and was sat in a chair immediately!! Emily, who is the manager i believe cut my hair. And she did such an amazing job. I showed her pictures and described exactly what i wanted and she did just that. I am more than happy with my experience. I definitely recommend getting your haircut here!
5	Just walked in and Wendy waited on me. She gave me a very nice cut after listening to what I was asking her. She took the time to ask me what I wanted done and talked with me throughout the cut. She was very pleasant. The store was very clean. I would recommend Wend to anyone. It was a nice experience.
