4	We stopped by here Sunday evening and were the only folks there.  Simple clean place in a small strip center with about 7 tables inside.  We were able to get our food ordered quickly and split a Caprese Salad while waiting for our order for fish, shrimp and chips.  The food arrived promptly and was very good.  Breading was crunchy  and the cod was tasty. Next time in I will be sure to try some of their Italian food!
2	This place used to be a purely fish and chips and it'snow developed a confused identity as an italian restaurant although they still serve fish and have a few italian dishes. Go figure. The fish and shrimp were so much better when it was only a fish and chips place that for me it was the "it" place for fish and chips. Now they seem to be straight out of a box and into the deep fryer. You're better off going to the market and buying some fish sticks. On top of everything, a teenage cashier got upset because I changed my order and actually sighed and rolled his eyes at me. The place itself is depressing and the only sign of life is a t.v. hung on the wall with the volume turned loud. Sad to say this, but Italian Spoon is officially on my "never again list".
2	We ordered food for delivery through GrubHub and everything was going smoothly. We got a call when the delivery guy got to our apartments, he couldn't find the place so my wife went outside to find him. Upon finding him she proceeded to hand her the food over the fence because the gate was locked, this would have been ok but he began by just handing her the big bag and 2 drinks all at once. Once again, this would have been ok but he wasn't polite and didn't seem to care that she was in process of dropping a drink while he forced the bag into her face. We let that go, went inside to enjoy our meal. Immediately we saw that the ranch dressing for the fried zucchini wasn't in the bag. The item specifically stated it came with ranch, who can eat them without ranch anyways? Now I try not to keep ranch in the house because it's so unhealthy, so we quickly called the restaurant(trying to have them catch him before he was out of the neighborhood) and they said they would contact him. We received a call back saying that the drive "can't make it" back. The man on the phone then proceeded to say that he would call him again to see if he can do it on another delivery. He called us again to say that driver would NOT return because it is too far    -_- If you google maps it from my home to the restaurant, it takes 5 minutes... FIVE minutes! Are you kidding me? Too far? I gave you a 5 dollar tip and you can't stop and drop off some ranch? Seriously? Terrible customer service. They asked if they could "hook us up" next time. And to that I say WHAT NEXT TIME? I chose delivery for a reason, I cannot just go out pick up some ranch seeing as I don't have a car. This completely ruined our meal plans as we had to sit and play phone tag, hoping the delivery guy would be bring us what we should have been brought. We asked for a refund and they still wanted to "hook us up", we insisted on a refund. In the end we had to get it from GrubHub but we got it. We asked for a manger and were told he would be in later. We left a message for him to call us back and we still have not got a return message. For future diners, if you're getting delivery, I'd tip in cash so you know what kind of service you're actually paying for. That jerk didn't deserve my tip if I'm not worth his time. It's unfortunate because I REALLY enjoyed the food, we both got the shrimp & chips and they were delicious. They won't be retaining many customers with that level of service.
5	I LOVE this place. This is my go-to place for delivery. They ALWAYS deliver in a timely matter and the food is so good! Seriously people if you don't have time to cook, running late, wanting to try something new and good this is your place.
5	Delicious fish and chips. Always get a order of chicken cutlet to go along with it. Great food. Delivery is pretty impressive and the food is always warm and fresh. Can't beat the prices either. If you haven't tried it make sure you stop by
2	I ordered from Italian Spoon online through GrubHub.  The price was a little much, particularly given what I received, but the food wasn't bad.My partner and I both ordered ravioli....  Each of the ravioli was about the size of the palm of my hand.  We were served maybe 6 or 7 each, in a red marinara sauce slathered with melted cheese.  It would have been better if I had garlic bread, but I was unable to locate an option to order it online.We also had salad....  It was a typical salad - lettuce, tomato, cucumber.  All in all, pretty good.  Except for whatever odd herbs were tossed atop it to give it a funky aftertaste.  That, I could have done without.If you're in a rush, too lazy to cook... whatever the case may be, Italian Spoon will do in a pinch.
5	Great yummy food!! Had my meeting catered. Bomb gyro's!! Cost was really cheap! My employees love the cod fish and the salad. I had I baked ziti ... Fresh food I love it!
5	Yum yum yum yummmmmm....Ordered delivery,  and was happy when it showed up early.  I ordered a Philly cheese steak and a Ceasar salad.The Philly was soooooo yummy.  The steak was very good,  and the onions and peppers were cooked perfectly. The salad was fresh and big for the price.  The one thing that was interesting was the salad dressing. The salad was soo big that it came with two Ceasar dressings. One was thick and creamy and the other was very runny. No big deal. I only needed one. 5 stars because the food was soo good I couldn't stop eating until it was all gone.  The inconsistency of the salad dressing was no biggie.  I would eat here again.
