4	I wouldn't quite call my 2 experiences at Tempting Tattie a case of hit and miss, but after my frankly tremendous first baked potato, I was a bit miffed that the second wasn't so much tempting as vomit-inducing.I'll start with the good one. Unbelievably fluffy inside, cooked to perfection with crispy skin, and with a generous helping of (admittedly a bit rubbery) cheddar on the inside. Five stars all the way.On visit number two, I opted to be a bit aventurous and put a bit of haggis into the mix. Now haggis doesn't look the most attractive at the best of times, but this tattie quite literally looked liked a dog had been sick on it. It didn't taste too horrific, but it's perhaps telling that since this menu mis-step I've never felt tempted to return.that's what you get for mixing haggis and cheddar cheese. Once the memory of that schoolboy error fades, I'll gladly give Tempting Tattie another go.
5	The smell of this baked potato shop drives me crazy. You know how some people say that oysters is an aphrodisiac? I would argue that the smells wafting out of Tempting Tattie would weaken the knees of the most upstanding gentleman/lady.They have a great selection of fillings - everything you would expect from a baked potato shop. The potatoes themselves are nothing short of perfect - exactly how a tattie should be. I loved the tuna mayo and sweetcorn, it's really chilled and so works well with the steamy potato. My friend just had cheese and she said it was the best baked potato she'd ever had.
3	Gavin's got this one right, the cheese is that cheap stuff that all cafes usually use for toasties. Melted, it's fine, un-melted you'd be safer chewing on a sock.One detail that usually wouldn't be a problem in any other take away, but cheese holds everything together in a good baked potato. A good cheese might have made up for dodgy haggis Gavin had.
4	Let me just tell you, Stuart is a fusspot with cheese. He tends to boycott some flavours, to the point where I once made him a cheese toastie for breakfast (last week), and he sent it back (because I used Kraft cheese slices).So don't listen to the cheesy lies! I quite liked the cheese in here - it's not as bad as all that, and it melts nicely. There are some good old fashioned baked potato toppings you can get, including tuna, sweetcorn and some Scottish haggis that the tourists will go nuts over. While I always opt for minimal fillings, I always appreciate how well the potatoes are made in here. They crumble in your mouth like yer gran made them. Lovely stuff. As Stephanie said your nostrils will lead the way, since this place smells delectable from around the block!
3	CheeseCheese & beansCheese & coleslawTuna & sweetcornVeggie chilliMeat chillior Haggis?Whilst I'm a big fan of Tempting Tattie, I have to admit I usually steer clear of most of the flavour combinations and opt for a small or medium spud with simple butter, salt and pepper. I couldn't eat haggis if you paid me and the cheese that TT serve is so flurescent and cheap looking it hurts my eyes, nevermind my tastebuds. Still, the tatties themselves are pretty good!
4	Cheap, basic, filling, good.But jesus don't get a medium. It's enough food to choke a hungry hungyr hippo. It was 2 quite sizeable potatoes.I'm honestly not so sold on putting some of those things (tuna & sweetcorn? really?) in a potato, but you can get just about anything in a potato. And nothing else. And it's cheap, filling, and you can get a nice pint down the Waverley, a minutes'  walk away. Yay.
