5	Lovelovelove the permanent eyeliner I had done by Britney!Came out beautiful first time around, then with the free touch up 2 weeks later,I couldn't be more thrilled!!I've had my eyeliner done before- years ago- and the experience was nowhere near the same!  The method Britney and her mom, Anita use is virtually painless compared to my last experience!  I had downtime after the previous treatment, but after Britney, I could go anywhere and do anything.  Didn't look or feel 'beat up' and swollen like the time before.They share their office, which has a great atmosphere.  It is a beautiful space, and they have a respectful, loving rapport with eachother.I would highly recommend them to anybody!!
5	Anita es the best make up artist that I have meet, she is nice, patient, lay back and have a very good customer service. Her work is well done. The only one that I would ever go with.
5	The best in town.  I have had Anita Smith do my lips, brows, and eyeliner since I moved here 11 years ago.  It's so natural, no one ever guesses that I had "help" looking good.  Anita is passionate about her work in every way and is constantly educating and seeing the best in products.  You cannot find anyone better.
5	I have had my eyebrows done with Britney and she did an excellent job!  Very professional, patient and sensitive to my needs.  I was very nervous at first but I am 100% happy.  Only one I would ever go to.
5	I had my eyeliner done and just could not be happier. Britney was always asking how I was doing,  no pain is always the best way to go. I will be getting my brows done next, can't wait.
5	This place is fabulous! I had the best experience here with Britney and Anita. It was like going to visit my girlfriends for the afternoon. The office was lovely and so clean! I felt right at home as soon as I walked in. I was able to ask as many questions as I needed before I felt comfortable and happy with just the right color for my lips. I absolutely LOVE my results. I certainly recommend Permanent Makeup Masters to anyone who is looking for professional and highly-skilled permanent makeup artists.
