3	I'm a little surprised that no one else Yelping in this area has stumbled upon ZBA, especially considering that there isn't really much else like it in the 28105.  Looks like it's up to me to get things started!ZBA is a little international grocery right on the corner of Independence and Sam Newell in Matthews. As I said, it's pretty unique for the area.  It's small but there's a lot of stuff packed into it.  The majority of what ZBA carries is Middle Eastern (of the Sadaf brand), but there's a random smattering of European and Asian items, as well as some pretty mundane items such as Coke, toiletries, and auto supplies (!).I struggled with myself over whether ZBA deserved 3 stars or 4 stars.  On one hand, the prices are good (usually, but not always, cheaper that Harris Teeter's ethnic section), and the owner is truly friendly and helpful.  On the other hand, the stock is kind of haphazard and unfocused.   I think ZBA would greatly benefit from concentrating in one area and discarding the American and non-food items.  After all, it is sandwiched between the Matthews and North Sardis HTs, with a Pep Boys and Sams Club on either side of the road as well.  This space could be used to carry a wider range of the unique items that one can't really get elsewhere in Matthews.However--and please heed this part of my review if no other--ZBA is worth a trip if only for the GREAT prices on their wide variety of dried spices.  Seriously.  You can get  good-sized bags of spices for as little as 99 cents each.  The deals are so good that ZBA has become my first stop whenever I need to replenish my spice rack or need something for a new culinary endeavor.  Their tahini is also sold for significantly less than you'll find it at a generic supermarket.  Drop by and give ZBA a chance.  They do have some truly good deals, despite the clutter.  And hey, you could always pick up some Armor All with that tub of tumeric.
5	I am so excited that I found this place!Having married into the Persian culture, I'm thrilled to find this sweet little grocery with a primary focus on Persian food.  I think it's the only one of its kind in the Charlotte area--all the others are generic middle eastern places, catering to a wide variety of patrons.  But ZBA has really great Persian foodstuffs.The lavash is fresh and is to die for--some of the best I've had.  Even some of the best my Persian husband and father-in-law have had!Barbari bread is great--frozen, but very tasty. Very fresh herbs, lots of Sadaf brands, smoked whitefish (a must-have for Norouz), Persian ice cream (never had it? It's a must!), fruit roll-up treats, dough (yogurt beverage), various cookies and other sweets, and on and on.I needed pomegranate molasses (rob-e-anar), and was thrilled to see 5 or 6 different kinds to choose from.  I'm lucky if I find even one very old bottle in a generic middle eastern shop.I was there just last week, and am already planning a trip (it's a bit of a hike for me) Saturday to stock back up on the treats we already devoured.The owner, Mansour, is really great and very helpful.  I'm hoping to convince him to carry some produce, like sweet lemons and such, on a regular basis.  (Hint hint hint.)
4	Compared to the size of the store this place has a large Tea section!  Grapeseed Oil, Olive Oil and much more that I did not look at!  The owner was very friendly and helpful.  Cardamom TEA! !! !!!
1	Alas....it's out of business.  I just drove several miles to find it.  Anyone know of another one?
4	I love this store! It's one of my favorites in Chicagoland. Better prices for fish, soy, and oils than regular stores. I feel so lucky to have this ZBA International Grocery in my neck of the woods!
