5	Came in for a new look, walked away with a slicked back part straight out of the 50's. Never had a better-fitting haircut. Best part was the straight razor shave finish on the neck. Hell of a deal for only $15.
5	This place is awesome! Jimmy is a real cool dude. This is the cleanest haircut I've had in a while. I highly recommend this barbershop.
5	After years of going from one haircut chain to another, I have found a perfect local place. James is awesome! The shop is comfortable and clean. The 50's decor is worth stopping by just to have a look. I love sitting and getting a cut while looking out at the palm trees outside. For the first time, I look forward on getting a hair cut. You can really tell this is a dream come true for James and he takes great pride in what he does. I'm telling everyone I know about his place!
5	Here's the "411" on Jimmy's Barbershop:  It is a real, honest-to-goodness, no phony baloney man's barbershop,  run by a real, honest-to-goodness barber who knows his stuff.  Best haircut I've had in years.  Not over-amped.  Low key "man's place".  No dodging curling irons, none of that stuff that bothers you when all you want is a haircut, not a "style".
5	Awesome experience! My husband, 6 year old and 2 year old all got the best haircuts. It was my 2 year olds first haircut and Jimmy and his wife made it magical. Could not ask for a better neighborhood barber!
5	Great price and great service.  Would recommend to everybody.  Same price as those haircut chains but much better haircut and you finish with a straight razor shave on the neckline. Just moved over to this side of town and Jimmy gives the best old school business cut.
5	Went up to see what Jimmy's was about and found a barber for life.. Great guy and awesome cut. The nostalgia and the back east feel was perfect.. Jimmy is a great guy and if you get a chance give him a try you won't be disappointed.
5	Jimmy's is excellent!  I can't help but to describe it as "cute" although I'm sure Jimmy would prefer a more rugged and manly description.  Jimmy is currently the only barber so you'll be serviced by the owner.  He's a very friendly guy and has thrilled all of the customers I know of including my husband, father and son.  I can't personally comment on the experience; however, my dad was good as new when Jimmy finished with him.  He was sure to trim up all his overgrown old man areas including his eyebrows, nose, and ears.  He uses a straight razor on the back of the neck for a super clean and straight line.  My 1 1/2 year old son was as handsome as ever after a cut in the super cute vintage red car barber seat.  Usually, he is hysterical during a haircut but Jimmy trimmed him without a single tear shed.  He got some fun sparkly elmo stickers after and Jimmy styled him "barbershop fresh."I would recommend this place to any man, or boy or a cool spot for a fun father, son experience.  Haircuts are $15.  He charges $12 for kids and seniors.  He also does shaves and all sorts of barber shop kinds of things.
5	Yeah no more Supercuts and getting my hair cut by hairstylists who only know about trimming bangs or turning me into a carrot top. I made it a point to find a personal barber and not settle on convenience. The drive is a little further out but learning from my gal friends... you simply have to build a solid relationship with the right barber/hair stylist. Even if the first cut isn't perfect, when a barber knows your immediate preference, your head, how your hair grows etc... this allows him/her to also improve himself to best fit your needs. I learned this the hard way unfortunately. I yelped barberships and Jimmy's did come up. He was efficient and was attentive to what I needed done for my hair. For a guy I'm pretty particular with my hair since it grows so fast and I'll always need a cut every 2 weeks or so. It was a great first haircut and I know going forward with Jimmy he will always have a good grasp of how to cut me. By the way I totally dig the 50s tunes in the background. Love the old school feel of the entire barbershop and it's records laid out, retro decor and even the barber shop spinny thing to give it a nice nostalgia feel. Business is family owned and they have their little one always running around with the puppy. Just overall cool people and they also offered me water too while I was waiting. Great stuff! Would definitely come back!
5	This place is run by incredibly nice and warm people. I was offered something to drink as soon as I stepped through the door. The shop is full of memorabilia, including an adorable refrigerator! Jimmy and his wife are well traveled and very easy to talk to. They gave me some great recommendations of bars to check out in LA. I tend to avoid getting haircuts because I have longer hair on top and shorter sides and almost always end up having it cut shorter than I want. After listening to what I was going for, Jimmy went to work and I left completely satisfied with the cleanest looking haircut I've had in a long time. I will definitely be back.
5	From start to finish there's nothing that should be changed about Jimmy's barbershop. Every time I walk into Jimmy's I feel welcome. Jimmy and his family are just some of the warmest people you'll find. The fact that he's consistently given me the best haircuts I've received EVERY SINGLE time I've gone in makes me refuse to go anywhere else. You can really tell when someone loves what they do. At Jimmy's the passion is shown in the enthusiasm, the quality, and the shop itself. Give it a shot.
5	Just went in for a quick shave. Jimmy was quick and on point... Staff in there was amazing. It is an amazing establishment close to home. I will definitely keep going there Thank You for the first shave Jimmy... Much respect cheers pal...
5	The folks at Jimmy's really know how to take care of you! If you want a old school barber to give you a great cut this is the place. Usually I know what I want or think I know as in haircuts. I let Jimmy do whatever he wants cause I trust him. He knows what looks good on me! I had hoped to keep this place as my secret spot but Jimmy's too good to be kept a secret. Glad to have this place in my neighborhood!
5	My boyfriend went in today and got his cut.Haircut came out very good. Jimmy does a good job. he got a line up and a combover. Very friendly people as soon a you walk in. i would reccommend jimmys to guys looking for that good clean look. Plus they sell the sauvicito pomade my boyfriend likes.
5	This place is the real thing.  Jimmy and his wife are courteous and welcoming.  You're offered a cold beverage as you wait and the interior is set up like a traditional barber shop from the 50's.If you don't have time to wait you can make an appointment for Monday after 12p.  All other days are walk-ins.  Price is very reasonable and the haircut I received was perfect...just what I asked for.  I strongly recommend anyone looking for a great barber to give Jimmy a try.-D
5	Jimmy' is the BEST.  They are extremely friendly and Jimmy takes great pride in giving you the perfect haircut. While his haircut is wonderful at any price,  being a senior citizen the rate is $12. OUTSTANDING. The smell of talc and aftershave as well as the decor makes me feel like I've stepped back to my childhood.
5	I came in to Jimmy's hoping he could salvage my son's haircut from the previous week from a place that only charges $7.  And indeed he did.  You could tell how much pride Jimmy has in his work/art.  He took his time with my son and fixed the many mistakes the previous place/person made.  I will definitely return to Jimmy's for my son's future haircuts... & I'll be sure to listen to the advice I was given: "No more (insert salon name here)"! :)
5	Had a great experience today at Jimmy's! Great family owned business. Very welcoming and attentive. I will def be back!
5	Found Jimmy's on Yelp! and it did not disappoint, Jimmy was able to sneak me without an appointment and did an excellent job cutting my hair. Everything was on par with all of the other reviews. Even the offer of a cold bottle of water while I waited. I asked Jimmy how many barbers worked there and he said "just one, me!" That seemed strange to only have one barber until he told me why. He explained that he does not want a single person walking out of a shop with his name on the front dissatisfied,  so he prefers to do every cut personally himself. He takes pride in his work and it shows. In my opinion, you don't see that enough these days. Very relaxed and comfortable environment. Jimmy and his wife are very personable and pleasant. Not to mention very reasonably priced....... Looks like I finally found a barber!
5	Yelp, you've done it again.Stopped by 15 minutes ago to get a haircut after months of wild growth and boy, was I lucky to find this place. I strolled in looking like Chewbacca and was greeted by Jimmy and his wife. I told him what I wanted and he went to work. I didn't get to see my haircut until it was done but when he handed me the mirror I was amazed by my haircut. My hair looks crazy good and it's just how I wanted it. He's earned another regular customer in me.The place is about two blocks from where I live, the prices are more than fair, and his work is outstanding. The place has a very cool retro barbership vibe and it was spotless. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Come get your haircut at Jimmy's.
5	New place, five star service all around is a must try.thank you Jimmy.
5	My GF saw the reviews on yelp so I decided to stop by and try this place out. By far the best barbershop I have been to in Vegas. Definitely has an old school barbershop vibe with the decor and the tunes in the background.  Jimmy definitely has some skills with the hair and his wife is very inviting the moment you walk in the door. Check this place out, you will not be disappointed!
5	If you need a haircut gentlemen, do not go anywhere else but Jimmy's. He and his wife are friendly and warm. You may have to wait a bit on a Saturday morning, but sit back, read some vintage Life magazines and enjoy the atmosphere. The service is worth any wait!
5	Jimmy's the best out there!  I'm from LA but whenever I'm in Vegas I make sure to visit Jimmy's Barbershop for a cut. Highly recommended!
5	Really great experience. If I had hair I'd most definitely come here. My son needed a haircut so I checked yelp for a good one. I saw a few other ones with pretty good reviews as well but I decided to go here because I read that he's the only barber. And he keeps it that way because he doesn't want anyone to leave the shop with a bad haircut and said they came from his shop. So I brought my son here. It was a very good choice. He made him feel comfortable. He didn't rush just took his time. The barber shop itself has a really old school feel with old records playing, old school barber chairs, even down to the old school refrigerator with glass soda bottles in it. His wife helps around the shop and they're both super friendly. And the haircut, awesome. Made my boy into a man lol. Definitely a barber shop you should check out.
5	Best barber I've had in Vegas. Jimmy's the man. Good people, affordable prices, best value. I will continue to drive 30 minutes across town just to come here. Thanks again!
5	I tried this place today based on the good reviews. I was not disappointed. Amazing barber, great place, and very reasonably priced. My hair was cut exactly how I wanted it and in very little time. Jimmy has a great thing going and I'll be going back as long as I'm in Vegas.
5	I wish I had before and after pictures to put up. Jimmy is the real deal. I have had nothing but great experiences every time I go. Wish I would've found him years ago.Don't hesitate to try out his barber expertise... See ya soon Jim...UPDATE: I just went in yesterday to get you your before and after photos. Enjoy!
5	Hands down the best barber I've been to.  The wait was long but worth it.  I wasn't even sure what I wanted because my hair is thinning and I usually hide it with a baseball cap.  I trusted Jimmy's expertise and he didn't disappoint.  I looked like Ryan Gosling when I walked out!  This is the first time I've felt confident enough to walk down the street without hiding under a cap in a long time.  I will definitely be coming back here every time I need a trim.
5	Best barber around. You will love this place. It feels like the kind of place my grandfather would have gone back when he was a young man. Jimmy is a world-class barber and you will keep going back.
5	Originally, the best haircut I ever had was from a Japanese man in Alexandria, Virginia, but Jimmy far surpasses. He understands the classic men's cut and proceeds confidently. Boldly, he keeps the chair turned away from the mirror, and reveals the cut to you when it is complete. Maybe that process is unnerving at first, but the reveal does not falter.Make sure to show up early if you are short on time. The wait is long because people know the quality. Of course, you can always grab a complimentary soda or beer while you wait.
5	Read all the great reviews and decided to stop by especially since I was on this side of town. Mondays are by appointment only, and the the rest of the week are walk ins only I believe?? So book your appointment because it's ONLY him! But the wait is SO worth it.  He's quick, knows what you want just by telling him, and the dynamic of he and his wife working as his assistant is fantastic. Great 50's vibe, offers water and if you're old enough an ice cold PBR, who does that? I'd totally come back here again! Great job Jimmy!
5	All I can say is, "WOW!" This is by far the coolest, and best haircut experience I've ever had in my entire life!The Yelp reviews I read, were very accurate! I rarely rate a business with 5 Stars... Jimmy deserves 10 Stars!I normally go to the large chain places for haircuts.... I pay $15.00 for a cut, and walk out thinking, "This is not what I asked for!" I recently grew a beard, and I wanted a haircut, and to trim my beard... I wanted to try a Barber Shop. The one closest to my house charged me $30.00 just for a shave... I was very dissatisfied with... After reading Reviews on Yelp, I noticed that Jimmy had great reviews.The shopping center he's in, is very easy to enter and exit! I also liked the amount of Parking Spots. Upon entering I was a bit overwhelmed with how cool the shop is... It was like I stepped into a time machine, and wound up in the 50's! The furniture was all vintage 50's furniture. He has records from the 50's and a Vintage Record player, but the music playing was a great blend of 50's songs! He had a vintage refrigerator, where he supplies customers with complimentary beer and water. I was very impressed with the "Family Vibe" I felt while I was there. The pictures on the wall tell a story of his family background. I wasn't sure if it was his father, or grandfather who was the original Jimmy, and seemed as if he grew up in a Barber Shop... The entire family was there... He's the barber, his wife also works there, and their little boy and dog hang out at the shop!I should have tried this place sooner! Jimmy cut my hair, trimmed my beard, and gave me a great shave for only $25.00! I finally found a permanent person, to cut my hair!
5	This place was awesome. I have a 8 and 5 years old and Jimmy was really good. Their haircuts are perfect. Definitely worth the wait.
5	The atmosphere has a 50's theme which was great. The haircut was very well done, efficient, detailed, and inexpensive. There is not much else to say, I highly recommend this barber shop.
5	I can't recommend Jimmy and his awesome barbershop enough. After a lot of Great Clips butchering and mediocre haircuts I decided it was time to get a real haircut. Enter Jimmy. Great guy, very personable, friendly, and gives you exactly what you want without upsells or pressure. It has a great retro theme, the music, the signs, the wall decor, everything about the shop is welcoming and relaxing. There's only one chair and that's all he needs. I believe walk-ins are the main way to get in with appointments being one day a week only. I like this because it's first come first serve, you don't walk into an empty shop and then wait 15 minutes for a "checked in" customer to get there.Jimmy recommended me a product, however there was zero pressure to buy. That means a lot to me since other stores will just keep upselling you through the whole process and that makes you just want to get the hell outta there. In short, there's nothing else I can say that everyone else hasn't. I've found a barber for my whole life in Vegas. GREAT prices too.
5	Without question, Jimmy is the best barber I have ever been to.  In fact, I have referred 8 of my friends to him!  His shop is an amazing throwback.  Once you see it you'll know what I mean.  And his prices are low; I'd say lower than they should be! I like his cuts so much, I go every two weeks.
5	Thanks to Yelp I found Jimmy's Barbershop.What a find it was. I did have to wait for a little over an hour and a half to get in the chair. I was greeted kindly and asked if I would like a water, soda or a beer. Haircut was top notch and Jimmy and his lovely wife take appointments once a week.
4	Decided to switch up my regular spot for a while and give Jimmy and his retro decorated barbershop a few tries. I love the old school vibe, tv and machines and cool car-barber chair for the kiddos needing a chop. While I thought he did a decent job on my haircut I doubt I'll be back. I asked for a razor skin fade twice on two separate occasions and Jimmy still left some hair where there shouldn't have been. Ah well it seems like he's doing a bang up job with the other fellows on here so I'm not worried about him losing one guy. In the meantime I'll still continue to go to my regular spot in Hendertucky. 3.5 stars, rounding up.
5	This is where you go to get a good haircut for a fair price. This is where you go to support a small business owner in your community.This is where you can find a little piece of Americana in a sea of stucco and tract homes. This is where you go to meet Biscuits and maybe drink a PBR while you wait.
5	Jimmy is the real deal. Good cuts from a good guy. This is my second time going and both time I left extremely happy, not only with my haircut but with the experience as a whole. All for only $15 dollars too. Do yourself a favor and go here!
5	Upgrade your haircut! Never again will I step foot into a "whatever cuts".The price is right and my hair looks awesome! Went with a low tapered gentleman's cut with a slight combover on the front. I'm used to just using my own clippers and doing a #3 all around.Wife loves it too!Hospitality was great and the decor reminded me of my old barber shop as a kid.Get there early or you will be waiting a while. It is well worth the wait!
5	Nice local Barber Shop. The owner is very friendly takes pride and works hard to give you the best haircut. Highly reccomend. 5 stars deserves 10 Stars. Over the top service.
5	Best cut I've had. Do yourself a favor and see Jimmy. Great job. He's very attention to detail and tries to make it exactly as you requested. He takes only walk ins but totally worth the wait.
5	Got to say first time visit, and I echo all previous reviews. Jimmy keeps you entertained while he works and you wait.. prices are VERY reasonable.. I have been wanting a traditional shave for a long time and he delivered! Absolutely no reason to return to the drive thru cut n clips.. Jimmy's got a customer for life! A must visit!
5	It's tough to find a trusted barber even for that simple fade.  I try to stay away from chains.  I finally found a cool, hip barber with mad (scissors and clippers) skills - in Las Vegas.  He is also wicked good with the straight razor.  Price is super reasonable as well for the care and detail he puts into cutting your hair.It's worth the drive to Summerlin area for a cut.  This shop is small with several chairs, but I like the vibe of this shop with the cool era nostalgia, props and decor.
5	I don't usually write reviews. However, this guy is the best at what he does. He won't even hire another barber due to quality control. Service is great. Complimentary PBRs and water is available. The place has a real old school vibe. The only downside is that they are always busy! They have appointments on mondays but are booked very far in advance.
