5	A must try place! Super good food! We have lived in Mesa for 2 years, a lil upset that we didn't find this place sooner! Salsa is super yummy!
5	I don't know why it has taken so long for me to write a review of Carbajal's as this is what I do.  I have been a patron of all of their locations since before the fire ruined them on Sossaman and Main, they then moved to the tiny location on SIgnal Butte and Baseline (where I understand the owner of the property was a crazy old bat)  and they then retuned to the newer location on Sossaman and Main West of Denim and Diamonds.  The owner is from Sonora originally and all of the menu has not changed despite the change in locations.  It is our go-to place for truly excellent Mexican fare.  We have never had a bad meal here, indeed, this is where my husband and I had our first date.  The margaritias are served in short glasses, but flavored with Mexican limes and homemade mixer.  The salsa is some of the freshest, most flavorful that can be found here.  The cheese crisps (you have to order the cheese quisidilla open faced) are wonderful with fresh flour tortillas and a flavorful mix of cheeses perfectly melted.       Some of our favorites are the chile rellenos with green chile pork on top.  It is a poblano chile stuffed with white cheese, rolled in egg batter and fried crisp with a wonderful ladle of green chile meat over the top.  With that come the refried beans that have a wonderful smoky taste of chile and bacon that are as smooth as a legume pudding.  The rice is cooked in chicken stock with sofrito, tomato, chile and pepper to give it a wonderful, homey flair.  They also have wonderful shredded beef tacos that are crisp and juicy and I always have to take at least one home with me, because they are just as good and flavorful 2 days later.   Everyone on staff is so very sweet and attentive.  They also do take-out and will make things to order with not a blink of an eye.  This is absolutely one of the best Mexican restaurants in Arizona and we are so greatful that they are in Mesa!
4	Very, very good mexican food.
3	Went here because my father n law wanted Mexican food. We were in the area, so why not try it. Food was great but way over priced. Don't think I'll be going here again.
1	Horrible place! Way too expensive. And way too tiny of portions. It's a sit down restaurant that's not tailored for take out. They charge double than most fast good Mexican restaurants but they're 3 times as expensive. Just a horrible place. I hope these people either lower their prices, give bigger portions, or go out of business. You choose...
