4	An "old fashioned" comedy club, the Riv offers talented comedians in a club atmosphere that looks like it hasn't been updated since the Johnson Administration.  The Riv loses a star for the uncomfortable chairs- surely, these antiques violate the Geneva Convention!
5	OH.. MY.. GOODNESS, I THINK I ALMOST PEED IN MY PANTS!We got free show tickets when we booked our room and didn't know what to expect but hey, it's conveniently located on the first floor of our hotel, has a bar, and it was free.. What's there NOT to love? And yes, the show itself isn't half bad either. I LITERALLY HAD TEARS STREAMING DOWN MY FACE (even though I tried to hide it). My anthem whenever I go to Vegas or a trip anywhere actually is: "So you fancy huh... nails done, hair done, everything big" even for a simple trip to the casino, buffet or your neighborhood Walgreens. BUT being pregnant and not feeling very party-animal-like that day, it was one of the few places in Vegas I felt comfortable about being low-key, where everyone can just have a good time and not have to worry about dressing up, no tension in the air from drunks or things getting too "out of control because it's Vegas". The club is not ritzy by any means so it's probably not a place for the snobbiest of us but I LOVED IT. I wouldn't shell out a lot of loot for this place but the tixx are cheap so it's worth a shot.
4	The Comedy Club now bills itself as "Sandy Hackett presents the Riviera COmedy Club."  I went last night and Hackett started the comedy after having just finished his 1st floor gig with the Rat Pack Show he runs.This club closed for a short time, but is now up and running again.  Judging by the turnout last night and the talent of the comedians, the club should be OK as long as tourist numbers keep rising.I'll go back and see another show.  It was quite good!  And last night was only the 3rd night since the club was reopened.
4	I was quite pleasantly surprised by this place. You never know what you're going to get with comedy in this town, but this place is great!We came here with some of my fella's family from out of town and they had a great experience. I was just crossing my fingers for funny, but these two comedians had the crowd roaring with laughter. A great time was had by all. Great service to boot. The lady at the door was very pleasant and kind and made chit chat with us as we waited for the rest of our party to arrive, When they still hadn't arrived a few minutes later, she said she'd seat us and assured us that she'd bring the rest of our party to our table when they arrived, and she did. I highly recommend The Riviera Comedy Club for some old-school comedy.
3	We got discount tickets here from Tix 4 Less.  But from the looks of this club, I'm guessing you can probably find free tickets somewhere - especially on a weeknight.We came on a Monday night (Labor Day Weekend) and there were barely 2 dozen people there.  Still it was a lively crowd and the show itself was pretty entertaining.  John DiCrosta was the comedian we saw and he had my fiance howling ... and well, listening to him giggle and laugh for 45 minutes is priceless.Unlike the other comedy clubs I've been to, there isn't a 2 drink minimum ... but the bar is pretty sad.
4	I had goodddddd laughs at this comedy club. I cannot remember the names of the comedians, but one of them claimed to be famous and advertised for his DVD at the end of the show for almost 10 minutes which actually really annoyed me. They did pick on a couple of people which was really funny. The jokes were good. Other than that, we got first row seating even though we had general admission. The bar is really sad and the bar tender was pissy. would probably go back to see other comedians though.
3	well the hotel leading to the comedy club is old and run down but inside the club wasnt bad just happy we didnt pay so much to see this and the bar where you could order drinks n such the bar tender was not so friendly as i asked for light ice......kinda gay only 3 stars because the act wasnt bad and we had an over all decent time
5	Saw John DiCrosta here. Well worth the money - died laughing. Well worth the money. They have rotating headliners but from what I saw it seems like they get some great talent here.18+ only - the comedians cover quite a bit of adult content. They actually removed a 15 year old kid and his father.
5	This was the second half of my Groupon and SO worth it. Very funny comedians!!!The venue is described as being "intimate" and they aren't kidding! Six people are squeezed around each table so there is very little room for movement (or feet). The room is really small though so seeing the acts is no problem. Regular price for VIP general admission is nearly $50/pp. I don't consider that to be a fair price for comedians you've probably never heard of (or for the chairs you have to sit in) but if you can get in for half that, I'd say it's worth it.
4	Got to see a free show there last year because we stayed at the hotel. The comedian was quite funny.
3	my friend and I got free tix from the bellman which was nice. When we got there, 5 minutes late, we were almost turned away until they sd there was a table all the way in the back. We saw two comedians who were funny as hell but no server. Finally, one came and took about 6 orders then five minutes later, the show was over and the lights came on. We took our drinks to go (which were the cheapest we had in Vegas). Although the show was only 80 minutes, the server was great and the cheap prices will make me go back.
5	Two great comedians performed last night and we laughed our butts off....if you want a drink, don't wait for the only cocktail server, go to the bar in the back.  Great night out....
5	Excellent comedians, friendly bar servers and great value in one of Las Vegas's most historic hotels.  The pictures on the walls as you enter comedy show are amazing showing the performers such as Rat Pack, Dean Martin, Liberace, Debbie Reynolds, Sammy Davis, Jr., Frank Sinatra and many more.
5	This place was great! Hands down. Kinda Ghetto but I laughed like crazy! Thang they gave us the locals discount for only $10 beats every price and town and was great!
5	Came in not knowing what to expect from this place. Hands down great comedians. The room was filled with many bubbly laughs. We really enjoyed the show and I'm sure you will too!
2	I like this club and the setup.  I have been here a couple of times and it is a mixed bag of quality of comic that you will see but generally they are pretty good.  The audience size varies greatly from one show to another.  I have been there when it was packed and another time where there were 25 people there.This venue is kind of hard to find if you don't know there is an upstairs which is probably the reason for the crowds being small at times.  They really need to promote it more because of the poor location in the building.If location on the strip isn't the reason you picked Riviera, you would be better off at Bally's comedy club.http://www.rivierahotel.com/las-vegas-entertainment/comedy-club/
3	First impression sucks. Called Riveria to make the reservation and it automatically transfers you to ticket master.  When going to the box office for my tickets I was asked why I purchased from Ticket Master, I told them the hotel phone line for shows automatically transfers you so you don't have a choice.  Was then told, well I should have come in to buy!  I responded how was I to know it was jot sold out?  Response was, it's never sold out.  Very rude, I finally got my tickets and headed to the theatre. Upon arriving we were greeted and shuffled over to an area where the woman said sit over in this area.  Well we did and about 10 minutes later she comes over and very rudely says, you can't sit here it is reserved for the hotel and walks away. Wow, certainly not a welcoming environment. Then we see all the door people talking and looking over at us.  I was ticked to say the least. So we got up and moved to another spot adjacent from where we were.Problem here was box office staff and staff in the comedy club.  The show itself was pretty good but it was hard to enjoy after what we went through.I realize staff deal with new people in and out daily in Vegas and probably don't get many residents but this should make NO difference.  Customer service is very important and we certainly did NOT get it!Shame on them!
4	Saw jimmy"JJ" walker and jackson perdue and had a blast. very funny show. up close and personal. no hustle for drinks. At $29.99 its bargain entertainment and even better deals can be found almost everywhere if you look..... Its a little dark and dingy..just like the Riviera....but the crowd is friendly and respectful and its an excellent way to spend 90 or so minutes. meet and greet the stars after the show. great entertainment option.
5	My wife and I saw the new show "40 is not the new 20" a one man show starring Matt Kazam and we loved it. He was on point with his comparisons and very genuine with his story telling. We were laughing almost the entire 70 minutes. This show will be running for years to come and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to laugh.The show is in the historic Riviera Hotel, on the Las Vegas Strip, and the history in that building is simply amazing. If you are a fan of comedy and music from the past then you must go upstairs to see the wall of pictures that walks you through the history of entertainment in Las Vegas since 1955.
5	Went last night saw 40 is the new 20 show is great one man show Matt Kazan don't miss it he is funny great timing and nice human being to boot!! Staff at place is wonderful also
5	Matt Kazam is so right on with his hysterical observations of being over 40. Love his comedy, his interaction with audience, his delivery - couldn't have asked for more. I was a bit leery at first because I saw another comedy show at Riviera several years ago and it was pitiful, but we gave it a try and haven't stopped talking about it since. Matt is well worth the price of admission. I hope his show takes off like Vinnie Favorito has. Matt deserves a long successful career. A definite "Must see" when you get to Vegas. Not a fancy showroom, but small and perfect for a fairly prices night of laughter. Oh! One last thing - Matt's show is funny for all ages, not just those over 40. There were a few 20 somethings in the audience who were laughing out loud also - possibly from the fear of what Matt was talking about. What Matt says is all real kids...brace yourselves!
4	Small intimate venue.  Great, cheap way to see a show.  Cheap drinks and no pressure to buy!  Will go again next time in town.
5	I have seen Matt Kazam twice already in his show 40 is not the new 20. He is hysterical. His delivery is amazing and he does not stop. He keeps going the entire show and we were laughing the entire time. I was very surprised that each show I went to was different and it had not been that long in between.  He is very, very talented and deserves to have a very long, successful career. I will be going many, many more times and can't wait to spend the evening laughing. I highly recommend him. He is the best show in Vegas. You will laugh and laugh. Matt Kazam is so funny and you will love his show.
