4	I discovered Tim Horton's last year at a rest stop on the way back from Niagara Falls.  They had a gluttony special: a warm breakfast sandwich (sausage, egg, and cheese), hash brown, a donut, and a coffee.  I immediately fell in love and the rest is history.I normally don't review "franchises": stores, gas stations, and other places were things are pretty consistent and you know what you're going to get.  Tim Horton's is what Dunkin' Donuts is to the US (only much sweeter). I could live off of the honey cruller....I smuggled a few into the US (I would have been ready for any penalty).  The chocolate glazed donut and blueberry muffin (moist) were good too.  The coffee left a little to be desired - I have no idea why I bother to take any franchise's coffee (McDonald's, Dunkin', etc).  I always hate it, the milk always tastes like cream, and it never has enough sugar.
3	Looks like this location gets really busy since it's downtown and across from McGill.They didn't get my order right.  I ordered a coffee and tea, but they gave two coffees and a quart of milk (huh?).  The doughnuts are great, like at other Timmy's.
1	Tim Hortons is the epitome of Canadian mediocrity. This coffee doesn't taste much like coffee.... Why do I still go here?
1	In order to review this location, I was forced to give it a star. And that's being generous! I felt that everyone should be warned prior to visiting this downtown location. This has got to be the worst service; granted it was "rush hour", but it shouldn't take almost 20 minutes to make a simple turkey panini. What was even more aggravating was seeing people having ordered after me get their food first. The cashier gave me my coffee right after ordering, but I wanted to wait for my panini so as to not drink the whole thing prior to eating. By the time I actually got the chance to sit down and "enjoy" my panini and coffee, it was lukewarm at best. So disappointing.Avoid ordering food here at all costs!
1	My least favourite place for coffee near McGill University.The wait is long, the place is messy, and the floors are always dirty... At night, many homeless people gathers inside the coffee shop...
3	This review is mostly to prepare out of towners for what to expect. This Tim Horton's serves the McGill university students and this has pros and cons. The Pros: they will serve you in English without giving you stink-eye, and the staff are well-meaning university students, so you'll want to cut them a break. The cons: noisy, dirty, chaotic. They seem to routinely get orders wrong, so you need to check before you leave.Other than those things, it's like any other Tim Horton's. Which is fine.
3	A solid place for a quick breakfast. First day in Montreal and I'm extremely jet lagged. This is the nearest place to eat that I can find in McGill area that's open at 6 AM. I asked the guy at the counter and he said that they're open 24 hours. Too bad I waited four hours before coming over; I've been awake and hungry since 1 AM. Anyway, the food is okay. I was expecting to find a setup similar to Panera but this branch gives off a "get in and get out" kind of vibe. Also my food came in a bag, and they didn't ask if I'm dining in or not. If you're a visual diner, you could probably find a better place to eat. If you're jet lagged and hungry and finding yourself craving for some eggs and sausages and hot coffee at 1 AM, this will do. Also the menu displayed right across the  counter is in French but they speak English so it's all good. I got my food in 3 mins which probably is hugely because I was here at six in the morning and there was no line.
