5	It's finally here.. after waiting for so long!!!I LOVE frozen yogurt.. not that stuff from the 80's but the new wave of tart frozen yogurt, you know the kind.. the stuff with live active cultures, fun toppings and textures set into a cool hip space. There are many knock offs around the valley and the country but this is the original tart frozen yogurt shop.. it's creamy, smooth and delicious! It's only slightly tart and is so creamy you'd think you were eating its high fat cousin. Ordered a large original with mochi, Fruity Pebbles and banana.. the experience for me is simply sublime.. all the textures and flavors working together in perfect harmony. I never knew it until now but I think Im in love with Red Mango, nothing like having the real thing.XOXO
2	Big Red Mango fan here!  I frequent the one in Cupertino, CA, and have visited the one in Vegas a few times, and am concerned with the new locations blending skills!  My blender was aweful and full of chuncks of ice...don't remember other locations EVER using ice to water down my blender!!!!!  Corporate RM obviously needs to visit this new location to make sure product quality stays up to standards!
3	Cute little space in Scottsdale101, with nice staff. Red Mango may be the original tart yogurt place (as they claim), but they've been far outdone by newcomers. Their new tangomonium flavor and the pomegranate flavor are both good, but personally, I find their yogurt too creamy for tart flavors. I prefer the slightly more icy Pinkberry yogurt (Ice Tango, here in AZ, is more similar to Pinkberry). But the ultimate fro-yo place, IMO, is Yogurtland, and they spank Red Mango silly on variety and cost. For about $10 at Red Mango, you get two smalls with two toppings each. For roughly the same price at Yogurtland, you can get two huge cups with as many flavors and toppings as you'd like (it's done by weight). Red Mango may be the first but Yogurtland is the champ!
4	It was a typical hot day in July and I was ready for some cool refreshment! While out on a sales call, I was very grateful for the Red Mango, although I wonder if being so close to Starbucks will hurt them. I was immediately greeted by two employees with a nice smile and warm reception. The decor was very nice, upbeat, and transcended freshness! It felt like a very small jazz club with some great music. I actually forgot to ask her what the CD was, but it was lively. The place was impeccably clean, which I give kudos too. Where has the food inspector been in other places?? I was a little let down by the lack of flavors, but the staff was still very passionate about what was offered and that is big in my book. I believe there were five or six flavors to choose from and the toppings were what set them apart in my book. The fruit looked just as fresh and colorful as the highly designed posters on the walls. I steered away from the bad toppings and stayed close to my goal of freshness with taste. All of the flavors were pretty similar with just slight differences. Extremely smooth and creamy with a tart aftertaste! While i was sitting there listening to other people coming into the store, the clerk mentioned that there were three billion active cultures in each serving. I think I got jipped, cuz I only tasted two billion in mine! LOL. I also didn't get the member card sh-peal, but I was actually trying to sell her on my idea and that's probably why. Overall this place has a great vibe, great service, extremely clean, and tasty too. The only reason, I gave it a four star is that it was low on variety of yogurt flavors. But check it out late night. I think you'll enjoy it!
3	Another Korean frozen yogurt store in the valley?  The 1st to open in Arizona I  tried out this new frozen yogurt store and wasn't impressed.  Located in the middle of a side strip mall it caught my eye as Starbucks is a few doors down.  I gave it a try as they were touting the "all natural" yogurt with active cultures angle.  With only 4 flavors to choose from (original, green tea, pomegranate, and tangomonium) there are about a dozen toppings you can add.  I tried a small cup of their pomegranate with some raspberries and thought it tasted ok and at least better than mojo's but it was also more expensive than a lot of the other frozen yogurt concepts.  We left thinking that this store wouldn't do well unless they lowered their prices and increased traffic flow by moving closer to the movie theater. All in all, in a sea of fro yo places I don't see myself going out of my way to return.  It's too bad or as they say in Korea, ah gab da.
4	Checked out Red Mango for the first time, excellent frozen yogurt!  I really liked the pomegrante flavored one.  The rest were very good, but not amazing like the pomegrante.  Not really much seating in this place, so get your yogurt to go.
2	Took my son to Red Mango right about when they first opened.  Call us rubes, but we're both ice cream freaks, which is probably why this yogurt didn't do it for us.  We weren't sure what the routine was when we walked in and it wasn't obvious, so we just stood around like idiots - the only ones in the store - until the girl behind the counter finally spoke up.  We tried their three only flavors, none of them decadent enough for me to justify the calories and all of them tasting a bit like sour milk, and my son walked out with his fruity flavored yogurt so he didn't have to leave empty-handed.  I kind of wish he had left empty-handed, because it was more expensive than we're used to paying.  We both agreed we'd stick to our favorite gelato store nearby, where they have gooey chocolate SO worth the calories and money.
4	Tasty and good for you! The girl behind the counter was very helpful and let us taste any flavors we wanted. I decided on the pomegranate made by Pom. I topped it with dark chocolate chips. It was divine. My friend got the cocoa with almonds. The only thing I would do differently is get the smallest size next time. The medium was just a little too much. The yogurt here is very tangy and they have tons of information on their product available for you to read. I like this place.
4	Red Mango is good frozen yogurt that it good for you. The Pomegranate by Pom is the best flavor besides Original. I am very happy that there is a location in Scottsdale not too far from my home, my only dislike is their topping assortment the amount of choices and the freshness underwhelms me. But the yogurt on it's own is what keeps me coming back.
4	I seriously couldn't believe my eyes when I saw it.... Red Mango! OMG! Had to stop! I first fell in love with the frozen yogurt fad in Long Beach, CA at Pink Berry, which was a take off of Red Mango. Red Mango is the original! Simple concept, yummy flavors and great toppings. The Original flavor is by far my favorite, plane 'ol tart frozen yogurt, no flavor at all, pile on the berries and some Capt. Crunch and you are set! However, I will say I have caught on to the do-it-yourself crazy, like Mojo Yogurt and Yogurt Builders, they have more flavors and topping to choose from and I can control how much I want. But the Original is always, always the best. Yay for Red Mango! You gotta try it!
5	Wow...i am shocked myself because i have not reviewed one of my favorite frozen yogurt establishments in all the world. Imagine my joy when i moved to Arizona and i found that i live mere minutes from frozen yogurt heaven.....mmmmmmm.........mmmmmmmmmmm.......good. Now i have to tell you it is in a very bad location...which is probably why it is virtually unknown to anyone who wants the best frozen yogurt west of the mississippi. They currently have 5 base flavors with a multitude of fresh fruit and other delicious toppings. My favorite and i highly recommend it: "POMEGRANATE" i usually have it with some Godiva chocolate chips on it and trust me it will leave you coming back for more. I also recommend highly the plain tart yogurt with strawberries and pineapples....wow...wow..wow...your tastebuds will sing trust me.So while it is a very bad location...and may be difficult to find....please just put the address in your GPS and get there fast for the best yogurt you will ever have. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Visiting Scottsdale from Southern OC. As we drove by to have lunch at Chick-fil-a, we were surprised to see Red Mango! We have a location a fewiles from us and love it every bit.
