4	OK, this is just wrong. The first review is from someone who's not from the area? People! Wake up! This awesome candy store has many things a kid would love. I turned into one when I went at it. Things in it:1) The customizable M&M dispenser, so you can have your own choice in what color M&Ms you get. No more guessing! 2) The Jelly Belly jelly bean dispenser, bins of M&Ms. I got a bag of toasted marshmallow, cotton candy, bubble gum and buttered popcorn. Words cannot describe how it was a cross between a big O, a big shadoobie and a horrible accident and I ended up in paradise (Willy Wonka version). 3) They have candies I haven't seen in a while: chocolate coins, pop rocks, pixy sticks, wax lips, ring pops, salt water taffy. The list goes on! I gained a couple of pounds just typing this review up! So, if you're in the area, and you heart heart heart candy, this is the place to go. Oh, and people of the Phoenix metro area, I better see some reviews when I get back here, or I will not be very happy. Okay?!?
5	So at $2 per pound less than My SweatsFromHeaven I say ok. And after the LONG drive from the City of Phoenix I needed to refuel on my sugar! I recommend the Watermelon and Sour Apple sweet/sour Strips. Luv Um!Great place. And the guy inside, I think he owns it, loves his candy.
4	Hello Kitty + candy!  We came here in search of a Hello Kitty gift for a friend's daughter, and found a large and diverse selection of items.  In addition to Hello Kitty supplies, they have various stuffed animals and other cute girly things for sale.  They have a very large selection of bag-your-own chocolate and candy, and even have a pretty good sugar-free section.  Prices are expensive for the sweets ($17.99) but the selection can't be beat.  They also offer retro chocolates and candies, as well as more unusual sweets that you won't normally find.
1	I am extremely disappointed in this chandler mall location. There was a mistake made when entering my purchase and was overcharged by 19 dollars. I used to go here all the time (I have a sweet tooth and work in the mall), however July 10, when I purchased my usual small bag of candy usually totaling about 3 dollars, I was charged 21.99! I saw this charge on my account a week later and was shocked! When I went to the store to see if they could remedy this situation, the owner was rude to me and told me because there was no proof (I didn't have my receipt) that there is nothing he can do. Instead of trusting his customer and remedying the mistake his employee made, he was rude and basically called me a liar. I am so upset about being over charged, I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN. Please do not give them business ( See's candy is just downstairs), the owner is rude and does not know about good customer service. Clearly they don't care about their customers, so they should not be getting business!!!!
3	Lots of candy to choose from here. Pricing is a bit more than I would have anticipated paying for the same sweets you can get at Walmart & Target. I guess your paying for convenience, so if you need candy asap this is your place.
