5	It just seems to be that I need to have a flu. As my luck would have it, my doctor only had the pediatric one available and suggested I try to find a clinic that would have it. I checked various drug stores and pharmacies only to find that they only gave them out on certain days. Even then, I found one that was offering it that same day but by appointment. I call to ask for an appointment and was told I have to also have a prescription from my doctor. For a flu shot? What? Okay crazy. Buh-bye!One of my coworkers found this Minute Clinic so I thought I'd give it a shot. HAHAHAHAHAHHAYeah, okay that was bad.Anyway.I get there and find a computer-based sign in procedure that was very easy to follow and simple to complete. Way to go for a good user interface! i was then 7th in line. The sign in area clearly told me what I would have to do and that the wait could be as long as 15 minutes per person because they also take sick patients and not just those needing immunizations.Everyone that was ln line seemed to have left so I was in within 10 minutes. I gave my insurance information to her and had my shot and was out in 5 minutes because everything was so easily completed in my sign-in procedure beforehand. All my questions were answered beforehand and the woman administering the immunization was very nice and helpful.Later that evening I noticed I hadn't received anything with proof that I got the immunization on that date; just the I Got My Flu Shot Today sticker. I called the 800 number for the Minute Clinic (you cannot call a store directly) and asked them. They were super kind and immediately faxed me the paperwork I needed.Great service from the time I first approached the Minute Clinic area to the phone call with them the next day. I highly suggest it!
4	One of the few stores in the area that's open late.  I was in search of some Water and toiletries when I drove into town late at night.  The front desk clerk at the hotel suggested I drive down to this CVS instead of paying the high prices at the hotel gift shop.I'm glad he made the recommendation.  This store is clean and well organized.  The late night staff is friendly despite the late hours.Return Factor - 85%
5	I have always had allergies, they come on around March and don't leave until about June. This year they got so bad I got a sinus infection because of them. I called my pcp and she couldn't fit me in for 7 days.. I was in pain and didn't want to wait to get in to the doctor, so I sought out the Minute Clinic. My experience was superb. I didn't have to make an appointment and I was in to see the nurse in about 35 minutes. She diagnosed my symptoms, wrote me a prescription and I was on my way in under an hour. She also suggested non prescription remedies (nasal flushes, saline rinses ect.) which I always appreciate.  She was able to email my prescription to the CVS by my work, so by the time I stopped in to the drive through they were ready. I was so impressed by the speed and level of care I received I can't imagine waiting around to get in to see my pcp.. I am now a huge fan of the Minute Clinic and will always go there first for minor illnesses.
1	When I dropped off my prescriptions and told them I wanted generic on both, I never thought it would be an issue... So when I went in today to get them a found that my more expensive of the two was name brand and WAY expensive, I had the refill & rebill it... Then I got home and realized they'd given me name brand on my birth control as well & the money I'd spent hadn't been for the 3 months I usually pick up but was only for one!!! I know, I should have checked... But what really clinched the 1 star rating was the fact that i got home and looked at it to see that they'd put the wrong doctor's name on my birthcontrol pills (they had my PCP and NOT my gyno who actually prescribed them)... Scary. Not going back.
1	$79 dollars down the drain and not even worth the drive. The on staff nurse practitioner couldn't help me with my symptoms. I got my blood pressure checked, was told that I didn't have strep throat and to go see a real doctor if my conditions did not improve within a week. She even printed me out a paper with the local family clinics in the area. Talk about buyer's remorse. Not helpful at all. Waste of money. Not recommended.
4	This location is very conveinent for me and I love the 24/7 hours. The staff is always knowledgable and helpful. The store is clean, organized and usually well stocked. The CVS Extra Buck propmotions help me provide quality products to my family in a cost effective manner. The CVS coupon policy is great and the staff usually has no problems understanding or executing the CVS guidelines. This location is great about accepting coupons and never makes me feel bad for using them. Most cashiers are great at commenting on how much I can save using the coupons. On the rare occasion that they are out of stock of a particular product they will write a raincheck. Never have I had a problem receiving one. One cashier even got out her scissors, cut out the ad and attached it to the raincheck to make the redemption seemless on my next visit. Great service and wonderful hours of operation.
5	This location is a 24/7 operation. The third shift, 10pm-7am is always amazing! I ventured out tonight because I was sleepless and I wanted to use their in store coupons from the card scanning machine. Everytime I enter CVS I scan my loyalty card and out pop various offers. Sometimes it's a $10 off $50, some denomination off of beauty products, or even accumulated Extra Bucks (EB) from quarterly purchases or from their Beauty Club purchases. I always save these until the expiration listed. The coupons can be stacked with manufacturers coupons for additional savings! I am all about the savings! I had saved all their Valentines coupons such as $1.00 off Mars candy and $2 off 3 bags of Hershey's candy. The tags had not yet been changed on the shelves so I checked the prices with the scan machine. The 50% discount was in effect for ALL Valentines candy. This works out perfectly as my manufacturer coupons for candy expired on the 14th. The CVS in store coupons worked like a charm. So the mini Hershey bar candies, Hershey Kiss bags and M&M bags were a steal, 24 bags for $23. Very nice considering each bag was $3-$4 EACH 2 hours earlier. Once again this CVS is fabulous: clean organized environment, friendly smiling employees (even at 1am) and great with couponers. I will continue to call this location my favorite!! Thanks CVS for another wonderful, money saving experience!
4	Best thing about this place?!  24 HOUR PHARMACY, BABY!!!  That means, day, or night you can get the hook-up on your doctor prescribed meds.  Also, the store, while it is an older store, has a lot of stuff you can look at and buy while waiting for said meds.  Also, one pharmacist in particular is AMAZING and went out of her way to assist me (will post name when I can find it - definitely deserves props).....Not so great thing? Pharmacy --  No drive through service for drop off or pick up.  :(   They are ALWAYS busy so be expected to wait 30++ and probably deal with some one frazzled (hit or miss, like most places). The store is a little older, but they have a great alcohol selection and nice staff (that makes almost all the difference....)Not many pharmacies and stores around here are 24 hours, so that is why they get a 4/5!
3	Helpful employees, Pharmacy guy seemed un-concerned with my questions/????
4	Great place if you need some snacks and/or drinks late at night since this place is open 24 hours a day.  If you don't have the Extra Care card, it's their in-store discount card, make sure you get one.  You don't have to carry the card with you all the time, put your phone number as an alternative account number and just provide your number when checking-out.They also will take manufecture coupons, so get those in there to increase your savings.  Sign-up with your e-mails as well as they will periodically sent you e-mails with discounts and promotional items.I would definitely recommend this place if you are staying at a hotel near-by and don't want to pay for the high price gift shop products.
5	Thank you for my work related biometric screening! Very fast and friendly.
3	I'm thankful for the auto-fill on my Rx and the reminder phone call when it's ready.This location is relatively clean and I like the proximity to Safeway-- that way I like to do my drug-pick-up and grocery shopping all in one stop.  Make sure to get a membership card.  I regularly get coupon perks via email.  Most recently I was able to stock up on nail polish on sale due to discontinuation (some at 75% off!!) and also stack the $4 off $20 coupon.  Also, make sure to grab a ad insert at the front of the store to identify the promo events.  When there's a sale, there's a sale!
3	My estm wait was 20 min. Been almost an hour so far.
1	I would give 0 stars.  I waited over 95 minutes to be seen for a cough and an UTI.  I was told I was too sick to be treated.  They  charged $87.00 for turning me away.  This is a scam and malpractice!!!!!
1	They call me 7 days after I've been unable to speak or eat to correct their misdiagnosis. Advise me that I do in fact have strep. I return their call to be placed on hold until after they close by a woman named Katie. Only so that she did not have to put in my script today. It's 4 days until my wedding. Hate that I was blown off and will discourage everyone I know to spend their healthcare dollars at this place.
1	NP Katherine McCabe was rude and provided a poor experience during my visit.  I'm sure there's a reason she's working in a walk-in clinic, and I would recommend that you don't go here if you can avoid it.  I don't write many reviews, but felt compelled to steer others away.  I will refrain from additional comments since I have nothing positive to say, but, the ladies in the pharmacy were very sweet and helpful, that I appreciate.
4	Great CVS location with plenty of parking.  BONUS is that it's right by a Dunken Donuts!  It's like going for medicine next to Disney Land.  Too good.This store has a great selection including homeware, soft drinks, alcohol and even lots of Halloween decorations (this time of year).The employee that served me was very nice and efficient. I'm a big fan of CVS in general and this location was great!
5	Quick in and out even with people ahead of me.  Easier than getting an appointment with my PCP.  They are affordable and take all types of insurance.  I will def be back when I get sick again.  Thank you.
1	Pharmacists & techs are rude. Had to have my Rx faxed over TWICE. And instead of being nice, they were rude & short & spoke about us. There is a pane of glass separating us, trust me, we can see you.Very disappointed in this location. Would not recommend ever coming here again. I am definitely thinking about calling corporate to file a complaint in the morning. Nobody with a the flu & bronchitis should have to go through that. Save yourself the misery & take your business elsewhere.
