4	I WILL BE BACK!! The vibe was great. There was just something about this place that jived well with me.There's an entrance in the front & back. Keep in mind that I used the front.Karaoke 7 days a week. They have a HUGE book. The regulars mostly sing country. At about 11 a younger more rock style crowd might come in.Wooden dance floor up front.2 pool tables on the right. There are also darts of course.You can sit all the way around the square shaped bar. I love the big tv's above the bar.There are mirrors everywhere.The bartenders introduce themselves & are the most friendly I've come across yet. Great bartenders, great crowd.The drinks are strong :D Kudo's! Ask Brianna (spelling?) for a "piece of ass". Can't remember what was in it but it got me drunk. There are 4 beers on tap, but you get a frozen glass with bottled beer.Restroom seemed clean enough. It smelled good as least. The lighting is only above the 2 stalls. No touch ups for the ladies going on here.5 drinks between 2 people came out to about $25.
4	Dropped by for a quick drink on St. Patty's. Heather was working.They had FREE stew & rolls. Yum!Daren C asked me about their steak fry on Monday's, which I didn't know about. I asked about that while there & it's totally true. Might have to check that out some time...Found out their karaoke doesn't start till 9.The light over the sink was on this time. Had a girlie touch up moment.Hadn't wandered over to the pool tables last time but there is a shuffleboard table along the wall too.
5	They hired a new bartender. It was his first night on Sat. If I remember correctly I think his name is David. Gosh, I'm probably totally wrong though.Anyway, he's tended at a couple different places. He made 1 damn good Jamaican 10 Speed. I dislike Malibu so I asked for Parrot Bay. Delicious. I hope he sticks around for a while.There was a late last call on Sat too. They were still serving right up till 2. They pretty much called last call at 1:50. So I think we got out of there around 2:15.Oh, & I finally spotted the juke box. I've walked right past it quite a few times. I think when I look around for the juke box I picture the ones from the 50-70's or so. I'm looking for big, tall, brightly lit, & maybe orange or yellow colored. I'm so spastic sometimes lolRestroom light was on again too :)Come any day of the week. It's always fun here.
3	I guess if a rowdy place on the 17 is your place, then you'd like this one. I was here for a gig ( a lot of my reviews seem to have that in them. What can I say? I'm pretty funny.)They have several TVs for your football needs. I was here on a Monday night and the crowd was pretty attentive to us comedians. A lot of support from the venue helped with that.Though I didn't get it, they have a pretty cheap steak dinner. It definitely smelled good! Bartenders were attentive and friendly. They remembered my drink throughout the evening.Oh, and if you see a guy there who looks like Snoop's chubby, poor cousin, do NOT make eye contact. Guy waited for me outside the bathroom door! Creepy, but luckily I had comics there to save me.
4	Really not a bad place at all.Live music on Friday and Saturday nights. I heard a band called "Geo" that played exactly what the crowd needed to hear:  A combination of funk, soul, country, salsa and cumbias. It's a nice, varied clientele, in other words.Drinks are cheap and the wings are not bad.I paid a $3 cover and didn't mind it at all.
3	Popped in for a quick drink yesterday on our way to buy food for the pooches.Prices on par for a dive bar. It's hard to mess up a bottle of bud and a whisky/coke - and it was really slow while we were there - so I can't comment after one visit on the skill of the bartender(s).I saw a banner advertising Roscoe and Tim on Monday nights. That makes me flash back to my days at Chez Nous. And I think I may have to stop in sometime just for the auditory flashbacks! Funny thing about this town - 15 years later, and some things just don't change!I don't know that I'd add Bullocks to my regular drinking rotation - but will definitely keep it on the list for a place to drop in for a cocktail or two.
5	try the wings, ask for honey bbq! they are the best
