5	We love this place.  We tried another children's hair salon a few months back and it was a horrible experience, not "kool" at all.  By the recommendation of a friend I took my twins to Snip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah.  It was such a great experience, both my twins have gotten hair cuts a couple of times as well as my husband.  Miss Tara is really great with the kids, there is no more stress to go to get hair cuts!
5	*CASH AND CHECKS ONLY**OPEN 9 AM, 7 DAYS A WEEK*Love this place. Took my daughter here a year ago to get her very FIRST haircut. We had Miss Tara, who provided us with a "first haircut" certificate and she also had these tiny quarter-size ziploc bags for my daughter's very first strand of hair that she cut. The haircut was $15. Along with the haircut, Miss Tara styled it and put clips and glitter in her hair. My daughter LOVED it. The place itself was kid-friendly. There's a little kitchen for the kids to play with while waiting for their haircut. There are 3 big kid chairs for older kids to get their haircut. And there are 2 car-styled chairs for the younger kids. I took my daughter for her SECOND haircut today. We had Miss Annette. She was great. Again, my daughter got her hair styled after her haircut and got glitter and flowers put into her hair. The haircut was $15. We also got a punchcard, where you're 9th haircut will be free. This place does walk-ins, but it is better to call and schedule an appointment since they don't have a specific opening/closing time. They take CASH ONLY so keep that in mind.
2	We went here because of the great reviews, but it really was a disaster.  We wanted our son to get his hair just cleaned up -- he is a cutie pie with beautiful curls, but his hair is destroyed.  We made an appointment to clean it up but we are scared to go back.  His "bangs" now go all the way around the left side of his head -- it's like a very weird layer, so that his curls now exist only on the bottom of his head and stick out like a clown.  The right side is fine, oddly enough, which actually makes the problem worse.  It's so sad.  I want to cry every time I look at him.  I've just spent the last 2 hours trying to find a different salon open on Sunday because we can't imagine the same person could make it better.  None of the people mentioned in the other reviews was the person that cut his hair, so I am sure that is the difference.  I'm giving two stars only because the woman was very nice and I feel bad that the cut is so bad.Update:  Though we do not plan to return to the salon, the owner, Tara, did contact us about this review and offered to correct the problem.  I thought that was a classy move, and worth noting in this review.
1	Our visit to this place was strike two - and I won't risk a third.  We had two good haircuts at Snip-A-Dee Doo-Dah.  Unfortunately, soon after the second cut we noticed our daughter had lice.  Nobody else we knew had it - her entire preschool was checked after I notified them.  We were HORRIFIED.  We didn't go back to get her hair cut at all until yesterday.  I called the salon before we went in, spoke with them about the lice, asked about their cleaning procedure and was reassured.So, I took my 5 year old VERY girly daughter in for a haircut.  I asked for chin length and slightly stacked in the back.  We got earlobe length and VERY stacked in the back.  This is not a haircut for a 5 year old.   I couldn't react because I didn't want to upset my daughter. But the lady just kept trimming and trimming.  Now her hair looks borderline boy-ish.  One of the kids in her class today told her that her haircut looked like a boy.  Great.  And today was picture day.  Perfect.  The lady who cut her hair could tell that I wasn't happy, and gave me a discount.  But that won't fix my daughter's hair.  I could cry every time I look at it.I washed and dried her hair, and noticed that the layers aren't even at all.  There are random long sections - it's just not even a good cut.  I dare not get it fixed - there's no way I'm letting anyone cut her hair even shorter!  I won't go back to this salon again.
4	We have been in to Snip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah twice over the last few months to get my daughter's hair cut, and we will return.  Prior to finding this spot, I cut her hair myself.   While I feel my cuts turned out equally as well, I will gladly pay $15 to have someone else suffer through the painstaking process of cutting my two year old's hair!  The place a barrel of fun each time we come.  A play kitchen, train table and a big bucket of toys greet you as you enter the quaint location.  There are two chairs shaped like cars that my daughter can't wait to jump into for her cut.  There are also three regular chairs for big kids (or adults).  They have a huge selection of DVDs and will gladly pop in whatever tickles your toddlers fancy.Last but definitely not least, after each cut they style her hair and she loves it!  The first time she got a ponytail with a small flower and some glitter.  This last time she got an adorable 'do with colorful barrettes and lots of glitter.  Treat you little prince of princess to a fun time and support a local business, all in one shot...no that's a win-win situation!
1	I took my 2 and 1/2 year old for her very first hair cut. I was very excited to find such a cute salon UNTIL........ I saw the ending result of the cut. Unfortunately I had the same person cut my hair too. What a DISASTER!!!!! I had to go some where else to have it fixed. NEVER, NEVER, NEVER AGAIN.
1	Don't waste your time. Owner does not know how to run business, very poor services.
1	The salon has moved from its original location, now it's in a strip mall down a long dark corridor in a tiny, cramped room and there is barely room for the stylist, a parent, and a child.  The stylist arrived late, was rather shockingly unkempt, and sat down upon arrival and talked at us for thirty minutes before starting to cut my daughter's hair.  Not sure why I waited, but I didn't want to be rude.  Forty five minutes later, we had a haircut that did not resemble in the least the cut I'd requested and I was just happy to get out of there.  Wouldn't dream of going back and would never recommmend it to anyone.
5	My three boys love Miss Becky.  She has video games or movies for the kids while she cuts their hair and always is a pleasure.My wife and I love her because they boys always look good after going to see her.We've been to other children's haircut shops in the past but there is a bit of turnover at most of them and it's hard to get consistency at those places.  Since it's only Miss Becky, you know what you are getting.Miss Becky doesn't have a set schedule, so it's best to call her and get an appointment.
