5	The space is as versatile as it is impressive.I am having my rehearsal dinner, wedding AND reception at Jay's, so we're really using the whole place and couldn't be more pleased.My fiance and I were looking for a New York loft-type venue that could hold around 180 people. In New York this venue would cost the same amount that my whole wedding will cost (we looked there first and hurried it back to the 'burgh).We're planning our Pittsburgh wedding from San Francisco, so it's important that we have vendors who know what they're doing without meeting us often.Jay has been great.  He's not so fantastic with email, so get him on the phone to schedule.  We're even just dropped by to look at the space and never had trouble being buzzed in.Jay and his colleague Mike who works on videography  are always very honest recommending vendors who know the space and can work with us from a distance.Totally worth the money for this space and the ease of working with Jay.
4	Very unique space for a wedding. The rehearsal dinner was also here, and the space for that worked well too.Fun photobooth, there's a deck, dance floor, etc.One warning, if you are taking a taxi here, they might get lost. Ours did, and we heard of at least one other taxi getting lost too!
4	This place is insanely gorgeous! I just loved my time here as a guest of an event I attended recently. Every room seems to have a different feel to it. You could seriously have one heck of an event here with some creativity. There's even a full working kitchen... which probably comes in handy for caterers. If I was getting married (again:) or looking for a large event space I'd look here. You could really work some cool themes into the event. I'd love to do a Mad Men themed event here, it just seems to lend itself to that era. But I kinda think you could do anything with the venue. The only thing that would be an issue is that you would absolutely need to hire a valet service. We all know what a pain in the ace parking is in the South Side, double that with a super narrow street and you're pretty much parking miles away.
