2	The Margaritas are pretty good and the torilla chips come complimentary which makes it all the better. The appetizer combo was not the greatest so I will deduct a star for that.
3	I went to this Serrano's location after a hard days work on home improvements with my dad. I got the taco salad, which was disappointing. I think you get more food in the taco salad from Taco Bell and it's half the price and even tastes a little better. Our waitress was great though, she was really nice and attentive. To sum it up, the food was disappointing, but feed me and the service was great. That's all she wrote.
1	*shakes head*I am baffled. Truly baffled. How does a place like this stay in business?! It's kinda...crap. Well, not kind of, it is.I've been there on about 5 different occasions. The first 3 were cringeworthy. I have to confess that all the times I went was because I happened to be close by and the people I was with were all gung ho about it. Truth be told, if they had waited about 10-ish minutes, I could've had them at a different mexican restaurant -- a million times better than Serrano's.The 4th time I went, the chicken enchiladas I had were so incredibly good, I felt that it made up for the previous times. I happened to be in the neighborhood several weeks ago and dropped into Serrano's.Nuh uh. Nerp. Nope. Hell to the no. F*ck no. Never again. My chicken enchiladas was gross...and I've never called any mexican food gross. This was pathetic beyond description.Avoid this place. The only truly redeeming quality were the servers we have had each time I've gone there - fast, friendly and courteous. Sadly, it's not enough to make me want to go back.
2	The great thing about going out for Mexican food is that even if the meal is not good, you can leave full if you stuff yourself with chips and salsa.  I can only describe the food as flavorless.  The fried tortilla of my chimichanga tasted like an egg roll; how weird is that!?  On the plus side, the waitress was friendly and attentive... unfortunately, going out to eat isn't just about service, so I won't likely be coming back.
1	Serrano's is one of the diviest restaurants around. The inside decor is awful and their food is totally bland and gross. They have restaurant tables that would be suitable for use at family reunions. They also serve drinks in these ghetto pitchers that they frequently leave on customer's tables. Going to Serrano's is definately not a fun or exciting dining experience, I think I actually felt a sense of despair after dining here.
1	About once a year I say to myself, I like Serranos, but I wish there was one closer to my apartment.  Then the memories that I have sealed return, saying Hey, what about the terrible one on Val Vista and Guadelupe roads?  It's the same local chain, surely all your previous visits were aberrations, and it will rebound to approach the quality at the other locations.No.Chips and bean dip are consistently room temperature or cooler, service is generally inattentive.  Enchiladas tasted microwaved.  Water glasses and plates were dirty.  Albondigas watery.  30 minutes to get check.  I just don't understand how this location is so much worse than the rest.  Hope betrayed too many times, just pack it up at this location.  Shut it down!
3	I love the chips and salsa and bean dip but the food just never seems to be that great!  Usually the waitress is great but for some reason she has been MIA for the past few visits and the other wait staff is just not as nice as Alison.  If I could just go in for the chips and salsa I would love love love this place, but the past few times I am just really disapointed not only in the food but service as well.  3 times bad, buh-bye!!!
3	It's not horrible, but it's not great. It is close, which is why we always choose this place when we want Mexican food. The food is overpriced and a bit on the greasy side. We ordered take out, and since they were so busy they were very apologetic and threw in extra bean dip and chips & salsa for us. If another place pops up within a 3-5 mile radius from home, I will definitely check them out and see if I can replace Serrano's. But for now, they'll do.
4	So yes I went back.  And YUM!  The chips and salsa are really my fave.  It didn't seem so chaotic as my last visit and my waiter was so accomodating.  I had a cheese crisp with beans, black olives, and onions and it really satisfied  my craving.  Can't wait to go back for more...  And the iced tea is fresh!
2	Well, it's not the worst food I've ever eaten. The food is a bit overpriced and very mediocre. Really, if you want some sit down Mexican food in the area, I suggest going just up the street to Nandos. Similar prices but better atmosphere and WAY better food! WAY better!
3	My family and I finally got around to eating here after driving by it for the past several years. I am hesitant to eat Mexican food at large chain restaurants because they tend to try to make it more "upscale" than it's intended to be. I am not a fan of all the sauces and frills other places use to justify overpricing a dish. My rule is keep it simple. First I have to say, I liked the atmosphere. The decor was fun and the place was clean. We were seated promptly and our waitress was exceptionally nice. In fact, everyone was really nice. I was pleasantly surprised when we got several bowls of chips, salsa and bean dip. The kids enjoyed it and were able to eat the salsa. It was tasty.  No fighting over one bowl like at other restaurants.The menu was large and had some nice choices for kids. My husband had a carnitas burrito and I ordered a combination plate with a taco, enchilda, and tostada.  This is where it goes south. The food was mediocre at best. I couldn't eat the enchilada, the sauce was horrible! The taco and tostada were just ok. The hubs wasn't too thrilled with his burrito either.  There is an upside though...dessert. We almost never order desserts, but they had fried ice cream and sopaipillas! I haven't had fried ice cream since I was a little girl and it didn't disappoint. The sopaipillas were unremarkable, not the fluffy pillow type I'm used to. With enough honey they were good enough.All in all it was a pleasant experience. We may go back to try something else on the menu, and we will definitely go back for some ice cream!
3	Service is fortunately better in a bad economy. We had 5 check backs by the staff.The food was good, and rice was done correctly. Not parts of it so hard it'll break your teeth from being in the oven too long. The margarita had way too much ice, and I felt ripped off for what they cost. Less ice, better value would go farther than all the check-backs. I hate to complain, as do most people when out to dinner. Just do it right the first time....
3	My daughter and I went in there on a Sunday night.  We were driving by and I have always wanted to try Serranos.  The restaurant was pretty full, but we got seated within 5 minutes.  Service was very good and friendly, place was clean and inviting.  Food was pretty much gringo Mexican food, a 3 star restaurant definitely.    I had a red burrito and my daughter had a enchilada and a taco. It was ok, nothing spectacular.  They are all over the valley so gringos must like this place.  I wouldn't go back unless I was invited by someone, I definitely prefer more authentic mexican food.
2	Overpriced, flavorless, and poor quality.Don't be hoodwinked by the "we give you free bean dip so it's okay if our food is mediocre" routine.  The food here is not good. My taco was flavorless, and was mostly made up of a HUGE mound of chopped lettuce and tasteless tomato clippings.  The meat?  MIA.I had to do a double take at the check, $5.50 for a cheese crisp?  $4.75 for a single taco???  Am I shopping at an airport boutique?  Sure tastes like it.2 stars because the server was attentive and there was no wait to sit down, but it was obvious why this place was empty at lunch time.
4	I don't know.... maybe I get too hungry and would eat a shoe, or maybe I am just easy to please, but I have eaten Az mexican food all my life.  I have read some of the other reviews and really believe this place deserves a better review. Lots of grumpy folks out there.So I will say, if you are in Gilbert and you are hungry for a good plate of Mexican food I think you should try this restaurant.  It is located on Val Vista Dr. between Baseline and Guadalupe, on the east side of the road. I normally order cheese and onion enchiladas with rice and beans, kind of a typical combination plate, but wow is it ever good. My wife ordered a dish with two sides... she got garlic shrimp and mexican styled vegetables. She loved her dish too. The shrimp were spicy and fresh and the veggies were great.While you are waiting for your order to come they serve chips and salsa. If you are into that you won't be disappointed. They are very good. They also go a little further than most places and serve a bowl of warm bean dip that is hard to stop eating... careful you can easily fill up before your dinner comes. When ever we stop in, I ask for their salsa that is extra spicy. It is orangish colored and has habanero peppers in it. Get ready for some great, blazing hot salsa. Our servers were wonderful, but if a critique were in order, I would say they were just a bit slow in food preparation, but it is usually worth every minute.Thank you Serrano family. You guys serve wonderful food out in the Gilbert and Chandler area.
1	I gave this place a shot even after reading all the negative feedbacks. Wanted to see it for myself & not to believe everything I read...BOY WAS I WRONG! should of stayed home.  Serrano's food is disgusting.... completely over price & they rip you off on the portions. The servers are condescending, lazy & rude.Would never dine here again....I will dam make sure my friends, neighbors & co-workers would never either. A big compliant was made but was not taken seriously. Customers should be top priority...we're the reason why they have jobs. The word will get out & eventually they will go out of business. It's a big surprise they're still in business with all the negative feedbacks they have already. Val Vista & Guadalupe location is absolutely the worst location to visit.
4	Great place to bring the kids for lunch, especially if you have two or three.  Just make sure they put you in a booth.  The salsa and chips are very good and I like the taco salad with Italian dressing.  I had a couple taco's the other day with machaca meat and that was pretty good.Service is always friendly, and the little ones if we are in a booth can move around a little and not bother anyone.  Just make sure you are not on the bar side of the resturant if you have kids, the booths are not as private.The real secret to this lunch?  There is a McDonalds in the same shopping center with a play area.If the kids are good I take them for a treat(Ice cream or some cookies, milkshake for me) and time in the McDonald's play area after Serrano's. This usually tips the balance for a very enjoyable lunch with kids at Serrano's.
4	Locally owned, family restaurant.  We bring our kids here all the time, and it is a wonderful, welcoming place.  Reasonable prices for what you get, and the bean dip for your chips is to die for!This has become our local Mexican food go-to place for our family!
1	I read the reviews and honestly after eating at Serrano's, I would never go back!!Terrible food and a pushy waiter!  My wife and I went in on Halloween.  We ordered a house margarita at $5.00 each/Happy Hour pricing.  Not good at all and had a funny taste.  The waiter Bruno kept coming back every 5 minutes to take our order.  There were only about 10 couples in this huge restaurant so I didn't understand the big push.    I asked Bruno to give us a while.  We just wanted to relax but it didn't matter.  He just kept coming back and coming back.  We finally went ahead and ordered.I had the seasoned Chimichanga and my wife had the shredded chicken Chimi.  Mine had no seasoning at all.  They came with sour cream, guacamole, rice and beans.  The rice was old and hard.  The Chimi's were over cooked.I travel every other week and eat out all over the country.  I also am a very good cook.  I would rather go and buy a frozen Mexican TV dinner than go back to Serrano's!
3	Serrano's is an average Mexican place.  Very Americanized.  But the food is fine.  The chips are fine, the salsa is fine.  I had the chimi, and it was fine also.  Nothing special, but not bad.They're comparable to Garcia's and few other such places.  They can't touch La Tolteca, though.  But if La Tolteca is too far, and you're near this place, it's fine.
1	My boyfriend and I grew up on Serrano's living in Tempe. It had been years since we have been so we figured we would stop in for happy hour. I cant believe how badly this place has gone down hill! Though there was only a few tables of people in the whole place, we decided to sit at the bar in hopes of faster service. Upon sitting down there was dirty dishes left on the bar that looked like they had been there awhile. The buser quickly came over and cleaned up and brought us chips and dips (he was probably the most attentive person in this place). We had to flag the bar tender down to get drinks (mind you there was only 2 other people at the bar). The drinks were horrible. No Tabasco on hand for a bloody Mary and no oranges for the blue moon they have on tap... really you have Blue Moon on tap and no oranges? I had to ask the bartender 3 times for a water, the last time she said "ya sure", then walked in back for 5 minutes... The fourth time my boyfriend finally asked her for my water and had her remake me something to drink as the bloody Mary was unbearable. We then had to ask for menus, and also had to ask her to take our order.... I mean what is your job if I as the customer am doing all the work??!!! The manager brought our plate out, it was cold. The food was mediocre at best... what a disappointment especially for the price. My boyfriend asked the bartender for silverware which she said "oh yeah sure" then walked off and did something else. I told him not to even remind her and see if she will ever bring it. Nope we ended up sharing silverware. We spoke with the manager when we left about how poor the service was, he didn't seem to care much just staring at us with a blank expression. So that is if for us we will not be back! So sad that we use to love this place and it has gone down the drain so much!
1	Will never be back again. I took my 3 girls after church. I ordered a seafood enchilada ala carte with white sauce, they gave me red sauce. The 3 little girls ordered kids meals , one of which was wrong!!  How can you screw up a pb&j?? I'll tell you, they made it on a tortilla after we requested it be made on bread. The kids meals don't include a drink. So for 1 adult meal, 2 kids meals, and one ala cart item our bill was $47 bucks!!  I vowed then and there to never return!!!  Perhaps if the food, flavor, service and atmosphere had been worth it, I would reconsider. But they failed the test on every level!!
1	I didn't like the beans, guacamole it's ok salsa no spicy,  the patron margarita ok they need to have mojitos, y chabelas or micheladas not my thing not for me
5	I'm honestly not sure why anyone would have anything bad to say about this restaurant. I'm shocked at some of the negative reviews this place has! Anyway, my lady friend and I went to this Serrano's a few nights ago for a quiet night out and that's exactly what we got. Everyone on staff from the hostess to the busser was more than helpful: The hostess got us seated immediately and our server, Jason, was kind, helpful, and extremely knowledgeable about the menu. Even the busser, Miguel, was fantastic! He kept the chips and salsa flowing all night and even gave us some insight into the menu. The food was totally affordable and we had a fantastic overall experience. We will definitely be back!!!
4	Mmmmmmm...yummy!I found this place when I went out on a blah date with someone I met online. Fortunately, this food is far from blah! I now have a new love, sorry guy!This is as authentic as I believe I've tasted in awhile. The pico de gallo, the bean dip, the different spiciness each different dip has (I believe there were 3). So delicious! I like my chips very light, not so dense, but when you need to dip that bean dip these are the only things that will do it. I ordered a combo plate of bean tostada and cheese enchilada with a side of rice and beans along with a side of guac. The guac hit my mouth with just the right amount of cold, spicy, fresh and chunky! I loved it and I wish I'd gotten a bigger one. Delicious!The enchilada was without a doubt the best I've ever eaten anywhere. It wasn't overly cheesy, or saucy, it was mild enough, yet flavorful enough and when you cut into it with a fork it just had the right amount of cheesy filling. It was the best thing ever. The tostada had a very crunchy, thick shell. Again, l happen to like my tostadas a little lighter, but you can't beat the beans, the very crisp lettuce and the just perfectly ripened tomatoes. It was heaven!The service is a little slow, but the people are super friendly and the prices can be a little high (I don't like to pay $11 for that much food, but hey...), but the atmosphere is nice, the restaurant is super clean and the food, of course, is DELICIOUS!New favorite, hands down!
1	I wish I could give zero stars that's how bad it was. First off my order had rice but the lady that dropped it off was not my waitress and gone so fast I couldn't even say anything. My waitress no where to be found. I scrapped the rice off and left it on the side of the table in plain view. My chile relleno was so bland and the so called egg batter was only a cooked egg with zero flavor which I added to the rice plate. Waitress finally walks by does not acknowledge us. I have eaten only two bites. I finally have to ask bus boy for check. Waitress comes over gets money. I'm heated so say nothing. She comes back and says to me do you want a to go box. Are you serious? Bye the way at this point I have added everything back on the original plate and set in on the edge of the table. I just laughed and said no way. We will never eat here again!
5	I love this food and the General Manager April.  She is a very caring person.  She is not fake like a lot of General Managers she cares about her employees and jokes around with them at times I have seen it which makes it feel more friendly and relaxing.  You can enjoy your food better. We will be back more often.  You have to try the heavenly delights so wonderful.
3	The foods wasOk. The service was pretty good but can be better. Might be coming back for the burrito!
2	The bean dip and salsa make the place. Will often stop and buy the two. We don't eat there anymore as you never know if you will get good food or really bad food. It's like a toss of a coin. Staff is usually helpful and attentive.
1	We stopped in for lunch when heading for a doc appt in Gilbert.  Have eaten at Chandler location once before.  We had the lunch special and were extremely disappointed.  Yes, the chips and bean salsa are good, but that was about all.  There wasn't even any cheese on the enchilada - or at least any we could see.  We were just really disappointed and would never go back.  The waitress was fine.  The atmosphere was fine.  The food left a lot to be desired.   Felt like it was going out of business.
5	My fiancee and I come here often, we just love this place!  They have really good complimentary chips, salsa, and bean dip.  Also have some very decent lunch specials available Monday-Saturday.  Tonight was our first time coming for dinner in a long time.  Monday night, we figured it wouldn't be too crowded, and we had a coupon we got from being in the rewards club (you should sign up too).  There was a short wait after coming inside, but we were promptly seated.  I thought there might be a lot of noisy children, but we were seated in the bar area so it was the perfect quiet date night.  As I said, we had coupons for $1 off the 2 Enchilada meal with Rice and Beans.  My fiancee got machaca and ground beef.  He is very picky about his food, but he enjoyed it.  I loved my veggie enchiladas!  We were too stuffed to order dessert.  Will most certainly be back, we both really love this place.
