4	This is the second Buns location in Montreal, just like their first place on St-Catherine. Great place to get a burger, simple menu, the only thing on it is soda, grilled potatoes, hamburger, double hamburger. Also, they don't charge extra for cheese.If you want a good, simple, cheap burger, look no further.
4	Good burgers, the potatoes, are ok. but for a good burger this is the spot, with the easiest menu ever. Taxes included in prices, and no extra charge for cheese make this place a winner.
5	Although I'm not much of a burger junkie, I have to say that I had the best burger of my life here- that, or I was just really hungry. Anyway, like the other reviewers have said, the menu is very minimalistic, with only a few items. That a place can keep running with literally 6 items on the menu attests to the popularity of the place. The place itself matches the menu in that it doesn't have much going on, just a few tables and chairs.The prices are very good and the burgers are huge. Make sure you get the roasted potatoes!
4	Its Cheap, Its Fast, Its Yummy.....err not too sure on the fast part, because sure it takes a while to make them. I met one of the guys who worked there and told me about the place. Tried the double burger with the grilled potatoes. They tasted delicious and the price cheap.
4	Excellent burger - best I've had in a while.  Nothing terribly complex about the place.  Simple menu, simple concept. A great fresh burger with just the right seasonings and toppings for $5.
3	This delightful place is a straight burger joint . The first few times are cool but after your 19th or 20th time you want something more I dream of the day when a true burger Barron will come and take over Montreal and reign down a fierce burger that will rule our mouthwatering desires time and time again. Where oh where are you burger Barron!
3	It's a burger, nothing special, nothing that different. The fries were nice and the milkshake, though pricey was nice too. I would have prefered a better bun, maybe a brioche instead of the heavy and bready bun that they have.  Or maybe I have to dress like the world's weakest lumberjack to enjoy this? Okay for the price and location, but I'm not going out of my way for this.
5	You can pig out and somehow not feel gross after.
4	This is a real burger for ordinary people.  You have to love the fact that they dont start cooking it until you purchase it.  Its fresh and so are the toppings.  It may be a small place but it seems to keep busy so I will be back.  So much good food in Montreal and this is one of the places to stop when you are walking and visiting the city.  J'adore mon Montreal.  C'est Bon
2	The interior is essentially a cheap sty. At best I'd call it "bare-bone" but it's not done elegantly, it's done as if all supplies and food were purchased at Costco in a rush to construct this hamburger cooking operation. There are few seats, all mix and match, uninviting patrons, non-existent decor and decay in any direction you look. The counters smelled of bacteria you'd find on an old rag. The young dude working the grill and cash took 25 minutes to cook up two burgers, prepare a poutine and get instructed by the owner to store a new batch of their frozen fries in the freezer. At their original location they had home-made style round potato slices with crazy pepper and spices. These fries, along with the burger and molasses fake gravy poutine were not notable at all. The place is ghetto and nearly intimidating and I have no desire to eat their burgers again even for take-out.
