5	I was very, very pleased with Tatman's.  They towed my car.  They fixed my car.  They didn't send me the same form 4 times to get my insurance info like Carle did, they just called the number I gave them and got the info they needed.  I never had to pay them any money because they were so on top of the insurance, even though my repairs were of the substantial variety engendered by being run into by a guy going 30 mph.They told me the repairs would take 3 weeks, and they only took 10 days.  There was a small problem with the remote control locking when I came to pick the car up, and even though it was after 5 they fixed it, for free, right then, and gave the car a thorough inspection before letting me leave to make sure nothing else was wrong, and I was still gone 15 minutes after I came to pick the car up.  Ever single person I talked to throughout the entire experience, from the guy that towed the car to the receptionists to the guy that inspected the car after the remote problem was nice and helpful.  I would definitely recommend Tatman's to anyone who needs body work done after a car accident.
5	I agree with Sarah's review from 2007 -- Tatman's is great! We hit a deer at 75 mph in Nebraska and got our minivan repaired just enough to get us home. Tatman's and our insurance company (State Farm, which was also great during this whole thing) worked together without us having to act as go-betweens. The repairs were finished a day later than they said they would be, but I'm not complaining about that at all -- the van is fixed up just like it was. They even detailed and washed the van inside and out!The morning after we brought it home, the van began to shudder and the check engine light went on. When we brought it in on Monday they fixed it that day -- one of the spark plug wires had been bent and/or frayed and the plug wasn't firing. Since there was no way to tell if it was the work they'd done or the accident that caused it, they didn't charge us at all. Plus, since we park under a tree and there was bird crap all over the van, they washed it again -- and since it couldn't go through the power washer due to the new paint, they must have washed it by hand.
2	I used tatman's to have a few small scratches removed.  The workmanship was alright but the customer service was mediocre at best.  It took many visits to ensure the job was done correctly.  I would recommend you look elsewhere for better service.
1	Stay away from this worst place. I went there to straighten my car body frame and their quote was in line with other body shops in the area. But, it has taken them nearly 2 weeks to make a repair that should have only taken them 2 day as they promised.  Every time I was told the vehicle would be done, it wasn't. I had to call them on the days they claimed it would be done. When finally, the repaired my body frame, they fractured my windshield but they didn't informed me about it. But, luckily we noticed the crack on the windshield before leaving their premise eventhough it was raining heavily. When I asked about the broken windshield initially they refused to agree and went on to stay it was broken when I left the vehicle. Since I had photo evidence they don't want to continue their "story". Finally, they agreed that the broken windshield was their mistake but they asked me to pay extra $ 200 for their mistake. After a very long heated argument I paid nearly $ 80 for new windshield since I want to get back my car from these guys. Look elsewhere for body work especially if you are an international scholar otherwsie take picture of your vehicle before leaving over there.
5	Mark and the folks at Tatman's turned what could have been a major hassle into a minor inconvenience. I was only without my car for a week, and the on-site Hertz service took care of me. My car looks great and my inconvenience was minimal. Highly recommended.
1	Got my rear bumper 'fixed' there and a couple weeks after I got the car back, I noticed that the paint was cracked and chipping in four different places across the bumper.  They also forgot to put the fuel tank rubber seal back after fixing fender.  The lady looked at the bumper and said that someone probably hit my bumper and they don't cover chips caused by outside sources.  There was absolutely no sign of bumper flexing or denting and regardless, the paint was chipping way too much to have been properly done.  She also said I couldn't verify they were at fault for losing the rubber seal so it wasn't their problem.  And then she just went back inside.  Save yourself of dealing with a crappy maaco-grade paint job and a good-for-nothing "lifetime quality guarantee" and invest in a quality shop.  Took my other car to gallo-miller and it was much, much better quality of workmanship and customer service.
5	This is the second time I have used Tatman's and both times I have been 100% satisfied with the results.  This latest time was after hitting a deer.  It was simple to get an estimate and everyone was polite and cordial.  They handled most of the paperwork with the insurance company.  It took a few days longer than expected to finish the car but the results were worth the wait.  My Mustang has an unique paint color and they got it right.  They returned the car cleaned inside and out.  Looked great and all repair work is guaranteed for life.
