4	Along with a variety of wines and micro brew beers, this place had a very impressive lunch and dinner menu.  They do very delicious panini sandwiches, and have a wide variety of cheese to go with the wine.  If you're planning a party, they do catering platters and can help pick the perfect wine to go with them.  The only down side is that they don't start serving food until 3:00.  The upside is that they have free wine tasting on Saturdays noon-5:00.
4	Ever heard of Bitch?  No, not your ex-girlfriend or the woman who ripped off your man.  I mean a nice bottle of red wine from South Australia.  Vintner Wine Market has more wine than I knew existed.  The knowledgeable gentleman who helped me took my vague "I like X wine, but not Y wine..." explanation and led me straight to two bottles he thought I'd enjoy.  And boy did I!They have free wine tasting on Saturdays and a lunch & dinner menu.  You can also buy wine glasses here.
4	Close second in terms of beer selection behind Brawley's, occasionally they have something Brawley's doesn't, and vice versa.  Sometimes they have a few more lambics and gueuzes than Brawley's but that has reversed lately.  That said, prices are a bit higher, and the employees are both snootier and less knowledgable than Mike Brawley.  Brawley's also concentrates more on North Carolina offerings.  In contrast, Vintner's does have a wine bar and offers a ~10 beers on tap and several wines by the glass - you can imbibe while you shop.  Wine prices are also a bit high, I am not knowledgeable enough to comment on selection in that area but noticed things there are $3-$4 more than other spots in Charlotte.
4	I have heard good things about this place so I figured that I would check it out for myself. Located in a strip center, it is easy to overlook with all of the other nondescript shops. The place has a small European boutique feel. More focused on wine than beer, they still have a very respectable beer selection. The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable. All of the beer is priced as singles, with the prices clearly marked, which is a huge plus. The selction is quite extensive, if fact it may be as good as Brawleys in that aspect. I think the biggest draw is the bar with around 16 taps, all of them devoted to craft. The draft prices are fairly reasonable, but the bottle prices seem a little high. Overall, this is a terrific place to come have a couple of beers and buy a hard to find bottle or two. I think Brawleys may still have the edge for my normal everyday purchases, but this is a nice place to have a beer while shopping.
5	Awesome beer selection and ditto the wine and food.  Being a beer nerd I love the 16 beer taps, rarely I go to Vintner and have a hard time choosing taps.  Jeremy and Co. does a great job rotating taps and the bottle selection is also awesome.
4	Jeremy was behind the bar and extremely knowledgable and understanding of all my questions. I was offered samples and educated on the nuiances of each particular selection. Where else in Charlotte can you try out the beer before you grab a six pack to go? I was extremely impressed. I will be back often. Great handcrafted brews and excellent wines. Next time I will try the food. Yes they serve food as well. I am very excitied about this place. I wish they had something like this a little closer to home and my designated driver.
5	Admittedly I love the place. I'm there on the same night most weeks to savor the flavor of micro brews and wine from around the globe. Being more of a beer drinker, I generallly choose from a generous list of imports listed on the board above the bar. Jeremy, Josh, Emily, Grant (did I forget anyone) offer tastes if you're not sure. These libations are not for novices. Two beers can knock you on your b*tt. You'll find Grant, their fabulous chef, in the kitchen on busy nights. It's the best "bar" food in town! It's not your usual pub fare but rather an assortment of deliciousness that caters to more refined tastes. Their menu is seasonal and includes artisanal cheese, organic meat, flatbreads, salads, and truffles. They use locally grown herbs and vegetables. Coming from California, I find this place unique, delicious, and refreshing.
4	This is an excellent place to stop in for a superb selection of beers and wines by the glass.  They have excellent appetizers and I highly recommend the cheese plate that comes with assorted nuts, olives, jams, etc.  The interior is beautifully decorated. I generally find a bottle or two to take home as well.
4	This place rocked on Friday night!  Music by Sean Trainor was a great addition.  We enjoy the wine selection but there beer options are awesome!  The tapas style food options are delicious, it's a great place to have a date or meet friends.  It is the American version of an Irish pub.  We ran into several friends and made some new friends as well.  We have enjoyed the place since it opened but the addition of music was a great enhancement.
5	Great food and wine! Relaxing and fun atmosphere. If you haven't been here yet I highly recommend you get down there today!
1	I have visited this wine bar/store many times.  I have yet to have any experience worth writing about - my list keeps getting longer - how annoying is it to purchase the wine there, stay and possibly eat and still be charged a freakin corkage fee!  Cru and D'Vine do not do that - I was there the other night, drinking my wine that had increased in price by the $5 fee when the waitress put down the check and said they were closing and she took the liberty to close out the tab - it was 7:45 PM - hello?  Also, watched people try to access the store but were turned away because it was too close to closing time.  Who runs an establishment this way?  Sat out front with friends on several occasions and have literally had to bus my own table, get my own water and get wine glasses for newcomers.  Why do I keep going there - close to home and I just keep hoping they will improve.  Guess one can always hope!
3	This establishment offers the best of both worlds for the wine or beer  aficionado.The atmosphere is laid back and not pretentious at all. They offer both beer and wine by the glass as well as a plethora of wine and beers by the bottle. Bonus! They also have mead for those mead lovers out there. In addition to wine and beer there is a cheese and food selection changing on a daily basis. I have not had the opportunity to try out the food but will come back to see how the food stacks up to the competition.  Now for the negatives the 5.00 dollar corkage fee is somewhat bothersome especially if you purchase say a 50.00 dollar bottle of wine. I would suggest that for bottles over 30.00 the corkage fee should be waived. I know a few other establishments do not charge this fee no matter the price of the bottle or waive the fee if the bottle is priced over a certain amount. Not realizing the place closes at 8:00 PM on a Monday night I would not have purchased a bottle of wine with my friend. I felt like we had to rush drinking our wine not to mention we did not get the opportunity to try the cheese. As far as the server goes my friend and I were not sure of what wine to pick so we asked for assistance. She recommended bottles she has tried and really liked but I wish she would have made more suggestions based on the wine type we liked. Overall I do like the feel of this place but there stands some room for improvement  based on the negatives listed above.
2	Our journey to Vintner Wine Market was born in a groupon email that we decided to go for.  Half off booze and food...who are we to turn that down.  So of course we wait until the day it expires and head on over.  The place is pretty easy to find.  It's in the Arboretum shopping center and parking is easy.  Basically it's an ex-music store in a glorified strip mall but the atmosphere is as good as it can be given the circumstances.The food we can save you a lot of time on: don't bother.  It's expensive and portions are small but not in the good fancy restaurant kind of way.   The crab dip we got for an appetizer was a bit misleading unless you knew that "crab dip" actually meant "heated up mayonnaise".  And the 10 honey chipotle wings I ordered were literally the smallest wings I've ever had.  I could have held all 10 in the palm of one hand.  They were listed as free range chicken wings...if that's the case I'll take the hormones, thanks.  The flatbread pizza thingy's were ok though but a small portion.Drinks however are a different story.  Lots of beers on tap and bottled.  A whole store of wine by the bottle plus a decent by the glass selection.  We liked both (red) wines we got.  That's really the moral of the story here:  Go for the alcohol and skip the rest.We give it 2 vintners out of 5 for our experience.  Although as a place just to go for drinks we would bump that up to 3.
3	This was my first visit to Vintner's. A cool little place located in the Arboretum Shopping Center. It's got a mixture of tall & short tables along with a couple of couches to lounge on. It even has some outdoor seating too. Let's talk drinks. I'd been looking forward to the vast selection of BEER. Yes, I know it's a wine bar, but it has 16 craft beers on tap and close to 400 different bottled beer. Heaven! The guy behind the bar, Walker (Texas Ranger), was knowledgeable and helped get me started. I tried the Flying Dog Kujo Imperial Coffee Stout. It had a dark, coffee flavor which was interesting and took a moment to get use to, but I liked it. It had 8.9% alcohol. I liked that!! Next up was the Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald Porter. Now this was a tasty brew. It has a smokey kind of flavor which I really enjoyed. I got a couple of these. The wife had the OMB Copper which is always a good choice. We didn't try any of the food on this visit. I would have given them a 4 star for sure but they seem to close too early. For a Saturday night, St. Patty's Day at that, last call came at 10:45pm. Overall, a good time was had. I will definitely be back to try some more of those brews!!
1	Never again - cc before you can get a glass of wine - been ging there since there opened  - no table or any service for that matter - waste of time
5	After living near the Arboretum for several years, I'm not sure why I just heard about Vintner.  We went on a Wednesday night, and from the outside, it looks like an unassuming wine shop.  On the inside, it's such a great find!  Although their name says wine, they had some fairly rare beers on tap including St. Bernadus Christmas Ale, Founders Breakfast Stout and Mikkeller Sorachi Ale alongside Sierra Nevada Hoptimum, Foothills Hoppyum and Bell's Two Hearted & Pale Ale.  We sat at the bar, and it seemed like there was a good mix of regulars and non-regulars.  The bartender, Dana, was very friendly and answered our questions about their extensive wine cellar.  The food is heavier than some wine shops, which we appreciated since we were looking for dinner; the salami sampler and cheese sampler were both great.  The only negative was that they close at 9 p.m. on Wednesdays, and we were ready to stay longer!  It looks like they stay open later as the week goes on, so we'll have to go back on a weekend.
4	Vintner Wine Market is a cozy space to relax and pick out a great bottle of wine or beer (no liquor). Great selections of wine, from the inexpensive to hard to find vintages. But what you may not realize is the amount of specialty micro-brews they carry. Great selection in bottles as well as on tap. Great place to have an excellent beer after work and catch up with friends. Many Sunday afternoons you'll even find the 'Beer Club' hanging out & sampling interesting micro-brews. I've learned much about beer and wine on every visit. The food is excellent. Much better than many bars that serve larger and more varied menus. Try something off the menu next time your in and you won't be disappointed. Definitely stop by and ask them to help you pick out a good bottle of wine or beer.
4	Stopped in here for the first time yesterday while scouring Charlotte for some Hopslam.  The guy behind the counter couldn't have been nicer.  In full disclosure I've been wanting to come here and visit based solely off their food menu.  It looks incredible!  Tons of wine to choose from and some real personable service really put this place head and shoulders above some of the other wine markets.  Add to that the supposed great food and you've got a triple threat!
4	When I was in Wisconsin I was a regular at a family owned wine bar. So when I returned home for good I kept looking for a wine bar with the same feel as the one in WI. Vintner is it. I love the feel of the place. It feel warm and inviting. The staff is always friendly and the regulars there don't make you feel like a stranger. If you want a  place to enjoy wine and unwined this is the place.
4	Great selection of wine and beer - which is the best of both worlds for my boyfriend and I who have very different tastes from each other. There are rows and rows of wine bottles for sale, and a decent selection of specialty beers as well. I think they do beer tastings from time to time, but I'm not 100% of when because I personally go for the wine. Atmosphere is very cozy - a couple couches/comfy chairs and a few tables. This is a wonderful place to go to relax and have a conversation with someone, there's no loud music and the crowd's not very rowdy. A couple of tv's are over the bar that are usually playing whatever game is on. There's also a small outside area that's great during the warmer months, and there's decent people watching in the busy Arboretum shopping center. There are a few menu items - my favorite is the spicy queso dip with chips or the hummus with pitas. Yummmmmy!
4	Stopped in here for a glass of wine the other night for the first time.  The are located in the Arboretum near Bruce Julian's (another fav spot!)The store has wine all around the outside and tables on the interior and a patio.  You can go select your wine and take it to the counter and order some delicious food.  Or check out the specials - they are listed near the bar in the back.  You can stop in for a drink here or you can get a few bottles to take home.  Great socializing - it is a neighborhood spot.  There were some couples on dates and larger parties when we went.  The staff was super nice and the food came out fast.I think we got a few apps which were great and complimented the wine.  Wish it was closer to home!  :-)
4	I was overwhelmed and enthralled by this place!! I stopped Friday night on my way home from work as it was close to my house and I needed to get something for a party I was heading to.  There were already people hanging out outside and inside was packed full of people relaxing having a beer/glass of wine.  When I walked in there are shelves and shelves lining the walls top to bottom of wine and beer selections. They have coolers with items chilled ready to drink there (as well as a small bar with selections on tap) and then hundreds of choices to take home.  I was just standing there gazing at the beer selections until I stumbled upon bottles of Son of a Peach (I can't tell you just how much I love this stuff!!).  I bought all 5 (would have gotten an even 6 but they only had 5).  Turns out kickstand has this stuff on tap, so I now have a reason to go back there lol.  Anyways I gave them 4 stars because no one was very helpful. I kind of had to do my own thing and then figure out where to checkout etc. I did end up paying at the bar because I blindly didn't see the checkout counter at the front door lol. So if you do go FYI you can check out at the front door ;-)
5	My wife and I stopped in here for a glass of wine before our dinner reservation and immediately felt right at home with the bartender and clientele. Almost wished we didn't have to leave to go to dinner, the place was so warm and inviting. An excellent rotating draft beer selection and wines by the glass. You can also have them uncork any wine from their broad selection and any of the bottled craft beers as well. Can't wait until we can go back again!
3	For a beer selection and wine selection it's great... To sit and have a meal it's not a good idea... It is NOT a Resturant and has no service... The bar bites we had were good, but you have to get up every time and grab a glass of wine or beer or even a water..... The help wasn't the best either, a better attitude would have been nice...
4	Don't judge a book by its cover.....  I anticipated this "Wine Market" to be the type of place where you go in to buy a bottle or two and walk out.  You can, but it's really much more than that.  Not really a true bar, it has a cult-like following as a neighborhood gem.  ~10 tables.  A few outside tables.  Roughly 20 craft beers and ~10 wines by the glass available.  Most of the time, you have to order from the bar and then sit back down (depending on how busy the serving crew may be).Staff are VERY knowledgeable re: wine/beer tastes and alcohol content.  Witty and interactive but not pushy.I guess the part that impresses me most (besides the bar-like environment in a market), is the food.  They have a flatbread that is phenomenal.  Cheese plates are great.Just a fun neighborhood joint.
4	One of my favorite spots in Charlotte to share a beer or a bottle of wine with friends, or just to kick back after a long day at the office. Though it has hundreds of bottles to choose from, Vintner is SO much more than just a wine market. You can also get lost in their diverse selection of craft beers, including the nearly 20 they rotate on tap. And the appetizer selection, while not extensive, is enough to provide a tasty accompaniment to any drink. I absolutely LOVE that Vintner's is just a short drive from us in South Charlotte, and plan to be back MANY times in the years ahead!
4	I love this place. It's right in our neighborhood, priced right and it has an inviting atmosphere. They always have a good draft beer and wine selection. Their flat breads are really good. I didn't give them a 5 star because the place is very small, so it gets too crowded on the weekends, it's hard to find a place to sit.
