5	It's a nice park on the water. We don't have a lot of these in AZ! There are 5 miles of multi-use (bike, walk, run, rollerblade, whatever) paths. You can reserve a picnic table, rent a boat, spash in this water thingy during warm months, and take a nice walk. It's a fun place to go kill a few hours, it's free, and it's close to Mill Ave. Kind of hard to go wrong!
5	Tempe Beach Park - such a gem in our landlocked State...Sure, it's a man-made water source, and yes - it's pretty nasty if you plan on swimming inside Tempe Town Lake, but it's gorgeous during the day and at night too!I've done a handful of triathlons that started and ended at Tempe Beach Park, and most recently, I did the PetSmart Walk (go team Yelp) that took place at the park as well... With the proximity of the park to ASU / Mill Ave, it really is a fun place to go hang for an afternoon - no matter what's going on there...My only words of wisdom - don't swallow the lake water!
5	The best part about the Tempe Beach are the festivals and events that happen here almost every weekend. The Tempe Beach is a great venue for enjoying the outdoors, especially in the Spring and Fall. New Years Eve and 4th of July events happen here yearly, as well as many festivals, concerts and other events. This year I've been to The Great Arizona Beer Festival and the Arizona Chicks with Picks Music Fest, both of which were amazingly fun and relaxing. Just walking around the park or sitting on the grass listening to music, with (or without) a beer in my hand in the great weather really helps me realize why I live here and makes the summers a little more manageable.Check out a list of upcoming events on the Downtown Tempe site:http://www.downtowntempe.com/It is really easy to get to from I-10, and the 101 and 202 (as well as the Light Rail), so there's no excuse! Close by are Mill Ave, ASU, Papago Park and the Oakland A's spring training park, so you can easily spend a day enjoying the outdoors in Tempe.
5	This is a sweet place, and unexpected in the desert. I have been here in the past for paddle boating on the lake, concerts in the park and a few runs. This past weekend I ran the Frank Kush 5K - lots of people and their dogs, good weather and a nice gathering spot. The area has many portable bathrooms, picnic tables and even a baseball field. When someone from out of state visits, I often try to bring them here - especially if there is an event being held.
4	So nice to hang around here at night...catch a sunset with someone special...The illuminated bridges, dual skylines of Tempe and Phoenix, the beach volleyball courts and the whole ambiance in general. It's all so serene. It makes me feel at peace with myself. Tempe Beach Park is a jewel.
5	What a nice place to spend time with someone special, especially at night.  We ran around the park like teenagers watching the moving illiminated lights as they changed color.  We stood under the railroad bridge as a train passed overhead.  A great place for a first kiss!
4	I'm writing about the volleyball courts on the north side of Tempe Town Lake. The courts are very nice with deep sand that was used across the bridge for the AVP events when the AVP used to come to Tempe. They are free to use and have sprinklers for the summer time when the sand gets hot.The draw backs are the nets are pretty worn out and there are only portapotties for restrooms. The other problem is that the courts are set up east/west as opposed to north/south so the sun can be brutal depending on the time of the day.All in all this is a nice facility and you can get pretty competitive games on Saturday mornings.
3	Took park in the Lifetime Fitness Reindeer Run, well our daughter did.  It was a great event at a great park!Parking was a bit confusing to a first timer.
5	Great park, great runs, and just nicely kept up.  Thanks!
5	Great place to go workout or relax! Workout here every Tues/Wed/Thurs with the Marines at 0600. It's a perfect location to start a run, you can run around all or half of Tempe Town Lake, go through the hilly paths of Papago or even head down Mill to "A" Mountain or ASU's Main Campus.The scenery is great and there is a huge open grass area along with a playground and softball field. The bathrooms are kept very clean and there are consistently cleaning crews picking up and doing maintenance. It's a great place to go workout or relax.The only downside is when there is going to be a big event because the parking lot is kind of small. At times to make matters worse, they've shut down half of it to accommodate for the crews setting up the events days before hand.Overall, awesome park... Thank you Tempe!
5	Simply one of my favorite places to be in the US. The river some call it a Lake, sun is usually shinning and boats are beautiful to view. I ride my bike on this trail and stop in this area for a rest everytime. Very clean, lots of parking just of the Freeway.
4	I just started Stand Up Paddle Boarding here, and the conditions and people are great! The grounda are very clean and well kept.
4	Awesome place to walk dogs, ride bikes, and watch the other people enjoying the trails and lake.
5	Tempe Beach Park is truly a special treat to Phoenix. No, we might not have an ocean or even a lake, but we do have a large canal that was converted into "Tempe Town Lake" several years ago and with that, they built up a wonderful Tempe Beach Park. Where to even begin? Tempe Beach Park really has it all. It has plenty of grass alongside the water for people to picnic and relax on, it has a playground for children to play on and it has plenty of permanent and visiting activities throughout the year. For the permanent activities, one of my favorites are the paddle boat rentals. It's such a fun activity that someone of any age can enjoy it. Whether you have a family, you're on a date, or you simply want to do something entertaining with friends, going to Tempe Town Lake for a picnic and some paddle boating makes for a great weekend day. Tempe Town Lake also has an awesome jogging/biking trail that goes for miles. In addition, they have a dock for boats and I'm pretty certain you can rent boats and kayaks to take on the lake.  Now moving on to the visiting events. I feel like every major event comes to Tempe Beach Park. In the fall, the Oktoberfest comes to town. In March, they have a huge St. Patty's Day event. They have Greek Fest's, sister city events, art fairs and a plethora of concerts and walks throughout the year. This is a great resource to look into if you are ever looking for a fun festival or event, or you are organizing one and looking for the perfect venue. So while we might not have a natural water source in the Valley, they have done an amazing job of converting the water we do have into a family-fun atmosphere for all.
5	Beautiful place to watch fireworks on 4th of July! A truly romantic place as you can see the moon reflection on the lake and as you walk on the park, there's a lot of colorful lighting that lights your way. This is my great escape place when I need to wind up.
4	This is one of my favorite places in the valley. This is where you can relax, play, and exercise. When there is a big event or holiday, there is always something going on down here. If you could only get in the water, then it would have 5 stars but with it being so close to the university I can understand the risk management.
5	I adore Tempe Beach Park ! Stopped by for Oktoberfest over the weekend ( which was great by the way). I love being able to go and sit on the ledge overlooking the water. You kind of forget you're in the middle of the desert for a brief moment and then you stand up and see all the dirt all over you and reality kicks back in.  You can walk and hang out, paddle boat, bike trails etc. Great place to visit!
5	I went stand up paddle boarding here yesterday with Sarah H, a class through the city of Tempe, and we had a ball.  I was a little worried at first but it turned out to be pretty easy and a lot of fun.  Just being in the marina with the smell of the water and the sail boats everywhere reminded me of San Diego.  I never realized a piece of home was so close!
5	Love this park!  Always great events going on here, especially during the Fall months.  The ~5 mile path around the lake is great for jogging or bicycling.  This is my dog's favorite place to run!  The new pedestrian bridge is now open adding a new crossing point at the Tempe Center for the Arts (Which is an awesome looking building and a great part of the park).  The lake is stocked with trout during the cold months but the fishing permit for them is kinda pricey (you can get it at local sporting stores like Dick's).
5	My favorite feature of Tempe. I always take my dog running or ride my bike at the lake. I also have gone fishing and kayaking here. They just restocked the lake with trout for the fall, so it's the perfect time to get out my fishing pole! This park houses lots of events, festivals, races, etc. It's the heart of the town with two lighted bridges that have beautiful reflections at night. Good for the end to a first date! Hint hint!
3	Although the park is a bit more run down this past season we still enjoyed it.My 5 yr old is finally big enough to go down the big slide, good thing because the small one isn't there anymore...I'm sure that its terribly expensive to run a  water park with on site staff and I am very grateful for the park at all but it was much better before it was remodeled. I can see that the rubberized surface takes quite a beating from our little critters. LOVE the park and will keep coming back, its a great use of tax money! Hate to see it getting run down, I'm sure it will be a great childhood memory for my girl.The park is an all around great venue, boating, fishing, water trail, wide open grass area, I hope that money keeps being spent on it to keep it nice.
5	Just about my favorite place in Arizona. I love to run, bike or walk around at this park. They also have boat rentals which I recommend! Great for a picnic or having ice cream with friends. The view at sunset is breathtaking! They have events like beer fests, marathons and concerts throughout the year. And the best fireworks in the area for the Fourth of July. If you love the outdoors and haven't been here, you are missing out!
3	This is a great place to come to just to take in some fresh air. There isn't much area to play in with a ball because it tends to get in other people's way. Also, the ball may go into the water. There are a few things for people to do with boats in the water. And it was too early for the splash part to be open. I was VERY impressed with the bathrooms. They were very clean. The hand dryers weren't working though. I can see this place getting crowded on a beautiful day, but other than that, I will attend there often.
5	My favorite dog friendly activity on the weekends! On a beautiful day, it's the best spot to take your dog and walk around the park. Lots of  doggy bags stations, very clean and not too crowded that your avoiding bikers, rollerbladers and runners all the time, especially with a dog sniffing around on a leash. The lake also makes it a nice cool walk when the breeze hits the water. Also, lots of parking in various areas. I find parking close to the lake and marina is a better option with lots of available parking.Only negatives is that each weekend there is always some big festival, marathon, charity walk, etc, so the streets and public parking is all closed off so it's tough to find a place to park. Also, there needs to be more watering stations for dogs and people out walking and running. Also bathrooms are scarce and not placed well at all for such a huge park.While there are lots of events on the weekends, the good part is, most are dog friendly. I've done several charity dog walks here and each have been different, but really fun.Mill Avenue is also close by and there are several great outdoor dining options for your pets and you to enjoy after a great walk at the park.
3	I give it a 3* just cuz it smelled like really strong pesticide in a few of the grassy areas. Really? Why do you need pesticide spray there? There's children and pets playing all around on the grass!! Positives: The walkway right along the lake is great! And the "new" pedestrian bridge is nice. I say "new" cuz I'm not totally sure when they built it, but just recently noticed it. Great play area for kids and picnic tables in the back area. Overall, great fun in the sun place for a date, family day, friends and family outing.
4	This park makes me want to pack it all up and move to Tempe. It has it all, and hosts many major events because it has the space. And you are right there at the edge of DT Tempe. What more could you want? The lake is beautiful, walking next to it is beautiful. And now you can walk over the new pedestrian bridge too. Love this park!
5	Very nice park, you can run, bike, kayak, row, paddle board, rollerblade, hike and its in the middle of downtown Tempe.  Everything happens here.
2	It's difficult to rate the park itself.  I came here for the "Oktoberfest".  I couldn't see much of the park because of all the booths.I can say that the "Oktoberfest" was utter crap.  I've been to the real one in Munich.  This wasn't even close.  First, "Oktoberfest" is not a carnival.  So what is with those stupid rides?  And when you get a beer, it's in a tiny (TINY!) cup.  The real deal you get a pint.  Sure, it's still over-priced even in Munich.  But at least they give you a decent quantity.  Also, the selection was a joke.  There was Warsteiner (probably the best of the choices), Bud (are you kidding me?), Beck's, and Shock Top.  That's it.  In Munich there are about a dozen halls (I didn't count), each featuring a different brewer.  Here they expected the crowds to get their beer at a counter, which made for huge congestion and crowding.  The proper way is to have everyone sit on the benches (at really long picnic tables) and a bar maid brings you what you want.  Much more efficient that way as there are only bar maids running around instead of hundreds of patrons.Seriously...the Tempe "Oktoberfest" is a complete waste of time and money.  Will never go again.I suspect the park itself might be nice if it's not shoulder-to-shoulder full of people and booths selling junk food.
4	A very nice park with long, wide trails, both gravel/dirt and paved.  It's a good option for jogging, or walking your dog.  There are a fair amount of trees to provide shade as you go down the paths, and the grass is well-maintained.  Although there seems to be a fair number of people with dogs that go here, most of the owners seem to do a good job picking up after their dogs.  There are fountains at dog and human level, and dog bags available scattered throughout the park.  Parking isn't too much of a problem, since there are a lot of spaces available.  I haven't tried any of the water activities here, but I did see someone paddleboarding, and it looked pretty cool!
4	Whenever I'm at Tempe Beach Park, 99% of the time it's for a triathlon or open water swimming event.The park itself is really pretty, with nice facilities that are usually unlocked and stocked with TP (but I always bring my own just in case).The water in Tempe Town Lake is really gross.  If you're swimming in it (during a legally sanctioned event!  Swimming in it any time is illegal), don't drink it.  You'll get sick.  Trust me on this one.
5	First time here for the Christmas light parade and had a great time. Love the lake and how the bridges are lit and reflect off the water. Would love to go in the day time to check out all the restraints close by.
5	My favorite walking area in Valley.  Do a lot of 1/2 marathon training here.
5	I absolutely adore Tempe beach park! I am so lucky to live just one quick mile away from here. I run in this park and around the lake a few times a week and it is always clean, safe and busy but not too packed. Tempe wouldn't be Tempe without this park. I heart Tempe!
5	There having an aloha festival here today, Great Hawaiian food, real Leis for sale (orchids)
4	I've only really been here for concerts & it's a great venue! Lots of grassy space to spread out on, great sound, more than enough parking surrounding the area & lots of restaurants within walking distance. There is no shade, so word to the wise, ALWAYS wear your sun screen ;) This is AZ people, even when the sun isn't out, you're gonna toast. It's painful to see the sea of bright red people!
5	I love Tempe Beach Park.  They host a wide range of events throughout the year.  From triathlons to salsa festivals, this is a great spot.  It's also convenient and close to the light rail for those beer festivals.
4	Love going for a walk around this park during the daytime or even at night. At night the bridges and Tempe Center for the Arts are all lit up and look really nice. On my last walk around the lake my friend and I noticed all the little plaques surrounding the water with cheesy nature sayings/poems. Stuff like "the wind is nature's answer to any question." Anyway, it gave us a good laugh to walk around and make fun of those quotes (no offense to any of the authors).Parking is never a problem for me. There is that little parking lot on Rio Salado near where you can rent kayaks. That place usually fills up quickly, but further down Rio Salado you can park at the Tempe Center for the Arts. Or you can park in that free lot across the street from Macayo's (I parked there during a recent triathlon and had no issues finding a space; just be sure to park in the public section and not the section for apartment residents).Too bad they don't have more shaded areas!
5	This is my favorite place in the valley.  There is nothing that can compare to the beauty of a walk along the water here.  I love to be on the North side which is the side that people rarely go to.  They are missing out because its all redone with volleyball courts and new walk ways and gardens and the view of the other side is just awesome especially at night which is my absolute favorite time to go walking there.
4	Tempe Beach Park is a great place to come spend the day. It's fairly large and easy to get around. There are some great paved paths for skating or bike riding, fishing, peddle boat rentals, and the splash park. This is just a handful of what the park has to offer.The splash park is what we mainly come for. It can get pretty crowded but there are covered picnic tables in one area off the playground or there are some seats closer to the water...be prepared to get a little wet. There are a lot of great features for kids of all ages, and since there is only an inch of water or two in the "deepest" area, it's great for babies as well. I used to bring my seven year old here when she was a baby and I don't remember there being staff around, but when we came last weekend there was someone up by the slide to make sure that kids were taking turns and some other people were set up in the main water area. Parking can be a challenge, especially on the weekend, but there is street parking nearby. There is a ton of grass, and if you come prepared to have a bbq, there are some grills set up around the park. I have seen people bring their own as well but I'm not sure what the rules are regarding that. If you plan on coming on a weekend or holiday, just double check that there aren't any special events going on.
5	This is a great place to run!
5	my man jake had a little scare the other night. now hes from chandler. cae to tempe to hit up casey moores with your truly. after i buy him drinks and oyster he dissapear to tempe town lake.... i went to find him. found him behind a pile of rocks with a bunch of homeless street kids with dread smoking drugs! not my kind of idea of fun. i cant get any effect of drug i cant get high. i only drink beer
4	Best view of the largest fireworks show in Arizona every 4th of July, the event produced by the Kiwanis Club of Tempe.
5	i can't believe i haven't written a review of this yet, considering i've been here a thousand times. this was however the first time i've gone and there hasn't been some sort of event going on. it's actually quite peaceful!we went to rent SUP for an hour. the park is just great i think. there's a water play area for kids and it's located right off the fun strip of Mill. tempe beach park hosts numerous festivals and events throughout the year. fun, fun, fun.
5	How wonderful that us desert dwellers can come here and enjoy a little aquatic "therapy"! Tempe Beach Park is home to various festivals and gatherings, but it's also a nice place to come on a quiet day and just enjoy the view. They have bathrooms nearby and you're right near all the Mill Ave restaurants if you get hungry. It's a great place to jog, bike ride, etc. The water park for kids is open right now, and if you can get a shady spot you can picnic too. Today we tried stand up paddle boarding from the local rental kiosk. Sometimes it's easy to forget all of our local community activities that are there all the time!
4	TBP is a great place for an evening stroll or run, the man made lake is a real treat to be around. It's lovely when it isn't very busy but it's also great when there are big events going on. :) I want to rent a pontoon and blast around in the water some day soon
4	This is one of my favorite spots in the Phoenix area.I'm fortunate enough to be able to see it on mornings that I take the light rail to work, but the place really shines at night. In cooler months (note: Phoenicians typically consider anything 90 degrees or below as "fall weather), it's an awesome place for a late afternoon/early evening run or just walk in the park. You'll see runners, families with their kids, and ASU students out enjoying the weather. Great to people watch, or, if you're feeling up to it, renting a kayak (I haven't tried it yet but hope to soon).My favorite spot at night is the dam on the west end of the lake, over by the performing arts center. It's a spectacular view as the sun is setting and the area lights up once it gets dark. Perfect spot if you're looking for somewhere to take your date.This is a pretty popular location for events. Oktoberfest takes place here every year and I'm told it's quite the scene.Downside: Be aware of your surroundings once it gets dark. It's a nice time to enjoy the view and weather, and the times I've been there have been plenty of other people around, but homelessness is a big problem in Tempe and this is one of the areas they tend to congregate in.
5	I hosted a meetup event here, and it was fantastic!  The ladies loved the location and the walkways were perfect!
4	Hanging out for Oktoberfest and I had a great time. I love Tempe Beach Park. It's nice to go sit by the lake at night. Peaceful. Also nice for a jog or a bike ride.
3	I participated in the Making Strides Against Breast Cancer Walk this past weekend.  I joined the crowd of over 10,000 people here at Tempe Beach Park for the festivities before/after the walk.  This park is large and easily accommodated the big crowd.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tempe-beach-park-tempe?select=p_wr37nWQioJtvltx-7p8g#p_wr37nWQioJtvltx-7p8ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tempe-beach-park-tempe?select=3stZNdmrfok1BCQWnvpruQ#3stZNdmrfok1BCQWnvpruQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tempe-beach-park-tempe?select=AG8uinJ79JQFyVAo_8QATA#AG8uinJ79JQFyVAo_8QATAParking was easy, with lots at the park plus parking garages nearby.  The weather was perfect and the walk was a lot of fun.  The best part of the walk was the final 3/4 mile which was down along the lake back to the park....very cool.I would come back for another large event or just to hang out and watch all of the boats in the water.Return Factor - 90%
4	A great place to rollerblade, fish, paddleboat, ride a bike, fly a kite, and chill after stuffing yourself at one of the delicious places to eat at nearby Mill Avenue. There's a mini water splash park that is a great place to take the kids in the summer when the funds are too low for a real waterpark.
5	This is such a great waterfront park and event venue!  There are lovely paths for walking, jogging, biking, etc. and plenty of grass and trees for copping a squat with a good book or a snack.  There are lots of clean bathrooms, and the whole park in general is always really clean.  You can rent peddle boats and ride on the lake - a super fun and not terribly spendy activity.  The entrance is big and easy to find, and the whole area is really cute, so no matter where you find parking, the little walk to the park will be nice.  All of the events I've  attended that were held here, from cruiser rides to beer fests to runs, have been well-organized and spread easily over the massive space, so there's no claustrophobic feeling, even among lots and lots of people. A walk here in the evening is a wonderful way to wrap up a night and relax after dinner in Tempe.  I've been here so many times and I've never felt unsafe - it's a clean, safe, beautiful park on the water.
5	Awesome waterfront park! If you like to walk, jog, bike... Or just have a picnic, this is the place for you. They have a few public restrooms too. Very close to restaurants. There is a water park and playground for kids. Well lit at night too! Check it out!
5	Finally checked out the Aloha Festival today- took a Saturday off work, and the event happened to fall on this day.  We (Kevin H., Marian H., and I) were glad to arrive early (11'ish am), as there already were long lines at some of the vendors.  After doing the "once around," Kevin decided to line up at "Paradise," and after some talk, Marian decided to line up at the vendor with the "EGGROLL" banner, and see which of the lines would go faster (hers did).  It was a long wait, but once our turns came up, the ordering, paying, and receiving processes went fast.  As it turned out, part of the reason was that there wasn't much food to be had for $10...Since Kevin had had his fill of BBQ yesterday, he decided to skip the heavy pork and beef and go for the meat jun and BBQ chicken plate lunch (with rice and macaroni salad), but instead received meat jun and kalbi (short ribs).  Meat jun is a Korean dish of thinly-sliced beef marinated with soy sauce, minced garlic, and sugar, which is then coated with a flour and egg batter and pan-fried.  It was accompanied by a red dipping sauce that stumped Kevin and Marian.  I just rechecked the recipe I found on foodland.com earlier and it calls for a dipping sauce made with soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, sesame oil, and red/black pepper.  The sauce Kevin and Marian tried looked like it had the red pepper blend minus the soy sauce.  I tried the meat jun and found it to be too sweet for my liking.  It reminded me of a Filipino torta (omelet, sort of), but ours are made with ground beef, garlic, and onions- definitely a savory dish, although often paired with ketchup, or even better- banana ketchup!  I usually just skip the sugar and enjoy the torta as a savory dish, but I digress...  I just ordered the short ribs, hold the rice, and instead asked for two scoops of mac salad. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tempe-beach-park-tempe?select=Aqkd_iBCRsvyuFsTdE8jsw#GdfF4jvzBJPcnWmf8vaC-w  The salad was OK-- too much mayonnaise!  Nice flavor, though.  Overall, everything was just so-so and not worth $10. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tempe-beach-park-tempe?select=Aqkd_iBCRsvyuFsTdE8jsw#dWOvXgEZ5fMkR0UsyKnd-QMarian's plate featured a stick of battered and fried large shrimp and a stick of BBQ chicken.  The chicken had a nice color to it and had a nice mouth-feel, but I wasn't too impressed.  The ribs I ordered were mostly bone and very fatty.  I'd say that 20 to 25% of what I received was actual meat-- the rest were bones, fat, and connective tissue.  The meat that I tried was OK, nothing special.We also had some shave ice, but I didn't get the name of the vendor I got them from.  For $6 a pop, I could get up to three flavors, and I asked if I could also get adzuki beans and condensed milk added, as well, and the rep said OK.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tempe-beach-park-tempe?select=Aqkd_iBCRsvyuFsTdE8jsw#pt1Zmf-pRqyIcE3vVyHHxw  No added costs- cool!  Pretty certain that many people are unfamiliar with authentic HI shaved ice and so wouldn't order the additional stuff, so it was very considerate of the vendor no to charge extra for those who wanted them-- THANK YOU!  The shaved ice was alright- we tried Lihing mui, passion fruit, and guava, plus the beans and condensed milk.  I'd have to say my faves were the passion fruit and guava, which surprised me as I was looking forward to the Lihing Mui the most.  Perhaps there'll be another shaved ice vendor next year, because I will make sure to get the Saturday off work to attend! Afterwards, we wanted to walk off some of those calories, so we took it to the lakeside and walked down to Tempe's Center for the Arts.  Nice place (check my review there).  Also, always a great plus to use restroom facilities, instead of stinky port o' potties.  (I just got shivers down my spine imagining using one of those!)I'd have to say the best part, and I'm sure Kevin and Marian would agree, was hanging around one of the tents were Keoki Kahumoku and others held a workshop of sorts- a dynamic group of people who wanted to learn a few strumming styles and music breaks.  We saw people handing out ukeleles for others to practice with.  I found it fascinating that Keoki would call out chord changes, strum a few bars, call out animal noises, and then just have everyone dive in and play a song that progressively improved as more and more people gained their confidence and played, while Keoki sang in Hawai'ian and made animal noises-- so much fun!  With the gentle breezes flowing by, food aromas wafting in the air, and dancers springing up to hula dance, it almost felt like we were in Hawai'i!  Oh, and the OC-6 model we ended up dining next to was pretty sweet!  Kind of made up for the fact that there weren't any malasadas...
4	All thru the fall and winter I was thinking about how tragically under utilized this park is. I can see it from my office window and I rarely saw anyone walking around at all. Now that the warmer temps are back and they have started up the boat rentals there are some people enjoying the space. But they all seem to be tourists. I don't know why all the ASU students don't come down here in between their classes and just camp out and read. It is so peaceful with all the green grass, sunshine, and the breeze coming off the lake. Just lovely. I really enjoy walking over there with my lunch and just enjoying the outdoors for a short time in the middle of the day. They have plenty of benches and tables (even small charcoal BBQ grills!) so that is easy to do. Unfortunately they don't have a swing set or jungle gym or anything like that for kids. There is a play area but I recently realized that the whole thing is a big splash pad so I guess it would not be much fun if the water is not turned on. Anyway, it is a great place to walk, run, or bike and I do see quite a few people do that on the path that runs from the east end of the lake to the Tempe Center for the Arts. Still, it is pretty empty most weekdays. I think the city mainly built it as a festival venue (on those weekends it is packed!) but Tempe Beach Park is a great place just to hang out any day!
1	A sad name! No beach, no swimming!What is the point in 110 degrees?Reflective, the only thing reflective is all the concrete. Waste of natural resources. All I could think of, standing on the sidewalk was this: http://youtu.be/j7OHG7tHrNM
4	Beach, Beach, Beach! Who knew there would be a 'semi beach' looking place in Arizona? I didn't. This would be the closest you'll get for an Arizona beach. The water here is not meant for swimming, so don't get all dressed up for it. Tempe Beach park is a great place to bring your dog for a walk/run or bring family for a walk or to hang out. I don't think there's place for you to BBQ, however, you can bring food for picnic. This beach/park is big, so you can have a gathering here. Bring some activities such as football, volleyball or kite to play. Just make sure not to have it end up in the water, else you'll have to get it yourself. Haha. I would suggest to come here when the days are cool. Like I said, you can't dip your feel into the water since it's not meant for dipping. :/
5	It was fun going there. the good time though to go there is 6:30 a.m Because we went at 7:40 it had sunshine so we didnt do much of walking there , we rather went Downtown to grab coffee and checked the timings for Boating at Tempe Town Lake next to Tempe Beach Park Or you may say right with it.
4	In serious need of some additional trees to provide shade. Other than that it's a great area for events.
3	Great for a night stroll, a jog, a bike ride, an evening walk with the dog, and they even host pretty cool stuffs, like the recent Ironman, tons of charity walks, other triathlons, even concerts, and Oktoberfest.  The ducks are always fun to watch as they race each other for no good reason, and swim towards you in hordes as they stare at you expectantly, waiting for food.  Tons of wildlife (roaches included) despite it being completely man-made, which always ends up being a bit of a treat (or nasty surprise if you realized you just almost stepped on a gigantic roach).  I love the place, but that doesn't mean I love everything about it.  The main deterrent for me is that the water is downright filthy.  For several weeks this summer, within the duration of a short run, I could count at least 10 dead fish floating in the lake.  Needless to say, the area reeked like dead fish.  Also, because there are so many events, parking is often unexpectedly blocked off, throwing off your afternoon/evening plans.  But alas, it is a great park despite its shortcomings.
3	i've always loved going to Tempe Beach Park. today i decided bring my dog here for her first time (and my first time in a long long time). however i was sadly disappointed. this place is seriously in need of repair. it's dingey  and broke down. for being right next to a lake, the grass is incredibly dried out. there are several street lights that line the sidewalks inside the park, they are all faded and one is even missing completely! the concrete base and the iron bolts on the bottom are there but the pole is gone! it just stands out to me. there are 2 sets of restrooms that are inoperable and have been replaced by newer ones, but they still remain in the park, unused. what a big eyesore! also i wonder why there aren't more paddle boat and kayak/canoe rentals around there? i wanted to take my dog on a paddle boat, but they had a sign that said 'no dogs' :(
