5	A small bank of tables plays peek-a-boo behind some stunning women's clothing. If you didn't know any better, you wouldn't know it was there to begin with. And then somehow in the moments between stepping in off the street and sitting down, you're swept away. I don't recall if music was actually playing but in my head there played a French song I had never consciously heard before. Mandys does this to you. Transcended. We arrived for a late lunch and found ourselves to be the only two dining. The salad menu is extensive. Build your own or culinary masterpieces (if salad is allowed to be considered in the masterpiece category of course) ranged from meat forward to cheese forward and fruit in between. I picked a Man Salad. Plenty of meat including bacon, heaps of vegetables including avocado and a caesar/ranch dressing. I know, it doesn't sound like anything unbelievable when I utter the ingredients, but there's something about how this salad is made -- perhaps with love? It won my heart as I crunched all to greedily on perfectly proportioned -- hefty bowl -- of lettuce and veggies. If you come hungry, you'll leave satiated and feeling healthy! The bowls are truly meal sized. And the sister owners? Well, their radiance beamed on all of the walls too! I sense they're going to be seeing me again!
5	It's official, Salad is back on my Radar!This place does one thing and one thing right... Salad. Wow. They have a fantastic selection of belly filling giant salads. And I mean GIANT! I used to think that a salad wasn't a dinner, well from Mandy's it is. I highly recommend you give this place a try. Today!
5	The most interesting things in life are the pleasantly unexpected and Mandy's is definitely pleasantly unexpected! Located in the back of a clothing store, there is a magical salad making place! We've all seen salads, they come on the side of your plates, in a little bowl, and sometimes it even comes on a square dish which makes you think wow, that's a decent size salad. At Mandy's, you got eat your salad twice! Well at least I do. It's been 4 visits to Mandy's so far, there are tables to sit at or you could have it to go, but they are literally the dream saladmakers. I say this because of the amount of fresh ingredients they have, and they are super accommodating when you want to change an ingredient.  So far I haven't been able to deviate away from the Man Salad, but I also thing that it's because I don't come here frequent enough and when I think of Mandy's now that's all I think of. I substitute the bacon for black beans, and like I said, relaxed and smiley staff that don't even think twice about it.I think the only difficult part for me, is getting here at the right time, I find myself working all over Montreal, so sometimes I will be nearby when it closes or before it opens, but I heard they have delivery for that. So YES, get off your butt and go to Mandy's, it's the treasure that's been waiting for you here in Montreal.
5	Biggest salads on the planet! Tucked away in the back of Mimi and Coco's clothing shop on Laurier, Mandy is whipping up some amazing/yummy/huge ass salads. SO much choice, options and the bowls are so pretty on top of it. I love how the windows in the back make it such  bright, serene little nook of a place to refuel between bouts of shopping. The ladies here are pretty darn amazing and you will have enough salad for the next day and it tastes just as yum :) I hear they have a take-out option, I will have to give that a go for sure.
5	I love this place. I don't know how "healthy" the salad is but man oh man is it ever good!!! Just thinking about their salads makes my mouth water. A must try!!!
5	interesting stories never start with "while i was having a salad" but there's always an exception in life. mandy's is the exception!they whipped up some very tasty sexy salads tucked away in mimi's boutique.that man salad is simply delish. yes, i enjoy salad very much especially on hot days. portions are totally fine for one hungry person. it'll filled you right up. service was pretty fast.they do delivery but apparently, not in my hood. they do close early compare to their westmount location.price wise, found it to be a bit expensive. nonetheless, like momma said, gotta eat your greens!
