5	Dr. Calderon and his staff are the best.They always go out of their way to help you and make you feel good.
5	First off, I would like to make sure that you, the reader is aware that they have moved to a new location. I have messaged Yelp several times about the new address but looks like they havnt gotten around to it yet. The new address is 2810 West Charleston Blvd. Building F. Suite 53.This new office is twice as big with more chairs and some tables with magazines. Parking is about the same. It's not a lot, but enough for you to find a spot for you not to walk so far.I like going here because of the two doctors I see. One being Dr Calderon who is my primary care doctor. The other just recently is my cardiologist Dr Aquino. Both are nice and tend to my needs accordingly. The typical wait for my appointments here don't take half the day just like my last unnamed primary care doctor. The receptionist and medical assistants do an awesome job of getting my paperwork processed and make sure I have everything filled out correctly. In closing, if you are fed up with your primary care doctor and hate taking a day off from work just to fulfill an appointment, come here. They will take good care of you.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #83
1	this is the WORST doctors office i have ever been to!!!! They dont remember who their patients are or care about them. I have an hmo so i was stuck with them for while and it was a disaster. I tore my miniscus and the doctor wouldnt order me an mri, he said to just take pain meds and it would be fine. After yelling at him he finally ordered me a xray, which they messed up, i had to sit in the xray office for hours because they sent the wrong paperwork. Then he got the xray results and told me it was abnormal but to still take my medicine and it would be fine. After some more yelling i finally got them to refer me for an mri. It took 2 weeks and numerous phone calls to even schedule the mri because they never sent the referal to the imaging office! Every time i called they said they would send it, and they never did! finally i get my apt scheduled and here i am sitting in the office AGAIN because they didnt send the referal over. This doctor just wants his kickbacks from the pharmicudical companies and doesnt care about his patients. Also they use an answering service, so they never have to talk with you! Its impossible to get a hold of anyone in the office. Im warning you STAY AWAY!!!
