4	I don't know why nobody is talking about this place.  I happened to see it as I was heading to Dos Gringos and decided to head in.  I was very glad I did cause this place is great.  It's very open inside with a huge dancefloor and huge outdoor patio in the back.  I got very quick service from the bar each time I went for a drink.  The inside is pretty much all white hence the name.  There are tables and chairs around the dancefloor to sit and have drinks if you don't like to dance.  The DJ booth is high above the dancefloor and you have to go up and down on a ladder.  Kinda cool. but I'm sure if you are the DJ it's not that cool.  LOL.  They have a huge disco ball hanging from the ceiling in the middle of the club that lights up the ceiling.  Overall a great place to go out for some drinks and dancing.  I will totally be back.
5	We had a great time. Had bottle service with Katie. who was super friendly. Our drinks were never empty, and that was nice because we were celebrating a birthday. The music and atmosphere were great.
4	I'll admit I almost fell outta my chair after hitting a triple-double on the Malibu. Quite generous pours plus delish menu. Can't wait to go back and try out the dance floor!!! Did I mention the Disco Ball?? Yeah, baby!
3	When they said it was the White House, they weren't kidding! white walls, white lights, white balloons and apparently the evening we went alot of people were wearing white. My friend Dani mentioned that she felt she should have worn white coz she felt that she stood out, lol. I like that there's bars on opposite sides with the dance floor in the middle. and yes, that giant ass disco ball with a midsized raised platform for the ladies to pop lock and drop it. I'm a fan of old town clubs that are not really the scottsdale crowd. I'd say this was like a dressed up mill ave crowd that's partying in scottsdale. Nothing wrong with that. I like the fact that there's no cover, and plenty of tables, chairs and couches. Downside is the patio where you can't bring your drink but I understand why coz it's not really an actual patio, it's like a makeshift patio that's set up on certain evenings. I now understand the whole ladder thing and the dj. I mean wow... the dj booth above the entrance with the ladder. It's cool and all but maybe they should have designed it like the dj booth at az88. my complaint with this dj is that altho he had an ok mix it just annoyed me that he wouldn't finish the good songs but rather play the chorus lines, or the song for a minute and then mesh it with a different song. It was sporadic at times, and it didn't seem to flow that well. I do like the electro hip hop tho =)Overall it's a good club on craftsman court. this part of old town is not on the club circuit but I'm glad it offers a different scene other than acme and dos gringos. Good mixed crowd, drink prices typical of old town scottsdale and the tokyo teas are strong! I will be back!
3	This place is great to grab a drink and go dancing.  Plus drinks are reasonable for a nicer bar in Scottsdale...I first walked into this place just by walking by and loved the decor-and the attendees are of a very mixed crowd-however lots of very drunk women, haha.  The thing i thought was a big bust is that they have this great little set up outside for people wanting some air or a smoke but don't have the licensing to allow your drinks out there-for me that's a big no no since i love to go cool off and enjoy my drink on the patio of most bars...I would rather not have to leave it on a table by the door with all the date-rape experiences i know about in town...Other than that-the music is good, there are 2 bars to get drinks at which is great for the medium size of the place...
3	Here for a bachelorette party. Drinks were flowing. Bartenders hooked all 20-somehing of us up for the first round. We stood on their tables and danced and they didn't mind so much. Also, other patrons helped my bachelorette complete her designated list of "to-dos." They also played good music. It was just ufortunate it wasn't very busy - Aside from us maybe 15 more people? But alas I think it's finals week in AZ and a Thursday. If I lived here I'd probably go again when there were more people.
3	Loved the ambiance, beautiful location. Recommended by a friend. Helpful staff very attentive to drink needs, etc. I only wished people were dancing, as that's the reason I went there. (no I didn't want to START the dancing myself). This was about 10 pm on a Friday night
2	The bathroom was very nice. Otherwise, overpriced drinks with lots of ice and little alcohol. Not a place to hit up.. Definitely a "must miss."
4	CORRECTION: They have 1/2 price happy hours from 4-8pm Thursday through Saturday.When you walk up to this place it really does look like the White House, columns and all! The interior is nice and minimal with a big ARSE disco ball hanging over a big 'ole go-go box. There are two long bars and some comfy seating. The owner is very hospitable, making you feel as though you are in her home! She did all the interior decorating too. We went for a meet-up outing and stayed for the service. It was complimentary Champagne for the ladies until 8pm and 2-4-1 you call its. Seester ordered some finger food, fried zucchini & mushrooms $3 and a bowl of american fries $3 and both were very tasty. Tiffany ordered a a grilled chicken salad and the presentation was impeccable. Everything looked so fresh! She was delighted and amazed that the cost was only $7 in Scottsdale! The flatbread was rolling out non-stop but we didn't order any, next time we will though! They have 1/2 price happy hours from 8-10pm Thursday through Saturday. The music was awesome too. They even had flat screens tuned into baseball so you know I was diggin it! This place has only been open 6 months and it has a great vibe. They have an outdoor area that they convert into a lounge complete with couches for the smokers. I love the big open room and the long bars. The service is great and the bartenders down to earth! So next time your group is looking for a place to meet, head over to the WhiteHouse, I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	Thursday they have free Texas Hold'em with great prizes for the top 3 players, the smallest of which is a bottle of booze to take home with you.  From Parrot Bay to Patron XO so far...  If you see me there and mention yelp... I'll buy you your first round! :)Friday and Saturday it is back to being a swanky club.  Heidi, Andy and Anton are three bartenders that make me want to keep coming in with their great service and attitudes.The room itself is rather simple, just a large box with two bars on either extreme.  What sets this club apart from the rest of the oldtown clubs is that people seem very approachable.  Whether saying hi to a stranger at the bar, or chit chatting outside on the smoking couches (where unfortunately we can not drink!!) people seem receptive to new faces.
5	One of the most reasonable clubs we've been to in Phoenix, in terms of pricing.  But if it's truly a good club, that isn't as big a factor.  We got there waaaaay early (right after dinner), but that allowed us to sit and have a wonderful conversation.  The club began to pick up around 10, and was pretty full by 11.  The music was very dancable, the service was timely.  Highly recommend it.
4	Pretty nice place, even though they weren't prepared for BCS championship crowd and closed at midnight. Bartenders were at least pretty nice about it.
4	Whitehouse is a great bar/dance/social venue in Scottsdale!  My business partner and I (www.socialseduction.com) hold social groups here regularly with great success!  We have never gotten anything less than VIP service from Managers, doormen and servers!  It offers open, airy environment that really is white with black and white couches and seating that is perfect for groups.  The dance area is big enough but does get crowded on busy nights.  It's easy to walk around, mingle and you'll find a great mixed crowd!There is the standard college-Scottsdale clubbers, but you'll also find a wide variety of ages in both sexes and many professionals!  The most challenging thing I find is parking (but this is true of downtown Scottsdale on a weekend anyway) and if they had Valet, I'd use it hands down!  My only wish is a full length mirror in the ladies room!  We can't see our shoes which is a cardinal sin!  Anton, the GM has been superb to work with and we will continue promoting this great venue!  All I have left to try is food and suspect I can bump this to 5 stars!!
4	Thursday night's Salsa is awesome! I love it! Group classes at 9:30 and the party gets good at 10:30. See you there!
4	i was impressed with the White House! this place in my opinion is different from other Scottsdale's clubs...different in a good way. The group of people is a nice mixed variety and the inside atmosphere is just more on the chill side, then all hype and crazy. The decor is nice and they even have nice big couches out back if you are a smoker. The vip/couch areas are nice and there are TV's all over playing music videos. Bartenders are pretty quick and attentive does not take too long to get a drink either. Music selection is pretty good..good mix of hip hop/pop. This will be my new spot for when i do want a night out but not with all the young just turned 21 out to get wild/drunk/annoying crowd...i digg the White House.
