5	Friendly service. Great choices on the menu. I had soup, prawns, sea bass, and a warm tasty fruit desert.  My husband loved it too.
4	I was so happy to try this innovative, unique restaurant that is new to Edinburgh. I was pleasantly surprised to see such beautiful presentation of the food of each course that came out (see my pictures!) and also by how delicious each dish was.I bought a Groupon for a two-course dinner here and last night my boyfriend and I came to try out Riverlife since I had been intrigued by the Caribbean-inspired French menu. The staff were extremely friendly and welcoming, and the menu hosted a great selection of dishes. We had figs wrapped in pancetta and mushrooms stuffed with blue cheese for starters. Each dish had an explosion of flavours and was fantastic (and beautiful!). My boyfriend had the delicious jerk chicken that had fantastic flavour but would have been a tad too spicy for me to have by myself, but I enjoyed a taste. I enjoyed the rack of lamb with potatoes provincale and ratatouille. The restaurant is BYOB which works well if you are suitably prepared. It was a fantastic meal and we also enjoyed delicious coffee to round it out. I enjoyed the fantastic menu and different items that you wouldn't find elsewhere in Edinburgh.
4	Fresh, innovative... Great service, amazing food...Well worth the commute!
3	We were her on an voucher for a French 3 course meal.The service was efficient, very friendly and welcoming. The meal however was more an hit and miss.The starter of warm goats cheese was not warm. The Blue cheese filled (button!) breaded mushrooms were not tasting of blue cheese.The jerk chicken breast was a little dry but the sauce was excellent, however... it was all on my wife's plate, because I opted for the duck. The duck was tasty, but not very well prepared. No crispy skin and could have been less chewy. The cherries were very pleasant.Dessert: creme brulee! And it was 'crack' (yeah!) and not too runny (yeah x 2!).. but not hot or even warm enough (booh..)The coffee was so so. I can only conclude that the chef is good, but missing refinement. The sauces and additions were spot on, the meats and the flavours need work. We will be back to see if anything has changed
5	A group of 7 of us went last night for a wonderful birthday dinner. As a vegetarian I was hesitant, because there aren't HEAPS of vegetarian options, to be precise, there are 2 vegi main course options.The staff were wonderful, very friendly and helpful. They brought out fresh bread before our mains came, which was lovely, because we didn't order starters. Also we took great advantage of the BYOB with no corkage!Our mains came, everyone ordered something different, but everything was beautifully presented! My mushroom and lentil fricassee was divine, everyone else seemed happy with theirs!There was a hen do in at another table and a guy who worked there started playing guitar for a wee sing along with them at the end of the night. We thoroughly enjoyed this, especially when he then came over to us to sing happy birthday to my friend.It's not in my end of town, and I wouldn't have considered going there before, but I am extremely keen to go back.
