5	I've seen reviews for this place in websites other than Yelp, and they were right. I have taken my very old but reliable Toyota Corolla, and they have been thorough, efficient, and very honest about the repairs it needs. This is a place where you definitely don't get ripped off. I took my car for new wheels' alignment, and it turned out it needed new struts. Ouch. But having been in other places where i get the awful news that my old toyota needs a new clutch, or a new radiator, or terribly expensive things, I was not shocked. But this was the first shop where I was actually shown why I needed them, taken to see the actual parts, and explained what would be done. They make sure you understand how and why repairs will be done, instead of just showing you a quote for $500 telling you it's important. I also went to get my AC checked and they were very thorough explaining why and what I needed the repairs I needed.I'm writing this review because I've spent so much time online trying to inform myself what places rip you off and what places have honest and efficient staff. now that i've found one, i wanted to spread the word.
1	Is there a Rating system for Rip off and liars? They would be 5 Stars BAD!I took my truck into Brake Masters because the brakes were feeling a little off. I was thinking minor work nothing major. And my AC was being weird too.I get a call saying the good news is the AC will be $190 it has a burnt out resister and needs to be replaced. WHAT the good news is $190?Then on to the bad news, basically my entire sorry ENTIRE break system needs replacing, Master Cylinder, Front Brakes, Back, or and something was boiling and needs flushing. I'm sure there was more but I was in complete shock sorry SHOCK.So I pick up my truck that I was convinced would not even make it home, and drove it to another Shop.Scare tactics is want Brake Masters is about. I am not sure if it is because I am a woman or because I had the unfortunate choice of going to Brake Masters, but never again. And I will be sure to let everyone I know with a Vehicle, STAY AWAY!Oh I got it fixed for $700 at a different place and nothing was wrong with my Master Cylinder. See my other review!
3	I am a creature of habit.When it comes down to it, I truly believe that most human beings are. We have our routines, and we eek out our short meagre lives basically repeating these comfortable routines day in day out, day in day out, until we feel the icy grip of death closing in and enshrouding us in a permanent slumber, an eternal blackness as such there is no equal in this mortal coil.Thusly, I tend to frequent a lot of the same places. Habitual spots I feel comfortable and complacent with. This Tempe location of the Brake Masters co. is one such spot. I can't say they're the best mechanics you could find in the metro area, and I certainly wouldn't say they were the worst,  they are, however, fairly trustworthy reliable fellows.I brought my rapidly decaying 96' Hyundai into the shop yesterday afternoon, with the intention of spending $25 on a badly needed oil change, but much like my special lady friend when she enters an H&M retailer; I ended up paying a lot more than I originally assumed.Now I went in there with the knowledge that my little egg like commuter car was well advanced in it's downward spiral, my Hyundai is the Charlie Sheen of cars (addicted to cocaine, hookers, and good times) and it was no surprise when the mechanic came into the waiting room to inform me of the laundry list of repairs it would need.He read them off and explained the problems in what I'm sure was a little known dialect of pastoral Greek or Aramaic that is seldom heard amongst outsiders. I ascertained which repairs would be the most pressing and opted to have them fix that, and hold off on the other problems until my bank account was fatter.They ended up taking a few hours to replace my calipers, flush my break fluid, change my oil and essentially turn off my check break light for around $265 (haggled down from $300 with my jew skillz) while I spent that time across the street day drinking at the Yucca Tap and eating two Bento boxes I'd picked up from Fujiya market.I will continue to frequent these folks as they usually do me right, and hook me up with a student discount, and hey every bit helps.
1	Very disappointed in this store.  I went in one morning to get their oil changing special.  During the process of my oil being changed, the mechanic and store clerk told me that my brakes were scratching really bad.  I was shocked because my breaks did not indicate they were going out or even a sign of screeching/scratching.   I told him I didn't have time or money to get them replaced so I will have to come back in a week. I was going to see if a family friend could fix them since he was a mechanic.   When I drove out all of a sudden I heard this horrible screeching sound and you can hear the scratching. I didn't understand it so I had our friend look at them.   He told me that they pulled out a pin so the car would make the scratch noise and I didn't need the brakes fixed. If anything I could maybe replace the pads. I was pissed off that BrakeMasters would do that.  He said that's how they get you. So shame on brakemasters for not only trying to scam me out of paying for their services but for tampering with my brakes. NEVER will I go to brakemasters! Beware of this store!
1	My god, avoid this place if you care about your vehicle. I had been taking my cars here for awhile since I was right down the street, but after my last experience I'll never come back! I had them replace the radiator for my 2001 Acura Integra. A few weeks later the radiator starts to leak! Apparently they installed it half assed, so I took it back and they fixed it. Fine, but it should have never happened! Two months later, and the radiator starts leaking again, this time from the bolts. I can't take it anymore, and I bring my Acura to Hon-Amotive. They replace my shoddily installed radiator with a Honda factory radiator, and I haven't had a problem since. Don't try to save money at the risk of damaging your vehicle. These chain mechanics can and WILL rip you off and do bad work.
5	Great service and trustworthy. I was told by another business that I needed to have my front brakes worked on and at the time with the oil change, it was going to cost over $500.  I was also told that I had 5% or less of my front pads before they would start causing damage to the rotors.I dropped the car of today around noon at Brake Masters and was called back 30 minutes later.  They had evaluated that the pads actually had 25% left and that wasn't necessary yet.  I elected to go ahead because its one of those things you know it's coming up and I was already there.  Price was also way better than Tony's Auto.Brake Masters is not a rip off.  This was the second time another establishment had told me Ineeded to have a repair, and Brake Masters said it didn't really need to be performed yet.I am now a permanent repeat customer!
1	The website boasts of an oil change in 30 minutes or less, so I stopped in because I'm in need of a quick oil change on my lunch break. Imagine my surprise when I was told an hour and a half when I walked in the door. What happened to 30 minutes or less? Now I've wasted half of my lunch hour getting here, no oil change and now I'm hangry (translation: hungry + angry). Next stop: jiffy lube! :)
2	Where to start.. I Was told originally that the job would take 3 hours. Ended up taking all day. Quoted $50 more than what I paid. A "required" part that I asked to be advised of was installed at my surprise expense, but wasn't contacted. When I showed up my custom painted vehicle was covered in oil.. You could tell they didn't care because they used brake cleaner and a rag to wipe it off. When asked about check engine light from original problem, was told about more work that my vehicle needed and was given quote. Then after mechanic plugged battery back in the check engine light was gone and has been gone since... When asked about the "complimentary" review of my brakes and fluids somehow they forgot. Days later I heard rattling in my engine compartment only to find that they bolted on my cold air intake incorrectly onto my vehicle. These guys might have well trained mechanics but what good is it if you do sloppy work? They get a 2 cuz they at least fixed the problem.
5	I have had all of my vehicles fluids changed and minor repairs done here since 2001.  I have always had positive experiences and honest service.  They always point out things they notice that need attention, but I don't feel pressured to fix anything I don't want to.  The repairs are always timely, and there is a bar next door.  What else could you ask for?!
1	Came here for new brake pads on my front two wheels. After having new brake pads installed I left happy. However, down the road a few blocks I couldn't stop! Come to find out there was air in the system. The place I took it to also informed me that my back brakes were crumbling. Brake masters never even checked! Usually the guys check everything out and tell you what's going bad etc. not this place...they will let you drive off and possibly kill yourself in an accident. Do not go here and do not send your loved ones here. They just may die on the way out... Seriously I'm not trying to be dramatic, that incident was scary!
5	After being told by my dealership that my car was in immediate need of new brake pads, I took my car over to Brake Masters and worked with Steve.  I was on lunch, so I had a coworker drop me off - and asked him to call me and let me know what the deal was with them.About 20 minutes later I get a call... my brakes are absolutely fine, and they were not going to do any work.  It's clear that I was lied to by my dealership, and that Brake Masters was completely honest with me.  It would have been easy for them to not tell me and take my money - but that one simple phone call has earned them my business... when I actually need work done!
4	These guys are efficient and helpful. As a girl, sometimes I feel these auto shops tend to take advantage of you, and suggest work to your car that may not be necessary. The gentlemen here were extremely knowledgable and honest. They explain things clearly and are not trying to scam you for money. I feel very comfortable bringing my car here and will continue to do so. I suggest coming here if you are in the Tempe area and they also offer a slight student discount which is great. Doesn't hurt that there is a Dutch Bro's to grab a tea or coffee at right next door while you wait!
