5	This is my 1st year attending this event.  I LOVE IT!  TON of stages, activities, entertainment, food, drinks, products, and love the people.  So glad we were there early (10am), it was getting super crowded around 12:45pm when we were leaving.  I miss Hawaii!!!
5	I had a great time at the Aloha festival. It was a lot bigger than I expected it to be. I went on the 2nd day. I went on a trip to Maui a year ago and have been missing the islands ever since, and this was a fun way to bring that experience back home. I shared some delicious teryaki chicken and rice with my friend, had a shaved ice, and walked around looking at all of the booths. Saw a lot of orchids, coconut candles, ukuleles, and shell necklaces. There was different music and entertainment on different stages. I liked it a lot.
5	One of the nicest festivals in the Phoenix area! Admission was free, and Tempe Beach Park was the perfect venue for this event. There was a very wide selection of food stands, including some more exotic cuisines from Guam, and even a delectable food stand that just sold malasadas (Hawaiian doughnuts). There were also a lot of vendors selling wares from jewelry, to clothes, and even the Hawaiian Experience Spa was here selling gift certificates for lomi-lomi massages. There were also a lot of informational booths with lots of activities for kids to do, and various entertainment on the stage (Mainly a lot of various types of dance). Unlike other festivals, where you can feel a bit suffocated by the lack of space as you walk around if there are a lot of people around, Tempe Beach Park is spacious enough (And the set up of the festival is spaced out enough) that you can walk freely without feeling confined.It was a cloudy, dreary, slightly rainy day, but that didn't deter us from having a good time! Since it was so rainy the day before, it did make the ground very muddy and wet in certain areas, so those that are coming to the festival this year should be prepared and wear shoes they don't mind getting mud on!I tried a lot of different foods, such as loco moco from Island Loco (Normally a food truck), a plate of food from the Guam stand, and some Japanese takoyaki from Toh Zan. In total we spent a little over 20 dollars on food and beverage, and left with satisfied stomachs.If you are driving here, a handy little tip- park across from Tempe City Hall in the garage for free parking! It's a short walk to the festival through scenic downtown Tempe. Otherwise, event parking is in various uncovered lots and is $10.
4	Some Aloha on a cold, wet March afternoonVery much enjoyed the festival. Lots of vendors to sate the yearn for island food-- manapua, lau lau, katsu, lomi lomi salmon, POG, haupia, kalua pork, huli huli chicken, and all the staples were available.  Also had some interesting new items like mac + white chocolate cookie ice cream sandwiches with coconut ice cream and a teriyaki/katsu chicken stick. (Spell check is going to make me go through all of that, isn't it?)Dancers are a mix of very good to average, but still very fun. Our daughter was enthralled.  And the spirit was there to make it a warm event despite the weather.  Make you miss home if you're from Hawai'i.Location is also family friendly.  Downtown Tempe is a great location for walking, eating, and spending time with each other.We will be back!
2	Unless you are family friendly and love dodging strollers all day long, stay away from the Aloha Festival. Tempe always puts on a great festival, but not sure what genius decided that selling alcohol or beer would be a bad idea. I think this is the first festival in modern times that didn't let us have a cold beer to walk around the grounds with. Hmm, I recall the Oktoberfest had a huge number of kids there too and their dads were drinking beer and pushing strollers. Lines for almost any food (at noon only on Sunday) were several car lengths long and of course, all vendors were too cheap to buy chicken breasts for the plate lunch, so only dark meat was available. There was a decent show involving karate folks breaking bricks, but massive crowds meant you needed to be tall to see over everyone else to watch the action. We spent about an hour here. Festival pricing also in effect as somehow the sweet, innocent  rice and mac salad plate costs 10 bucks, but ice water and soda were great deals at only a buck. Props on that.
5	Islanders represent! I love the Aloha Festival!! Came here with my man, my sister and her man and some friends, local and from out of town. The ambiance is amazing, I felt like I was in Hawaii or something (I absolutely LOVE Hawaii!) . All around me I see my fellow islanders from all over: Filipinos, Samoans, Hawaiians, Tongans, Micronesians, and many more! First of all, it's free (awesome,right? I would pay to get in this event!). Second, the performances are always awesome to watch while munching on amazing food! Don't even get me started on the food. DAMN. That's all I gotta say. You can tell the really great food vendors based on the lines, but the lines don't lie. You can't go wrong with the Loco Moco from Island Loco. For those that are unfamiliar, a Loco Moco consists of a bed of white rice with a burger patty and fried egg, smothered in Hawaiian brown gravy. I used to make these all the time growing up but I've been slacking. On the side I got an order of Spam Musubi that I dipped in sriracha, which was a little overpriced but hey it was worth it for the instant satisfaction. The fiance got an order of some shredded pork with a side of salmon tomato salad (kind of like a Hawaiian pico de gallo). That was pretty darn good but it could have been a little less salty. I was thirsty and a sign the said "island thai tea" caught my eye. It tasted a little different that the usual Thai iced tea but it was in no way any less delicious! To top everything off we finished our day with a Hawaiian shave ice with too many flavors to list (we also topped it with a ton of cream!). We enjoyed the food so much we came back the next day to try the Island Noodles, the line is super long but it moves fast and it's completely worth it! We shared one and devoured it to fullness. Then got more shave ice. :) I even wore my hair super big and wavy to be more "islandy". FUN TIMES AS ALWAYS! I even met some cool people that are from the same town I'm from in CA and we talked about her kid's coach that I had in high school! (small world!)
4	This was maybe not the most fun festival I have been to in the Phoenix area but I think it was because this year was not so pleasant due to the weather. It was cloudy and muddy. Very muddy. But overall, I was really impressed. I was expecting something a little cheesy... sort of like the luaus they do at the resorts in Maui. Instead the festival had a surprising amount of authenticity. It is obviously that many different cultural groups in the city, people from all different island nations or of native Hawaiian or Polynesian decent come together in Phoenix for this annual event and I think that is really cool. There was a wide variety of food vendors around ranging from typical festival fare like bbq and turkey legs, to Hawaiian dishes like steamed pork and plate lunches, to a variety of Asian and even a few Caribbean options. There were also a lot of different vendors selling all types of island style clothing and accessories. We had a lot of fun walking around looking at these. But the best part is the dance shows. So many different hula performance groups, each with different music and costumes. I recommend coming early and getting a seat to enjoy the show. I will definitely be here next year and hopefully the weather will be better.
5	I am from the beautiful island of GUAM and being away from home is hard so this will be the first year we will be able to attend. My family has never been to Guam so I am going to take them to show them a bit of our Island life...The Polynesian culture is a part of their blood and this is a great way to teach them! Hafa Adai! :)
5	Nice venue for a weekend afternoon. Right by the lake so it's a nice view. Lots of awesome Hawaiian food. Hula dancing. The weather was pretty good as long as you weren't directly in the sun. Got some barbecue chicken, noodles, and rice. To top it off some Hawaiian shaved ice with some sweet cream. Guava, passion fruit, and blue raspberry flavor it was nice.
5	Had a great time - lots to see and do. Great food, entertainment and fun!
5	What a great way to spend the day! We were looking for something to do Saturday and read about the Aloha Festival on the Yelp website.Got there Saturday around 11am. Lots of people already, but not super crowded. A large stage featured music and dancers. There were booths with jewelry and other merchandise. Hawaiian food available. Lots of open areas for walking around. A great view of Tempe town lake.We shared one of the plate specials available. It came with chicken, pork, rice, macaroni salad and coleslaw for $10. We sat on the grass and ate while we watched the performers on the main stage. After that, we walked around checking out the booths. Next up, time to sample more food. This time we had the Spam Musubi. It looked like a sushi roll, but was a slice of spam surrounded by rice and wrapped in a sheet of seaweed. It was delicious! Okay, so by now the crowd is bigger and it's getting pretty warm. Almost time to go. We walked around some more then headed for the booth with shaved ice. These were huge with many flavors to choose from! What a great way to cool off and end our day!Definitely going back next year!
