2	They lost my bag. The staff was NOT friendly, NOT helpful, and NOT helping. This was to one particular staff. She was 'helping' me, made me filled out all these documents, and then 'lied' that she did not promise to call after I signed. Escalation to manager was denied.WTF.It was ridiculous.Luckily, another staff showed up AFTER me waiting/talking/arguing for a hour or so. She promised to call, and gave me a number in case I want to check the second day.They found it, and the second lady called the second day. Hence the 2 stars. But then, still, if you are a small company, and you want to grow, you better work hard, if not harder than everyone.
4	I almost miss my flights on Frontier because they always seem to start boarding earlier than other airlines. This can be inconvenient but it can also be great to arrive at the destination earlier. I did have some confusion on my last flight. I checked a carry-on bag at the gate but I forgot to provide my final destination to the flight attendant who also failed to ask. My bag almost continued with the plane into Indy even though I was going to Phoenix, but we were able to sort it out without losing a bag.Comfort and amenities are a grade or two above Southwest, but Frontier does charge for checked baggage.
4	Frontier service is usually fairly good.  I enjoy the designs on their planes as well, and their hub in Denver is convenient for a lot of routes.  I wish prices were a little more competitive with Southwest.
1	Hit or miss.I fly every month usually on United or AA.On my way to Denver, CO:Pilot and crew were fun, engaged, and gave us helpful updates.Pretty comfy despite the fact that the plane was almost full.We arrived early 15 min early."ladies and gentlemen we are 15 min early to Denver, please keep this in mind when we're running 15 min late" -- pilot.On the way back to Phoenix from Denver:SUCKed.My group bought 4 tickets thru Expedia, prepaid for them.One of our kids got put on standby.Three of us were seated in the 8,9,10 rows while the poor standby kid got a seat in the 23 sections.What pissed me off was that they had tons of empty seats.Minor issue: My seatback did not tilt back, it was stuck.The TV screen in front of me could not be turn off (other ppl's screens could be turned off),Major issue: they served me a *SOILED BEVERAGE*It had clearly gone bad. Toxicity and Sourness radiated in my mouth on the first sip.I am so turned off after this one experience that I will never fly this airline again unless all other airlines go out of business (which the gov't will prolly bail them out of anyways)  :/
3	I think sometimes it's amusing how when I go to talk to the ticket counter workers (in Denver) and they are bracing to tell me their standard lines about how they can't do anything for me so sorry blah blah blah . . . and then they see on my ticket that I am a member of the Ascent club. Oh! Those 6 little letters!Yes, I have elite frequent flier status on Frontier, thanks to bi-locating between Denver and Phoenix. For the most part I have had very little to complain about with Frontier. I have even less to complain about these days with my Ascent club, which gets me 2 free checked bags, stretch seating, free TV, late check-in, a few other things. It's good to be Ascent club.For anyone not so blessed. Southwest is usually is the better value if you are checking a bag or two.
1	WARNING!!!!!! My recommendation is to run, not walk, from Frontier Airlines to the nearest Southwest Airline counter.  My family has lost over $200 in a classic bate and switch ponzi and "shame on" every employee for not standing up for what is right.
4	They've gotten better and better for me in the time since this review was written. My last contact with them was a few days ago when I was having trouble redeeming some Groupons on their website. I called customer service and after waiting a few minutes I spoke with a rep who cheerfully booked four separate flights for me, patiently and manually entering my Groupon info for each one.I think the acquisition by Republic has helped them overall. After Republic took over the in-flight cookies started. It still tends to suck if you aren't Ascent club (like just about any budget-centric airline does), but once you get there it's a good value. When I've had to fly Southwest or USAir I've been disappointed in comparison.
1	Having worked in customer service and as an Administrative Professional for 15 years, I have never run across such complications booking travel!  My December wedding requires lots of flights from the Midwest so I've been trying to use Frontier.  The flights keep changing ...  direct flights be come crack of dawn connection flights (not good considering my little sister  and dad have not ever flown before!), and each time I try to call and clarify things I get nothing but more confusion and smack talk.  Then I attempted to add my cousin's flight to the mix - big mistake!  The online portal is an ABSOLUTE MESS just like the customer service line I've had to call four times now.  I didn't write down my cousin's locator because I made the mistake of thinking they would actually get the emailed confirm sent!  When I called back they couldn't even find her by name ... I had to pull up my credit card statement to prove they charged me for it and in the mean time got nothing but smack talk from the Rep.  Not cool, not cool at all.  I have many, many years more travel coordination to do, it definitely will not involve Frontier.
1	HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!Don't book with this airline unless you are extremely flexible with your flight times.  I booked FOUR flights on this airline and every time I get a minimum of THREE time changes.  I had to cancel two because the times were just not going to work.  They gave me a refund, that was the only good part...I didn't have to fight for the refund.  They send you emails just telling you matter of factly, oh by the way your flight has been pushed back 3 hours.  I will never use this airline again! What kind of hillbilly operation are they running here that they can't stay on schedule?
1	This review summarizes my initial check-in at the Frontier desk in the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport Terminal # 3, where poor customer service appears to be the norm, at least for today. I am already questioning my decision to fly Frontier even BEFORE I step on the plane. I've seen more interactive statues than the people who didn't assist me today. I was treated like an inconvenience rather than a customer.
4	I had a pretty good first experience with Frontier.I usually fly USair but someone else booked my flight.I almost always have to gate check my bag because I'm usually the last one on,  but since I volunteered my bag they let me board first. (That's a first for me!)The seats were nice and the service seemed fast (granted it was a smaller plane.ha.)I think I would still choose US just because of what I've heard about the flight time changes. That would mess me up, but no problems this time!
4	Great AirlineHere's what i like - local airport support - i flew direct phoenix to colorado springs huge help.They have great snacks for sale - sounds silly but being diabetic an dhaving a good selection is importantThey had an amazing drinks selection when was the last time you had diet pepsi diet coke, diet doctor pepper or diet sierra mist as an option.  Simple touches are best for me.And then the best of all was free direct tv included on the flight included in my ticket price.  Great flight crew and super accomodating especially as I was on crutches.Oh and each plane has an animal painted on it makes it a little more fun!My one gripe the outbound flight #0229 955am depart COS. Today the male flight attendent kept calling me "bud" just nor professional and again it's the small things that make it stand out. That's why it got a 5 not a four star will fly again any time.
3	I had a voucher to use this trip because of a several hour delay last time I flew Frontier that had me arriving at my destination around midnight instead of 3 pm. When I tried to book online, the system would not take my voucher number and wanted to charge me full price. When I called customer service and explained my problem, Alicia was friendly and professionally handled my reservations with ease. 3 of the 4 legs of my trip were on time, with the last leg to Phoenix from Denver only 1/2 hour late due to a late arrival from Milwaukee. Because of the delay, we got free TV. One other leg gave us free TV because the movies weren't available. The coffee is good, the choice of beverages is good,  and the crew's service is adequate but not exceptional.If I continue to fly Frontier it will be because it flies into Akron-Canton AIrport from Phoenix with only one stop in Denver....a better option for me instead of flying to Pittsburgh, Cleveland or Columbus.
1	The worst airline company I have ever run in to. I will NEVER fly Frontier ever again. The flight attendants were extremely rude. I got told not to cuss for saying Darn and I'm 28 years old. I wish I could give zero stars. Shitty, shitty, shitty. Never flying again.
4	We decdied to try out Frontier, as it was the cheapest fare (w/ layover) to Vegas and from PHX for the holiday.  I was super surprised at the leg and hip room you get on these planes.  There are TVs in the headrests (for purchase of course), free earbuds, and bev service and good snacks to purchase available. Fastest beverage service I have ever had, but the best part was the trip home. Frontier terminals aren't too crowded. The layover at the Denver airport was perfect (walked across the aisle of the terminal to our next gate) and asked for upgrade to exit row for the second leg, if they were available.  They usually cost and extra $40 for the added leg room, but the lady saw that we were pretty tall (I'm 5'10") and I asked nicely. Hell my 7' step father could fit in the exit row!TVs are free for the planes with the busted units or really short flights. Just depends.  Checking a bag was only $20. We will definitely use them again if their prices stay that competitive.
1	Frontier airlines in Phoenix is horrible. I booked a flight with them to Denver because it was the cheapest, but I did not know it would entail an 8 hour delay and ZERO notification of it until the scheduled time to take off.  They gave everyone 7 dollar lunch coupons which cover about half of a meal at the airport and were very nonchalant and not apologetic whatsoever. The staff is lazy and apathetic, telling customers they are being laid off in September and talking bad about the company that they work for.  No efforts were made by airport staff to help me out with rescheduling my flight so I called customer service who was slightly more helpful but still no solution or compensation was available.  This company is being run straight into the ground and As a frequent flyer I would not recommend them to anyone that has the choice of another airline.
4	I had a good experience flying Frontier. I bought a last minute, one-way Frontier ticket because of the decent fare. After buying it, I read the many negative online reviews, so decided to build in extra time at Sky Harbor before my flight and lowered my expectations (and paid close attention to the number and size of my carry-on and personal bags- made sure I had room to fit my purse inside my suitcase so I could stowe my carry-on with books and computer at my feet.)  I ended up having 2 great, on-time flights, an easy connection, comfortable seats and an all-round satisfactory experience.  I fly often and like it when expectations and the experience are in sync.
1	You be the judge. My son invited me to the Masters Golf Championship this year with invitation to attend Gary Players 40th anniversary of his first championship win.My flight was to leave Phoenix on Sunday April 6th and I was returning Thursday April 10th. The flight was late leaving Phoenix so I asked the Frontier person if I was going to make my transfer in Denver to their flight to Atlants. "No problem, they will hold the plane to Atlanta". Got to Denver, plane to Atlanta had left so I went to the Frontier Customer Service and requested I be put on the next flight to Atlanta. Customer service person said, " I am sorry sir the earliest filight I can get you on is WEDNESDAY at 2:55PM". I attempted ALL means to get them to help get me to Atlanta with the response, " Sorry sir." I paid $700+ for this flight and my only option (9PM at this point), was to fly back to Phoenix. I emailed Jan Folgerberg VP of Customer Relations on Monday the 7th of April and of this writing, I have heard nothing. Gary Player will not be celebrating his 40th anniversary again, I am 69, in good health thank God so may make it to the Masters next year but will not be flying Frontier Airlines. Like I said, you be the judge. My chance of a lifetime ruined by an airline that just does not care about their passengers.Ed Lynch
5	From the gate agents to the flight crew I truly feel that this airline puts the customer first which is very rare these days. I am a Denver resident and travel on Frontier once a week for business and have never had a lost bag. I have also rarely been late to my destination. Of course there are times when the plane departs late, but they are almost always uncontrollable circumstances such as weather that would effect safety and are out of the airlines control.       Frontier is also in transition to become a low cost carrier. Everything will be a la carte from carry on bags to seat assignment. But I think this is a good approach because you only have to buy what you are going to use. So if you are a light traveler it will be possible to get some really cheap air fare. Kind of the same approach as Spirit but the difference is MUCH better customer service.  Go Frontier! Cheers!
1	Frontier has lost all my business. Not only do they now charge for drinks and checked bags, but they also charge for carry on bags! And they make every person with a carry on prove that the bag will fit in the sizer before you can board. There is a fee for changing your flight time, a fee for a cancelled flight, a fee for standby...why would I fly frontier when there are so many better choices that won't charge me through the roof? No thanks.
1	This has been a terrible experience flying. It is ridiculous that they charge you for every bag you bring or check. I understand flights being delayed, but don't board everyone and then make us sit on the plane for an hour! The layover time between flights was crazy long as well. They also charge for soda on the plane. All in all a negative experience.
1	They might be the cheapest to fly , they also provide cheap service . Their staff is unhelpful and rude , taking satisfaction in denying service and help to their passengers. They don't offer you a standby  in case you could take your flight, they will ask for a fee to change your ticket, even if flight isn't half way full . Charges for carry one , soda ect . I wouldn't be surprised if soon  start charging passengers to use lavatory on their flights . It might be the only airlines employees I never seen smiling and being polite . I'm sure they train their employees .... Is there special class how to make passengers experience the worst possible ? Sure seems like it
1	I remember when you didn't have to pay for carry on & refreshments... What happened to customer service! The stewardess looks like she just rolled out of bed & not very friendly. I guess you get what you pay for.  Even the guys loading bags were just tossing bags around, I get it it's their job but never seen any that were completely haphazard.
2	Arrived at terminal 3 went to frontier checking and thought the person taking me in was rude. Wanted a different seat. Ask if I wanted to up grade. Moving over a seat in same row is upgrade, would cost me .  Then looked at medical bag and wanted to charge   Cheap cheap cheap. Flying is becoming joke. Nickel and diming to death   Flight was on time stewardess 's were friendly. Just airport personnel,need a course in being friendly
1	Should have read previous reviews. We booked flights a few months out to Oklahoma City, I am the minister and was traveling with the wedding planner and photographer. We sat on the plane in the loading dock for an hour preflight being told that they just needed to "pass maintenance check". 3/4 way from Denver they say we can't get the cabin pressure up to get over the Rockies and we have to turn around and travel 20 minutes back to Phoenix. A hour later we arrived back in Phoenix. They let us know they had many customer service reps to help us get to our destination in a timely manner. When we got off the plane there was 1 rep at 1 kiosk. We were then told to call the customer service hotline, so we did, to be put on hold for 60 more minutes. After we got a live person on the line they told us there was nothing they can do for to get us to our destination till the day after the wedding. We were then told the only other option was a partial refund in 10 days. I spoke to Kevin a manager who wouldn't talk about options or any other flights we could take.  Even when several other passengers got a flight that put them 4 hours from the destination we we told to bad so sad we can refund your money in 10 days. They argued, talked down and belittled us when all we needed were resolutions. They wouldn't listen to our concerns and then hung up on me when I was put on a 2 minute hold while they did that refund. After 10 minutes of that hold I was hung up on. We are now out 2 car reservations, 2 hotel reservations and an entire days worth of pay from work.  3 people lost $500 with nothin but a kick to the pants and stranded at the airport. DO NOT USE FRONTIER, pay the extra $100 to a real airline that will own up to their mistakes and take care of their customers.To top it all off I have never been so terrified for my life on a plane when I looked out the window, 45 minutes from any hubby, and we were lower than I have ever been in a commercial aircraft. We were eye to eye with small passenger planes.  If you value your life and time do not use this company!
1	This place....ughFirst... Their check in is 45 minutes before flight.  This isn't stated anywhere in their website etc. I got there 44 minutes before and wasn't allowed to check in.  There were about 5 other families behind me.  I've checked in 30 minutes prior to flight on other airlines. I paid the "carry on" fees (It's cheaper to just check a bag btw) on line.  Since I "missed my flight" I had to pay the luggage fees a second time, the fees don't apply to airfare rebooked.  SO...if you think you're saving money flying with these clowns,  you're not if the carry on/checked bag fees are taken into consideration. The best part of this fiasco was when the agent asked the guy next to me who was bitching about Frontier charging him luggage fees twice, " do I look like Frontier Airlines to you? "  Bonus points for being extra rude lady. Do yourselves a favor and pay the 50$ higher fee elsewhere.
1	This will be the first and last time I use the airlines. They charge a $50 fee just to bring a carry on item on the flight. No forewarning. The customer service was dull at best. They seemed to be going through the motions and truly emotionless when it came to customer service. I am going to be sticking with Southwest or United.
1	HORRIBLE Customer Service.  We took Frontier Airlines for a weekend trip from Phoenix to Denver recently and it was a horrendous experience!  The flight attendants on the plane were beyond rude and there was zero customer service.  We were forced to listen to a 15 minute advertisement for their credit card and then again annoyed by a pushy flight attendant walking around with credit card applications.   Frontier now also charges extra for EVERYTHING including carry on bags, checked bags and even a non-alcoholic beverage on the plane!!The ticket agent we were forced to deal with at the airport in Denver took rudeness to an entirely new obnoxious level and when we asked to speak with a supervisor our request was refused.  It was a terrible ordeal and there wasn't one individual that was even slightly courteous or helpful to or from Denver. It was a truly terrible and aggravating experience and can easily say we will NEVER ever fly Frontier Airlines again.  Yes the ticket price was cheap, but when you add all the tacked on fees and costs together, they are no less expensive than their competitors and the sub-par customer service and rude agents and staff makes it an easy choice. Avoid Frontier Airlines if you would like an even semi-enjoyable travel experience.
1	The fair is low, so maybe you'll try it.  You can deal with paying for everything except a computer bag.  What you can't deal with is the high possibility of not leaving the airport.  My recent flight was at 7am.  Surprisingly, Frontier was unaware that the evening flight from PHX to ORD (chicago) did not take place so there was not a plane for us to fly ORD to PHX.  I got through security at 620 ready to board.  There was no agent at the counter.  The screens were not on either.  I check the status online and it's a go.  Check at 630, 30 minutes to departure and we've been delayed 3 hours.  Then the attendant shows and says we don't know what's going on and walks away.  Customer Service via phone has a wait of 27 minutes. Frontier does not partner with any other airlines, so you have to wait them out.If you want to travel cheap fly these guys or Greyhound; you'll get there at the same time.
1	November 1st : Flight from PHX to ORD was delayed for 3hrs, frontier rep kept stalling everyone. Was at the airport for 8 hrs and kept telling us it was delayed due to weather, however several airlines like US airways were flying to Chicago with no problem no delay. Finally after the long hours at the airport, they told us our flight is canceled due to "no flight team ".  Bunch of bull****. They knew they couldn't fly us out from the start, but they stalled everyone! Bottom line --Avoid this airline! Save your money and book your ticket else where!
1	Arrived at the frontier check-in line 55 minutes prior to flight.  Their line is very inefficient and moves slowly.  We got to the front of the line with 40 minutes before our flight. The frontier employee told us they have a 45 minute policy and that we cannot take our direct flight that we paid for. There was no verbal announcement made about our flight. We were charged a $75 service fee each ($150 total) to change our reservation due to their inefficient method of checking their customers in.  We also met two other customers on our same flight who had the same experience.In the end, our indirect flight was delayed and we were traveling for 12 hours. We arrived to Ohare and our bags were missing. Took 2.5 days to both bags. We were on vacation. Called customer service during normal business hours and was on hold for 1.5 hours. Business hours closed and no one answered the phone. I then called reservations and told a supervisor our experience. He did not have any sympathy. We will not fly frontier again. Again.
2	I understand that the behavior of one person is not a fair representation of a group. However, customer service representatives are the face of a company and have the greatest influence on how customers feel regarding the company itself. That being said, the young woman (does not qualify as a lady considering her behavior) at the ticket counter proved to be quite incompetent. I checked in online and simply needed a print out of my tickets. With 40 minutes before boarding she stated I was late for my flight but considering I checked in would provide me with boarding passes. As I reach TSA they ask if my name has been changed. The great agent gave me the wrong passes. As I run back down to terminal 3, with a child, I inform her of the error. She reprints and hands me two new boarding passes. I head back up and surprise, wrong names again. I know what some of you are thinking, why didn't you check them? Well I was running frantically and mistakenly trusted that people actually knew how to do their jobs. As I head back to the ticket counter for the third time. She blatantly states I don't know what you mean? Then calls her help desk and attempts to inform me that I have now officially missed my flight and must pay $75.00 per ticket to rebook because according to her I was late. She refused to call a supervisor, and simply said well if you don't pay then you are not going to fly. At this point I've had enough of her cynical, arrogant attitude. Spoke with customer service via telephone and thankfully someone there knew how to do their job. Which is why I'm providing them two stars. As for the rep at PHX, you may want to find a job where human contact is not included. You obviously do not possess social skills.
1	I own a minor league basketball team the Colorado Kings. We travel every other weekend to play games. We decided to try Frontier Airlines and that was a huge mistake. Any kind of change to the ticket including names, times etc incur fees. For example trying to fly standby you not only have to pay a $75 change fee but you also have to rebook the entire flight. So instead of flying standy you're looking at almost $400 just to get an earlier flight. I will never fly frontier again and that includes the 17 flights from my ball players and staff.
1	Takes about 20 minutes to check bag....if you want a deal...go through southwest. Absolute headache.
1	This morning, the woman at the check in at Sky Harbor was very nice, but informed me that my flight was cancelled due to mechanical concerns.  She said I should have received an email.  It was 7:30, my flight was scheduled to depart at 10:35 and I did not have an email from Frontier (later an email timestamped 5:30 am did come through, so I'm not sure if that was a Yahoo, internet, or Frontier issue).  She informed me that the only Frontier flight I could be rebooked on would be tomorrow, 12/27, at 12:00.  I asked about other airlines and she told me "no other airlines want our money."  She said the other option would be a full refund.  I contacted customer service when I got home and was told I had the same options.  I was also told the compensation for the inconvenience would be a travel voucher.  I found a reasonably priced flight on Allegiant that will get me into Illinois earlier in the day tomorrow which is preferred since I'm traveling for a birthday.  I contacted customer service again to take Frontier up on the refund as the rescheduled time won't suffice.  I spoke with Stephanie.  I explained what happened this morning and gave her my confirmation code.  She explained that I could not have a refund because my flight is on schedule for tomorrow.  I explained that was the flight I was rebooked on, not my original flight.  She put me on hold and came back, this time she told me that I was not eligible for a refund because the flight hadn't been cancelled, but rather I was late.  I said, "you must be crazy."  She told me I offended her and put me on hold.  Well, I reacted that way because it was now only 8:45am and my cancelled flight was scheduled to depart at 10:35, so there was no way I had been late for it.  Anyhow, she refused to speak with me, I tried to apologize and asked if I could explain why I was frustrated, but she kept saying I offended her, wouldn't let me explain, and put me on hold for 20 + minutes while she spoke with a supervisor.  She did come back and tell me that a full refund had been issued to my card and would post in 7-10 days.  I'm thankful for the refund, but disappointed in the situation and how Frontier handled it.
1	Flight was scheduled for 10:35 AM... Was delayed for 2 hours (okay fine) ... And then another two (okay maybe there's something else going on)Then another 2 hours (getting a little out of hand)And another 2 hours.... (Seriously guys? Just cancel the damn flight so I know to rebook)Current estimated scheduled flight time is now 9:30 PM. Just cancel the damn flight next time instead of keep delaying. Not to mention, it DEFINITELY was not weather related because every other airline was fine. Also, the customer service rep told me to go to the front desk at the airport to try and cancel my reservation. This was after being put on hold for 33 minutes and another 10 minutes bc the CSR had no clue what to do.So terrible. Thank god I was able to find a last minute flight on southwest. I can only imagine the poor guys that actually went to the airport and have been waiting for the last 6 hours for the flight to board.
1	No surprise here... Flight was delayed again and is finally left THIS MORNING at 11:30am... THE NEXT DAY. Original flight has been delayed for OVER 24 hours now. I've been well at my final destination for at least 12 hours now.Just stop. You suck frontier.
4	Booked a flight on Christmas eve and I thought the service was well (especially since they were working near a holiday). If you are someone who isn't demanding and you are looking for cheap tickets then this is it. Yes, you pay for things that would be complimentary on other flights. If you want all the nice perks of other airlines, then book with a different one. This airline is great for someone who just wants to fly. Also, there is a difference between a personal bag (purse, computer bag, back pack. It has to fit under the seat in front of you) and a carry on. Personal bag is free and carry on you pay for. Don't try to pull off a duffel bag like it's a personal bag and get upset at the workers 1) a duffel bag is too big and 2) the workers don't make the rules.
1	Wow, this is truly a discount airline! I'm not sure it is worth considering to save ten bucks. They have no relationship with other airlines so if your flight is delayed - you are on your own. The latest experience was a 48 hour delay because flights were overbooked. I would encourage you to bypass this airline as an option and work with an airline that has an alliance with others. A simple flight, with one connection from Phoenix (Denver) resulted in a 48 hour ordeal. They don't reimburse! So travel at your own risk. Consider 24 hours of travel and wait time before trying to save a couple bucks. While they did find a location closer to home to fly us into (only at our recommendation), the travel from there was on our own. Very disappointing - not to say that folks didn't try but without an arrangement with other airlines you are really left to your own. Even when promised lodging at a differnt locale - none was arranged when we arrived at 2 AM. Even when promised a different destination with prearranged shuttle transportation - it wasn't arranged. Also know that reimbursement for your time, lodging, and transportation is on your own.It is clear that no one is empowered to correct the wrongs of the airline; even when it is not due to weather or other circumstances. When they should be liable; they are not!Highly recommend you not consider this carrier!
