5	I really enjoy taking classes at Pure Barre. I haven't exactly distinguished the difference between the Barre studios in the valley, but I can say that I LOVE the instructors!Noelle was the first instructor I had and since then I always look forward to her classes. The owners are so kind, sweet, and really great people. I have been to a few Barre studios in Vegas and I have to say, I love the location, cleanliness, and simplicity of Pure Barre. If you want an intense, sculpting, and guided workout, go to Pure Barre!
5	I discovered Pure Barre via Living Social.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but whatever THAT was this workout surpassed all of my expectations. My Living Social was valid for 4 classes.  I took all 4 classes within a 2 week period and I literally watched myself tone up and shrink.  I lost 7 pounds doing this workout along with my usual workouts which are yoga and jogging.  Pure Barre took me over that plateau that I stayed at for the past 4 months.  When I first walked in, the place was very cute and clean which I am a stickler on.  The people there were all extremely nice and welcoming.  I signed a waiver and they showed me where to go and what equipment to pull out.  As I waited, the other "regular" students came in looking like different variations of Barbie dolls.  I was like,"here we go...."  The instructor came in looking tone and tight.....very inspirational.  We started the warmup which wore my ass completely out.  Honestly, I didn't know if I would make it.  We then did arm toning and ab workout, then we headed to the BARRE!  By that time, I was soaked in my own sweat and thankful I didn't skip my morning shower to come to class. Ha!  Time for booty blasting at the ballet barre!  That was probably the hardest thing I have done in a LONG time. The music was blasting thank God to muffle my grunts and moans while everyone else maintained their composure.  Maybe they are femmebots?I loved the class and will return again one day, but Pure Barre is quite expensive.  I ordered the DVD's and am killing myself softly at home, but damn my ass looks faaaaaantastic!P.S.  Noelle and Darla were my favorite instructors.
5	Hello Groupon. I've been coming here for two days (I have an unlimited two week pass). It's convenient, clean, and my instructor (Lauren) has been amazing so far. The music is really great and motivational and the workout is tough but goes by really fast. So far I love love love it. Will update at the end of the two week period!
5	Have now done four classes with three different instructors. All awesome, upbeat, and really encouraging! They've also all been very supportive of making sure you work at your own level and giving alternatives that are either a bit easier or more advanced for certain movements. The parking lot gets pretty cramped during the earlier classes but I've found going later (after the bank closes) allows for easier parking!
5	Package peeps- Pure Barre Light classes are separate from the class packages. Is it still worth it to go? Hellz yes!!! It's a nice way to wind down from the week of classes with a slightly slower paced class. Still the same burn.
5	i love coming heremy happy place:-)great results fast!
5	So I have been doing Barre for about a month now... Off and On.... Lets just say I came to Pure Barre and I feel like I got the workout of my life.  Lauren kicked my butt but she was pleasant about it... LOL I totally recommend this place... Lauren was very nice and I will be back.
5	This is a fantastic workout. All of the instructors are patient, skilled, personable and committed to making each class worth the time and money. It takes a few classes to get into the rhythm of how the class flows so be patient with yourself.  It is pricey, but so are personal trainers and these classes will deliver great results. It is worth every penny.
4	This was my first Pure Barre class.  I split my time between Los Angeles, where I do the Bar Method regularly, and Las Vegas, where there are no Bar Method studios.  I prefer the Bar Method, but Pure Barre is a close second choice for me.  The studio was nice,the staff was very friendly and I felt the workout.
4	Ah-MAH-zing.  I just moved to Vegas and have been looking for a good Barre workout.  Coming from Bar Method, I was really looking for something legit, with a very standardized format.  After a few disappointing workouts at other gyms, I made the hike to Pure Barre.  (I had a feeling I'd love it, but was NOT enthused about the location...11 miles on surface streets = no bueno.)  After my class today, I really only have three words...worth. the. drive.The pros: An AWESOME workout, SUPER nice people, the teacher (Ashley) was GREAT about answering questions after class and made a point to help students with form during class.The cons: I thought it could definitely use a few more big stretches between sets (between thigh, after seat work, etc).  I had a couple of big cramps during class, but as Ashley mentioned, it could be dehydration...though I do think a big calf stretch and quad stretch thrown in there would have helped a bit.  I know there's a pretty standard format to follow, so I'll just need to get used the new style.  All in all, I'm happy and can't wait to go back!  If you're new, be sure and sign up for the $100 intro special - SUCH a good deal!!
5	I'm 100% convinced that the only reason Pure Barre has less than 10 reviews as of now is because women are trying to make sure the classes don't get too full (which they never are, Sundays can get packed, but there's ample space in this studio). Seriously, this place is amazing! I was going to Barre Definitions initially, but my fiance encouraged me to try this studio because it was 1) closer 2) had more convenient class times 3) heard from a few folks that they got the best results from Pure Barre, compared to other Barre classes. I only wish I didn't have to travel out of town so often for work, otherwise I'd be here way more often! Barre classes are pricey in general, but I think if you find a studio that works for you and you go consistently, the money is worth it. One of my favorite things about Pure Barre is the round-back against the wall exercises and how they execute them are more deliberate and comfortable to be in than other methods I've tried. Apparatuses are frequently used and my heart rate gets pumping right away here. A lot of the directions are given verbally by the instructor, but there is usually another instructor in the class that you can look to as an example. I've loved all the instructors here so far and they are there to challenge and motivate you throughout the 55 minutes of class. My favorite Pure Barre quotes would have to be:"It's tank top season!" - which I end up yelling at my fiance too when he works out at home"The higher the heels, the thinner the thighs"Picturing yourself in a bikini while you work out actually really, really motivates you to push harder and fight for that burn! I'm getting married next year and definitely will be relying on my Pure Barre practice to kick my butt into shape!
5	Nothing short of AMAZING.  Shhhhh don't let this secret out!  My first week I took four classes and love how it makes me feel.  Thank you Kristin and Lauren for correcting my form, I get that extra burn! I was tired of my regular gym and cardio routine and wanted to try something new.  I am not one bit disappointed.  This is completely different from anything I have done.  I was afraid I would be out of place but the instructors are amazing and offer lots of guidance.  I'm addicted already.  I love the burn and the stretching.  I noticed a difference the first week, I can't wait to see what's to come!
5	Amazing!! You see results as little as a month and each class you feel better an better! I was so sick of cardio and its a great way to build muscle and tone up. It's certainly addicting and relaxing all at the same time. Once you start, it's hard to stop.
5	My first class here definately kicked my butt!  Very clean and pretty facility.
3	When I moved to LV from CA this past summer, I was worried that I would not find anything equivalent to my amazing experiences with the Dailey Method and the Bar Method. Sadly, I had cause to be worried. While Pure Barre is definitely a barre workout in the same tradition, it just doesn't compare to the awesomeness of the aforementioned barre workouts. Let me explain...Pure Barre workouts are extremely repetitive and - if I may be blunt here - very boring. Even if you encounter an instructor as enthusiastic and high-energy as Noelle (and she is the best of all the instructors here), the Pure Barre script is so routinized that it's ultimately a dull experience, especially if you take classes multiple times per week. In a related vein, the stretching exercises throughout the workout are inadequate compared to other barre workouts and also never vary. Ever. And some of the positions are just simply not good for one's body - and if you try to deviate from them, watch out because you might get barked at by an instructor or two. My last complaint has to do with the space itself. I find the concrete floors, the thin and dingy-colored industrial carpet, the lack of natural light, and the poor ventilation to all be very unappealing and antithetical to the whole barre workout experience - at least, as I've known it. All that to say that Pure Barre is a perfectly fine barre workout but it's not great.
4	If it wasn't for the Livingsocial deal, I would not have came to this place.  I am glad I went; the workout is challenging, especially for your upper body and abdominals.  It is normal to feel sore the next day, but it soreness hurts less the more you go.  The instructors are also very nice and remember your face and name.  The facility is also very clean and spacious.  The only thing I recommend they improve is that they demonstrate all the moves, especially for newcomers who don't know what a proper tuck is.   I had to look to others to copy their movements because the instructor simply said to do something without showing how to do it.  During my first visits, I had no idea what some of the moves were and sometimes had to crane my neck to see what everyone else was doing.  At the very least, the instructors correct you when you still fail to do the movements correctly, and they're nice about it.All-in-all, it's a good workout and I gained some muscle mass from only 10 classes.
4	Pure barre was great! I've taken quite a few barre classes from different methods, this style focus on a lot of squeezing& tucking with isometric holds.Today's class was challenging. Instructor motivated us with some great cues!
5	Has anyone woke up on a Sunday morning after a fun night out with the girls in which you prob ate too much and/or drank too much and had thoughts of working out but felt way too lazy?  Well that was me today... I really wanted to get pancakes or have a lazy day but I made a decision to pull myself out of bed and go to pure barre in attempt to burn those calories.  Boy am I super glad I did!  If I only had the choice of cardio at a regular gym most likely I would have passed but I knew it was Sunday and Noelle was teaching.  She has this amazing way of motivating with her contagious energy and positive attitude.  I really needed that today and I thank her for that!  It's not just Noelle who makes this place amazing it's the whole staff and of course owner Lauren.  Everyone is there to help you meet your personal workout goals. The difference in personalities of instructors is perfect blend to keep you wanting to go.  I have almost 100 class under my belt and feel challenged every time.  I recommend going to at least 5 classes before you throw in the towel. After you get the concept of the mind body connection... Results follow!  Beware weekends are very busy! Keep with the classes, be on time, don't cheat yourself and leave early... Stretching is very important.  Most of all don't focus on what other are doing.  Work on your own small movements...yes small. The smaller the better the contraction but you will find this all out with the eduction from the class instructor.  Give this place a try you will not be disappointed with Diane, Celina, Darla, Kristin, Noelle and of course Lauren.
5	Love this place! Great instructor and music to keep me motivated. The class sizes aren't too big and the instructors and staff are super friendly. Barre help tone the whole body and works muscle I didn't even know I had.
5	I love this place!  I leave every class feeling stronger, leaner, more focused and generally better about myself. The trainers are lovely and supportive - they know my name, cheer me on, and correct my posture when I need it. The environment is clean, professional, fun and unpretentious. Context: I am 33 years old and before Barre I  had a stint of not exercising for three years.  In the past I have tried all kinds of things but alas I don't like gyms, pilates was quite boring at times, yoga felt like a competition and gyrotonic is fun but super expensive. After my first two weeks at Barre (have taken five classes in total) my legs were already more defined, my back less achy and my stomach stronger - no joke. The true test is that I keep coming back and look forward to the classes. Thank you ladies at Barre you are wonderful!
