5	This place is right behind my work. Great food, friendly service, clean, highly recommend it. The salsa is (spicy or mild) is vary fresh. Chips aren't greasy Lots of items to choose from. The portion sizes and price are great.
5	Try the green Chili....it was really good.
4	I was visiting another business in the mall and saw this restaurant and gave it a try for lunch. I'm glad I did as the food was great. Burritos, tacos, salads, quesadillas and enchiladas were the menu items. The fun part is you go down the line (like Subway) and add your ingredients. Each ingredient looked and tasted fresh. Prices are reasonable.  If they served beer, it would be a 5 star.
5	Loved it. Came with three of the kids and everyone found something they loved. Fresh food and all the salsas had delicious flavor. Fast and friendly service. Would gladly come again.
4	I had an errand to do close by and only 30 minutes to grab something to eat, thanks to Yelp, I found this little gem.  When I walked in, I was greeted by the staff and when they learned that it was my first visit, they told me all about how it works, gave me samples of each of the meats.  I was excited about the shrimp tacos they offer on Friday (so I will be heading back on Friday to try them).  I did the burrito platter and it was excellent.  I really liked the fresh and authentic guacamoleo.
5	Great service!!! Save your time and skip the lines at Chipotle.  Head over to HF ! You will not be disappointed. True mexican food with one of the best burritos around. Owner and staff are incredibly friendly and always willing to answer any questions you may have. Sample some of the different meats available to ensure you get exactly what you like. I personally recommend the steak!
4	Thanks Yelp.  I found this great little place because of the Yelp reviews.  Could the guy working behind the counter be any friendlier?  I love going into a place where they are so proud of their food.  He was just beaming. :)I went in just after the lunch rush and the seating area and bathroom was super clean.  That's the time of day when you would expect it to be a bit messy.  Flavors were fresh and homemade tasting.  I got the punch card and I will be using it.
5	Hands down BEST breakfest burrito in the World!! I drive 30 miles to get one. Actually headed there this morning so I will see the great staff very soon.... Clean place and great customer service!! Keep up the great work guys and you will be running chipotle back home very soon! If you are reading this review then please go try this place. Cody over and out
3	Just not up to par for I want from a Mexican spot. Better than Taco Bell or Chipotle? HELL YAH! I went with 2 tacos, red pork and red beef. Went with the refried beans and rice on the side. It was OK. Tortillas weren't soft, meat was a bit chewy, but the fresh ingredients were very good. Also order Chips and Queso, very basic and boring. I'd probably go back b/c they're down the street from my office, but wouldn't go out of the way for it. If you're all the way up north, strapped for time and want Mexican food....Its probably worth a shot. Just not very Legit in my book.
5	We ordered for pick up and ate it at our office.  It was awesome.  We are having it again today.  We ordered the burritos, nachos & taco salad.Very small location and parking not too easy but it overall great experience.
