5	With over one hundred different teas, you are likely to find whatever you are looking for here. Lately I am really into genmaichas and they have four different varieties to choose between. I am also a big fan of rooibos (also known as African red bush). I picked up their Tulsi Orange Ginger rooibos and it's great! I noticed quite a few fruity tropical green teas which I want to try iced. I will definitely be back.
5	We stopped by after having brunch when they first opened. Holly is great as well as the entire staff. I have been back several times and never disappointed. They are doing some really cool holiday items. I can't wait for gift giving this year.P.S. Try "The Great Pumpkin" tea its delicious
4	Disclaimer: I'm not a tea expert. I don't own a diffuser. I prefer my tea iced and plain because, frankly, I'm sweet enough. In search of the ever elusive 'thoughtful' Christmas gift for my picky sister I stopped in at Fleur de Teas in the hopes of finding something special. I wasn't disappointed. The shop, located next to the Phoenix City Grille, is small and cozy. Don't let the size fool you, this small spot is bursting at the seams with a huge variety of tea, tea accessories and beauty products. The staff was friendly and very helpful, walking me through several different varieties of tea until I found exactly what I was looking for. Needless to say, the gift was a hit (and very reasonably priced). I'm not a tea expert, but Fleur de Teas makes me want to be. I'll be back!
5	I was seriously blown away at the sheer quantity of teas in this adorable local tea shop.  I could have spent hours there, smelling and tasting teas that I have never seen anywhere else.  The owner was incredibly helpful and assisted me in choosing a bundle of teas to give as Christmas gifts.  She even wrapped them up in cute little bags for me, and sent me off with a big cup of tea to-go. She spent a lot of time telling me about her products, and her knowledge was phenomenal - I guess that is why she owns a tea shop ;)This is definitely my cup of tea!
5	This is a wonderful shop to purchase tea and tea accessories.  My partner got me a teapot from them at a considerably modest price compared to nearby tea shops.  The owners are friendly and knowledgeable.  If you enjoy delicious loose tea, you will love Fleur de Teas!
5	If you are looking for great quality tea, you are at the right place! An entire wall full of different tea's!!!! Service is fantastic and Holly can always help you find exactly what you are looking for! A must see and shop place in Phx!!!!
5	After lunch today we decided to stop in at Fleur de Teas. We had a groupon for this place and my husband has this obsession with tea lately, so I figured this would be the best place to spend a little while to make him happy. I think this tea store is superior to other tea stores in the valley based on one thing. They don't hound you or pressure you into buying tea. We have been to Teavana a few times before just to check it out, and the one time we asked about the kinds of tea they had I felt like I was going to be kidnapped and dragged into an abandoned building and beaten if I didn't buy any tea. They were aggressive and pushy and made you feel obligated to buy something after they pulled down their heavy containers of tea. This place is totally different. The atmosphere is calm and relaxing. You can check out the store at your own pace without any pressure from the workers. All of the tea comes in bags, but each tea is available to smell from these little cups that are placed by each kind of tea. There must be at least 100 different types of teas here. My husband talked with the lady who worked there for awhile about which kinds of teas tasted like what and he decided on three. A green, a white, and a chocolate tea. I'm not much of a tea drinker unless its black iced tea with no sugar, but I am excited to try the chocolate tea. My husband also picked up a porcelain tea pot here as well. There were all kinds of pots and strainers to choose from and I had fun wandering the store. It might take us awhile to get through all three bags of tea, but when we do we will definitely be back to try out some new flavors.
5	I had some time alone yesterday so I ventured out to use my Groupon.  I was aware of this place, but never stopped in.  I must say that the quality and overall taste of the tea in this store is by far the finest in the Valley.I am a tea lover so this store was quite a find for me.  In addition, they sell a number of tea related gadgetry and trinkets.The tea selection is mainly sold in 100g packs between $5.00 and $7.00.My only suggestion would be to increase seating and sell some mancha and other less common pure teas.A helpful and well learned staff.Give it a try.
5	I am so happy that Groupon featured this place! The woman working on the beautiful Saturday morning that we went was extremely attentive and helpful. I needed a Mother's Day gift and she was immediately able to identify the perfect gift.  We were the only ones in there and probably stayed for 45 minutes or so. I really hope more people stop by, as it is a little hidden away because of trees out front. But it is right by the Phoenix City Grill, which is very popular. I have only been to one other tea shop, and this one offered much more in novelty items.  I will definitely be going again, when I run out of all the tea I bought!
5	This is where I go to get my tea. I don't care if I have to drive out of my way, I'm not going to settle for less. They have the best selection of loose leaf tea. The staff is friendly and helpful and have great tea recommendations. Thanks to Fleur de Teas, I am branching out into iced teas. Never before have I tasted an ice tea blend that was worth drinking. Fleur de Teas, I love you.
4	Went to Fleur de Teas today to use my Groupon. Fantastic little store, with open loose samples of every tea to sniff and savor. But the service was terrible. The teenager who was there didn't know the first thing about teas and pretty much just spent the whole time surfing the web. Very disappointing on that score... But, I just took my time and sniffed just about every tea in the store. HOWEVER, the teas themselves.... OMG- I spent a little over an hour just trying each one. All the samples were very fresh- whoever is normally there cares about the store and the setup. I had picked 12 teas that I narrowed down to a final 5. Now they are a little expensive- between $5.50-$9.00 per 50g bag- but the quality was very evident. I spent $33 total with tax(but really only $23 because of the Groupon). They don't decaffinate their teas, but they had a very generous selection of herbal and Rooibos teas that gave me tons of options to try. This is what I got:Peach Brandy XO- $6.25- Black tea with peaches and brandy essence- moderate caffineFortune Cookie- $6.30- Green tea with with coconut and almods- low caffineSome Enchanted Evening- $8.85- White tea with blackcurrant, huckleberry and wildberry- very low caffineWeekend in Vermont- $5.70- Rooibos, honeybush, maple, vanilla and maple sugar- no caffineCherries Jubilee- $6.35- Hibiscus, rosehips, apple, dried cherries and natural sour cherry flavor- no caffineAnd- as a double plus bonus, if you make a purchase, you get a free 16oz cup of iced tea. The flavor they had today was prickly pear herbal tea. VERY good.
5	Great tea store!  The owner is always on site and is the most knowledgeable tea person that I have ever met.  They have samples of all of their teas to smell before purchasing, such a great idea.   They also have a nice store with plenty of neat items to purchase.
5	I ended up back at Fleur de Teas today because my mom had purchased a groupon after some friends bought her a tea pot and she remembered that we had bought a groupon here before. So when the second groupon offer rolled around she bought it right away.What a nice surprise it was to walk in and find out that they also now sell spice blends! It was magic to my nose! I spent nearly fifteen minutes sniffing every spice blend while my mom chose her tea. The toasted coconut sugar was delicious, there was a balsamic blend that I wanted to lick right out of the bag, and they even had pure vanilla. Amazing! If I could have I would have bought every bag. The prices were pretty reasonable too. I didn't see any bag priced over $7 and most of them were in the $4-5 range. So now not only should you come for the tea, come for the spice blends! They are all fantastic!
5	Love this store!! Great place to shop for personalized gifts. They have tons of delicious smelling teas, which you can smell , taste and ogle over. My friend Kris and I stop by with my mom and we were impressed. They have ice teas, fruit teas, chocolate teas, white teas anything you can dream of. I am already imagining creating gift baskets with the goodies they have here. By the way , the prices are more than reasonable and give you lots of choices to contemplate. Stop in here to relax , shop or just get creative with tea! Love it!
2	Based on the reviews on Yelp, I was quite excited to see this new tea shop in PHX.  My visit was less than thrilling, however.  I must pretense my review with the fact that I'm a purist, a little bit of a snob and opinionated.  I can appreciate tea blends - I make certain ones myself.  They serve a place and a purpose.  That said, I expect to be able to buy pure loose tea leaves at a place specializing in tea.  In fact, you'd think that's the main focus of a tea shop, but here it seems blends and spices are what keeps things together.They have lots of "teas" and accessories.  Maybe blends and masking tastes is what the public wants - I have no idea.  I do know that I'd think even a medium shelf, quality estate leaf would be available (or rather, the focus) at a tea shop.  I know you've seen shops like Adagio - you have their products.  When I heard this place opened, I thought it could be the first and only in PHX to really hit the nail on the head.  C4 still remains the place to go in a pinch; at least there I can get something called "darjeeling" (even if that's almost as vague as calling it "Chinese black tea").
4	Friendly, helpful, above and beyond service. Delightful gifts. Gift wrap is free! I will be purchasing many more gifts from Fleur de Teas.
5	Great place! Went there for the first time last week and was impressed by the selection of teas. Holly was friendly and extremely helpful. If you like tea, I suggest checking out Fleur de Teas.
5	Holly was awesome and I was looking for a black cinnamon herbal mix. She picked out a couple with me and actually suggested something out of left field a early grey tea which I'm not a fan of.. but one sniff and I had to try it. I bought more then I thought I would ...love the prices of the tea. I'll be back for sure since I just finished my tea about a week ago its about time lol.
5	I think this place is now called "dragonfly teas." But whatever the name, this place is exceptional. Everyone is so nice (even to children) and the tea selection is great. The tea is as good (if not better) than Teavana, but half to a quarter of the price. Be sure to try Lemon Love Affair...  Its Orgasmic!
5	This place is AMAZING! I just had their Pina Colada tea that was infused with real pineapple! What a light treat for the summer. Thanks for being a great tea spot!
5	Dragonfly Tea Company provided tea for the latest Local First Arizona event. Their tea was fabulous and the owner, Holly, is such a great person. She is very knowledgeable about tea and I am excited to visit her shop very soon. I highly recommend this business.
5	I am disabled with MS. The heat of summer about does me in, esp. in the car. Because of this, and because the best thing I've ever done for myself was to buy an electric Hamilton-Beach water kettle, I drink TEA. All day. Loads of it. Teavana is MUCHO EXPENSIVE, though I adore it. I learned of the Tea District through somebody's ad and like them very much as well. But, I had no idea we had a genuine tea company in Phoenix. And because of HomeRun, I was allowed to buy THREE vouchers. And because DragonFly is so awesome, they let me use all three to buy tea online and have it shipped to me all at once to avoid huge s&h fees. It should be here any day, and I can't wait to try their Cab(ernet) against Teavana's Opus Rouge. I love red heavily tart, fruity teas. It doesn't matter to me if there is no white, green, or black tea in it. In fact, I prefer it to just be the fruit. I drink it hot, and then as it cools all day in my tea pot, I keep refilling and either warm each huge travel mug with lid in the microwave, or drink it room temp, or even add some ice if it is particularly strong. I can EASILY drop $150 at Teavana, or $120 at Tea District and just touch on what I most want. With your three vouchers worth $60, I got to try two bags of every flavor I most wanted, except Peach (as they are out of it, but Holly wrote me several times and made recommendations based on what I had in my cart). I know I will love it, and go back to order the Peach when it is in stock again. Thank you so much for finding a local treasure and making it accessible. Sincerely, Judith Ann HillardPresident of Addiction Overcome, Inc., a non-profit foundationAuthor of The Other Woman at the Wellwww.addictionovercome.com
5	Love this store!  A great place to buy local for one thing, and be ecstatic with all the choices of tea and gifts for anyone!   I have bought tea for myself, but went in for some to send to a soldier in Afghanistan, and as soon as the owner knew what I was doing, she asked for his address and said she would adopt him and his company and send out a box of tea and goodies!  What a wonderful surprise!!  I can't recommend any one tea in particular because the six I have so far tried have been awesome!
5	I ended up here on a Sunday because Teavana didn't open until 12pm. This place is way better than Teavana and reasonably priced. Holly was very helpful and gave great recommendations. I love that you can smell the small jars of tea yourself and don't have to wait for someone to do it for you. There are tons of tea accessories and gifts. Holly even gift wraps!!  I also like that she sends tea to the troops overseas and you can purchase a bag of tea and personalize your own message. I recommend going here if you are interested in drinking good quality tea and have any questions. I don't live close, but will make the trip to go here.I will definitely be back!!
5	I just went to the Dragonfly Tea Company for the first time today and loved it!!  Holly the owner helped me pick out tea's and its like she knew exactly what I was looking for.  The tea's are wonderful and there are so many accessories, spices, gifts etc...  This will be my new go to place for tea and wonderful customer service!! If you like black teas you must try Shakespear's Garden, it increadible!!!  Thanks Hollyt for your help and my new favorite tea!
5	So, after driving past this place dozens of times, I finally decided to stop in.  I walked in and was happy to see a whole wall full of different types of teas (arranged in different colored bags so you know what kind of tea it is, very helpful).I was cheerfully greeted by the owner, Holly.  She was nice and informative without being pushy or up in my grill.  As a lover of rooibos (red tea) I was deeeefreakinglighted to find a nice selection of my favorite stuff!  I walked back a forth sniffing the teas (they have handy little glass jars full of each tea for you to smell...like scratch and sniff, only better.) I finally decided upon Cinnamon Dandy and Dark Chocolate Rum Cake.  Holy amazeballs, they are yumsky!  I'm already almost out!  The teas are bagged at 50 grams each.  My teas were $6.50 a piece, which I find to be highly reasonable.  I don't know if the other types are a little more, but I'm sure if they are, it's not by much.  In addition to the teas, they also have: cast iron tea pots, candles (some made in house), French presses, sweeteners, etc.  Can't wait to go back and find some more delicious treasures!!
4	Just off the square a little bit and across the street from my favorite restaurant in Healdsburg.  I found Holly's shop full off amazing teas and local honey to sweeten them.  More variety than I had time to explore. It's great.
5	I love this tea shop.  I used to purchase my Tea at Souvia, and while they were good, they do not even compare to Dragonfly.  It is always a treat to stop in at the shop, and chat with Holly the owner. She could not be nicer!
