1	One star because McDonald's is not food... it's engineered matter that just happens to be edible. But I thought I'd review this McDonald's in particular. It's the last McDonald's I ever ate at. The year was 2004 and in the dark of night, in the cool spring air, my friends and I stumbled out of a casino, drunk from free beer and poor from expensive gambling. It was 5:00 AM and although our appetites were ginormous, our options were limited. We happened upon this McDonald's where they were offering double cheeseburgers for $0.99. I ordered three. My companions followed suit. We sat down among the other customers: three older men sparsely seated and desperate to stay awake lest they be thrown out in the street amongst the crumpled pornographic business cards. One man chewed with his eyes closed. Another bobbed his head up and down. Either he was falling in and out of sleep or agreeing with everything. The last man was not so far gone but was the dirtiest of them all. Once our burgers were consumed, we headed out. I was glad to leave... only sleep lay before me now.
1	remember when i said I never eat at mcdonald's?  I think I did.  I vaguely remember a fried chicken sandwich sometime around 4am.  i think i might have slept in it, which wouldn't have been too bad, since i think it was soggy anyway.  drunk, vegas, and vacation are my excuses and i'm sticking to em
3	This is the most fucked up McDonald's you are gonna see.  Of course I didn't buy anything in here but really like going in there to use their bathroom because it's like negative McMoney for the big McCorporationBucks.com.  They have a shitty parking lot, people reading racing papers in the back, and a depressed Korean woman eating a chicken sandwich in the front.  There's a big old Golden Arches out there with lights all over it, like just regular light bulb lights.  The sign says "new building coming soon" and there are shitty renderings of a new fancy Dallas-style McD's with vegas lights all over it.  I can certainly wait for the new sign and building because I like the old one.  I went in here when I was buzzing on a Full Throttle slurpee which I highly recommend.
5	So what do you get when you are hungry...its 9AM....you only have had 3 hours sleep and you are looking for a homie who was last heard from 3 hours ago....McD's of course!!!The sausage egg McMuffin tastes like heaven when you are a bit drunk still, driving down and around the strip. At the OJ and water.....pure re-hydrating goodness!!! The take ATM/Credit at the drive thru and are speedy and attentive when taking your order.Oh BTW...the friend I was looking for...he was still in our hotel at the same craps table I left him at!!!!! I actually left the hotel cause I didn't think he would still be down there!! Gotta love Vegas!!
1	Just having come from a trip at the hotel across the street from this little wonder, I got to speak.Night one: About midnight I go in. There are about 5 people waiting in line. Fewer are behind the counter. The lights are on.Mister Manager announces "We close for 30 minutes! Order later!". Curious. Rude. Dismissive.Night two: The layout of the place makes for poor line control. From S. Las Vegas Blvd. won walks into a box type eating area, then for no good reason the ordering counters swing to an angle. One is challenged as to were the line is, and which line they are in.The management staff was rough with staff, and the staff seemingly part of the Clinton Welfare reform failure.People working in a McDy's on "The Strip" need a certain group of skills.The one's at this McDy's, lacked skills.
1	John the manager at this mcdonalds was rude and did not want to provide customer service. In the middle of ordering drive through he refused to accept order. I guess he thinks because he has flashy lights he can do as he likes.  I do not recommend this Mcdonalds.  Take it for what its worth.  Hope you have a better experience than I did.
1	This Mcdonalds is not only in the business of making crappy food and providing even crappier service watch out for the racket they have in the parking lot . If your not careful reading the sign at the the front of the entrance it is going to cost you $195.00 in parking fees. went in to to ask the management they just blew me off. lucky they are in vegas where they dont count on repeat businesssss.
1	I was walking down the Strip with relatives from out of town when they commented they were thirsty. At their behest we went into this McDonald's.The line was long and ill-managed. Only one register was open despite the 30 or so people in line.Most of my companions got their soda right away. One person ordered a coffee, which took 20 minutes to receive.
1	Terrible service, plain and simple!
1	Worst McDonald's ever! If you're looking for customer service this is definitely not the place.  How hard is it to get an order right? Or, I don't know,  how hard is it to work the drive thru window and pretend to know what your doing!! Ugh
