5	We had CTH come to our Halloween Block Party and everyone loved them!!!This truck is perfect for corporate events and parties...
1	I tried the Chicago dog, was very disappointed. It was on the level of Sonic drive-thru. I understand I'm at a food truck and not Portillo's or Hot Doug's, but it didn't even taste right.
5	I gotta say, when Sloppi Jo's and Foodslingers BOTH decided to leave the food truck game- I was MAD! I still crave their grub. But now at least I have another truck to call my favorite and MEAN IT. They've earned this title in the 4 times I've dined with 'em! I first tried the Italian Beef. (has a cool name can't remember) and I'm picky with my Italian beef. I've had it from Chicago and NY, and I'm ITALIAN! It was great. Meat wasn't too tough pepper mix was on point and in my opinion get the dip on the side so the bread doesn't get soggy. My mom one too & enjoyed. The second time I encountered them was VegasStreats. This is when i fell in love. At big events- they have this salad called "The Dame"  holy sh^*! It's the best Italian salad everrr! Im not breaking it down for u- just get it. Trust me!!! The marinara they use on the mob fries and sandwiches is better than decent- and I'm so sauce picky. I can't say anything negative! If I could recommend anything it would probably different bread selections for the rolls- one that can hold all that good stuff you shove in it! :) I also have to point out that on my 3rd visit to the truck, after only knowing me from twitter and being a customer- Caleb and Kim (the bosses I think?) walked right up to me and said, "yes, we have it, you want the dame right?" seriously?? They knew who I was And what I wanted before even getting to the truck! That's good service if you ask me. I'll be back, again. And again.
4	I tried Chi-Town Hustler at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest at the Silverton and was very pleased.I thought I was ordering a Italian sandwich and it turned out to be a salad.Silly me I read the sign wrong.The "Dame" Salad I was glad I read it wrong because I now have a favorite thing to order from there!I saw them at a food truck block party at the Suncoast a few months after that and stopped by to order the same thing.Give it a try if you see them at an event or around town!Prices ranged from $6-$8 depending on what you're ordering.
4	Yesterday we checked out Chi-Town Hustler at the food truck smackdown. They served a meatball slider on garlic bread. I liked it a lot. I find that meatballs are a good test of a place's quality. The meatball was on spot. Definitely will check them out again.
5	This review is for the Spicy Sausage dog I had a while back. I've been lazy about yelping. Today, I craved a hot dog, and I remembered that once upon a time, I had a really good Spicy Sausage from Chi-Town. I also remember their service. The female owner was really nice and explained everything on the menu. I also heard her mentioning to some patrons that they could get extra jus for the Al Capone, which is pretty sweet, with no extra charge. I like that they have those chilis too. They also have quarter-cut dill pickles that accompany the dog well. For a food truck, I would say that that hot dog was as good as it gets.
4	Had the pleasure of  trying their food on more than one occassion. Staff is always friendly. Their sausage and meatballs are always juicy and full of flavor. I even like the marinara sauce they use, I've been known to scrape my fair share of sauce off of things, but their lucky sauce is  happily consumed. I recently attended the Food Truck Smackdown at Fairway Chevrolet, and was so glad they won the competition. I also attended the Fod Truck Throwdown at Tivoli Village in May and they also won with their burger collaboration with Bottles and Burgers. Keep up the good work Hustler!
4	I'm a big Philly Cheese Steak fan but I've yet to try an Italian Beef Sandwich.  So when I saw the truck and the ensuing crowd I had to stand in line to see what the fuss was all about. I ordered a sandwich and it was a juicy delightful surprised.  On Man V Food Adam shows you how to properly eat these things with a lean so you don't dribble or waste any of the juicy goodness served up and I'm so glad I saw that episode and was prepared.  I don't know if I will ever give up my Philly but if these guys are nearby I will definitely have to stop and think about it for a few seconds.
4	Had their Fried Ravioli recently. 6 large ravioli for 5$, and they were good! For my taste I may ask for my marinara on the side next time, I only like a bit of sauce with each bite and they had a lot poured on the top of the ravioli. Always fast friendly service.
4	Great Chicago dog at the Foodie Festival.  Even has the nuclear green relish and poppy seed bun!  Taste of home.  I'm a follower.
5	Thanks for coming to our event!  Great food, great service..,what a great time.  Rainbow company thanks you and we will have you back....soon!
5	I checked out Chi-Town Hustler on my recent trip to Las Vegas for a bowling tournament.  As soon as I got into town, I didn't stop off to drop bags or unwind.  I headed straight to the Rio and had to check out Chi-Town Hustler.  The crew is very passionate, the food is authentic and it spoke high volumes when I received my sandwich, "The Boss".  Juicy meatballs with hearty marinara and melted cheese.. and with a side of their "Mob Fries", it was a very fulfilling and delicious meal that was well worth the 6-hour drive from Phoenix.Chi-Town Hustler is definitely on my list of "musts"  whenever I come back to Vegas. Hopefully, it will be sooner than later because I need to try everything off their menu.
1	Ate here while at the SEMA show and have to say it was the WORST hamburger I ever had. They priced everything at $10 and it was worth $1 the meat had no flavor was dry and supposedly there was pesto and balsamic reduction but couldn't find it.  My husband is not a tough critic with food and he even hated it.  The only thing that was good were the fries.
3	Ran into these guys at today's Sunset Park'd food truck festival and concert. Chose the Whack Job sub ($7), which was basically an Italian sausage with coarsely chopped peppers and onions.I'll tell ya, it was pretty whack how the sausage felt so small in comparison to the dull bun that it was subbed it. It tasted pretty good, but I would've preferred to pay more to get a better meat-to-bread ratio. Some sort of sauce would have helped too, or maybe serving the peppers as a giardiniera instead of just sliced and grilled.Friends weren't overly impressed with their burger (forgot the name but it was the one with the balsamic), so if you're going to try these guys, pick something else, like one of the mozzarella-topped sandwiches.
2	At Sunset Park'd Saturday, the menu for Chi-Town Hustler drew me in. I gave their Enforcer Wrap and some fries a try.The Wrap came out pretty quick, with the fries following shortly thereafter. I b-lined it to a table and dove into my food. The fries were a little undercooked and luke warm, but tasty. Getting the first bite of Enforcer Wrap torn off, like a hyena on the Savannah, I stopped mid-bite. Their tortilla was ice cold, the marinara sauce, was ice cold, the mozzarella cheese was... ice cold and not melted. The chicken strip in the middle was warm.Taste-wise, it was good. Texture/temperature-wise... I was severely disappointed. $10 for something that seemed like it was just pulled out of a fridge was saddening.If that is how they always are, I won't eat the wrap again. I may give some of their other food a chance, but won't be going out of my way to do so.
