5	I wouldn't normally review a McDonald's on this site because...well, it's McDonald's.  If you're not familiar with them, are you from another planet?  This particular one across from SouthPark Mall deserves its own entry, though, because of its uniqueness.  Due to SouthPark codes, they had to make McDonald's blend in, and they did a nice job.  The two-story brick building is actually quite attractive and "fits" in with the upscale SouthPark "theme."  It's conveniently located across from the mall...and in front of Original Pancake House.  I had the pleasure of dining at this McDonald's when OPH had an hour wait.  We wanted to eat breakfast and get on the road to do some shopping and that long delay wasn't fitting into our schedule.  Cut to:  us walking from OPH to McDonald's, not more than a few feet away.   We ordered breakfast and sat upstairs on the second level.  Breakfast was good, as it usually is there, and it was fun looking out the window at the SouthPark area.  How often do YOU get to look down on SouthPark people like they look down on you?  Ha!
4	I can count on one hand how many times I go to a fast food restaurant within a year and you can almost bet it equals late night and alcohol. Last night was no different.  MickeyD's was calling my name.  I stopped at the one on Fairview Road.  Service was fast and pleasant.  My french fries were so hot I couldn't eat them right away.  Le Big Mac was the perfect amount of gooeyness from the special sauce and I don't know what their secret is for fountain drinks, but the Coke at McDonald's always taste better than anywhere else. Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun.
1	I used to like this Mcdonald's location. But recently getting really disgusting. A lot of flies are flying around. Their floor is sticky. Tables and chairs are always nasty. It's really turned me off. I didn't get anything there!
3	The inside is what sets this McDonald's apart. No point talking about the food, y'all know what to expect. But what is unexpected is that there is a player piano in the front downstairs tinkling pleasant quasi-classical tunes. Up the circular staircase upstairs is wi-fi and cable news on a big screen at a tolerable level. People were set up with their laptops and the overall effect was really manageable. I rarely ever want to go IN to a fast-food place because the environment is usually such a turn-off, but this location is a nice alternative. Unlike a previous reviewer, I found the place to be quite clean and this was at a very busy lunch time. Getting in is a bit of a trial as you have to cross through the drive-through line and the people in their cars are not really looking out for pedestrians.I'd return here for a place to linger a bit, which is a shocker when I think about it.
4	By McDonald's standards, this location is downright luxurious! The service is great some shifts, and shifty other shifts, but the setting makes up for it. In addition to the baby grand piano in the corner of the first floor-- there's a fireplace and large TV on the second floor, and a balcony for outside seating.  There are even framed paintings on the walls!  (Well, they're to the caliber of those art show liquidation paintings that cost $5, but I appreciate the ambiance enhancer.) Especially fitting since this MickyD's is across the street from Nordstrom!
3	One of the nicest McDonald's I've been in, which of course is what you would expect for a neighborhood like this - Southpark. There is a piano in the lobby and there are two levels.The crew here seem to have more of a clue than other McD's I've patronized, but the main problem with this one is that it is very difficult to get into and out of. It is a very narrow pad with the drive through and I have no doubt that there are any number of minor fender benders with the quality Charlotte drivers and the massive vehicles in this part of town.There is a large TV upstairs and I did manage to find a couple of power outlets. Free wifi, as in all McDonald's.All I can say is: be wary!
1	This is a five star McDonalds so to speak. There's a baby grand player piano and an upstairs with tv. However the service and food quality are standard run of the mill McDs. I'm writing this from the upstairs after buying my daughter a happy meal. Her fries are cold as are the nuggets. The sprite is all soda no syrup. I got a small choco shake which was barely mixed. I think it's actually vanilla. Not fatal errors but either they're short handed or they just don't take pride in their job. Hope this is just a fluke.
4	Wow.  This McDonalds is hecka classy.  There's a baby grand piano, it's two stories, and everything is clean and immaculate.  There are numerous tables outside on the second floor balcony and the seating plan is perfectly laid out on the inside.  As far as facilities are concerned, this is the best McDonald's I've been to.The food.... is the same as regular McDonald's which I think is AOK.  I don't know how some people are so picky with their $6 combo meals.  Besides waiter service, I don't know what else I would want!  I ordered my usual Big Mac Meal and it was delicious.  I got a great portion of fries, I had a great selection of drinks to choose from, and I had a wonderful environment to eat.  There's even a big TV with the news on so you can catch up on your current events.
4	This is a McDonald's that makes me want to put my pinky up in the air when dunking chicken mcnuggets into various sauces.  First of all, it's a two story McDonald's!  WIN right across the street from Southpark Mall (in the middle of it all).  I always liked going upstairs and people watching from the upstairs patios.I've never had sub-par fast food here, so they are super consistent with the way they make stuff.  Wasn't a huge fan of the cashier my last visit.  He just kinda stood there and took my order without talking to me... could have been a long day, but it was a bit awkward.  When my food came out, he didn't call me over... so it was sitting there for a while until I noticed it.I'm liking the addition of the self playing baby grand in the bottom floor... really classes it up.  Pinkys up!
3	This McDonald's has a confusing as hell Drive Thru route. You have to circle the entire building to get to the Drive-Thru section. I was so hungry for my fatty indulgence that I pictured myself accidentally running over a patron as I high-tailed my way around the corner to get to the drive-thru lane. Yeah, this location looks all fancy-shmancy but they really, really disappointed me.I got a nugget meal to-go, only to go home and find that they forgot the SAUCE! Nuggies with no sauce? I wouldn't wish that upon my worst enemy! I looked at my receipt and it was right there-- "S&S sauce $0". But, there was no sauce. I tore through my bag, hoping that it was hiding under the fries, but there was no sauce to be found.  I could have broken down in tears right then.For that, I will not return to you. You have forsaken me.
4	Decent McDonalds. Definitely better than the one in Houston that I used to go to and wrote a complaint on them for being consistently negligent. I like this one and its a keeper! Place - two stories and for the most part, clean.Price - it's Mickey D's. Service - somewhat quick in the drive-thru, friendly people. They only forgot once, but it's forgivable.
1	The restaurant is clean but that is the nicest thing I can say about it.  The food was horrible both times I ate there in the past two weeks!  I talked to the manager after the first time who acted concerned but less than a week later the food was still horrible!!!!  Fries were cooked in old nasty grease( taste like everything but fries) and the burger was not done or hot!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	It's a McDonald, you can't expect an amazing experience. This McDonald is in an excellent location, right across the street from Nordstrom and Belk's in South Park Mall. Two stories with a huuge playground attached for kids. This is children's haven. The upstair even has a piano, tell me a McDonald that has this? Plenty of seating, the store itself is clean enough, a lot of sunlight and open ceilings since it has 2 floors. Service is not superb but not terrible. Overall, if you compare this McDonald with other McDonalds around the area, or even around the state, you will find that this one is quite superb.
3	I was super wary about this stop because of previous reviews, but they have apparently stepped their game up... They have a new (or at least new to me) 60 second or less service guarantee and I was definitely wondering if the "quality" of the food would suffer since they were trying to move so quickly... I was very pleasantly surprised... Not only were we through the drive thru in about 60 seconds, my food was incredibly hot and fresh... Well, you know, as fresh as McDonald's is... It was a quick trip with hot food which is what I wanted, so I was pleased...
1	RUDE RUDE RUDE. I normally NEVER leave a review of a fast food chain, but this is an exception.  The workers are just plain rude.  The fries were nasty and the bun on my burger was stale.  Avoid this place unless you just don't give a crap about how your treated and want a sub par Big Mac.
2	This place is truly hit and miss... The breakfast is best here like many other reviews say here the drive thru is rediculously laid out while I've never encountered rude staff here I gotta say it's only selling point is the location,being 2 stories, and the piano is awesome but it is mcdonalds keep in mind so the food can only be so good even if it's hot and "fresh" Eat here at your own risk and since they close at midnight this isn't a drunk food spot
2	McDonald's is McDonald's there's  nothing really special to say. Quick cheap food with a tolerable customer service. What's not to love?
5	I love this McDonald's. They are always so kind and care about their customers. One day this Spanish woman accidentally gave me breakfast burritos instead of my sandwich. When I came back she realize exactly what happened and quickly traded them out. Today when I came, two weeks later she gave me a brownie for no reason. they also make the best iced coffee around.
