5	As far as listing what's good about this place goes, I don't know where to start...Recently opened on busy and bustling Nicolson Street, In Delhi is perfect for everything from meeting friends for coffee, to a full lunch, to simply wanting to try the mango cheesecake they advertise on the blackboard outside. I can say that much from personal experience!What I love most about this place is that it stands out from all the other lunch/coffee places in this area of Edinburgh. The walls and menus are covered with Bollywood film covers, and the seats and ceiling are covered with bright coloured, sequinned drapes and throws. Whilst the bright colours might not sound very relaxing, the seats are bean-bag comfy and the low tables give the whole place an authentic yet informal atmosphere. The kitchen is all open-plan so you can see exactly how your food is being prepared.I usually go for the spicy chicken roti wrap when I'm there, which just like the veggie and other meat rotis comes with 4 home-made salads, pickles and chutneys - which are always different every time you go.For those less predictable than me, the counter is fit to burst with homemade pakoras, samosas and bhajis of various descriptions and fillings, which again are all served with the lovely sides.The infamous mango cheesecake, whilst not as sweet as usual cheesecakes, was so more-ish I even thought about ordering a second piece.No alcohol is served, but you couldn't ask for a bigger selection of soft drinks, ranging from the usual fizzy drinks you'd expect to the more exotic - my personal favourites are the Bundaberg Ginger Beer or the Rubicon Mango juice.Don't miss... if you're a student, take your snapfax and get 50% discount on roti wraps and coffees.
3	This cafe looks nothing on the outside like it looks on the inside. Which is probably why it took me so long to get to it. In Delhi's on Nicolson street, which is a pretty busy street, as far as Edinburgh's concerned (though it's no Princes Street), so the bustle of people always seemed to keep it well hidden. The outside is white with scrawling letters, and it has two large windows that show a whole bunch of colourful drapes on the walls, and similarly colourful pillows on the seats. I can't really decide whether it's tacky and overwhelming, or quite comforting. The pillows are definitely comfortable, in any case.They serve a variety of Indian cuisine, as well as lassis, juice (passion fruit, lychee and more!), delicious chai and coffees. I had a desi coffee when I was there, which was FULL of cinnamon (always a good sign). The food's normally less than a fiver, and you get a pretty good, filling amount. Around the cafe, and inside the bathroom there are loads of magazine photos of Indian stars and they show music videos on a small TV.  I definitely recommend going in for a desi coffee (if you're a fan of cinnamon) and a vanilla flavoured chai if you're around the area and want to get away from the sirens and bustle of buses and cars on Nicolson street.
4	10 to 10 in Delhi is a great little Indian coffee shop in the Newington area of Edinburgh. It is really cosy inside, with a small seating area covered in brightly covered drapes and Indian music playing in the background - very authentically Indian. Although it is quite small inside it could very easily feel cramped, but they have decorated it in such a way that it feels cosy and intimate. There is a small counter at the back of the shop selling traditional Indian food as well as hot and chilled drinks. 10 to 10 in Delhi use authentic Indian terms on their menu when listing the food. They have a range of dishes available such as pakora's and samosas and there is an impressive selection of vegetarian meals available too.  The staff are warm adn inviting and willing to explain what a particular dish is.10 to 10 in Delhi is a great place to sit in or takeaway food to get a little taste of India.
4	Stepping in here and you feel like you've stepped into another world. They have gone all out with the Indian decor- jewel coloured drapes cover the walls and cosy cushions fill the seats. It smells incredible in here as well which immediately got my tastebuds excited... and they weren't disappointed. The long menu means that you are bound to find something you fancy. I didnt know what a lot of the stuff on the menu was, but that just adds to the fun and if you ask the staff for suggestions they don't look at you and laugh but explain patiently what the dishes are!I was very pleasantly suprised by the prices which has made this a regular haunt for me for a full meal or just a coffee or cold drink.
4	Authentic chai, in Edinburgh, at last! This little place is gorgeous, and smacks of India with its Bollywood movies in the background and chai simmering away on the stove. Service is good, there is probably a little room for improvement in display and presentation of the deli section, but nothing that will put you off. It's the kind of place I want to return to with a book and order a never ending pot of chai, lovely.
5	What can I say about Delhi that hasn't already been said? It's really lovely. Gorgeous, cozy decor - bright hangings, comfy pillows thrown about, would really warm up a windy Edinburgh afternoon. Delicious food - tried the lamb samosas and chicken tikka masala and they were both great, generous portions as well - and the prices so sinfully low, I felt a bit criminal, like I was robbing the place. The service is very friendly and courteous and there's a great selection of teas. It'd be a lovely place to while away a rainy afternoon, sipping on tea and nibbling on poppadoms - if you can get a table, it gets quite busy, and rightfully so.
4	My go to place when I am hungry, on a budget, but craving something tasty and worth more than what I paid! I always get their Chicken Masala which seems to be a very popular dish here, which says a lot about how it tastes. They also have tasty options for vegetarians (my vegetarian roommate loves it here). For dessert, I always get their mango cheesecake... which... I'm salivating now just thinking about it. It's wonderful. If you go here, you must get the mango cheesecake! The decor is beautiful as well, with colorful drapes covering every square inch of the walls. I wish they had a larger selection of dishes, but the selection they do have is tasty!If you're craving Indian cuisine, want somewhere cozy to relax while eating, and you have only 4 pounds in your pocket, this is the place.
4	I go to the Delhi Cafe about once a week - I can't resist! I love everything about it (apart from the toilet facilities). The food is cheap and delicious. The curry is very flavourful, the naan bread just the right amount of garlicky, the rice is lovely and a refreshing little side of fresh salad and couscous comes on your plate. Portions are the perfect size, enough to not make you feel like you'd want more, but not so much that it's a struggle.  Yummy, comforting food that doesn't leave you feeling over-stuffed.The staff are lovely as well, very efficient and up for a wee chat. What more could you want? Love it! (I'd give it 5 stars if they gave the toilet a bit of a re-furb.)
5	Incredibly cheap and good with a nice atmosphere.  I even took my in-laws here when they were visiting.
5	Delicious and cool authentic decor. Can't to go back again soon. Had the mixed vegetarian plate and couldn't get enough.
3	Coming from Houston this place might feel a bit small. However the owner is very friendly and accommodating. The portion of non veg meal (curry, pakora, chick peas and half garlic naan) is sufficient for one person. It was delicious and you will crave for more indeed !!It is recommended for people who like mild indian food!!It's very reasonably priced for UK and you can be full in less than 8 pounds.What adds to your entire experience is the amazing decor!! Tip.. During fringe festival be prepared to wait!!
