5	I needed my natural hair cut and didn't know who to go to in Pittsburgh. I noticed this salon near my office and decided to give it a chance instead of driving all the way back to Columbus for my regular spot. Per usual I consulted Yelp to check out  the reviews. I called and made an appointment with Sanoma. She did an excellent job of questioning me about my hair and my expectations. 2 hours later I left with straight soft and lovely hair minus the split ends. I'll definitely be back.
5	Brandon does an amazing job, he really knows what he is doing and the shop is in a great spot too.  I moved here from Colorado and needed to find someone new to give me a haircut, and luckily found Brandon on Yelp. The reviews here are spot on this place is great,
5	I was in Pittsburgh for the week and was in desperate need of a haircut. I chose Cultural's Elite on Yelp because it was the closest to my hotel. I was blown away by how great my experience was.I was greeted at the door by two adorable little pups. Rachel was my stylist. She got me right in the chair and asked what it was I needed. She delivered on my every request. Sometimes people go way too short when you tell them not to. She did amazingly. After my cut, she washed my hair, dried it and cut the uneven bits. Then she offered for me to style my own hair. I let her do it because she had already been so great. I was in and out in 40 minutes. All in all....a great experience!Go there!
5	So good So good So good.  had a great time here.  The establishment was very clean and had a good vibe.  I got a hair cut buy the owner of the salon and I can't say one bad thing.  he listens and does everything right.  I was on tour with a show and I stumbled across this little gem on yelp and would recommend it to any one either in the area or in town for a short minute and in need of a hair cut.  also the two dogs that they have at salon are the cutes and I wanted to take them home with me.
5	When I'm thinking about reviewing places rarely does the thought to  review the barber who cuts my hair come to mind. As with most men getting my ears lowered is probably down near the bottom of my priority list. Often times I get my hair cut short not because it's so stylish but because it's low maintenance and I don't have to get it cut for a bit of time. Then you go to a barber shop on a whim. I need a cut on the hair, I didn't have time to run to my usual spot, and frankly it's only about a two block walk from the shop. So I sauntered down the street thinking well if it's a women's salon oh well I have to get a hair cut!So I walk in and I'm immediately greeted by these two small lap dogs that belong to the owners and to be honest they are super affectionate little monsters. The young man behind the reception counter politely greeted me after the little pups did and squeezed me in to have Brandon the owner of the shop clip me up. That's where I was very impressed. Brandon greeted me also asked me kindly to give him a few more minutes before he could seat me for the haircut.What first struck me with Brandon was that he looks so young which of course added to my trepidation with putting my hair in his hands. I had never been here and now I have a baby face barber coming at me with shears and clippers!!!!What a true surprise and find Brandon is!!!He is a consummate professional with that great barber twist... how long has it been since you've sat down in a chair with a real barber who takes pride in his craft (if you're a man). Well he was like Jackson Pollock with his tools of the trade or Evgeni Malkin with a puck screaming towards the net on a break away. In other words an artist with shears and clippers. Not only did he listen to what I wanted but he delivered with panache and suave style!So to make it even better the salon is split in two with the right side being the barber side for all us guys to be guys and get our hair cut by a smooth criminal with clippers. On the other side is the ladies paradise. After my experience my daughter needed her hair done also. So off to the local barber shop/salon we went.To say my daughter was skeptical of her dad taking her to where I get my hair cut is an understatement but she was definitely glad she went. She was introduced to Sonoma and again this lovely lady listened intently to my wife and daughter on what they were trying to do with her hair, because as any guy knows, women's hair is a magical journey into the feminine psyche of "beautiful". Add to that mix a sixteen year old girl and the stage is set for massive disappointments and tragedies if even one lock falls wrong.Sonoma not only listened, provided feedback, she has girl talk while working down pat. I watched as my daughter went from a nervous teen worried with the outcome of her hair to being at ease and letting a talented professional ply her craft. Sonoma took her time and delivered in a big way! My daughter felt transformed, strutted like a supermodel on a runway in Milan, and was smiles from ear to ear.So if you are in downtown Pittsburgh, PA and find yourself in need of a great haircut and style stop by and be wowed by your experience give Brandon or Sonoma a call.
5	I am a first time weave owner. Lol I've done clip ins but that was in H.S. for dances like prom/ homecoming. I've been trying to grow my hair out for about 8 years with no real success... not too mention age playing a factor with my hair thinning out & stress. Soo....I took the plunge bought myself some fabulous hair, got a reference from a friend for this place who said Brittany is amazing,& I called to make an appointment. Person on the phone was wonderful,  nice. Appointment day came,  I'm amped, excited,  & nervous all in one.Brittany was a real doll. She did 4 tracks on my head..braided/sewn in, she was fast, fierce, fabulous, & really fun to chat with. She got it done in 1.5 hours flat.The price was GREAT. I fully expected to pay a ton more but I didn't.  I tipped the crap out of her. Lol Everyone who has seen my hair/weave has exclaimed how natural it looks & I've referred about 7-8 ladies to Ms. Brittany to get their weave on. Very happy, will be back! !!
5	Walked pass by this place just in time I needed a new hair style for fall. Decided to give it a try and that was the BEST decision ever! I don't usually go to a hair salon and I don't want someone to mess up my hair either so it was hard for me to choose a new place to do my hair. But I'm glad I did.The co-owner, Sonoma, was the one who did my hair. She was really nice and so professional. She knew what I need and did it right. She also gave me advise about what hair products to use to extend the color of my hair.The price is a little bit pricy but it's so worth it!!! Def going back again when I have a chance.
5	I haven't had a hair cut downtown in a long time, but I had put off my haircut for far too long and was looking to try a new place.  Barbers are kind of like dentists or doctors; it might take a while to find one that you like, but once you find them, you stick with them.After reading the reviews on Yelp, I decided to give this place a try.  It is getting difficult to find barbers these days and there is truly no substitute for the cut provided by a barber vs. a stylist when it comes to men's hair.The place is comfortable and tastefully appointed.  I like that it felt normal inside and not snobby or overly trendy like some places downtown and in Shadyside.  When I opened the door, two Yorkies came running to greet me and continued to play the entire time I was there.I had a moment of panic when I realized that Brandon was busy with other clients and I wouldn't get my sought after barber cut, but Rachel did an excellent job with my hair and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her work as well.Overall, I was very happy with the service, the cut, and the price.  It ended up being $25 for a cut with wash, which is pretty fair given the quality, attention to detail, and location.  It looks like I found my new place.
5	Just left this amazing place with my new fall color! Thank you Sonoma for your excellent service and reccomendations!
5	I've been going to Brandon for about a year and a half and couldn't have better things to say about him and the rest of his shop.  The entire team is friendly, welcoming, and professional.  I've only had my hair cut by Brandon and he has done a fantastic job time and time again, to the point where if he wants to try something new, I just let him do whatever he thinks.  I get more complements on my hair now than I ever had before, and I've been paying for high end hair cuts for years.
5	Very few places in town that can give you a good, consistent short haircut with a very good fade.
