5	Spinetti's is an awesome source of cool gambling stuff - casino cards, poker sets, etc.  They are located right behind the Gambler's General Store, just a few blocks south of Main Street on LV Blvd.Spinetti's is great both via the internet and in store.  I purchased a poker set from them a few years back and it arrived quickly, was packaged securely, and shipping was reasonable.  The prices are outstanding.  Casino's charging you $4 for a deck of cards?  Try 13 for $10.  Dice at $5?  Try $1.50 a pair.The staff is very friendly and helpful, the store is clean, and a much better experience than their neighbor.  If you need stuff for your home poker parties (or to build the ultimate dice clock) these are your guys.
3	Chips were cheaper here than at the Gamblers General Store across the street, and they had a ton more sets that you could easily pick up without having to think too hard.  Seemed like their tables were cheaper too (doesn't everyone need a craps table thingie so they can play at home?).  And hey, their business card was another chip, so that's handy :)
5	I am a long time casino collector and I have done business with Spinettis for many years on ebay.  For the first time I went to their retail store on my recent 10 day trip to Las Vegas.  The customer service was great.  I placed several large orders for used casino playing cards and they were happy to ship them at a very lost cost to me.  I also got some art work and rare sheets of casino cards in addition to my decks and they were packed great and shipped with care.  They bent over back to make sure I got what I wanted and shipped them at the lowest price.If you are looking for home gaming supplies or used casino cards this is the place to buy them.  You will get great customer service, very low prices and they will ship your stuff for you.
4	This is a really fun gaming supply shop that is a toy store for grown ups. Everything from dice and cards to full-on poker tables can be found here. I ordered from this place back in 2009 when I needed some dice and their prices were very good. They have since gone up, but it's a neat place to find some oddities nonetheless and their staff is very friendly.
5	Friendly, welcoming, and knowledgeable staff. They really go out of their way for the customer. Great selection and the prices are considerably lower than the competition. This store is for the serious gamer.
5	Spinettis is a fantastic store that carries all of your home gambling needs. They ship world wide, have excellent prices, and many great products. The staff is friendly and helpful. They have a lot of chips, many different gaming tables, and a big selection of old rare, collectible chips. They carry top of the line chips(Paulsons which are used in many casinos). They have used casino dice, $1 chips, and cards. They sell cases of mixed casino cards. They also sell top of the line cards(Kem and Copag). During the summer they offer free ice cold water. Be sure to pick up a business card, I mean business poker chip. They also customize chips. I love coming here to browse. Only complaint I have is that the real $1 casino chips cost $3. If you want chips, buy in at a table and then right away go to the cage and cash out and keep as many chips as you want. I also really like the staff. I was here several months ago and a woman and her friend from Australia purchased I believe a poker table. They wanted accessories ie chips and cards. The staff DID NOT try to push Paulson Poker Chips and Kem cards on them. For people that don't know one Paulson chip costs $1:30-$1.50 per chip.  Kem cards are about $30. If you are a tourist, add Spinettis to your to do list.
5	This store is a hidden gem in Las Vegas.  As a casino playing card and new poker chip collector I have been dealing with Spinettis for the last 3 or 4 years.  I just got back from my trip to Vegas and made two visits to the store.  One of the great things I like about this store is they treat everyone like family.  You are greeted when you walk in and offered some water.  The staff will go out of their way to help you, educate you and even ship large shipments back home. One of the thing that is missing from retail today is store employees that know product and history of the product.  I stood there and listened while the retail manager was educating another customer about poker chips, what makes them different and the more rare ones from casinos that never opened.  While I consider myself educated on casino and Vegas history I find myself learning something new each time.  You dont get that at any big box store.If you need poker chips for your home game, cards or something to take home to friends and family this place is the place to get your casino and Vegas items.  The staff will pack it and ship it home to you so you wont have to pack it and be charged for overweight bags.
5	The place to shop in las Vegas for all of your home Gaming Supplies. The friendliest and most helpful group of people you will meet in a store. Be sure to check out the web site too: spinettis gaming.comPick up your copy of Poker Pages Magazine for free right here; also if you are looking for coupons, they have The Today Magazines right out front for you and it's also FREE. And the best thing is the free ice cold water in summer.
5	My husband and I stopped by here for one or two items and ended up purchasing several more. The manager greets each customer as if he's known them forever, telling stories and anecdotes. He and his staff were very helpful in locating what we needed, then left us to browse on our own. We'll be back again!
4	A chip collector?   Are you a gambler?  A semi pro Vegas historian?Then Spinettis is the shop for you.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=WCyD3030jgcUJSpCJ-jgig&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwI have a friend who is an avid chip collector, he has cases of them, really cool display. He asked me to call him from Spinettis and let him talk to the guy there. Happy to help a friend in need.  I watched the guy started pulling a bunch of old $5 chips from the case and handed me back the phone. "Are there 17of them" my friend asked? I counted..1.2.3.4... Yup. " OK pay him $425 for the lot". WTF I thought for less than $100 wort of chips! My friend is a nut!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/spinettis-home-gaming-supplies-las-vegas-2#TeeFv031vYLnN7cmjtNqDABut as I looked at the chips and the hundreds of others I could see the appeal. These were some pretty unique chips with some cool artwork. I liked an Elvis one the best.The guy working the chips was very nice and must really know his stuff, I certainly got a education on the chip collection game. He told me there are people with thousands of them and some go for mega bucks (thousands!). Sorry I left camera in the store. Borrowed these.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/spinettis-home-gaming-supplies-las-vegas-2#PZ-ZGCz3jS27LHILL-ELfghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/spinettis-home-gaming-supplies-las-vegas-2#BBEHM-JVF2NfcXj0WDp5AwThey got other stuff for collectors from ash trays to dice to cards from various LV casinos. They also have anything you may need to transform your house into a mini casino. Tables, chips, cards, dice, shufflers even bingo supplies, so rush on over there and get yourself in on some of the lucrative casino bucks. Why should Italians and Indians have all the fun?So if collecting stuff like this floats your boat give this place a try, I'm sure you can find something for your collection too.
4	This store is much smaller than Gambler's General Store, but actually has a much better selection of Cards, Chips, and supplies. The exception is dice and layouts, which is better at the other store. The employees are more eager to help here and friendly, but also kinda creep you out. I felt like I was being watched every second. Looking forward to shopping here again!
5	I'm crazy about vegas and this place has all types of cool casino related stuff.  Very large chip collection and just all types of stuff, dice, tables, drink holders. chip holders, the list goes on and on.  If you are looking you that unique gaming room accessory this is the place.   Oh, they even give you free water.   Located southwest from fremont street, maybe a 5 min drive.
5	This place has a great selection of about anything and everything you could want that is related to gambling.  Plus, their prices are much cheaper than Gamblers World that is across the street.
5	Awesome store, great customer service.  This is a must see if you love casino items.
3	Very helpful and friendly staff.
5	They were very helpful and friendly. I got everything I need to practice dealing, at a great price!
4	Love this shop. Really cool employees. Lots of good stuff to be found!!
5	I hate giving out 5 stars, but these guys are the real deal. I popped in on my drive back from downtown hoping they might have a couple sets of craps dice for my collection. They have everything I was looking for and much more. You could seriously find everything you would need to open your own casino. The owner was very friendly and wanted to know where I was from. The clerk was equally friendly.Getting here might be a little bit of an issue if you don't have a car. Much too far of a  walk from the strip and passes by some sketchy areas coming from downtown. I'd guess it would be about a $15 cab ride from either north strip or Fremont.
5	Very helpful and had everything I need for my Hold'em Tournaments!
5	Great staff, lots of knowledge of Vegas history, extensive product available for the home gamer. Henry and Al made us feel welcome and taken care of.
5	They have everything you would want.  My son collects casino playing cards and they had everything he wanted including casinos that were closed already.  The owner (I think!) and staff are extremely nice and knowledgeable.  Buying used cards here is cheaper than buying them in the casinos which is an added plus!  Alot of their things are so fascinating from dice right up to authentic casino playing tables.  They had the pai gow set my son wanted and my son liked that it was actually played with at a casino.  I believe it was the owner who gave us a wealth of information about Vegas.  Thank you so much Spinetti's...we WILL be back.  It was a fun and enjoyable trip and we learned a lot and got what we needed for now!  People need to go here just to see the items and to pick up a few great items!
