3	I don't know many people who come to the Vegas Strip to watch a movie but this is a good place to beat the heat, kill some time, and maybe take the kiddies if they've run out of family friendly things to do on the Strip.The UA Showcase Cinemas are located right around the corner from Coke World and tickets are available for purchase at a kiosk next to M&M World. The theater isn't anything special but it has A/C on full blast and the seats are somewhat comfy with plenty of leg room.This theater also offers $7.50 matinees which for me turned out to be a convenient 3 PM matinee. Score! I don't know any other place in the country that offers first run movies that cheap. I spent my last day in Vegas watching Oceans 13 (the perfect Vegas movie to end a Vegas trip). It was entertaining and yes Brad is still munching in this film.
1	This place was horrible. While 2012 was a great movie, the place felt like I was in the ghetto not off the strip! The restrooms were nasty and the service was literally nonexistant. We paid and printed our tickets thru fandango so we went straight to the theater entrance and there was no one there so finally we and a few others behind us just walked in. Pretty much anyone could have just walked in paid or not. Then there was no one at the snack bar. My husband had to walk around yelling hello and finally someone came over. Both times I went to the bathroom there was an employee in the on their cell phone.  To top it off, they have the old type seating not the stadium seating.  Next time I'm in Vegas and wanna see a movie, it won't be here.
3	For being on the strip, on a Saturday night show it only cost $10.75 to see Iron Man 2! For me that's a GREAT price, cause in LA the lowest you'll find a prime time ticket would be $14 and that's at universal studios where you have to pay $5 to park OR park at the bottom of a hill and hope to get there on time... While here... they kinda need a front door on the strip.... I strike 2 stars for the reason that if you're walking here and have never been then you are for a wild goose chase, cause unless you knew the way to get there is down an alley, you'd go into the wrong building. If you're like me then you'd skip the alley with the police lights and caution tape and opt to go where the kiosk was.... that was dumb, cause I should have stepped over the chalk markings and went in because like a Casino it is a labyrinth to get to the theater, I'd explain it but it's excessive. So in lieu of the the theater was clean enough and their staff was really helpful (we bought tickets online and they didn't work so they comp'd us an extra ticket for our group of 10.So if you're on the strip and don't want to gamble or drink or smoke, and just want to be a normal person in the city of sin....then get a ticket and a #3 and enjoy the movie.
4	First off, this is an older theater that hasn't been updated since it opened, so if you're looking for a stadium-seating, IMAX 3D type experience, this ain't it. But this theater has one HUGE advantage: late showings of movies. Most of their films have showings between 12 and 1am, which is great for night owls like me.
1	I don't like this theater. Maybe the crowd was ghetto, I guess. I had a bad time here (screaming, laughing, noisy, rowdy crowd, throwing popcorn at the screen) the last time and never wanted to come back (bad memories). It's old, small, dirty, and too crowded. I didn't like the seats either.
5	This place is open later than a lot of the other theatres, came here after a night of clubs once.  Convenient location on the south strip. Walking distance from Tropicana, MGM, NYNY, Gamework, Monte Carlo, etc.  Always have the newest movies and some of the new but older movies. Nice displays that show offs their movies. Amazing view of the strip from the parking garage. I read a review about lack of seats, so far all the movies I've watched here are were it large rooms with a lot of seats, you might have been watching an older movie so got the smaller rooms.  Prices for snacks are reasonable for being a theatre on the strip. Good place to wait out the Vegas sun without gambling. I've seen celebrities here twice.  I like there's usually multiple showing of movies and don't have to wait long for the next one if I miss it. There's a game that is addicting that you can win tickets in the lobby area.  Lobby area is pleasant. One of the largest snack areas I've seen.
2	Kinda ghetto
2	The showcase parking garage (about five or so levels?) is $3.00 for every vehicle entering, even if you're watching a movie here. Be careful when you exit, because it is very narrow on the single lane down, and watch for traffic; there is a stop sign for people exiting. Also, there are two ways to go- left to Koval (i'm guessing) and right- to Las Vegas Blvd/ the Strip (it's a light, so you don't have to worry so much about pedestrian traffic). I do agree with LJR on the beautiful views from the parking garage. The elevator has a bridge option. Go to the 1st floor for the movie theater. Other notable attractions/restaurants nearby: M & M's World, Coca Cola, Tix Tonight (discount tickets to shows), Hard Rock Cafe, Showcase Food Court.This is an older movie theater by Las Vegas standards. This was built right before the in-casino boom. The ticket counter is outside. When you walk in, there is a small concession stand, to your left. To the right are the bathrooms (side by side, for men and women, but not single) and coin-operated candy machines (mini ducks, monkey hangers, stickers, etc.). The women's bathroom was pretty clean. We went here last night. This particular one had three areas to sit. We sat in the middle towards the front. The first four rows were left empty. The seats were just as I remembered- uncomfortable and stationary (not staggered, and for me (I'm short), when it's like this, I'm just hoping someone really tall doesn't sit right in front of me). The seat next to our friend, had gum on it (yeah, gross), so it was empty. My husband said the screen to the right of it had a line of green light. I agree with Connie R. and Matthew C. that this is an older theater and it's seen better days. It would be nice if there were a renovation project (better seats and a better system) but not likely as the economy is not so great right now. It's basic, and it's on the Strip, and it's alright. I'll close with that.
3	There were no Vegas shows that we had a desire to see, and we needed a break from the dueling pianos. So off to the movies we went. It would not be easy. The UA turned Regal Showcase Theaters has an opposite mindset than the casinos. The hotels lay out their casinos so it is a challenge to find the exit. Showcase Theaters lays out their multiplex so that you cannot find the entrance. Walking along the Strip we stopped at the ticket venue location at Game Works. There was no person, and what seemed to be only a marque. We asked the person at the Half Off Tickets how to get to the movies. He directed us to a parking garage by Ross. Knowing that this would be as smart as walking in the Queens Midtown Tunnel, we asked for additional directions. Finally, short of getting a map, we were directed to walk east on the road that carries traffic on the north border of the MGM Grand. Kind of similar to walking in a dim alley.  Finally, at the admission booth, we paid fair prices. If I had my Regal card, they would accept it.  Believe it or not, we did not miss the coming attractions. I headed right to the snack bar. Going to the movies gives me an excuse to indulge in junk food. $12 poorer, I had two additional movie companions: a large coke and nachos and cheese. Drink refills are free on large beverages. However, finishing a large Coke is similar to finishing a Heart Attack Grill Quadriple Bypass Burger. I could only finish half. I did not like that the nachos came in a bag. When I pay $6 for nachos and cheese, I want it fresh and out of the oven.  Now for the movie theater. In my opinion, if it was off the Strip (actually it is off the MGM service road connected to the strip), it would no longer be here for me to review. Stadium seating is nonexistent. I was not impressed with the surround sound, if they even have it. The seating could of been a slight bit more comfortable.   We sat through far too many coming attractions. This is a slight bit complaint that I have of the movie theater industry.  I give Regal Showcase Theaters three stars. The theaters  are outdated yet does the job of entertaining movie goers on the Las Vegas Strip. As far as finding the place, I found it to be more of an adventure than aggravation.
2	I've been here a few times, but I came a couple days ago to watch the new Underworld 3D movie. It was Friday at 5:30pm (matinee) and for two people it was about $30 because it was a 3D movie, but I still found that to be pretty damn expensive considering a 3D matinee ticket at Cinemark is only $11.25. The place is also very outdated. I'm sure if they had better lighting inside, the place would look horrible.  I'm surprised it still exists, but it IS the only theater on the strip. As Matthew C. stated, the theater rooms don't have stadium seating, so it looks very strange when you walk in, but I actually kind of like it because it make the room look huge. This is never my go-to place for watching movies since we have so many better theaters in town, but sometimes I come because the showtimes really fit into my schedule.
2	Evidently no one sees movies [in Vegas] anymore.  Granted, not a bad place for AC and see a solo showing a movie -- literally no one was in the theatre
1	thats it, I am fed up with this fucked up theatre not having any air conditioning when it is 104 degress outside. ...I go to a movie for the cool air conditioning . What gives with the mgmt? ????
3	Love this theater. No one is every here. It's like having my own home theater. Snow white & the huntsmen is the last movie I saw here. I am in vegas 5 times a year and it's a must for me to stop here to watch a movie. Like I said its like having your own home theater.
3	i went to watch Madagascar 3D, the place is nice but the employees looked like they were tired, the prices are higher than other movie theaters.The place was clean but had a weird smell.
3	It's expensive. And not super air-conditioned. And half of the (very tiny) audience seemed drunk, at 1:00pm, on a Saturday. But it's right on the Strip. And that's about all I can say.
1	Small, empty, a little sketchy getting to, and no stadium seating.  I stopped by here to check out The Man With the Iron Fists while out here for a tradeshow for work.  The theater is buried on a tiny side street with no lights and very hard to follow signs.  Once you get in they have limited selection of food for the movie.  The transient that followed me all the way in and sat behind me didn't help the ambience either. I am used to stadium seating with digital surround sound and this place had neither.  The movie was good but for $11 I would travel to a nicer theater next time.
2	Meh.. in this day and age going to a theater with out stadium seating is a waste of time and money. The only reason this place even gets 2 stars is because its on the strip and plays moves late into the night.The place is small, empty, smells funny sometimes, and is a pain to get to. On top of that, the adjacent parking garage charges you money to park in. You take an elevator down and walk down this alley until you see movie posters and stumble upon the box office. But the thing that really kills the whole movie experience is the fact that they do not have stadium seating. Instead, they have flat old-school seating which makes it a pain if anyone sits in front of you. There is also a high chance that you are going to be harassed by some homeless people on your way in. Its a real disappointing experience. Unless you absolutely have to watch a movie and cannot get off the strip, stay farrrrr away, check out Rave or the Palms for a movie theater...
3	This place has a marquee sign on The Strip near the MGM Grand; next to the M&M Candy store. The actual theater is behind the Hard Rock Cafe`.It's an old theater with a slanted floor and very wide screen. The projection and sound systems are very modern. Ticket and consession prices are about what you would expect at a movie theater in a large, busy tourist town. It's a great alternative to gambling, drinking, and dancing.I'd come here again.
3	...sketchy and overpriced, odd smelling and poorly managed - but walkable from the strip and a decent sound system plus large screens and a good matinee price for Django Unchained on Christmas Day 2012 while waiting for my family to arrive.  Can't say I'd frequent the place, but it sufficed in a pinch.
3	This theater is ridiculously hard to find, given that it's address is on the strip. I'm going to save you some headache and tell you now: walk along the street that's to the right of Denny's and about a block in you'll see the ticket booth on the right-hand side.  The upside of it being hard to find is that it's never that busy. I've not encountered any sold out shows, crowded theaters, or long concession lines. They have a decent selection of movies too, including some in "Real 3d". The ushers can sometimes be a little distracting in their patrolling, which I found particularly irritating given they didn't ask the woman singing along to "Les Miserables" to be quiet. I dreamed a dream of watching that movie in piece and quiet, a dream so different from that hell I was living..... This theater is best for action movies or comedies; movies that don't require that you forget you are in the theater in order to really appreciate them. You'll be perfectly contented to see "The Hobbit" or "This is 40"; movies where the theater isn't so quiet all the time that you notice all the flat notes behind you.
2	I know what you're thinking. What tourist comes to Sin City and goes to a freaking movie on a Saturday night?! Though in my defense, I'd been fighting a cold all week, and when I landed into Vegas that Saturday afternoon for a work conference, the last thing I wanted to do is spend time in a noisy casino. So my partner and I decided to hightail it to the nearest theater, where we could digest our ridiculously giant dinners (thanks, Wicked Spoon) in relative quiet. First, this theater is super hard to find. If it weren't for the little sign in the alleyway, I never would have noticed it was there. The practically hidden location could partially be to blame for how abandoned-looking this theater is. (Well, that, and that there are a metric bajillion other things more interesting to do within a 1 mile radius). For our 10pm showing of an opening-weekend horror movie (Mama), there were *maybe* 15 people in the theater. Practically empty. Floors were sticky, seats were small, popcorn was stale, and employees were bored-looking and pretty lethargic. This theater is in dire need of an update. If I were a local, I definitely would not come back to this theater. If you're not too picky and need a respite from the more "traditional" activities Vegas has to offer, then it's definitely fine in a pinch.
2	We were looking for something to break up the day and escape for a while. Well the movie was great but unbelievable how poor of a theater going experience. The seating is way old school, you better hope no one tall sits in front of you. Also the leg room is about as spacious as An airline's coach seating, so prepare yourself for that....also be sore to bring a friend as you are walking down a dark alley to get to the entrance. I am baffled that there is not a high end movie going experience available on the strip but yet there is an m&m store and coke store....oh well, best advice is to just skip this theater....
3	I know, seeing a movie while you're IN Vegas?! What can I say, I just can't get away from it! :)I agree with other reviewers, this place isn't the easiest to spot. The cab driver didn't even know where it was off hand, so we had to use the GPS for it. You definitely won't see it directly off the strip itself, but once you've been there and found it, I doubt you'll miss it next time. The theather itself is alright. Prices are what I've seen back home, so nothing surprising there. Personally, I like stadium seating and they didn't seem to have it here, which is ok but not my preference. It works if you want to get away from the "typical" activities you do on the strip.
5	Wow, this is a clean and neat establishment! We came in for a 3:30 show on Friday and shared the ~600-person theater with 20-something people. The lobby and hall were pretty dark, and the entrance itself was sketchily situated on a backlot-like side road/street/alley, but the bathroom, theater and seating looked and smelled very clean and sterile, and the staff was very courteous. The sound might've been a bit low, but otherwise it was a clean, straightforward and intimate experience, and if you find yourself on the Vegas Strip and looking for a mainstream/Hollywood/blockbuster movie, this is a great find.
2	This theater is just frustrating to me which is why I rarely come here and would rather go to other theaters that are off the strip. First of all, this place is not easy to find and I probably would not have found it the first time I came here if it wasn't for the sign pointing me to the alley way. Then, when I did find it and went inside after purchasing my ticket, I was confused at the concession stand. Why is the popcorn in the display counter and the popper and it's not warm like other places. Don't get me wrong, the popcorn is okay, but I've had better, so it was just a disappointment. I didn't notice the place being overtly dirty, but it just didn't feel clean. The seats in the actual theater room were old, small, and uncomfortable! The place definitely needs an update. I was the only person seeing the movie I went to, and I felt kind of weird being alone in there which is not something I've ever felt at other theaters. I'd definitely rather go to a different movie theater than this one which is why I haven't been here in a while.
5	In Vegas for a conference and not into the gambling scene so decided to catch up on Enders Game. The place is off in an alley but there are small purple markers by the alley entrance on the denny's side.Staff were friendly and the popcorn and food looked fresh (though I did not buy some myself). Seats were comfy and no odd smells to distract from the moviegoing experience. Definitely a good theatre and it's owned by regal so you can get regal points if you are a member. Not sure why so many negative reviews by as of Nov 2013 when I am writing this review, i don't see those issues..
3	Yep, read the other reviews and decided to try this place out.  I was here on business and had time to kill so I went and saw a movie.   The ticket prices are OK, the concession prices are a joke but overall it's a good place to see a movie.    I was thinking it was going to be a really run down place but I was surprised that they had kept it up pretty good.  No stadium seating and the seats are a bit dodgy but overall it's an OK place.
3	Not the best theater I have been to and certainly not the worst. LOTS of people taking their kids to see Frozen. Mom and I went to see Catching Fire. Once the lights go down if the crowd is chill I suppose it doesn't really matter where you go.
3	Watched Secret Life of Walter Mitty, the theater was ok. It reminded me of home in Stockton. It's quite small, but does the trick I suppose. The seats were not comfy and you have to 'look' up at the screen. It's really old fashion including the restroom. I guess if you have NOTHING else to do and want to see a movie, this is the place.
2	I used to like this place as a tourist and probably still would if I wasn't local, but the traffic causes it to be out of my driving range at the moment, and it seems to just not be that clean. I don't even think I would knowit was there based on its placement. I would kind of expect that the Movie theater on the Vegas strip would somehow out do regular movie theaters since there are more expensive movie screens riddled up and down the strip on pretty much every major building.
4	I like this theater. Why? Because no one is ever here. It is not too far from my home and sometimes when I have nothing to do and no one to go out with, I will come here because I don't have to feel self-conscious about seeing a movie by myself. The last time I was here a few people actually found the place and trickled in to join me so I didn't have my own personal theater.I have no idea how this theater is able to stay open with hardly any clientele but I get the impression that they don't want much business. I am sure that some people probably just walk in without paying because there never seems to be anyone there to tear your ticket. If the kid behind the counter does not see you walk through the door you are probably home free.
3	The pros:Convenient location on the strip to most of the hotels;Clean;Big ScreenThe cons:Slightly too loud;Entrance is tucked away in an alley;I showed up half an hour early to buy a ticket and then get some fast food before the show, and the theater was still locked up at 12:30 pm with a bunch of people waiting outside for it to open.
4	We didn't have a hotel for Sunday as we waited for our flight. This place was a lifesaver and provided a safe haven from the 110 degree weather. Clean, empty and a convenient location on the strip. Winner!
1	Old and antiquated!   Needs major renovation inside and out.  Very unattractive, boring and stall presence and the main entrance is in like an alley.  The worst of all was that while we waited for showtime there was no previews showing, it was dead silence. Never experienced such awkwardness in a movie.  My advice try the AMC movie theater on the strip.  May be much better.
1	Horrible management. Doors were supposed to open at 12:30 - didn't open until 12:50. Snack bar not ready. Manager wasn't smart enough to apologize. Only open seating - seats very uncomfortable.
