5	I love Babbo. There are two locations, one at 67the and the 101 and the one out here in Surprise.Upon sitting down you are greeted with warm bread that has a few onions and a hit of salt on top. It is good alone or dipped in oil and vinegar. They have a few really good appetizers. The bruchetta romana is amazing! Do yourself a favor and try it. The firecracker rolls are tasty but beware when they say spicy marinara they mean it! The toasted ravioli come in a sausage ragu which is beyond packed with sausage. All of the pasta I have tried has been good. The bowl o' bolognese is great and one of the best bowls of spaghetti I have had. The sauce is full of meat and is just yummy. Their fresh tomato mozzarella is nice and light with tons of fresh tomatoes and chunks of mozzarella. Their calzones and pizza is also very good.They have a big menu and everything we have tried we really liked which makes it harder to chose the next time we come. Another great thing is their prices. Expect to pay $5-7 for appetizers, $5-$9 for dinner salads (half or full),  sandwiches, calzones, and pizzas will run you $8-$10, and I think the most pastas are in the $9-$11 range. The portions are a good size and the service is quick.If you haven't tried this place yet and you are in Surprise, defiantly give it a try!
4	I've been to Babbo's several times.  I like the bread they bring out with olive oil and vinegar.  The red onions on it are good.I usually get the Pasta Martini.  It has creamy marinara, chicken, artichokes, garlic, kalamata olives on penne.  The Steak Panino is also good, but I've stopped eating red meat.My friend had the toasted ravioli, and the sausage was too spicy for her, but she's not into spicy foods.We tried their Apple Calzone dessert.  It was fair to good.  Portion was huge, and I liked the whipped cream and vanilla ice cream, but I thought the apples tasted canned/blah and the fried calzone dough didn't do it for me.
4	I've been to Babbo's several times since it is so close to my house. My two favorites are the Pasta Martini and the Gorgonzola Salad. The bread is excellent, and I've had no issues with the wine, so maybe I've been lucky? I've also had their pizza, I can't recall which one, but it was excellent with peppers and goat cheese. The ambiance is great as well, and prices are very reasonable. The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the service has been sketchy at times. But, it isn't so bad that we won't return. Overall, a good place.
4	This little place is great for a quick work lunch.  You get in, you get great food, you go back to work full but ready to finish the 2nd half of your day.  The salads are HUGE and last time I went, I split the regular sized salad with my friend & we shared the tiramisu for dessert.My faves:Mandarin spinach salad--tons of spinach, mandarin oranges, tossed with a light dressingSteak and blue salad--loaded with thinly cut steak, walnuts & blue cheeseQuattro formaggi pizza--4 diff cheeses, thin crust, & excellent re-heatedSteak panino sandwich--tons of thinly sliced steak, bell peppers, onion, on their signature focaccia, served as an open faced sandwich.  Tiny but decent bar, good wait staff, quick service (even for groups), and reasonably priced food!
4	I enjoy their Pasta Valducci dish with sundried tomatoes, artichokes, and olives in a vodka sauce.  The focaccia bread with olive oil & vinegar is delicious.  The Babbo's Bowl O'' Bolognese is delicious (I'm vegetarian, but tried a bit of it from my significant other's dish & took the meat off).  Pasta Rustico & Drunken Shrimp was decent, although I love Pasta Valducci too much to order the Pasta Rustico again.  Wasn't a fan of the Gorgonzola Pear pizza--it was heavily flavored with the fontina cheese.  Shrimp & crab dip was not health conscious--I would say that it was ok.  Love their tiramisu.  Served in a large mug, this is a yummy dessert there.Staff has always been friendly.  If you live in Marley Park, you can show your Marley Park card for a 10% discount.
4	A nice change in pace when you get tired of the OG and Carraba's, the appetizers are tasty recommend the pesto bruchetta or the baked ravioli, the sauce is loaded with italian sausage and at times I find myself just eating the sauce with a fork, I'm a big fan of their calzone's lots of cheese, ample toppings puff's up like a good calzone should, the wait staff has been agreeable the times we've been there though we more often than not take out. I've also had the pizza and some pasta dishes and have been pleased with most, as I recall the sauces for one of the sausage and vodka sauce pasta's is "very spicy" and i'm not one to shy away from spicy food, so just a warning.a good choice for italian in surprise
4	I love this place and every time we go home to AZ to visit family we make it a point to go to dinner here.  The bread they bring out is so yummy we always get a few plates of it.  I (being a creature of habit) always order the Chicken Lemone.  It is pasta, chicken, artichokes, capers and lemon with a lemon butter sauce.  It's soooooo yummy.  My mom always gets the drunken shrimp which she loves.  The only thing I wasn't really impressed with was the Mista Salad.  It was made with iceberg lettuce which I thought was odd and had mushrooms in it (which I love) just not your traditional Mista salad and the dressing could use a bit more flavor.  The staff is very friendly and we have always received great service.  Would definitely recommend to friends and family and anyone visiting AZ.
4	I like most of what I've tried at Babbo's. I love the pasta primavera (my fav) and completely love the bread they bring out while waiting for the food. For their menu, I like the items I've tried, but my wife has never cared for any of it (she usually tries something different every time - I usually just stick to something I like). It is a worthwhile place to try, but it can be hit or miss at times. People I know either love it or don't care at all for it, don't really know anyone in the middle.
1	I've been to this Babbo on several occasions and the service has stunk each time. The food is decent enough but not so much that I'm willing to deal with the indifferent service. I've been here 4 times with various friends and family members and each time we've suffered through indifferent, half-assed service. I'm just not willing to put up with it. I'll wait the hour it takes for me to be seated at Olive Garden at least I'm treated like I matter there. (Dare I say...like family? haha)The final straw for me with this restaurant was that they were going to donate lunch to a class at my son's school and nearly welched on the promise. Apparently the school had to get real pissy with them to get them to fulfill their promise and it was only then that they came through. Sorry, but you don't welch on promises, especially when there are kids involved. A donation of spaghetti, sauce, and salad isn't going to kill a restaurant.
4	I have yet to actually dine in but I can say the take out is amazing!  The manager is always friendly.  I love the Pasta Martini with the bread and dipping oil...simply yummy.  The interior is quaint and there seems to be great business each time I stop by.  I like that they have a small bar area if you just want to have a glass of wine and nibble on appetizers or wait for your food to go.
4	Pretty good!  We've had take-out (their online ordering is super and pickup was really fast!) and I've eaten there for lunch.  Lunch was a tad slow, but the food was yummy.  The asparagus-mushroom penne is one of my favorites and we all love the bread and oil/balsamic vinegar to dip it in.  While I give points for being able to customize my meals (I skipped the sun dried tomatoes in my penne, for example, or you can add shrimp, chicken, or a meatball.), I got carried away the second time and ordered the pasta rustica (Boring! Not recommended!) with whole wheat pasta and that really ruined the dish.  By the time I got it home, the pasta had absorbed most of the sauce and turned it into a gluey mess.  Not so tasty.We're anxious to try the pizza, but will probably do take-out for that, too.
4	We stop in every now and then. The food is consistently good with a variety of tasty dishes. With Carrabas and Olive garden as the only other Italian eateries in Surprise, this is the go to place, when my inner Guido calls out for Chicken Fettuccine or a calzone. My son loves the kids size pizza pocket (Its ten times the size of a normal one he points out).
4	Best Italian Food in Surprise.
2	So, most of my reviews are going to be based on the quality and taste of the food.  I don't find that I experience really bad service or great service that often, most is satisfactory.  On with the review.  The bread that they bring at the begining was pretty delicious, but sad when that was the best part of the meal.  Most of us had pasta, mine was extremely bland (I had the creamy garlic chicken)  I had to add a lot of salt and I never salt anything.  My fiance had the fresh tomato mozzarella pasta and it was terribly bland also, the tomatoes hardly even had taste.  The only thing in our group of six that seemed to be good was the chopped gorganzola salad. I would much rather support a local restaurant than a chain, but I would have to say that I would rather eat at Olive Garden than here.
4	I am surprised to see all of the negative reviews for Babbo.I have not had a bad experience with the service. I've been to Babbo at least 20 times and have never had to wait long. The bread and olive oil is delicious and the servers are usually pretty good about keeping it coming.The food is good, but I have only had the pastas, calzones and salads. I have not had the pizza. Most of the sauces aren't particularly overwhelming as far as the use of spices go. Even the "spicy" dishes aren't going to knock your socks off. However, everything has been well cooked and conistent each time I have visited (no over/unde-cooked pasta, nothing to bland, etc). They'd benefit from adding some variety to their menu and having some lighter options. Prices are reasonable and it is a nice change of pace from the other Italian joints.
2	In the words of Randy Jackson, "it was just ai'ight for me, dawg." I placed an order which I had placed online for pickup. The website said that it would be 20 minutes. I got there 23 minutes later and the food was ready for me, awesome, no waiting. I opened the bag and there were no napkins or utensils, which is fine because i just took it home to eat. Had I taken to work or somewhere else, I would have been pretty much SOL. The bread was piping hot and fresh. They included olive oil and balsamic vinegar, but the vinegar to oil ratio was poor. The amount of vinegar was probably 1/20th the amount of oil. So basically i was left dipping already oiled focaccia into more oil. Not cool. I had to pour out most of the oil and add my own balsamic to get the proportion correct. The bread itself was good though. I ordered the Jambalaya pasta which came with chicken and spicy sausage on fettucine. The pasta had a lot of flavor, but was really really greasy. By the end of the meal I had an entire layer of orange oil at the bottom of the plate. There wasn't that much sausage in the meal so it couldn't have all come from the sausage. My guess was that they went a little overboard on the oil when they made the sauce. I think that I will definitely give this place another chance and dine-in. I want to try the pizza.
4	Good Italian food at reasonable prices. I've been here a few times for take out now...you can't go wrong with the three cheese mac and cheese. I'm a big fan! Also, give the steak firecracker rolls a try...something different and spicy (if you use the dipping sauce). Usually, we'll sit at the bar and have a few beers while waiting for the food and the bartender/waitresses are very friendly and the food doesn't take long. I'm sure I'll be back for take out again, soon!
3	It was ok... that's about it. Nice looking restaurant, decent pricing, our server was good but nothing memorable. I had the mac & cheese- spicier than I would have imagined, but I had been warned. It did not reheat well the next day, and I tried both the oven and microwave seperately. The bread at the beginning truly is fantastic, but I won't run back to a restaurant for bread (usually lol). HH looks intriguing, so I may be back to try other dishes, won't be upset if I never make it though
5	Babbo is one of our favorite restaurants in the Valley. We have always had attentive servers and an enjoyable experience and we have frequented the Surprise location about once a week for 2 years now. They have an extensive, creative and delicious menu. I have tried 2/3 of the menu because every item can be made vegetarian. You can also substitute whole grain pasta, which is just as fabulous. My favorite meals are the Pear Gorgonzola Pizza, Sun Dried Tomato, Mushroom and Asparagus Pasta, and the new Brussels Sprouts Pasta, which is amazing even without the meat item that usually comes in it. My family loves the Curry Chicken Pear Pasta and Alfredo and of course the seasoned bread that accompanies the meal.
4	Been dining here for 3-4 years and we continue to enjoy the food.  Bread is hot and fresh, servers are friendly, portions are good size and all at a decent price.Menu was recently revised which was great to see, but still no lasagna?  Regardless, we will be back!
4	We ate there last night for the first time I had the pasta martini it was hot with plenty of chicken and artichokes of course I think the klamata olives made the dish. The bread was hot and tasty my hubby had the pepperoni and bacon personal pizza he really liked it even the crust but it was to salty for me since I don't eat a lot of salt. Our service was a bit slow but the waitress was busy as new patrons were steadily arriving! I will go back again and try other things. Never had a mista salad before and it was different, the plate was a little small so couldn't mix it at all! I recommend you try it and decide for yourself at least I did not think it was a waste of money which I have experienced elsewhere!
2	Stopped in for a takeout of Spaghetti & Meatballs.  I told the lady taking my order that I like meat sauce for my pasta.  They charged me an extra few bucks for "extra sauce" and what I got was another pan of bolognese sauce in my takeout.  It was weird.  Just really wanted one meal...instead payed for two and still could only eat one.  As far as the food went, it was ok, but not great enough that I will be back.  Think that the next time I want pasta I will get it at Macaroni Grill and make the extra drive.
4	If I could give 4 1/2 stars I would.  This place is truly great! The food is affordable... and very tasty.... The menu has a lot to offer.  The staff has always been friendly.  We have eaten here at least a dozen times in the past 2 years. The places is busy... so... I would suggest ordering online and picking it up to go.  We will be back... great place !
3	This Babbo location has significantly improved from my previous experiences. I've been here twice now with the inlaws, hubby, son and guests. Both times, our servers were pleasant, not intrusive, professional, polite, and very accurate with keeping our orders straight. Our food was very good, also improved from our past experiences as well. I'm glad I've given them another try, but I'll be truthful, I'm still not completely sold so we'll stick with a 3 star rating for now. I'm hopeful these 2 recent visits aren't flukes and there is a new standard at Babbo. I'll keep ya posted!
5	I have NEVER had a bad meal here at Babbos. I enjoy their pizza with goat cheese and mushrooms (minus the peppers-they don't like me),  the pasta, and especially the crab dip appetizer. My husband has an almost unhealthy addiction to the  bread and herb/olive oil mixture but I can live with that. Service is good. Prices are reasonable, portions are large.
4	Awesome lunch deals! Waiters are SUPERB!!!!!food fast, fresh and fantastic!its a hidden gem!!!
3	I often tend to agree with Melissa H's reviews, some of which have led me to try some good places. But I gotta go the other way on this one. Babbo is one of those franchise places that I like to describe as eyetalian. Its way too safe and unauthentic to satisfy the urge for Italian food. Uninspired, to put it another way. The Creamy Garlic Chicken is a messy, drab confabulation. The Stuffed Manicotti is generic Costco stuff, the sausage Putanesca and Drunken Shrimp only slightly more exciting. Don't get me started on the awful pizza. Yechhhh.The spaghetti specials are a good value, i guess, and the service has been good the three times I ate here.  To be honest, many of our friends really like Babbo, so I tag along.  But when its my choice, we go elsewhere.
5	The meatball sandwich thingy, in a pizza dough bun is freakin AMAZING, the onion bread with olive oil and balsamic is freaking AMAZING! The pastas are not amazing :(.  The service is always so warm and friendly!
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!Being half Italian - let me say this.... BEST MEATBALLS I HAVE EVER EATEN....Don't order a meatball sandwich because it comes on flat bread (disappointing). However this is the only thing disappointing about this place. Babbo's $5.99 spaghetti & meatball dinner on MON & TUES. You cannot go wrong....I will be back as usual. I will most likely be there either on a Monday or Tuesday.    :-)
4	Finally was able to eat here. After a year of putting it off or just plane out forgetting about this restaurant. We finally decided to try it out!! One thing I noticed about the Phoenix area is there are a lot of great food out here. Living is SoCal most of my life, it seemed we just ate at the same place all the time. But here we try a new place almost once or twice a month. No Babbo is a restaurant located at Reems and Bell plaza. You have to look for it, kind of tuck away in the back. It's not that big, but there are plenty of tables. Now I had their Chicken Chipotle Pasta it has Roasted Chicken, Corn, Scallions, Mixed Peppers, Chipotle Cream, Lime Juice, and Cilantro. Served on Penne. I thought it was something different and I am glad i ordered it. Very good, especially I enjoyed the extra kick in it. Wife had their pepperoni pizza, it had good taste, but we should have had them cook it a little longer. We like that crispy crust! Daughter had there spaghetti and meatball. She actually loved it, I had a taste of their meatball and it was very good. Overall we had a great time, and yes if we had company from Cali over. We wouldn't have a problem taking them here.
5	Freaking loved the entire meal.. spaghetti and meatballs ...simple and perfect. The meatball was not a pile of mush like so many other places. The pasta was cooked correctly and there was flavor to the sauce. Weird right?The free bread and attentive service made this a great lunch. PS I think the pasta was like 6 bucks.
4	Babbo was one of my favorite Italian restaurants when I lived in Surprise. I miss it since Las Vegas has a terrible selection of Italian restaurants. The Italian sodas, appetizer bread, and the Sicilian Ragu pasta were all favorites of mine.
4	Tasty puttanesca with sausage and chicken.  Waitress mentioned that it was very spicy, was I certain I wanted it?  I said yes, and it turned out to be maybe a 4 out of 10 on the spice scale.  They did forget the side salad I ordered.  Waitress used excuse it was busy, but place was only 75% full.  She was very nice and apologetic, and service was otherwise good.  Bread was tasty and soft.
4	I've been to both the Arrowhead and Surprise locations of Babbos, and the Surprise location ALWAYS takes care of us when my coworkers and I come here for lunch. We at least come here almost once-twice a week. They have great lunch specials - personal pizza with salad or pasta with salad. The servers know we are on a time crunch the minute we walk in and they work hard to get us our food and get us out on time. My go to lunch special is the margherita pizza with the spring mix salad. If I'm craving pasta instead for lunch, then I go with the Rustico pasta. The Rustico reminds me of a baked ziti. It has a thick red tomato based sauce with basil (I think) and it's covered with a thick mixture of rich cheeses. They always serve bread with olive oil and vinegar while you wait for your salads and food in general. The garlic paste, which is basically a garlic hummus, is only $2 and it's great for dipping the freshly baked bread sticks in. When I pick up dinner on the way home, my favorite is the drunken shrimp pasta. The shrimp is marinated in lime juice and tequila and you can taste the buttery richness of the pasta when it's all mixed together! I have a friend who always orders the mac and cheese because it's not your average mac and cheese. It has three types of cheese and bacon and sausage mixed in. My husband always orders the italian sausage pasta, which you can guess it also delicious. There's such a variety of pasta. You just can't go wrong with coming here. If you want to feel like a warrior, eat one of the calzones by yourself without taking it home.
4	I stopped by there yesterday to pick up a couple of meals to go...Chipotle Chicken Pasta, Manicotti and their Brussels Sprout Beet Salad and when I got home I couldn't have been happier with the food. It was very tasty, fresh and hot. I know where I'll go the next time I want Italian!
2	Wish I could like this place?  Being close to where I live, but what do you expect?1. Inexpensive Italian food=inexpensive flavor.2. Crowd=snowbirds3. Basic ingredients=basic italian food.I will try my hand at spagehetti and meatballs, I think I have a 50/50 chance of doing it better?  DIne here on the cheap...if thats what you are looking for?
4	Once was not enough! So much food for the price... I love this place, and I can't wait to go back. For what it is, it is really the best.
3	We've been here twice now and basically the back of the house gets a 5 both times while the front gets a 1 both times.  The food is excellent.  The servers on the other hand are comical.  We had a great laugh watching our server bounce all around the dining room while we waited for water and wine.  Who knows what she was doing because she had nothing in her hands and wasn't speaking to customers.  We saw another server soak a customer with a glass of water and watched the manager take a mistakenly delivered glass of wine off one table and bring it directly to the correct table.  How did she know the person didn't touch the wine?  For all she knows, she could have stuck her thumb in it.The first time we went, our server brought dinners and salads to the table all at once, and because it was one of their tables for two, it didn't fit.  Having worked for years in restaurants, banquets and bars, I never get mad, I just laugh.If the front catches up to the back, this will easily be a 5 star place.
5	We think that there food is some of the best Italian we have ever had there spaghetti and meatball (special on Mon. and Tue.) is to die for. Look folks this is a retirement area and there are also a lot of snowbirds in the winter and they are what keeps Surprise area going ,so enjoy there company. Go to McDonald's for dinner if you do not want the company of civilized well behaved adults.
3	This place is really hit or miss.  Which is too bad, it is right around the corner from the house.  Let me address a few main things:Service - pretty good, they always have an unusually high number of servers for a place this size...so at least they are attentive, although there are some interesting characters among the wait staff.Price - very much affordableCrowd - yep, pretty much retirement age.  Although my kids school did a fundraiser night there which changed it up a lot on that trip.  Went today, in 112 degrees so obviously not snowbird season, but still mostly the older crowd was there.Food - I want to love it, but i just don't.  One trip had the Sicilian ragu and it was great.   Once had the cheap special spaghetti/meatballs and the sauce was horrible, yet the meatballs were excellent.  I've had that special several times and it tastes different most of the time.  One trip had a pizza and it was middle of the road.  Highly inconsistent.Overall, we go back because the kids like it, it is relatively inexpensive, and it is close to home.  There are certainly better options out there for Italian, but this fits the need in certain circumstances.
4	Hidden gem in surprise! Nice atmosphere, its a Italian eatery. I ordered the chicken limone and it was excellent! The menu gives you a great selection of sandwiches, pizzas and pasta dishes. Def recommend giving this place a visit. Wait staff was prompt and enthusiastic.
4	I'm so glad this place is in Surprise. The food has been great dining in or for take out. The staff is always friendly and fast even during busy nights. I love the pizzas and Alfredo Supremo. I recently tried the Italian sandwich and it was great! You have plently of leftovers and for a great price. I love this place. You can also keep asking for more bread and they won't judge :)
5	This place is great! I really liked the bread they give you here. Pasta here is fresh and not fake tasting like some other well known Italian places. Good run restaurant with an attentive staff. I rarely cheat on my strict diet but if I do I make sure to have some pasta from here.
5	I have loved Babbo for years! The Arrowhead location is just down the street from my parents house, and we go all the time, It's our go-to restaurant for both a casual meal out and when we have company in town and want to take them somewhere that is both close to home, but not a big national chain.All that being said, I have rarely had a wonderful experience as I did last Friday when I had dinner at the Surprise location with my boyfriend and our friends.Our server, Dylan I think was her name, was absolutely amazing and just made the meal spectacular. She had two plates of the delicious Babbo bread at our table almost as soon as we sat down, and was quick about getting me some of the garlic butter I always ask for. Seriously-- get the garlic butter with your bread next time you go! Yum!But other than that Dylan was super sweet, and seemed genuinely happy to help us. Her service rivaled service I've had at some of the Valley's nicest restaurants.The food was great too, but that's always true for me. Babbo is one of my restaurants at which I always order the same thing, since it's so darn good. My dish of choice is the Tomato-Mozzarella Pasta. You can't go wrong with creamy lumps of cheese and fresh tomato in a light olive oil sauce. My mouth is watering...My boyfriend got one of the pizzas, and our friends both ordered other pasta dishes, which they all enjoyed-- and were happy to share so we could all get a taste!I can't wait to go back again!
3	If this place was take out only I would give it five stars.  Every time I get takeout it's ready when I get there, food is hot, and tasty.  Eat in however is another story entirely.Last time I went I brought a coupon which stated martinis, 8" pizzas, and appetizers $5 all day.  Limit one appetizer and drink per table.  My boyfriend and I ordered an appetizer, a pizza each, and I ordered a martini.  When I gave my coupon to the waiter he said the pizzas were considered appetizers therefore the appetizer would be full price.  No where on the coupon did it say anything about pizza being an appetizer; it actually was listed seperate.Every other time we have gone my boyfriend has ordered a calzone.  When ordered takeout it is perfectly cooked inside and out.  When ordered to eat there though you cut in and the cheese hasn't even begun to melt in the center.  The few times he's sent it back to be heated more it comes back burnt.  He's had to learn to only eat the edges, which isn't very enjoyable.
2	I've been here 3 times now and have been more disappointed each time. All the pasta is pretty average and nothing stands out. The last time I went there I ordered chicken alfredo, and the alfredo sauce didn't taste right at all. The sauce was very runny and had more garlic flavor than alfredo.There's a place called Vogue nearby I would go to any day over Babbo.
4	Always come here for Spaghetti and Meatballs on Monday and Tuesday.  You can't mess up noodles, and the sauce is good and the meatballs are really good.  Great place to dine out if you are on a budget or need a break from over paying at other places.  Service is good if not a little slow, but that's because the place is usually packed to the ceilings on the days we go.
3	I had the pasta rustico which tasted like straight up tomato sauce out of a can, could have used any kind of seasoning, very bland. The fresh bread is excellent. My boyfriend had the mac n cheese which he loved but I was not very happy with my pasta.
4	Can't beat the spaghetti and meatballs on Mondays and Tuesdays for $5.99. But, there are also several pasta dishes that are worth it; the 3 cheese mac and cheese is a favorite of my family and my own personal favorite is the creamy garlic chicken pasta dish. A great thing with Babbo, also, is that they will let you change the type of pasta for your pasta entree. Don't like penne, fine. Change it to linguine. Their pizza is excellent, as well. You can not go wrong with any of their pizza.
4	I love this place being Italian. But in most Italian places I am use to the cooks are all 100% Italian. Here you may want to look into the kitchen and see who is making the food. They probably do have to follow the recipes but sometimes the recipes taste different with different cooks. I think this place would be a 10 star if they had true Italian cooks. But I do like the food, but it could be better.
4	Better than average Italian food, but the desserts... leave room!
5	I have been to this restaurant couple of times and I was really happy with their food. They have specialty pizzas and it reminds me of pizza in Italy.
5	Babbo Italian Eatery is a notch above casual dining.  Is that trendy on the rating scale?  At the beginning of the meal, we received some bread pieces with olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping.  If I recall, some shredded cheese was also involved.  We've always been pleased with what was ordered.  I usually have a pasta.  My daughter usually gets a pizza.  And my wife orders something vegetarian.  There is a location near my house, and we visited this location on the way back from Wickenburg.    The service is good and the prices are commensurate with a trendy restaurant.
5	I saw the billboards for the spaghetti and meatball dinner for $5.99, and being a frugal bastard (A frugal bastard uses a coupon. A cheap bastard stiffs the waitress.) I thought that I would give it a try. I stopped in for a take-out order, and the place was packed. I ordered at the bar, and decided to start a game of chess on my phone, since I was going to be waiting for awhile. On my third move, and less than five minutes later, my order was ready. Wow! That was fast, especially with how busy this place was. I forfeited my game, and headed home with the goods. At the house I opened the bag to find a nice size bowl of spaghetti with two big meatballs, a couple good size pieces of bread, dipping oil, and parmigiana cheese. Not the best pasta I have ever had, but far from the worst, and better than some swanky, expensive restaurants. For six bucko's and speedy service, it's a good deal. Real food for the price of Micky D's.Update: On a recent visit I noticed that the "Gun Free Zone" sign was gone. These signs are like magnets for wackadoodle's who know that the place is an easy target. OK, I'm changing from four stars to five!
5	Love this place!  Food comes to the table piping hot every time ! Staff is friendly & fun!
5	4.7/5 Best all around italian food in Phoenix, good prices, good happy hour, huge portions. Reccomend the Sicilian Ragu if you like meat!
5	We eat here at least once a week and order things for the entire office as well. Prices are very fair and the food is amazing. I've tried just about everything on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed. Defiantly our local favorite!
5	My husband and I had pastas and tiramisu. GREAT service and  food. Favorite restaurant. Manager was great at the Surprise location.
4	Great food! Service was not that good. Wished we had the server the people next to us had. Their server gave them suggestions, specials and answered all their questions. We barely got a drink refill.  Next time we will make sure we get a different server. Definitely recommend you try this place :-)
5	Do not miss this incredible Italian bistro! Monday and Tuesday for $5.99 you get a huge plate of spaghetti w two big met balls and fresh warm bread with olive oil and balsamic dipping sauce. We had an incredible time in this busy but very pleasant restaurant. Lots of locals order on line and pick up during the summer.The staff is well trained and focused...a pleasure to witness. If you go once I guarantee you will be a regular!Bon appetito!
3	I came here for my first visit out of curiosity since my boss frequents here and it sounded pretty good. I checked out the reviews, saw a brussel sprout and beet salad and immediately wanted it. We were greeted right away and were sat in a booth. It was semi busy, weird for a Saturday night I thought. Our waiter came to our table, and had to be 16 tops. Either he is VERY new, has issues dealing with people or is just plain weird. I explained it was out first visit there so we needed to look over the menu. Instead of offering suggestions, he said oh ok so then I don't have to explain the new menu to you. Um. What? Anyway, he didn't know if they had coke zero so he said he'd be back. When I inquired about the bruschetta he said they were pretty big. Those things came out as small as crackers. If that isn't the highest marked up item on the menu I would be shocked. He failed to tell us they take a long time to make (not sure what takes so long) so they would be coming out with our meal. Personally I think he forgot to place the order. He puts the plate on the table and said here is your bruschetta that is very pricey. What? And now that we got our food plus the appetizer and then him finally bringing our bread that he forgot 5 times, we now had a table full of food for 2 people and looked like pigs. I was so embarrassed. I had to ask him to remove things from the head of our table and trying to crack a joke he says there's a charge for that. That was awful. We order dessert to share and after 40 minutes he comes back to say they burned it and had to remake it. And that that's NEVER happened before. Sure it hasn't. I STILL think he forgot to order it, because he kept forgetting our bread. Because of the wait, they gave us 20% off our bill which turned out to cover the cost of our bruschetta. I gave the nimrod a $7 tip because I know the base pay is peanuts. I'll go back but I will be steering clear of our waiter. The salad was excellent by the way. I got it with the flank steak on top.
5	Wow! I am beyond stunned at the customer service I received. I want to say so much, but I am literally speechless. After I wrote my review, someone contacted me and apologized for my experience. I want to say that the food is great! I will get that beet and brussel salad 10 times over. It wasn't the food that was bad, it was the waiter who was a little strange. All in all, I will definitely return. Their customer service is really top notch!
5	I have eaten there many times.  I often get the pasta with the Martini Sauce but substitute spaghetti for the Penne.  It is delicious.  I have tried most everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.  The service has always been friendly, helpful and quick.  One of my favorite places.
4	Yummm..........You must try the chicken chipotle pasta. The service here is great. All the servers we have ever had have been beyond helpful. Stay away on Monday and Tuesday unless you dont mind a wait.
5	Excellent $5.99 spaghetti & meatball special!
4	Ate here the other night and had a wonderful time.  The wait staff was extremely helpful in explaining the menu items and made it easy to choose.  By far the favorite was the pick three trio bruschetta that we started with at the table.  Being able to choose different flavors was a wonderful way for our group to start.Everyone was pleased with their pasta choices.  Mine was the spicy sausage fettuccine.  It was very tasty and the fennel in the sausage was lovely.  I will totally be back to try some of their items.  The pizzas looked really good too!
2	Blah. Based on Yelp recommendations, stopped in here the other night for a quick dinner.  Not impressed...Service was okay, servers were friendly (perhaps overly so - we were asked maybe six or seven times if things were ok). But, the food was bland and overly cheesy (all three of us agreed), pedestrian at best.  Our server got one of our orders wrong, didn't bring silverware when we asked him to. Honestly, nothing special. Won't come back here again.
4	I love Babbos!!
4	Came to dinner for our anniversary and enjoyed a pizza and two pasta dishes. The pizza was crazy good but on the small side (wouldn't have been enough to fill either of us up as an entree on its own). The pasta was drowned in sauce, but at least the sauce was tasty. Served bread as a starter that was very good. Will definitely come back for another try soon. Service was just OK.
4	The food here is great! The wait staff has always been friendly and fast. Prices are good and I have never ordered something I didn't like. Great pastas and salads and excellent desserts. It has a good atmosphere and the wait has never been too long. I definitely recommend eating here!
4	Great meatballs!  We love the Monday and Tuesday spaghetti special.  Probably the best money you could spend on dinner out.  Great service and atmosphere.  Small family dining.Don't miss out.
5	I normally don't have a great experience here but tonight was excellent. The fools was delicious and the service exceeding my expectations. Pizza, salads or whatever you order is great!
3	I probably won't be back here. This was my second time here, the last time was about 7 years ago and I remember the food being really good. I tried this place again and didn't receive service for almost 10 mins. I then had to ask when someone was going to help us. It was a Sunday night so not so busy. We finally got our order in and the food was great just not the beginning.
4	execpt my dads food was spicy.
5	Came here to Babbo again and the second time here was better then the last. Our server was really nice and so happy. Our food was delicious, I had the Jambalaya Chicken and my mom had the spaghetti. Everything was great!!!!
3	This place is always busy. .  Some plates are great some so so ..  today our daughter had the mac n cheese. . None of us could stay out of her plate. I cant wait to go back to have my own... and as for our server Joe above the best...hope we see him again too. Please just get some calamari!
5	One of my favorite places to dine in surprise. Good food, friendly staff, and decent prices. I like the atmosphere and sitting on the patio to dine is my favorite spot. Highly recommend.
4	Met a friend for dinner at Babbo last night. Word to the wise: Mondays are busy-- it's cheap spaghetti and meatball night! This place was crawling with snowbirds!  I was told the wait for two would be 15 minutes, not a big deal at all, I don't mind waiting. Towards the end of our wait, we did notice there were many empty tables-- turns out the kitchen was a bit behind due to all of the business they were getting. Once again, this did no bother me-- we were seated probably 20 minutes after I checked in (it did take a while to get silverware, I think this is why they were not seating). The bread and dipping oil was delicious, and the food did not take long. I had the garlic shrimp linguini- it was spicy which I was not expecting but did not mind. Service was good for a busy place. I thought that the prices were good and liked my dish, so I am sure I will be back with my husband, but maybe not on a Monday!
3	It's ok. Floor was dirty and our waiter seemed almost clueless. Food was good but not "write home about"
4	Get In My Mouth Babbo! Best Italian place in Surprise. Their Spicy Sausage Alfredo is to die for, seriously, thank you Jesus for dying for this sinful food.The bread and olive oil they serve while waiting is also amazing. I've eaten in and done take out, both great experiences. Try this place, it will not disappoint. Just don't go on the nights they sell the Spaghetti and Meatball plate for $5.99.. too many people, PACKED. Those are just take out nights ;)
4	Huge selection of different pastas and the food was terrific in quality.  We went there twice and both times had great meals.  Always busy and runs a lot of specials during the week.  Portions are ample and the service was polite and quick.  Can eat inside or out, but it is a little noisy inside.  Anytime we feel like Italian food, you can't beat this place.
5	This place is amazing!!! I love the bold flavors and combinations. Their dishes set them apart from other Italian places... I felt as if I had robbed them with all the food I received. They have a Family Plan option on the menu. The family plan includes a Large 2 Topping PizzaChoice of 2 PastasLarge Mista SaladFresh BreadSlice of Chocolate Tort or cheese cake  I know what you are thinking it must have cost a lot.  WRONG The family plan is only $40.00  My pasta choices were the Three Cheese Mac and Cheese and the Spicy Alfredo with Italian Sausage.  Both dishes were like a party on my tongue.  The Three Cheese Mac and Cheese has Smokey Chipotle Cream Sauce blended with Cheddar, Mozzarella and Gorgonzola cheeses. Served with Bacon and Sausage on Penne Pasta. It was so cheesy my children loved it.  The spicy alfredo w/ Italian sausage has Scallions, Tomatoes, Mushrooms, Italian Sausage, in a Creamy Garlic Sauce. Served on Fusilli. This dish had just the right amount of heat to make your taste buds dance. The pizza was had just the amount of sauce, meat, and cheese.  The salad was wonderful. I did not eat in but instead called ahead for carry out. I called the restaurant to enquire about the family deal and the staff was very friendly the order was ready in 20 minutes.   When my husband picked up the food he stated the staff was friendly as well.  When the food arrived home I wondered if it would be cold or spilled out, but they had everything packaged so nicely not one crumb or splat of sauce had even spilled.  The food when I retrieved it from the bag was smoking hot. I had to place it down quickly.  I love my food hot and a lot of times when you carry out by the time you get it home the food is cold or room temperature. This food was piping hot.I have been driving by this place for years and am now kicking myself.  I will definitely order from here again.
4	I get the Drunken Shrimp Pasta (Shrimp Sauteed in a Tequila Lime Butter Sauce. Topped with  Pico, Fresh Limes and served on Spaghettini.)  It's so good !  I don't do spicy food , but this has the mildest kick to it . If I'm not in the mood for pasta, I get the Steak n' blue salad (Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes, Walnuts. Thinly-Sliced Rib Eye Steak*, Sauteed with Mushrooms, Mixed Peppers, and Onions. Topped with Blue Cheese in a Sweet Vinaigrette.)  absolutely my favorite salad in town !
4	I went to Babbo's on Friday for dinner with my wife. We really enjoyed it! Very good food and service. In fact, their freshly baked bread was too good. We pigged out and had barely enough room for our entrees. I tried the Mac and Cheese (bit of a self-proclaimed connoisseur) and really enjoyed it, though it wasn't quiet as good as Noodle's Inc. in my opinion. My wife ordered spaghetti and meatballs and thought the meatballs were excellent! I'd recommend giving it a try if you're in the mood for an Italian dinner. The menu is diverse and all the items looked tempting. We can't wait to go back again.
2	"Meh"Wifey and I showed up and waited at the hostess desk for over 5 minutes while she continued to folk napkins even though she saw us standing there. After she finally decided it was time we got some help we were greated with a snarky "two?". Um yes obvious as it would seem there are two us. She then goes to tell us with a tone of being bothered  "we only have the small tables for two in the back, we dont have anything else".  Way to sell our future dining experience! She was waiting for us to answer if we wanted that table and ill give her credit for this part. It allowed me to use what ive read so much about in leadership books, the ability to quickly make decisions.  "No thanks"
4	The food is yummy! The bowl servings are pretty big, the bread they bring out (for free) is so fresh! The service is good, & food comes out fast, even when busy.
4	Great little Italian eatery in Surprise! I had the Chicken Chipotle which was incredible. So many flavors! Unbeieivably inexpensive. Very friendly wait staff, full of recommendations and smiles. We sat outside which was very intimate and quiet and clean!
3	So, this place is fine.  The food was great.  I had the limone chicken which was fantastic (except for it should have been served with angel hair pasta or anything other than fusilli).  The bread was delicious as was the olive oil and vinegar.  My husband's steak salad was great, and the meatballs with the spaghetti were HUGE!  Why not more  stars, you ask? The hostess was a bitch.  Straight-up - cranky bitch.  Our waitress, not much better.  She seemed bothered by our order, and this is absolutely a "turn and burn" establishment.  It is also loud, really loud.  Delicious food in a compromising environment.  Price is right - worth a try.  I would add this as a tip but cant because I am not on my phone -  do call ahead seating!!!!
1	I really tried to like this place. A group of friends seem to like it because they want to occasionally go there. It seems like every time I go, the food is bland and the sauce is almost flavorless. I had a good appetizer there once, but that's all I can remember from the 3 times I've been there. I had the spaghetti and meatballs once, a chicken Alfredo dish, and a pizza. I'm running out of options to try so I'll probably just avoid this place. My friends drink when they go, so maybe that's why they don't notice the terrible food. I'd rather go to Olive Garden, which is pretty bad, because I hate Olive Garden. However, at least Olive Garden has good soup and salad there. If you're looking for a cheap place for Italian food and really don't want to put in any effort finding someplace decent, then this is your place. If you are trying to impress someone, I wouldn't do it here, lol.
1	Absolutely crap!!! I dont understand how a place can be so busy but have such terrible food and selection. My daughter wanted Lasagna but nope! Not on the menu. My food was cold and lacked flavor, my wife had a piece of hair in hers...the wine was good and the bread was ok. But there are way better Italian restaurants out there...try it out but I am not impressed. I would rather eat at Carrabbas. Never again!
5	I absolutely love this place. The bread with oil and balsamic vinegar is so good! The salads are enormous and delicious. They have the best calzones in town as well! I'm able to go there and get a salad, calzone, and tiramisu and split it with my boyfriend and get away for under $25. I definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting a really nice Italian meal at a casual restaurant with a really cool atmosphere. It's one of those places that you crave again the next day.
2	Definitely not worth a second trip. Dirty and bad service. The bread was great, but that was it. The salads looked wilted and were overdressed. The pasta was nothing to rave about - actually a bit overcooked. And was served way to fast - not even half way through our salads. So probably ended up under a heat lamp. Certainly would not recommend to anyone. 2 stars for the bread.
5	Stopped in the other night for a quick bite and loved it.  Bruschetta Trio (did the first 3 on the menu) was great.  Pasta was delicious (Pasta Rustico and Spinach Gorgonzola Pasta). And I don't remember there being a martini list before but the 007 was very good.  Service has caught up to the kitchen making this place my new go to place.
5	Great food! Great service and definitely recommend for a great night out with the family..
3	Food was great, but came out one plate at a time. By the time the last person got their food many others were already done. Service was spotty as we had to ask several times for refills and not everyone got a refill and had to ask for to go boxes 3 times. Tuesday they have a super special on spaghetti and meat balls so unless you like a crowd avoid at all costs.
4	Their Spaghetti & Meatballs is pretty good ... certainly a large portion for a reasonable price.  Their warm bread, however, is outstanding.  We eat so much of those tasty baked goodies that we end up eating only half our meal.  Guess what.  Plenty of leftovers for lunch tomorrow!During the winter, be prepared for lines there for the Monday and Tuesday spaghetti special.
4	I ordered the mac and cheese to go the other night. This place has the to go routine down perfectly. When I got home there was 2 pieces of bread that was really great with a small container of oil and vinegar. This was a nice surprise. I had a small Cesar salad which had the dressing packet separate so it wasn't soggy at all. There was also a container with pepper flakes and another with Parmesan. I thought everything was really good although the sausage was more spicy then I would prefer in a mac and cheese. I will use the to go service more often now.
5	Babbo Italian Eatery is truly one of my favorite restaurants in Surprise, and not because it's close to home. I've been here about 10 times so far and I've never had a bad meal.They have a nice bar, but my husband and I usually get a table. I've had the house Cabernet, the Chanti, and the Zinfandel. They're all delicious. The Caesar salad is always good and the bread is amazing. I mean seriously. This is ridiculously good bread. And I'm one of those gluten-free folks, but I'll eat the hell out of that bread!My favorite thing to get is the Couples Special for $25 - 2 entrees, 2 salads & 2 glasses of wine. It's so awesome. I've tried the Pasta Rustica, the Creamy Mushroom and Asparagus Pasta, Spaghetti Bolognese, and the Pasta Puglia. All were outstanding. The only thing that I've ordered that I wouldn't get again is the Chicken Asparagus Fra Diablo. It was decent enough but not as good as the other stuff I've tried. It wasn't bad, just not very Italian-y. If you go on Monday or Tuesday night, the spaghetti and meatballs are on special for $5.99. Bargain! Sure, anybody can make spaghetti and meatballs, but these guys have really raised the bar. Give it a try. You're welcome.There are so many delicious dishes to choose from, I'm sure you'll find something to love. Don't forget to save room for dessert!
4	Good service, great crusty pizza but they used to have a truffles pizza, they don't have ti anymore awwwww, good Antipasti buffet, usually crowded, make a reservation. Prices are ok.
4	Babbo Has good happy hour appetizers and drinks. We were having such a great time drinking and appetizers on the patio we never actually had dinner - so pretty a great evening. Best Apps were the Firecracker rolls and the stuffed Mushrooms. Great place for large group, we were 15 and took up a long set of tables on the patio. I think you get my point...sit in the patio, have a drink and enjoy yourself. Finish it off with a nice Italian soda as a desert.
5	I'm not from this area, but with a craving for Italian food I searched for pasta close to me and this place was first to show up. As usual, yelpers didn't let me down! Really great service by Manny (?) and fantastic food! My family got a selection of pastas and everyone was thrilled with their choice. The favorites were garlic chicken, spicy Alfredo, and pasta puglia.Free bread out first was a really nice touch! We had a little too much (; Overall, really solid place would definitely come back again!
4	Good food, good prices, excellent service from Cameron. He knows what he's doing. We had the Couples Combo, 2 individual pizzas, 2 salads and two glasses of wine (hubby substituted a wine for a beer) for $25. Will definitely go back. Large pasta selection I want to try!
