4	The number of steak houses in Charlotte isn't exactly overwhelming.  Until a few years ago, if someone asked me where to go, I probably would have sent them to the Hereford Barn.  But since they closed, there weren't really a lot of options.Recently even the chain places have begun closing, which isn't really a huge loss, but it does leave a certain opening for a good place to find a steak.  About the only option are the "old time" steak houses, such as Beef and Bottle and The Ranch House - and neither are that great.Perhaps it is because of all this that I don't often look for steak in Charlotte.  It's just not a steak sort of town.  But one night while partaking in the manager's reception at the Embassy Suites, we weren't sure where to go, and decided that we'd try the Omaha Steak House, simply because it was raining and we were a bit pressed for time.  It was one of the best decisions we had made in a very long time.The only downside is that if you have a drink from the Embassy Suites, you can't take it inside because of separate liquor licenses.  That's not a huge problem, but it would be nice if you could do so.After overcoming any complaints on that front, we settled into our seat and had to decide what we'd have for dinner.  Like many steak restaurants, the selection isn't huge, and that's not an entirely bad thing.To give the menu a good test drive, we settled on an appetizer of the crispy bleu cheese chips and the onion cheese soup.  For the main course, I had a small fillet mignon and my wife had a sirloin.The chips were tasty, though the bleu cheese was perhaps a bit much.  It might have been better without the cheese, or if the cheese was spread a bit more evenly - or even offered on the side.  I think the chips stood well on their own.I also found that the soup, as with most French onion-style soups, was a bit challenging.  The flavor was good, but the cheese crust on the top was just too heavy.  That's not so much a knock against the restaurant as it is against the style of soup.We also had some of their bread, which was garlic-infused or something, and it was awesome (though I can't imagine it was particularly low-calorie).Before long, the steaks arrived.  I took mine with the mashed potatoes, while my wife opted for the baked potato.  While the menu says you get mashed potatoes, you can in fact swap that out for about anything.  Other sides are also available for an additional charge.The fillet was, put simply, excellent.  It was the best I'd had in some time.  The sirloin was good too, but the fillet was better, and worth the extra money.  Apparently grilled with butter and the Omaha Steak seasoning, it was done just right.While we had no problem with service, we did notice a group of three people come in, and apparently unhappy with not being served quickly enough, get up and leave.  So your own experience may be hit and miss.  We might have to check it out again to see.
3	I really didn't have much of an option as far as dining went when I was stranded in Charlotte, NC and staying at the Embassy Suites. I wasn't familiar with Charlotte and I really didn't want to pay for a cab while looking for a restaurant where I'd be dining alone. I could have ordered room service but half the menu was from the Omaha Steak House anyway, I figured I'd just go downstairs to eat and save myself the room service charge.The service was really friendly. My server was especially sweet and attentive. However, I didn't really think much of the food item she recommended.They had freshly baked bread which was nice. It was piping hot but slightly undercooked and still very doughy in the middle. I got myself quite a surprise when I bit into it.  I didn't think that part was so nice. My Jumbo Shrimp cocktail was OK... nothing to write home about although I did like the cocktail sauce. It had tons of horseradish in it just the way I like it. I had the Steak and Avocado Salad with Lime Cilantro Dressing which the waitress told me was one of their bestselling items on the menu. It's probably my fault for not ordering a steak at a steakhouse but it did have some steak in it. I was envisioning a tangy crisp salad with creamy avocado pieces and thick, warm slices of medium rare steak draped on top. However, what I got was a limp lettuce salad with cold steak chopped into tiny pieces with congealed fat sticking to it. The lime cilantro dressing tasted exactly like its name. It had chopped cilantro and lime juice.. no other seasonings.. So gross. Great service, not so great food. If you're staying at the Embassy Suites in Charlotte, NC try looking someplace else to eat than the Omaha Steakhouse downstairs.
2	I had high expectations of this place, because Omaha Steaks are shipped around the world. However, the quality of the fillet mignon ($32) didn't meet my expectations. The steak was only okay, and a bit dry. They skimped on the mashed potatoes for me as well.. got like half a cup's worth, which was less than the 12oz steak.The guy sitting to my left ordered medium, and he got a rare.The waiter will ask you if you want sides, but doesn't tell you that it's an additional $7.The Omaha chopped salad sucked. I would give it a 2/5. Mostly iceberg lettuce, not much of anything else that was supposed to be there (ham, cheese, eggs, olives). Think of a chef's salad, but worse. You can get a better pre-prepared salad at a grocery store.
3	I'd give it 3.5 stars.  If you go in with low to moderate expectations it's surprisingly good.  I ordered a fillet mignon medium and it came back well done but I didn't complain because it still looked really good, I was starving and the first bite was tasty.  Next time if it's not cooked right I'll probably say something since steak houses in general are pricey and you should get what you pay for.  The vinaigrette on my fresh greens salad was delicious.  And my baked potato was a little over done as well but all in all it was a great experience.The dining room is definitely not flashy.  Don't wear shorts but also don't worry about getting too dressed up.  It's a casual environment with a fairly extensive wine and liquor selection and very friendly service.  You can be pretty comfortable going with a large group and even bringing kids. Maybe it's because they're attached to the Embassy Suites that the atmosphere is so casual.  From the restaurant entrance you can see the hotel jacuzzi and since they had the door propped open there was a strong chlorine tainted breeze which was a bit weird.The best part was the Obscenely Chocolate Cake for dessert which is layers of chocolate cake and fudge.  And it was also great taking home a bottle of their steak seasoning which I haven't been able to find in grocery stores around town.  Their steak rub makes any store bought steak taste gourmet and turns a ho hum steak into a really nice evening cooking at home, which is why we went to try their restaurant to begin with.  All in all, it's good, quality food, just not a sexy date spot...
5	I have been staying in the Embassy Suites on business for a little over two weeks now and I've dined at the Omaha at least 5 times for both lunch and dinner. Upon my arrival at the Embassy it was raining and miserable outside, so not being familiar with the area I just decided to eat at the Omaha for convience. Going  there has proven to be one of the best dining decisions I've ever made. My waitress was so genuinely friendly and helpful when it came to choosing menu items (I don't eat much red meat). Every time I go back she greets me by name and welcomes me again, even when she isn't my server. I have yet to eat anything on their menu that wasn't delicious and have almost tried everything, the crab cakes being my favorite. This place is definatly worth a try and seems to have something for everyone. If you're in the area, it's worth it.
4	I was really surprised to see this at the side of a hotel.  Gave it a try.  The bartender was really friendly and great service.  Great steak!  I asked for medium, and it was perfect!   The steak comes with a potato or other side.  If you want some veggies, you would have to order that a la cart.
5	Came here on a Tuesday night and it wasn't crowded.  Service was great and food was too.  I had the large filet medium rare and it was perfect and flavorful. The mashed potatoes were excellent as was the field greens salad, which has red onions and diced tomatoes and cucumbers.   Loved their bread, which has olive oil and onion to dip into.
3	Went Last night to Omaha, was seated right away. We had to wait a long time for food our food was mistakenly taken to another table.Had the Ribeye with the Yukon Mashed potatoes. Husband steak was cooked perfectly, wife steak was cooked under and had to be re-cooked. Steak came back and was to over. Managers responded promptly and a new steak was cooked and was perfect.Waiters and Mangers very Responsive. We have been a couple of times, and will def be back.
3	I was here for for dinner on a business trip. They ate very proud of there steaks as they should be. I had the filet. It came out on a huge plate by itself and my sides came out on another plate. Seemed a bit weird to me. The steak was cooked to my liking with good flavor. Not the best steak I ever had so not sure why priced so high. I would recommend another place I think this location being at a hotel has a captive customer bace and quality may be subpar to other Omaha steak houses.
4	Great service. I sat and ate dinner at the bar. I think my bartenders name was Jason. He recommended some good food and appetizers. Good conversation. Nice and quiet place tograb a bite. Big portions just on small plates.. A little pricey too but it was pretty good so I plan on going back..
3	The best thing about this place was the service. Our server was phenomenal. Wish I would remember his name. We had a party of 8 and it was late at night, but he still worked hard to make sure we we were happy. Unfortunately my food was not happy. I had the steak salad and it was severely lacking. The meat was tough and unseasoned. The lettuce was skimpy. I just can't give a steak restaurant more stars when a simple steak salad was so bad, no matter how good the service is.
2	How does an Omaha Steakhouse run out of baked potatoes??!! I was pissed! I ordered the steak and avocado salad MINUS the red onions. After waiting quite a while for it to come out, guess what? RED ONIONS!! I had to send it back and wait again. Everything is a la carte, so bring extra money!
1	Don't do it! The food took forever and when my husband's steak finally came (which he had ordered medium rare) it was well-done. They sent it back and the replacement was tar-tar, absolutely raw inside. The atmosphere was lackluster and the entire experience was bad.
