5	Fantastic is the best description. Have been taking my Honda's there for years. The service is always great. I never get sold an "extra" bill of goods. They let me get the most out of my car repairs and don't replace things that still have useful life to the parts. While still making sure i won't be stuck on the side of the road!Love these guys!
5	Amazing experience with this place. I had talked to Justin a majority of the time and he was awesome!! I had originally gone to a mechanic that was charging me $1500 to fix the issues I had with my car. I thought that I was being played just because I was a girl and seriously know nothing about cars and the cost of fixing issues with cars. I went to D & W because it was recommended to me and since the first time I talked to Justin I knew that he was honest and definitely reliable with his services. He ended up charging me less than half of what I was originally quoted and got my car back as if nothing ever was wrong with it. I am going to be taking my Honda back to this place forever now, so glad to know that there really are trustworthy and honest mechanics out there. Thank you Justin!!
5	I have been trusting my Honda cars to this shop for many years.  They consistently demonstrate honesty, integrity and value.  That's why I drive over 30 miles (from NW Phoenix) to get my cars serviced here.   I like the "small shop" focus on customer they convey and their accountability.My most recent experience was a fine example of why I keep coming here.   Our 2003 Honda Odyssey van was having severe transmission problems.  My wife was able to limp the van into D&W.  Justin and his team had it diagnosed within minutes.  They worked directly with my extended warranty company and provided me multiple options.   I have learned over the years to trust their advisement.   They got the new transmission quickly, installed it and it drives just like new.    I want everyone to know this shop has consistent quality and integrity so they can stay in business so we all have someone to go to for repairs with 100% confidence.     Excellent job (as usual) D&W!!
5	Great find through Yelp. Solid trustworthy Honda/Acura mechanics.  Most of the reviews have disappeared through the magic of 'filtering' so I thought I should finally Yelp this one myself.My husband and I had a couple horrible experiences with some well-known local chains who say they can do work on an Acura, but can't.  In one instance, we had to pay to tow our car (a 2004 Acura TL) from one of these discount chains to the Acura dealer because they had messed things up so badly the security system had freaked and locked them out and it had to be reset by someone who knew what they were doing.  After that experience I swore - no more people we found with a coupon, and you know I didn't want to spend all that money at the dealer again.  I found D&W, and we've been taking our car there ever since.  I guess I'll just say what I would be looking for if I was looking again for a mechanic:  they know what they're doing!  And they're honest and won't rip you off.  Good guys.
5	I just checked my odometer on the 99 Honda accord I have and it just hit 200k!!  I have been fortunate since 2003 to have my Honda in their capable hands.  They are honest, reliable and never any surprises. Give them your business and you will be thankful you did. I am due for my second timing belt, water pump and some new tires.  I think with D&W taking good care of my vehicle I can make it to 300k!!!!!   Thanks, Bob Crawford
5	If you drive a Honda, this is the place to get it fixed.  I plan to only drive hondas just so I can continue to come here.  This place has saved me soooo much money.  They are honest and they do exactly what you need and not a thing more.
5	I took my 2005 Acura TL here last month for 2 engine mounts that the dealer said I had to get replaced since they were worn-out and would cost $800!  Doubting the need to have these replaced and since I just moved here a couple of months ago, I turned to Yelp.  I found this place right away searching for Acura repair and since they specialized in Hondas/Acuras and got great reviews I thought I'd get a quote from them.  I met Justin who immediately knew which mounts might be giving me trouble since he's worked on my model before and I was very impressed.  Then they took a look at my car and later explained that I only needed 1 mount replaced and that the 2nd mount was just fine!  Talk about honesty!  He explained that that my car's engine mounts tend to wear-out and that if I ever needed the other ones replaced it would cost no more than doing them together or separate.  I came back the next morning to have my car fixed and thought it would take them several hours but it only took 1 hour!  Overall, I was very impressed with their knowledge, friendliness and HONESTY!  They easily could have charged me for both mounts and I would have not questioned it.  Oh yeah, I was only charged $160 and they use OEM parts!  From now on, I will only take my car here for future service!  I'm very fortunate to have found such an exceptional shop that provides great customer service and honesty!
5	I haven't even used their service yet - just a phone consultation and already impressed.  I called to get a quote for a timing belt replacement for my MDX and with only 78k miles on it, Justin steered me away from the expense as it wasn't due although the dealer has been pressuring me on it since 60k miles.  We talked about a couple of other concerns and he was really very helpful.  I'll be dropping by for a check-up in the very near future and when it comes time for that timing belt, I'll be bringing it here!
5	I have received excellent auto repair services at D&W each and every time I've taken my car there. They are really nice, professional, great at explaining the work that needs to be done, and the cost is always kept to a minimum. D&W has a reputation for being one of the most honest of all the repair shops in this area of Phoenix, and I know a number of women who prefer to take their Hondas here because of this. I recently had my last services completed here and am sad to say we're "breaking up"; I bought an Audi and these guys specialize in Hondas. I wanted to stop in and leave a review for all the great work they've done, though. Thanks Justin and everyone at D&W! :-)
5	These guys are great. Took my Civic here for a second opinion and they saved me over $600 in unnecessary repairs--turns out the dealer was making stuff up.Very friendly, honest, and professional. If you have a Honda in the valley, take it here!
5	They are fantastic here. What a great group of people. Justin knows you by name. It's great 5 star service. Oh and they really know their stuff. I'd buy a Honda just to come to them for service!!!! Highly recommend them.
5	I had a problem with my honda Accord, I went to see a couple mechanics before I came to D&W honda repair; it was a lot of stress but finally, when I brought my car to this guys, they fixed my car right away.I recommend them 100%, great service!!
5	They are FANTASTIC! Super friendly, very knowledgeable... Fair prices! Definitely coming back!!!
5	Well I love my 1999 Honda Accord and after 222,000 miles the transmission went bye-bye.  I am on the road to 300k!  They did a fantastic job on installing a remanufactered transmission from a company that specializes in Acura/Honda transmissions.  It drives more smoothly than when I first bought the car 10 years ago!  This is the "go to" shop for Honda/Acura in Arizona!
5	D&W was referred to me by a friend and they have lived up to her raving reviews. I have come into D&W for some issues that I couldn't myself diagnose. Being a woman bringing in a car for service is a somewhat tentative thing...one has to be careful about this. But they took good care of me. Both times the thing that was wrong was not expensive. I'm sure, if they were unscrupulous, they could have jacked up the price or feigned some fault without me knowing it for sure. But they didn't. I'm delighted with them and their honesty in service. I highly recommend them for your repairs. They go above and beyond and have even dropped me off at my home to help. Just a great shop in my estimation. Thanks D&W for your help! I hope that this review helps bring in more work. Patricia E.
5	If I had to pick one brick and mortar establishment in the entire Phoenix metro area, regardless of the service provided therein, to recommend to others with absolutely no worries, this shop would be it. They are that good. I've sent more business to D&W than I can remember in the last 22 years that my family has been using them.Because of D&W, I have exclusively bought Acuras since I first got my driver license.They are that good. These guys will tell you like it is with no bullsh*t. They'll even tell you when it's time to get rid of your car. If you own a Honda or Acura and live within 50 miles of D&W, there's literally no excuse to not use them. Don't blame me when some other shop screws up your Honda/Acura and overcharges you.Death, taxes and D&W - those are my only sure bets in life. I don't know what more to say.
5	Honest and upfront auto service. Always friendly and courteous. No false promises or pushy sales.
5	I don't know the first thing about cars, and I'm not going to pretend I do. What I do know is good customer service, honest feedback, and reliability. The staff at D&W Auto Service treated me well and were not intimidating (ie, appearing suspicious on the concerns you have, hawking other services, etc). While I waited the brief 20 minutes for them to assess and correct my car's issue, I saw them treat other customers just as well. They knew them by name and their car when they walked in! A customer there had to get a new compressor. The staff called their supplier, got a price, and showed the customer the price, being completely transparent from the get go.Great service! Obviously I hope nothing happens to my car. If it does, I know where to go.
5	Once again I am so happy with D & W Auto Service!  These guys are honest and reasonable. I have been sitting while I wait for my car and listening to them tell people that they DON'T need work done that other,less honest, mechanics told them needed doing. I came in once before convinced that my car's brakes needed replacing. They could have charged me for that but they assured me that it wasn't necessary. I will be looking for a new car soon and it will have to be a Honda so that I can bring it here.
5	A dedicated honda/acura repair house is hard to find. Justin and the guys are always able to get my car in for a quick service, even when the schedule is hectic. Had some larger repair work done here as well (A/C repair) ended up several hundred dollars cheaper than the dealership.I was really convinced after calling several repair shops that all said it sounded like my timing belt was bad. This was the only shop that actually knew that my car had a TIMING CHAIN, not a timing belt (very different).
1	Just brought my CRV back to the shop to get my A/C checked after it blew up on the freeway after they replaced it 2 years ago June. With me luck
5	these guys are and have always been the most solid automotive operators in the Valley, will never take my Acura or Honda elsewhere. GREAT PEOPLE!
5	Had a 2001 Honda Civic with 300,000+ miles on it. Every repair was done right the first time and they were honest about what did and did not need to be done. Highly recommended.
