4	My first attempt at Christmas shopping and I needed sustenance within 3 minutes of getting off the bus outside Ocean Terminal. We ignored Costa Coffee, too boring; Baxters Deli, too deserted (too many rules, too expensive); Zinc, disappeared; M&S Cafe, oh-my-god-do-we-have-to? NO! The Ocean Kitchen Bar & Grill comes up trumps and saves the day.. The views of the Firth of Forth are amazing, but we have to sit one row back from the windows as the tables there are too low to be able to eat a bowl of soup with any elegance. The soup is good however. Flavour of the day was Indian Carrot & Coriander. I just managed to avoid asking the difference between British and Indian carrots. I wouldn't have been the first My companion had a filled roll and her only comment (in between munches) was how beautifully fresh it was.We could have had a more substantial meal with wine and dear reader, the chips were very tempting, but we had to keep ourselves sharp for the serious gift purchases to follow. Ocean Kitchen Bar & Grill? A very pleasent lunchtime surprise.
3	Located inside Ocean terminal a floor upwards from the entrance, the Ocean Bar and Grill is ideally placed for you to enjoy the sights of Leith Docks.  The large glass facade at the rear of Ocean Terminal guarantees a light and airy environment to grab an alcoholic beverage and relax on the comfy seating found in Ocean Kitchen Bar & Grill.You'll find nothing special in terms of the food, but for a drink with a view - this place is a good shout.
3	If I'm honest, this place isnt anything out of the ordinary - the food is alright (if a bit ordinary) and frankly the staffing isnt great. It can get a bit noisy because lets be frank, its in the middle of a shopping centre. Thats not too bad. There is a great laid back atmosphere though, and a really ecclectic clientel, which really adds something - its nice.The main reason I love this place is its views. Out of those huge glass windows is a view that is really really amazing. You can see all of the docks, including the Royal Yacht. Splended, and the food really isnt that bad!
3	We ate here for lunch on the Saturday before Christmas. It's not somewhere I would choose and our expectations were not high. However the food was reasonable (apart from the burger which was not nice) and the salmon, tuna and kid's chicken fillets were all surprisingly nice. The fish and chips was also good and my mother-in-law's pasta bake seemed to be pleasant enough. It's not top quality by any means but the price was reasonable so I guess you get what you pay for.
