4	In this suburban area of North Phoenix / Cave Creek the choices for carry-out pizza are Barro's (diagonally across the street), Pizza Hut, and Domino's (both a couple of miles north). If you've never been to Barro's, think sugary sauce. Come to think of it, the same is true of Dominos. So far I've tried only the "traditional Italian crust" pizza at Rosatis, and I found it to be very good. This is primarily a carry-out / delivery location, but there are a few seats inside, as well as a flat screen TV to watch while you're waiting. They have pizza by the slice on weekdays until 3pm.
4	Re-opened under NEW management and they are back in the groove.  Have had several deliveries and always nice and hot when it gets there.  I always get extra sauce as they do tend to skimp a little, and extra crispy crust.  If you like a thin crispy crust this is it.  We actually live just outside the delivery area delineated by the previous owners.  The new owners called up to tell us they will deliver to us at the regular charge (which is always free with coupon)!  They also call sometimes after the delivery to make sure everything was alright.  Excellent customer service.  Finally, a great pizza that can be delivered to us folk in the far north boonies.
4	I'll start off by saying that I've heard in the past they've been hit or miss (possibly more miss than hit). As I am only a recently Arizona resident I cannot validate this. What I will say is that right now they seem to be doing something right judging by the amount of phone calls they take and people picking orders up when I do the same. I've ordered carry out several times and what I've received is something consistent with well-balanced flavors. This is not your sweet sauce style of pizza. In fact, they don't use a lot of sauce at all which may or may not be your kind of thing. The crust is the thin crispy type. I can tell you that one of these little square slices is good the next day.My only complaint is that as the cheese is not the ooey gooey stringy type so the toppings and cheese do have a tendency to slide off the crust when you bite in. But it doesn't really matter when you've got the flavor to make up for it.Now if you excuse me... another slice is calling me.
2	Too expensive and not worth it. I was waiting for a pie when a man came in to pick up his order of two pies and some side dish. $50?? For some dough, sauce and cheese...really? When I went home and ate the pizza, I was disappointed. It wasn't anything special. Go to Barro's across the street. Much better.
1	Good but too pricey for what they serve (not much better than the big chains).  They should go on groupon and lower prices and this place could be popular in an area without a lot of options.
5	this place has new owners and they are awesome! the change has worked out wonderfully. pizza is super and the management awesome! thank you for the great tasting pizza. wonderful job!!
3	Good Food. Fast Delivery.
5	I'm hooked on this pizza! Love it. Fast delivery.
5	Yummy! There are around 5 pizza places nearby. This one has the best food for the price. Lots of options and pizza tastes fresh. Not sure why the reviews are not better for this place than the Barro's place across the street ...I went by reviews and trued that place first and that place was nasty
2	The last three times the toppings on the pizza fall far short of the edge. In fact, all of the outer pieces had no toppings. Quite a waste of money, considering how pricey. I called to inquire about this, no answer, just "sorry". It's too bad, because this is my favorite pizza, when prepared properly. I'm done.
1	There was mold on my daughters pizza. I called and told them and there only response was to tell me to call back tomorrow because there was no manager on duty... I left my contact info and was never called.
5	We have always eaten their extra large Monster pizza via take out. Today we their sampled their new dining room and bar during happy hour. Their pizzas are great and now we can also say their burgers are very, very, very good.Double bacon cheese burger (half pounder), thank you. Very juicy and full of flavor. Fresh tomato and crisp lettuce. Great bun, too. Comes with a large serving of fries which are crispy as they should be. My wife had the onion rings and they were good, too.Very attractive happy hour prices on the beers and wines. This place is worth a visit when you want a really well executed burger.
5	I'm from Chicago and I thought the pizza was excellent.  I would go back again for sure!  There was no mold by the way. ;)
5	Third trip just for the huge, okay, maybe it is merely enormous, double burger with fries. Fast and friendly service. Cooked as requested. Nice selection of brews on tap.Lots of neighborhood people there. If I were to change any one thing, it would be the ceiling lights. Seriously. Think warm white not Wal-Mart parking lot.Will be back for sure.
2	Sadly disappointing......1st time ordered delivery. Ordered sandwich off their online menu. Told they no longer make it. Ordered second sandwich off the same menu. Told they don't do that one anymore too. Ordered pizza which was excellent, but not what i wanted.2nd time we phone ordered pizza for pickup.Told 25 min wait. Wife went to pickup and took pizza to the car. Decided to take a quick look at it and discovered it was not the pizza she ordered. Went back in and was told that they had mixed up 2 orders and "Jay" had taken Jane's order. Asked to wait while the order was recooked. Sort of defeats the purpose of calling it in, if you have to sit there. They must have then hurried it because the pizza was undercooked and the cheese had slid off the pizza. One end had no cheese while the other end no crust......Well, mistakes can happen and we are normally forgiving, but absolutely no effort made by staff to try and make it right. No offer to deliver or take a few $$$ off or even a coupon for the next time. Feel 2 stars is generous under the circumstances....
