4	Since moving to Phoenix in the Summer of 2001, I've rented from three different self storage companies. The first was in Mesa and was not climate controlled. Imagine my surprise when, two months later, I move into my first apartment and find a nice surprise with all of my candles. Stupid. The second was climate controlled, close to where we used to live and was a great experience. So, this time around I knew what I needed and was able to execute a lease rather effectively. This weekend I picked up my bike and brought it home, but we don't want to park our bikes inside because they'll take up too much room. Our storage shed, meanwhile, had become filled to capacity with my power tools (yes, Robear. I do need two circular saw, a miter saw and a table saw, along with the Shop-Vac and hand saws.), Christmas decorations, bed frames, a box of photo frames, closet doors, planters and potting soil and a gas grill. Finding a method to reorganize was not a solution. Public Storage, now that's a viable solution. After looking at a couple of units, I settled on one that would fit nearly everything excessive from the shed plus a few bulky items that are taking up space inside the house. Currently, they are running a special with the first month's rent is $1 (but there is a one-time administration fee) and subsequent month's rents are reasonable. They generate an access code for you (picking my own would have been nice, but since I use the same basic code for everything this is actually better..you know, in case I'm abducted and they want my checking account PIN, voice mail passcode and storage access code altogether. You can't store corpses there; I asked. They also told me the units can't be lived in, so don't try that. This location is just around the corner from us, and while there isn't 24 hour access (the only downside), the 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. window should allow us to retrieve most anything we need, even last minute items. If i decide it's no longer needed, they will prorate the monthly rent if you give them enough notice. And since it's month-to-month, you don't feel obligated to commit yourself. [Another storage unit was contracted to 6 months, so I lost money on that one.]
1	I've been renting a unit here for just over a year an it is a constant mess. The security is a joke and the lighting inside the units is non existent.  I finally learned my lesson after my unit was broken into and the response from the on site employee Nikki was nothing short of rude and completely unsympathetic.   Added to that, about three months prior I was stuck in the elevator and pushed the alarm for help. It was July in Arizona which means 110 to 120 temps. No one came to help nor were there cameras in the elevator.  After about 15 minutes I was able to pry the doors open and went I to the office soaked in sweat and pretty panicked.  They stated that they didn't realize an alarm was being pushed. Turned out the alarm was connected to nothing!!   There were no cameras in the elevator, and although There was supposed to be a working phone in the elevator it was not working. After the break in, I filed a police report and requested the video footage of the robbery. Nikki stated that they turned the footage to the police already but when I asked for the report number she refused to give it to me. (Note that I received a call from the district mgr later and his response was that he didn't know why she would not give me the report number and he would follow up with her, but I still have not received that information). To date I have not been offered any type of remuneration or refund. In fact, my storage rental fee was increased after the elevator instance although new customer rents were lower.I finally went back five days after the break in and moved to a PODS storage unit. And guess what, the "secured" gates and buildings were wide open. when I asked the office to secure them Nikki rudely told me that would inconvenience them because they had an auction that day and still had people picking up. By the way, the PODS unit I rented was just $7 more a month and it is kept much more secure.  One more thing, the district manager was quick to blame the police rather than the property's own shoddy camera system for the multiple robberies that had gone unsolved there.   I wonder how old and cheap that cameras are.
