2	There are always atleast 2 group of annoying kids who just loiter and stare at everyone as they're walking in & out. The staff doesn't seem to care. Make sure to check your fries before you leave bc they are sometimes Luke warm. Even after you buy something it's a challenge for them to unlock the bathroom. You stand at the door 5min, walk to the counter and ask again then walk back and wait at the door forever again until finally you head back to the counter one last time and freak out.. all to pop a squat over the toilet. This has happened on two totally different occasions. The workers themselves are ok and the managers are nice.
2	I don't know why but this McDonalds always managed to get my order wrong.  This is almost constant.   However there is a young assistant management who is extremely professional and friendly.  He make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly. I believe his name is Matt or something that begins with a M.  (Young guy, brown hair, and awesome tattoos).    The major complaint that I have with this location is when the high schools let out.  The tons of students just hang out, cussing or making a lot of noise.  They sit on tables and often just sit at your table.  When Arby's and Wendy's use to be open next door, the management did not put up with this loitering.
2	I don't know why but this McDonalds always managed to get my order wrong.  This is almost constant.   However there is a young assistant management who is extremely professional and friendly.  He make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly. I believe his name is Matt or something that begins with a M.  (Young guy, brown hair, and awesome tattoos).    Many of my orders get messed up because SOME (not all) of the cashiers are busy talking to each other while my order is being taken.  I don't mind that but focus on the customers too.The major complaint that I have with this location is when the high schools let out.  The tons of students from various of communities just hanging out, cussing or making a lot of noise.  They sit on the tables and often just sit at your table.  When Arby's and Wendy's use to be open next door, the management  of these establishments did not put up with this loitering or chaos..
