4	One stop shop in the East Valley for your shooting needs. While I don't care much for indoor ranges, this one is done very well, with a good selections of rentals so you can 'try before you buy'. While I never attended one, they do host several shooting matches which provides shooters an exciting departure from standing square and punching holes in a paper Target. A good selection of firearms and accessories with gunsmithing services on site.  Most important though is there knowledgeable and friendly staff that won't intimidate anyone new to firearms. I have taken their CCW classes and reccommend it to all. It's not the cheapest in town but their firearm simulator (video training system like the police train shoot or don't shoot situations) is worth the price alone. And having the range at the same location as the class room is real convenient - like I said, it's a one stop shop!
5	Very nice range also got my CCW at this place great instructor. This place has everything from buying a new or used gun and all of the accessories from holsters to ammo.
4	Well I finally made it down to caswell's last saturday to use my new membership my father in law got me. I didn't have a reservation but they were still able to accomodate both of us by giving us both our own shooting lane.  The Staff seems really personable like they know their customers and their needs.I ended up renting a HK (Heckler & Koch) USP Compact 9MM, I put 150 rds though it with no malfunctions, great gun unfortunately I don't have $800.00 to spend on a handgun.  Nonetheless had a great time, got to shoot my Father in Law's GSG5 .22 MP5 clone too.  The range itself is nicer, they actually have keypads where you enter in the desired range for your target.  Also the rangemaster was watchful but unintrusive to those that we're handling their guns safely.  My only minor complaint was that it being an air conditioned range they had the A/C on and it was a cold day to begin with so it was very cold and found myself wearing my jacket most of the time, which is no big deal.  But with rentals you only get 1 magazine, so it's not fun to begin with to force 13 hard little pieces of brass into a magazine every time you run empty, let alone when you're hands are aching from the cold.  Rather than complaining I decided to be a man about it and said it could be worse.  overall it was still a great range visit.After shooting I was looking around the store and handled a few handguns, a few sigs, a Springfield XD9, and a Walther P99, I asked about an inexpensive but reliable 9mm.  And was pointed to the CZ (Ceska zbrojovka) line of handguns.  Apparently it's a Czech company but it's really popular with competition shooters and are known for being some of the most reliable and accurate guns out there and has actually been considered as a standard  government issue sidearm, unfortunately due to political reasons (favoritism towards germany) it was not chosen.after holding and feeling out the CZ-75B I was sold, and being a new member I got great discount too. Can't wait to clean it out and put some rounds through it.Hoping to go back soon to put some more rounds downrange and maybe pickup some accessories.  Also planning on taking CCW here at some point.Maybe one day I'll review a restaurant again.
4	I've been to (and reviewed) several shooting ranges over the last few years.  This is one of my favorites.  The attached store is large, bright and full of stuff I would love to buy.  I can't comment on their gun prices because I've never really looked all that closely...I'm not an AZ resident, so I can't buy guns there.  I will say their ammo prices were average (and by average, I mean they are pretty sadly inflated).  The last time I was there a .50 cal BMG sat on the counter in all it's glory.  The range is on the smaller side of things...not enough stalls for everyone, but that's not their fault - they just get busy!With that said, Tuesdays (I'm pretty sure, it's Tuesday) are when ladies get free range time and things get a little more crowded...so show up early and keep your eye out for the first-timers who flock to the place (girls taking lots of pictures is a comment sight).  They have quite a few rental guns and some pretty friendly staff.  If I lived in Mesa, I'd consider becoming a member.
5	This is a very accomodating indoor range for beginners like myself.  The staff was very helpful, and one staff member in particular, Chanson (Chance) took the time to show me a proper firing grip and stance. Worked miracles...I was on right on target after this short lesson. Great retail store also, I liked the various books on women and shooting.  I would visit again in a heartbeat, only down side was ammunition was a bit pricey.  Glad it was Ladies Day--this could be an expensive habit!Thank you also to staff member Jason.  When I'm back in the Mesa area, Caswell's will be a priority visit!
4	Nice range, knowledgeable and friendly staff and nice selection.  I am going to get my CCW here.
4	My first time at the range and it was a fun experience. I was terrified at first to even pick one up. The range master (is that what you call them?) was extremely friendly and assisted me until I felt comfortable shooting. After I got the hang of it, it was a blast. Definitely will be back!
4	Had a really good time here! Staff is very helpful. the majority of waiting time is to use the rifles... on the pistol side we got in right away(i will be back to bust out the big guns soon). Prices are not that bad, decently priced i thought. If you do end up having to wait awhile there is a lot of stuff to check out while waiting and even a little couch and snack area
4	Great shooting range with on par prices.  Scottsdale gun club does have a nicer range but then again....who cares :)....I'm there to plink some paper not stare at the decor.Always busy unfortunately but the good news is I never waited for a lane over 30 minutes.  Also the knowledge of the staff seems to be good, they almost always have an answer for me about guns to try and technical information.
4	So, I'm new to gun ranges and shooting guns in general.  I took my husband here for "date day" as he loves to shoot guns and hasn't done so since he got his CCW.  We went on a Sunday and it was mildly busy but we got in right away, yay...  I was more nervous than excited.  We rented the girliest gun they had, a .22 Revolver.The range is small but I find it very comfortable.  The people who work there are nice and were helpful when we needed it.  As far as price goes, I'm not sure what is over priced and what's not.  We paid $60 for a lane for 2 people, gun rental, ammo, ear and eye protection for both of us and 4 targets.  2 of the targets were the new zombie splatter, which my husband found to be "awesome".I would recommend this place to anyone, new or experienced.
4	Overall I had a good experience at Caswell. I went on a Saturday morning and had to wait one hour for a range to open up, but as it was my first time there, I spent the hour looking around the store. Counter staff was not that friendly, however the range master made up for it and was very helpful. I'll return for sure.
3	Ok I'll admit they have reasonable prices on some of their guns, and they do have a good selection to choose from. The staff is friendly and helpful. They have a nice shooting range as well but they overcharge for ammo. This is a fine place to go shooting as long as you bring your own ammo. They have some hard to find knives as well but they are ridiculously overpriced. Also if you buy a gun they will not charge you to go shoot on their range immediately following the purchase.
4	I've been to Caswell's twice and have been satisfied with the service and the facility both times.  The employees are knowledgeable and helpful.  The facility is clean and well kept, though it is small and at times there is a wait for an open lane, but that is to be expected on weekends.  My first experience here was a class (two years ago) that I took with two friends, "Intro to Handguns".  The instructor was knowledgeable, friendly, and very helpful.  I had no experience outside of revolvers and shot guns, so the instructor made recommendations of different guns for me based on my size and grip- he picked for me what is now my favorite 9mm.  We had adequate instruction (both revolvers and semiautomatic were covered) and range time, and the instructor stood by watching us all carefully and correcting or advising when needed.  It was a really great experience.Most recently, a friend and I used LivingSocial deals and had over an hour wait, mostly due to the influx of other people attempting to use their soon-to-expire deals.  It was my own fault that we had such a wait- I had called days before and the associate I spoke with warned me of the busy weekends and advised that we come in early to minimize our wait time.  We dawdled and didn't get there until 11...oops!Even with the wait, the experience was great.  My friend was very new to shooting so we shared a lane and gun (the aforementioned favorite gun).  The Range Officer was immensely helpful and gave my companion instruction regarding her stance and grip.  He was friendly and funny, and most of all he was mindful of his "charges", paying attention to everyone on the range and making sure it was a safe environment.I will definitely be returning to Caswell's for Ladies Day on a Tuesday or Friday.  The prices are a bit high, but specials like the LivingSocial Deal and Ladies Day make it very affordable.
4	Ladies night!  On Tuesdays and Fridays, ladies get free lane and gun rental, as well as free eye and ear protection.  The only thing you have to pay for is ammo.  Ammo is a little more expensive than what you'd normally pay, but it's still a good deal.  P.S.  Lane 11 will chill you to the bone in winter with the frosty A/C overhead!  : p
5	CRAZY FUN!!I had a blast it was a Tuesday and of course the family has about 4 women who wanted to go shooting so we came back on that day and it was FREE!The wait was an hour, so we had time to kill and drove down the way and had lunch, but we got back and we were good to go. We rented 2 "lanes" or whatever their called. One for small hand guns and the other for big rifles. Both my cousins own those guns, not sure if this place rents guns or not. Our group was about 9 people, only 3 people at a time can enter.Having never been to a shooting range, it was quite intimidating, my bad for starting with the rifle because it scared the s*** out of me. 308 caliber, that thing was a monster. But once I got over that "fear" I was good to go. My sister and I are both pretty petite but we took turns with the boys and it was super fun!!The staff is super friendly and are laughs. They are really helpful and BS'd a lot with my mom and dad who were waiting by the counter to go back in and shoot. We were there for about 2 hours everyone got their turns and we had a little competition. The sucky part is, I left my target sheet at my aunts house :(.Anyhoo, super fun I bought a t-shirt to remember the experience, great beginning to my  xmas vacation in AZ.
4	Super awesome fun! I can't wait to go back!A few suggestions before you take the trip to go shoot some guns:1. Consider a membership. Wait times were almost two hours. Yes, it was a Saturday afternoon but they only have 11 lanes. If you're a member, you can call and register a lane at a certain time. THIS IS WORTH THE MONEY ALONE, especially if you're considering going back again. Plus if you're in the market to purchase a gun, a membership will also give you a great discount.2. You can try out a few guns, as the rental is not per hour. Ty out that Glock .23 and don't like it? Simply trade it for another and keep on shooting.3. Bring a jacket if you're going to stay on lane 10 or 11. DIrectly under a vent, it can get a little cold in the corner.Definitely worth the trip -- so fun! I can't wait to go back again.
1	I visited this location on a tour with eight other folks and this was one of events I was looking forward too. The experience started with a young attendant behind the counter that was 95% attitude and sadly that left a bad taste in my mouth as that was my first impression of this business...The instructor was strict and knowledgeable, but you want that in someone that is teaching you what to do and how to do it and I hope he recognized the uphill climb he had to make was due to the poor customer service that met us at the door."The Good"- The experience was enjoyable, just marred a bit by someone that had an attitude that rubbed off on the rest of the staff.- Protective gear provided if you do not have your own or are traveling."The Meh"- There is a list that could go here or bad. I am all for giving a place a second chance and may... as the manager taught the rookies well and was knowledgeable as I said but came off very defensive due to the fact that I do not think they were prepared for eight people showing up at one time and did not have the space to put us."The Bad"- I suspect that there was a lack of communication on the manager/rangemaster side letting people know that a group of eight was showing up. I say this because it seemed like a surprise to the gentlemen that we spoke with and the person that the arrangments with was not there that day.- The initial attitude when we walked in did not go away the entire visit and took away from the whole experience. Even though the glass between the range and the showroom is bulletproof you can still see people getting pissed off and glaring though at you. Also, the "What?" when you went to the counter was not that inviting either... how about a "Hello can I help you?" or a "What can I help you with" - There was a point when an older staff member went to the lane on the far right and fired off a succession of shots in a row to test the younger manager to see if he would do anything. When the younger guy came rushing in from the retail space thinking that one of the folks in our group was being a jerk the older staff member was in the corner timing him... Since we all figured out what the older staff member was doing it made our interactions with everyone else even more tense.- With everything from above customer service is still just that.... sadly, this place lacks it.
4	Today was my first time at Caswell's and I thought it was great. A little pricey for the bullets, though. For two of us on one lane, 2 boxes of bullets, and 2 handguns, it was about $94. Also, the place is really small - I believe there's only 10 lanes, and they fill up fast. The wait is usually about 1hr-1.5hrs, so go in, leave your ID for a lane, and come back. Despite these two negatives, though, we had a great time! Staff was knowledgeable and friendly. As a smaller woman who has only shot a few times, the guy at the counter knew what I meant when I explained what I wanted in my lack of gun-speak. The staff member stationed inside the shooting area was also nice and knew what he was doing. One of our guns jammed and he noticed immediately and helped us fix it.Also, Tuesday is ladies night and everything is free except the bullets, so that's pretty awesome!
5	I'm a big fan of this place. Location is convenient, staff is knowledgable and friendly, and they have a good inventory of what you need. I've taken classes here, bought multiple firearms from them and used the range quite a few times and have always had a great experience.
1	I think it's really cute that the owners of this place gave their kids summer jobs working the front counter. However, I will probably wait til high school is back in session before I come back here again. Im not sure who is worse- the bitchy, irritable troll, or the pop collared frat prez who made it a point to let me know that he's "a quick draw." That's awesome, and im very proud of you, young man. And to top it all off, after I inquired about a holster that I didn't see in their selection, I was told that "its not even worth it" to special order one. Right on, man. Thanks for all your help. Its not like I just spent over 100 bucks at your establishment or anything. the only decent person working in this dump is the rangemaster, who I find to be highly knowledgeable and just a good guy in general. Props to him.
4	Friendly staff and lots of intro thru concealed weapons permits classes. They have a nice selection of personal protection like pepper spray and even offer gift cards.
5	Love ladies night!  Plus it's two nights a week not just one (Tuesdays and Fridays)!  This place is great for experienced marksman or the novice alike.  Their Range masters are happy to take the time to explain how to use your or their guns.  Great shooting tips and friendly staff.  Happy to return week after week!
1	Jan 4th  2013 - I called the number and was sent to a LONG list of directories, I just wanted to talk to a real person. I finally pushed # 6 to talk to someone and of course no one picked up. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.  I hope they know that I took my business to Shooters World, where at least someone answers their public phone number, don't list it if your not going to answer, or you think your business is not customer oriented .  Will never go to this place. and will let everyone i know who has weapons know about the poor customer service
5	My wife and I recently purchased handguns from Caswell's.  They made us a good deal on two guns and gave us an additional discount once we had decided.  They included a couple of free range cards after the purchase as a thank you.  The sales staff was knowledgable and friendly.The shooting range is busy, which is understandable given the current environment.  The lanes have always been clean and functional during our visits.  We have vistsed about every two weeks to stay practiced and comfortable with our weapons.Their prices on ammunition is not cheap, but not that outrageous either.  Many times we have purchased their ammunition when no other locals supplies had any in stock.We recently attended one of their training sessions on Concealed Carry Weapons, Advanced.  The class was taught by Russ Kimball, over two days for a total of 14 hours.  This is the most comprehensive class they offer on this topic.  Russ' instruction is impeccable. His mixture of standard material, intermixed with real world stories and examples, really made an impact on us.  Since the class my wife and I have commented often, on how much more aware we are, and how pleased we are to have taken the class.  One downside was that the dry fire range was unavailable for our class.  Having paid almost $300 for this training, we certainly expected to get the full benefit.  Russ was very apologetic, but management said nothing to us, offered no apologies, or compensated us in any way.  This was disappointing, but was no reflection on Russ, who set up one of the ranges for us to complete the dry firing section of the training.  We did have a great time at the simulator, learning to respond correctly to threatening situations.  All in all we are very satisfied with Caswells, and completely satisfied with Russ Kimball.Craig
4	Good place to practice, but sometimes it can get a little crowded.. A plus is that on Friday ladies are free, but have to pay for target and rounds..
4	The staff at Caswells is very helpful and friendly.  It is a little frustrating that there always seems to be an hour wait to get a shooting lane and to reserve a lane over the phone you have to be a member. While it is difficult to find ammo these days, they always seem to have ammo to use for their range.  Their pricing is fair and they have plenty of accessories to look at while waiting for a lane.
4	I needed some support field stripping a stubborn rifle. Gunsmith Paul promptly and efficiently resolved my initial issue. He's a pretty to the point kind of guy and I guess he needs to be dealing with repairs and modifications that if not done properly could put a customer at risk. He also shared some knowledge with me about cleaning tips. Thanks again Paul.
3	I've been a member for a year on their group plan, and I go to the range once a month. In terms of the people working at the front counter, I'm not really a fan. They tend to be fairly cold and will help regulars that they recognize before you. If I bring a friend, sometimes they'll charge a $10 guest fee and other times they won't. The selection of rental firearms is fairly small; not nearly enough especially when I was hoping to try some before buying. One of their weird rules is that you have to buy their paper target and you can't bring your own; I still cannot think of a logical reason for this.I've never felt fully safe here because they don't require any signing and understanding of rules. Some places like Scottsdale Gun Club require new shooters to watch a video about basic firearms safety and sign a waiver. I trust myself but I'm wary about some of the people that shoot here. It's surprising that it's easier to rent a gun here than it is to play paintball at one of the local fields. Conversely, I took their 7-hour CCW course that was on special and had a great experience. The instructor, J.R. Robie was extremely knowledgeable, funny, and an effective teacher. I would definitely take additional courses from him. In summary, this could be a terrific shooting range if the employees were trained better in customer service and they instituted better safety rules. They'd do well to replicate what Scottsdale Gun Club has going for it.
3	Good: It's a good range to start out with for new shooters. The other people can be friendly sometimes, and if you're nervous they can usually help you to relax. The range masters are good at watching for stupid stuff and give insightful pointers to inexperienced shooters.Bad: The wait times can be horrendous even on off-peak days, and the prices are steep. Not Really Bad, but Sort of Comical in Retrospect: They forgot to charge me once for ear protection when they rang me up. I had their theft alarm go off on me as I was leaving and could feel all eyes on me (around 30+ people). As a person who is honest and has social anxiety, that was not fun in the least. I was surprised no one pulled a gun on me thinking I was robbing the place.Other Thoughts: One hour on the range goes by fast. I've since switched to going out to Usery Gun Range (just North-East of the 202). They give you unlimited range time for $7, and targets are $0.25 a piece. They've got about 40-50 lanes, and the people there are amazing. It's a bit of a drive and it's outdoors, but other than that I love it.
4	My Dad has been a member here for years and I really enjoy going on ladies days. Every Tuesday and Friday, ladies get free range time and a free gun rental. I have never used the gun rental because I have plenty of my own and if I want to try something I don't own, chances are that my Dad does. :) They have a great selection of guns and I have always had a great experience here.
3	Took my older brother shooting for the first time here. Having just moved to Arizona finding a good range is on my top to-do list. Caswell is by no means a horrible range. I liked it in fact compaired to other locations I have been. It took me but a second to get everything I needed from the front counter to start my brother off on sending his first rounds downrange. My only complaint is that caswells is a bit on the tight, closed in space list and I felt I did not have adequate room to comfortably situate my self and my brother to shoot. Other than that I cant complain, fun shooting!- Note if you have kids and want to introduce them to shooting.. look for a different range, with a much greater space to do your thing. This would not be my first pick if that is one of your goals.
1	I have been to Caswell's probably 10 times in the past and about 3 years ago I stopped going. I have shot there but never bought there. Every time I have gone there, however, I am never greeted or asked if I need help. Their staff is condescending and when you do ask for help, they seem like you are wasting their time. Last time I went, I was open carrying, I always carry concealed or open, I was planning on shooting so I was open carrying, and a gentleman asked me to un-load and case my pistol, I turned around and walked out to leave. The gentleman followed me into the parking lot and said "do you want me to show you how" loudly and condescendingly. That was it, I was done. I don't need shown how to secure my weapon and seems to me Caswell's doesn't trust their customers. No carrying in shooting range, please!
3	Ladies:  Don't wear cleavage shirts or you may get 'flash burns' from the hot shell casings.  ;-)  Regular t-shirt collars are fine but anything too loose or too low puts you at risk.This range has been my go-to range when I'm in the AZ area.  My friends and I like to take rentals for test drives when thinking about adding to our 'way too small' collection. Anyway,  In the last couple of years, the quality seems to have gone down at Caswells.  There is nothing in decent condition to rent and they are never renting anything I'm seriously considering buying.  Call me silly but, I don't want to pay a grand for something I've never gotten to shoot.The last time we were there drew the line for me.  It was my 1st ever 'ladies' night and there was another young girl in the lane next to me.  I thought it was super cool that she was there alone and not trying to impress a guy or something.  However, almost immediately, she started making me nervous.  She got a hot shell down her cleavage and danced around with her loaded handgun in her hand, trying to get it out.  (wear high collared shirts, ladies)  I literally grabbed her handgun and put it on the shelf, pointing down her lane.   When I glanced over another time, she had her handgun sitting on the shelf, but pointing over towards her neighbors, my friend and me.  I thought she was a newbie so we just started packing up to leave but as we started to go, she packed her handgun back in her own personal bag.  Wow.  So... I guess I'm on the search for a new range.  Wish me luck!Might see ya there.
1	Extremely packed. I've gone at 11 am on a Tues and STILL had hours to wait. Range officers are too overbearing. Range is cramped and there is no room to move. I am an extremely experienced shooter and they hovered like I was a noob with a rental. I won't be back.
1	We bought a Groupon for this shooting range as we have been thinking about buying a gun for a while now.  We were stoked to go and try shooting a gun to see how it went.  My boyfriend and I were both totally new to shooting/shoting range.  We walk up to the desk and the man at the desk asked if we had the Groupon because he saw me looking on my phone.  I said yes.  He all but short of rolled his eyes.  I tried to be very friendly and said this is our first time here, neither of us has ever shot a gun.  Worst attitude from this guy than I would ever expect from an employee.  The guy didn't even ask for my Groupon or say you get A, B and C and then you pay for D.  He says what gun do you want and points to this huge case of guns.  Mind you we told him we have zero experience with guns.  As which gun he would advise for a new shooter.  He gets a gun out, pulls on the various aspects-as I said I have never shot a gun so I do not know the names of all of the different pieces.  He gives us a box of ammo and the glasses and ear plus and says here you go.  My boyfriend and I both looked at each other like what are we supposed to do now?  He tells us the rangemaster will be in to answer questions.  So we walk in-totally not knowing what we're supposed to be doing-and there is no rangemaster or any employee inside the range to ask for help.  Wouldn't you think that you would try and help someone who tells you when they walk in the door that they have never handled a gun before?  I certainly wouldn't want someone handling a weapon if they didn't know what they were doing but hey that's just me.  So at this point I didn't even want to be there.  I honestly wanted to just leave but my boyfriend really wanted to give it a try.  So I went to the front counter and was completely ignored by all 3 employees.  Finally I was asked what I needed.  The rangemaster came in and showed us how to load the gun briefly but didn't show us anything else about this establishment.  I was so mad that I couldn't even focus on shooting or any other aspect of being there.  We saw the rangemaster a few more times but no one asked us if we needed any help or had any questions.  We were there about 20 minutes and then decided we were done.  When we left we were not asked how it went or if we liked the experience, we weren't thanked for our business or asked to come back again.  The staff literally acted like they were not happy about the Groupon promotion and madeus feel like idiots because we didn't know what we were doing.  We both left NEVER wanting to come back and not thinking we want to shoot a gun ever again.  Thank you Caswell's rude staff for ruining that for us.  Not to mention we were potential members-you could have sold us a membership, guns...all sorts of gear had you been friendly and offered to assist us.  This was really one of the worst customer experiences of my life and I am still in shock at the behavior of the staff.  This place was highly recommended to us but we will not ever be back and I will be sure to tell everyone how terrible this place is and to go elsewhere.
5	I want to thank Jim, the gunsmith. I brought in my Ruger Mark III for a cleaning. I can take apart and clean my other 2 weapons but the Ruger is not an easy gun to take apart. Jim took his time and walked me through the process of taking the gun apart and putting it back together. We went through the procedure 3 times until I was comfortable doing it on my own, all of this free of charge! This tutorial was unexpected as most shops would take the gun, charge you for the cleaning and return the weapon to you several days later. Thanks to Jim, I cleaned the Ruger on my own at home and can do so in the future. I've purchased a pistol here before and I also used the shooting range, both were positive experiences. Thanks, Caswells!
5	I didn't go here at first because of all the negative reviews, so I went to C2 tactical in Tempe.  BIG mistake!!!  C2 is awful.  After my poor experience there, I did go to Caswells.  I took my girlfriend whom has never shot before.  When we approached the counter, the staff helped her pick out a gun that she felt comfortable with.  We were shooting for about 20 minutes when a staff member came out and said, "it's kind of slow, if you guys want a free lesson..."  While I am an experienced shooter, I am not an instructor.  His 15 minutes with her not only improved her shot, but in my opinion, made her feel more comfortable with the weapon."  I will be going back this weekend with a few friends.  Caswells is definitely a friendly environment and in my opinion, very much recommended.
3	This gun range is tucked away behind a bunch of industrial buildings.  There's no way you'll find this place unless you have a GPS.  It's small relative to some of the others in the Phoenix area.  The selection of firearms to rent or purchase are average.  I expected to see a much larger selection.If I lived in the area, it would be adequate.  Good thing I don't.  I prefer to have more choices.The prices for purchasing a firearm are higher than a normal gun shop, but lower than C2 Tactical and the Scottsdale Gun Club.  The people here are very nice and informative.  Not too many gun accessories to choose from though.Overall, I'd grade it a C.Return Factor - 50%
1	Dog shit customer service, both over the phone and in store. Employees like to act as if they know everything and the customer knows nothing! Over priced and overrated! Will NEVER do business here again!
