5	Noted as "Hotel de Charme," Auberge de La Fontaine is so much more than just charm.  Everything from the extremely friendly and helpful staff, to an open help-yourself kitchen of cookies, cheese, crackers and tea, to cozy and clean rooms featuring simple, yet abstract and tasteful art, to the complimentary, homemade breakfast of pastries, fresh fruits and eggs, to the amazing view of the park, the Auberge is a quaint place to stay when traveling to Montreal.Located in the heart of Pleatau Mont-Royal, the Auberge is within walking distance to tons of shops, restaurants, museums and a metro station.  And if you can't find what you're looking for, don't hesitate to ask someone at the front desk to make a suggestion.  During our stay, the staff members went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable and relaxed.  And because we visited Montreal outside of the inn's peak season, the hotel let us upgrade to the master suite for what seemed like $20 extra dollars per day.  The upgrade was definitely worth it, as we gained access to the entire front roof deck with full view of the park, had a much larger room and had a Jacuzzi bathtub in the midst of it all.  The tub was used more than the deck, as it was about -2 degrees Fahrenheit during the majority of our stay, but the view of the snow-covered park was an added bonus.And though by hotel ratings, the inn only received three stars, I give it five for all aforementioned reasons and because if I'm ever in Montreal again, I will stay at the Auberge de La Fontaine.
3	The Auberge De La Fontaine is a nice, small hotel with a friendly hostel-type vibe.  We had a cute room on the third floor.  It was very private and quiet, although we were on the front of the building, we didn't hear a lot of street noise, or windows were open mostly.  We were so happy to have a view of the park and loved the hotel's location, in La Plateau.  The hotel offer access to a small kitchen and snacks until midnight and the staff is young, down-to-earth and friendly enough.  This was our first visit to Montreal and we were greatly relieved that we had not chosen a hotel in the touristy Vieux Port as La Plateau is not all that far away, just two stops on the metro.  We found great restaurants in La Plateau also.
5	This place was amazing! Me and my girlfriend spent a long weekend in Montreal to enjoy the sights and to attend the Igloofest. This hotel has the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever come across. They gave me directions, made reservations and even set up a package deal for the Igloofest. This included a great price for the hotel room, tickets to the igloofest, coupons for drinks and much more! We will definitely be returning very soon!
1	Do not stay here if you drive. They claim about free parking but they actually meant you have to find your own street parking, which is impossible to find since everywhere is being restricted. Don't trust Expedia if you are going through them. They will just screw you over with their "extremely kind" attitude and customer service.
