4	I found myself looking for a personal trainer last year and 1on1 came highly recommended. Two friends had worked with Chris (owner and lead trainer) and spoke highly of him. After having an initial consultation and describing what I was looking for in a trainer, Chris took me through a typical workout. It was really good - - a nice change of pace from the LA Fitness membership I had held for a few years. I signed up for 12 sessions at a time, opting to train 1 on 1 with Chris 3 times a week. I was initially nervous to try the boxing training, but quickly fell in love. I think everyone should know that this boxing training is for fitness purposes only. You will not be going head to head with any other people, which many assume would happen in boxing. The workouts I experienced here were always high intensity and adjusted to what my body needed and the results I desired. I found early mornings to be the best time to train for fitness as boxers tend to take over things in the afternoon. However, please know that Chris is typically flexible and accommodate any schedule. Also note that you don't have to sign a contract to workout here. You only pay for the sessions you want as you go which is very convenient.The only drawback to this place is that being this is a smaller, more intimate space, there are no locker rooms and only 1 bathroom. Changing can be a bit of a hassle so I would recommend coming to the gym ready to workout in your clothes. Also, bring water (though there is a vending machine with sport's drinks). I would highly recommend the personal training or bootcamp fitness classes with Chris. On top of being a passionate, personable trainer, he was always pushing me to give 110%. I think that those that can do, others get a trainer to help them along the way.
5	When I wanted to get in ultimate shape for my wedding, I knew I need a fun, varied and one-of-a-kind workout program. I found Chris at 1on1 Boxing Fitness through one of my friends. As a fitness enthusiast, I went in confident that I could keep up and not expecting much of a challenge. Evidence to the contrary. I left my first session covered in sweat and out of breath. The workout was non-stop and totally crushed my preconceived notions! The next day, muscle I didn't even know I had were sore. After 8-weeks of boxing, my arms are tighter, stomach is flatter and my legs look fabulous. If you're looking for a challenging but extremely effective workout, I highly recommend 1on1 Boxing Fitness.
4	Although I wouldn't consider myself uber fit, I do enjoy exercising through different types of workouts from Bikram Yoga to resistance training and hybrid boot camp type workouts.Doing both martial arts and boot camps in the past I was expecting a challenging but not necessarily a killer workout.  I was wrong!  Although boot camp type workouts are often challenging, I feel the classes are often watered down a bit to the level of the overall level of the group.  However, at 1 on 1 boxing, if the instructors feel like you can do more, they push you to do more.  If you the 10 pound medicine ball is too light, they'll give you the 12 or 15.  If you are slacking on punches, they get on you to punch harder.  I haven't had a workout yet that I walked away feeling unchallenged.What I do like is that the workouts vary from class to class.  Some days it's all leg work (which I hate, but usually means that's what I need to work on) to boxing drills to medicine ball work to old school skip rope, running and sit ups.  A big plus for me is that there is no cursing - including the music that's played.  I hate cursing and the disparaging comments that often come along with it.  Being vulgar doesn't make me feel more like a fighter.My only con is this.  I would like them to offer another option for their classes.  It seems it's just one deal with $99 for unlimited classes.  If they had a punch card type system at a reasonable price I would go for it.
4	this small gym tucked away in mesa is a great little gym for bootcamp style workouts. i had an online coupon for a couple of 1:1 kickboxing lessons and a couple of fitness classes. after each class, my abs were always sore. i only got one real boxing 1:1 and not really any 1:1 kickboxing, but i think it's because it's a boxing gym.during the times i was there, there were alot of young kids there training to be the next manny or sugar. they do really tough workouts, but a workout is only as tough as you push yourself!
5	Great place to work out!  Jerry has been great with the kickboxing skills!  He makes sure you are safe and still getting a good workout.  I leave drenched in sweat every time!
4	I worked out at 1 on 1 boxing for a bout 6 months and I loved it!  The pricing is reasonable although they really should offer a punch card for people who do other types of fitness and won't get much out of the unlimited plan.  They switch out their workouts and always keep you guessing. The workouts are challenging and I saw a significant difference in my body after only 2 months.  If you've never tried boxing I highly recommend it. It's a great alternative to regular cardio/weight training.I'd still be there right now but w/o air conditioning it's way too hot. I plan to return in the fall though
2	I was interested in taking a boxing bootcamp class, did some research and found 1on1. Their pricing is reasonable, they offer monthly memberships, and they have multiple classes a day. The workouts are tough, usually there's a combination of boxing, circuit training, and Crossfit type stuff. The regulars who go to the class I went to were fun and made it a good time. So why only 2 stars? When I started, our classes were ran by a young woman name Amy. Maybe it's just a style of training, but she always seemed completely disinterested or preoccupied with something else. Then a new trainer came, Justin, and he was much more involved and encouraging during the workouts. He listened to our feedback, modified the class occasionally to meet certain needs, showed us beginner versions of the exercises, etc. He was present and attentive. He'd throw in the occasional "good job" or "you're improving" along with the "push harder". Those types of details make the mentally/physically tough workouts something you keep coming back to.  But something happened. Justin stopped working there and it was back to Amy. And it was worse than before, she would run the class but be on her phone the whole time. Or she'd leave the room when we were doing a timed exercise and she'd have the timer! There were also those days where she would not play any music because she didn't want to listen to the radio. I'd especially look forward to the days when she'd tell us she designed that day's workout to make us throw up and proceed to sit on her butt the entire class on her phone texting/talking. She'd usually let us know that when she was training, she'd do what we were doing but 3x as hard, blah blah blah blah. I didn't realize all of this wasn't "normal" until I started at another boxing gym in the Valley.When I decided to not return they had started with a new trainer for the bootcamp class. He seemed to be running the bootcamp class and some other classes at the same time, so he was stretched thin. Perhaps the same thing happened with Justin. Anyway, I didn't stay to find out.
1	I was really excited to try a fun workout routine that would also do some damage. I showed up with a friend and two other girls who had made a reservation like the groupon specified. Well imagine our surprise when the trainer wasn't there. We made contact with him and he said to ask another trainer to get us started and he would be there soon.  You should know now, that he never showed up. Secondly, the other trainer is technically a part of anther company that shares the garage. So the poor guy was stuck with clients that didn't even pay for his services. But he was willing to keep us busy with running drills, a little weights and such, but nothing boxing related. (again not his fault) he was great. But I definitely returned my groupon because the 1on1 boxing instructor definitely didn't bother to honor his own conditions. I even called him the next day to confirm that he would be there and he said of course he would. So I mentioned that I was a part of the group from that morning when he didn't show up and he said "oh...well you were trained by (other trainers name)." I thought that was a poor excuse.
2	This place is bulls**t!!!! No one answers the phone, no one at the suite, no boxing trainers, no employees, and absolutely no costumer follow up for Groupon customers!!!! BEWARE GROUPON CUSTOMERS, save your time and money because the last 5 days of my life I spent chasing this supposed owner around I will never get back...there are plenty ofOther "real" boxing gyms out there that do appreciate a paying customer...
1	If there was a zero star rating I would've preferred putting that on here. I got a groupon for their 28 day bootcamp. The groupon said to call to reserve, which I tried doing for a full 2 weeks with no response EVER. I left voicemails, no replies. So finally I head over there to try and do it in person. The person there was extremely rude, unprofessional, and didn't help out one bit. To top it off, the place is a total scam. They try to make people sign up because they are herbalife distributors and try to push the product and make you sign up so they could have you buy through their pyramid scheme. The majority of positive reviews on here are herbalife people who just rate it so people curious about the place would sign up as well and end up in the lower rankings of these peoples pyramid scheme.So please, if you are someone who is trying to life healthier and better, DO NOT waste your money on this place... it's a SCAM... Thank you.
