5	This place is awesome.  If you like Greek Salads, this place has the best one in town, in fact it's prob the best one I have ever eaten.  This is a great place to go for lunch or dinner, but it is def. more expensive for dinner.  All the traditional Greek specialties are delicious, and they have some great pasta selections.
5	Very good!
5	My favorite place in Charlotte for a unique meal!  GREAT in the evenings especially for a special occassion like Valentine's Day and a great wine list.  If you aren't up to the buck - you can go for lunch and experience the same food for much cheaper and at a more reasonable portion size.Very authentic, my boyfriend is Greek and he gets along famously with the wait staff.  Also, order the flaming cheese because they light it at the table...wonderful atmosphere and great experiences each time I go to Greek Isles.By the way, try something different each time - you'll always be pleased!!!
4	An authentic Greek restaurant. The food is very good for a Charlotte Greek restaurant. If you go for lunch definitely do a lunch special, it is tasty and inexpensive. If you have a friend with you that you want to impress or just want to treat yourself go for the flaming Greek cheese appetizer; presentation is a little cheesy but the taste is terrific.
5	best greek salad i have ever had and its not even close.  i would pour that dressing on my cereal if it were socially acceptable.
4	Wow. We got to Greek Isles at 12 pm for lunch today. By 12:35, we were heading out the door. The service was that efficient. The waiters were very friendly and attentive, and our food arrived right after we ordered it. I liked the Mediteranean chicken (a BIG plate of food that included potatoes, green beans and bread), and my boyfriend was a fan of the chicken salad.The restaurant is nice, but not super-fancy. It has a chill atmosphere that's occasionally interrupted by the excitement of cheese being lit on fire at the table next to you.
5	Whenever I go to Greek Isles, I get sad. Not because of the food, but because this giant place is never that packed--and it should be! It's like a warehouse inside, but the place is done well, with nice decor and a real theme. There's a small deck outside that's great for warm nights with friends. I love the food--very authentic and incredibly fast, despite the high quality. Try the Mousaka and the Greek salad (which comes with a block of real Feta cheese...MMMMM). If you're there for lunch, get a gyro or try to the lamb, which isn't too expensive despite being lamb. Whatever you do, just go to the place. I'm fearful that it's not gonna make it, and it should. Great people, great food, great service.
3	Before Greek Isles, I don't think I'd ever been to a completely Greek restaurant before, so I was looking forward to experimenting.  We entered and thought the inside decor was kind of cheesy.  It felt like a throwback to my 90s apartment decor with the columns, Greek statues, etc.  Granted, I don't know what I was expecting being that it was a Greek restaurant, but it just felt weird.  We chose to sit outside because it was a decent night.   We started with a combo appetizer.  Everything was pretty good and the combo contained things I had sampled before at festivals, except for the grape leaves.  Ick.  They were bitter, even stuffed.  At least I know I don't like them now.  The chicken entree was pretty good, but the service wasn't great and we waited a lot.  I think our server forgot about us, being outside and all.  Lastly, I couldn't go home without some baklava for dessert, so I enjoyed that to the very last crumb (you can hardly go wrong with baklava).  I'll probably give Greek Isles another chance at another time, but I can't say that my first experience really stood out and made me shout with glee, "Hey, let's go back!"
2	Still no true Greek restaurant in Charlotte. This place serves below average to average Greek and non-Grecos eat it up. Those who know better won't eat here...try Ilios Noche instead (not a full Greek menu but they know what they're doing).
4	Hands down the best moussaka and domaldes I've ever had in my life!  This restaurant is super cozy and the wait staff is very genuine.  If I am in Charlotte on an extended stay I always drop in!
5	I am not a Greek food connosiseur so I can't really compare it to other restaurants.  The only Greek food I'd had was a gyro and a Greek salad - so pretty inexperienced in this cuisine; and therefore, my opinion may not count for much.I must say I really loved this place.  Nice casual relaxed atmosphere.  Friendly courteous staff.  The food was simply fantastic.  Ordered hummus & tzatziki appetizers which were both very good.  Pita bread was soft and fresh.  Greek salad was as good as I've ever had.  Mousaka was fantastic.  Pastitsio was excellent with a nice cinammon taste.  Had baklava for dessert which was simply wonderful (although a stronger coffee to go with it would have been nice).If there's better Greek food around, I'd sure like to try it because this place was instantly one of my favorite places to eat.
3	Was recommended and tried.The food was good, including the fried smelt appetizer.  Portions were ample.  Prices not too out there.HOWEVER, the cocktails order were SO  subpar.1.  I ordered a orange-vodka tonic, which was primarily tonic, and when I say primarily, i mean 85%.  2.  My husband ordered a Bombay Sapphire martini....it came out in a highball glass with ice and some water.  He told me it wasn't Sapphire, I tried it and it most certainly wasn't.  Trust me, we have it and 2 other gins at home...we know the difference.  Yet they charged us for Sapphire AND a martini drink when it wasn't.Do they just think people won't notice?!?!?!  Most def would've come back for the food, but their poor bartender and/or cheap ways have checked them off the list going forward.The things people will do to not stay in business.
3	My friends and I went to Greek Isles tonight.  I have never eaten Greek food so I was really looking forward to trying this place.  When we entered, all I kept thinking about was how stereotypical the decor of the restaurant was. It just screamed cheesy and scenes from 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' kept popping into my head but the manager was SO FRIENDLY and welcoming.We ordered a dish that is similar to a gyro but was called something else on the menu that I cannot remember.  However, it was delicious. The grilled chicken was seasoned perfectly and the pita bread was warm and not too crispy.  Unfortunately, our dishes did not come with that much feta cheese.  There were a few sprinkles of feta on the side of our plate.The seating is very comfortable and everyone is in an open space with no separate sections. Yet, there is (limited) outdoor seating.Overall, I enjoyed the place and the ambiance but I do not see myself going back.
3	A last minute decision about what to eat sent my husband and I looking for a restaurant since neither of us wanted to cook at 9pm. We started driving towards Dilworth since we know there are great places for food in that area. I looked for some advice on Yelp and it directed us to Kabob Grill. However, Kabob Grill has changed their hours of operation and close by 9pm. By that time we were in the mood for Mediterranean and nothing else would suffice.We made our way to the Greek Isles. You can park in a parking lot across the street from the restaurant. They have a parking lot attendant there; however, as long as you eat at the restaurants there you do not have to pay. In addition, it is conveniently located near a LYNX stop so you can park (not pay by showing the attendant your receipt after the meal), eat at a restaurant, leave your car and take LYNX to Uptown...if you wanted. The restaurant has a nice atmosphere. They have renovated an old warehouse and turned it into a spacious, nicely decorated restaurant. The service was great: very friendly and speedy.The food was mediocre...not anything very delicious and not horrible. Based on a previous review, we ordered the Mousaka (reminded me of a Mediterranean-type lasagna) and a gyro. The gyro was tastier than the Mousaka, but it wasn't served in wrapped form. Both entrees were approximately $15.I was very surprised that they did not have vegetarian selections. For the price per entree, I would expect higher quality of food and a greater selection (e.g., vegetarian options). The perk was the service! I will definitely try other Mediterranean restaurants (as long as they are open).
5	Great service and amazing Greek food! This place is fantastic! Once we went here to eat dinner before my in-laws flew home and we got there a half hour before the restaurant was supposed to open. The owner invited us in anyway and brought us drinks himself while his staff got the place ready for the night. It was a great meal and I continue to go there often.
4	Excellent Greek Food!  The people are very welcoming!  We very much enjoyed our dinners.  The atmosphere is nice in a very Greek way.  The Greek salad was super and the lamb is out of this world!  We enjoyed everything over all!
3	Ate here again & was quite disappointed this time.  Perhaps it was because it was late (around 9:30) & our food wasn't recently prepared but warmed with heating lamps.  I don't know.  The mousaka was mediocre when before it had been fantastic.  We had the "taste of Greece" entree which had a little bit of a lot of things, & everything was just OK but certainly not great.  The only thing that  was  wonderful again was the Greek salad.I don't like inconsistent restaurants & hope this place doesn't fall into that catergory.  If this had been my first visit to Greek Isles, I may not have come back.
2	I have been coming here for a few years. It used to be one of my favorite places to eat in town. I would actually crave the food at this place. But, over the past year I have noticed that the quality of the food is diminishing and items are disappearing from dishes. The portabella pita used to come with pasta salad, feta cheese and a tomato with greek dressing. On my last few visits the feta was non-existent on the plate and the portalbella pita itself was pretty disappointing. The saganaki is now served with 2 very small pieces of bread, which is not nearly enough to finish the dish. I always have to request more. A few visits ago I had the spanakopita and I wasn't even able to finish it. It was a soggy gross mess. Service always was and still is pretty damn good. No complaints there. I wish they would fix whatever it is that is causing these inconsistencies because right now I am in no rush to return and that makes me sad.
3	Definitely not the best chicken or lamb gyros that I've had, but I was craving it badly. Service is great!
4	I visited a friend of mine in Charlotte (I live in Oakland, CA), and we decided to have dinner here.  It was pretty tasty1  Being in a different part of the country that doesn't cater to food allergies like CA does, I tried to make things simple enough for the waiter.  I told the guy I was allergic to wheat, and that any bread was out.  I ended up getting a side order of dolmas and a side order of gyro meat.  To me, the dolmas tasted more like the stuffing you'd find in stuffed peppers, except wrapped in grape leaves, but they were still pretty good!  They gyro meat wasn't the most awesome thing, but it wasn't too bad either.You need to be knowledgeable about what is gluten-free and what isn't, but it's do-able!
5	So I meandered across the street to this restaurant after noticing how wonderful it always smells (as I live next door)..I LOVE Greek food but haven't found anything remotely close to my personal favorite in my hometown some 700 miles away...This was not the same - as the cooking styles are quite different but I will say I was super impressed with the lunch I had.We started with the hummus -served on the best pita bread I have ever had. Light, fluffy, warm, fresh- all the things you could want out of pita bread. The hummus itself was sooo delicious -again probably some of the best Ive had. For my entree I had the lamb Gyro. The meat was so flavorful! The tzatziki sauce ( a personal favorite of mine) rivaled my homemade version. The chips on the side were homemade- I thought this was an interesting side dish for a Greek meal but really enjoyed them nonetheless. The place is way bigger than it looks and is nice  inside (has an open kitchen- which I always like).  Even better the two gyros and appetizer were only $20 - very reasonable! I will be visiting again shortly!
5	My husband and I LOVE Greek food. Especially AUTHENTIC Greek food. The Spanakopita is wonderful.  The Moussaka makes you feel like someone's Greek grandmother is in the kitchen cooking JUST for you. I love getting Saganaki, but usually don't order it when at a Greek restaurant because of the bad experiences I've had with getting a mouthful of alcohol.  Greek Isles has got lighting the Sagano down to an art form.  The drink selection is wonderful.  I love the coffee (who doesn't love Greek coffee) and the desert menu is phenomenal! I would recommend this joint to anyone looking for an authentic Greek experience. It's truly the best Charlotte has.
4	I have lived most of my life in Europe, mostly Athens and London. This restaurant is good. The food would be considered generally average in Athens and probably a little above average in London. However, I am not a huge Greek food fan.  One person mentioned that moussaka was like a Mediterranean lasagne. Well, surprise, it is. It is only cooked with egplant instead of pasta. It is strange that those from large cities like NYC and San Francisco compliment the place and those from the local area criticize it. I suppose that if you compare Greek food to what you usually eat at home, it won't be good for you. But, if you like Greek food and compare it with other Greek places, you will see that it might not be the best but it is certainly comparable to that in the motherland. It is a good place to go with friends in a casual setting, and the price is pretty reasonable. Don't compare, just enjoy the food.
3	I have been here several times for dinner and most recently this past Friday for lunch.  I am boring and usually get the same types of things - gyro platter or sandwich which is very good.  If you are going to dinner here you have to get the Flaming Cheese - I cant remember what the proper name is for it but it is fantastic and they light it on fire at your table!!  The service has been slow for dinner and we always correlate that to the gorgeous young waiters and waitresses which we say are too busy to wait on us cause they are in the back making out with each other!  haha! But for lunch service was super quick for our large group and no complaints about anything.  The gyro platter comes with these great thick potato chip-like things which are great!!
5	I moved from Charlotte almost 2 months ago and I miss Greek Isles. In the two years that I lived in Uptown I must have visited here about 6-7 times and I didn't discover the restaurant for almost 6 months after moving to CLT it was also my last meal before I moved to the midwest. Faves- you can't go wrong with the Taste of Greece. If you like lamb, the Youvesti is definitely well worth it. The butter they serve with the bread is so tasty- its a homemade garlic/herb/onion flavor. The horiatiki salads are amazing, incredibly fresh! The loukamades are just outstanding. All of their dishes are reasonably priced. Service can be a bit spotty at times, but all in all a great place that I miss!
4	Great lunch spot!!If you work or live in the area you should try it out! The decor could use some updating but its a family run business and the service is always good and friendly the managers come by and check in, they make you feel welcomed!! They have really great lunch specials daily. The Stuffed Tomato and Pepper is my favorite but you have to make sure you get there early otherwise they are all out by like 12:30!! The Gyro is another one of my favorites along with the Saganaki which is the cheese they light on fire by your table ask for pita with it!! I also like the Avgolemono Soup i's a lemon orzo soup with chicken!
4	Excellent Greek food.  I had the gyro, very tasty, service was good, chocolate cake was amazing.  Didn't try the baklava but I definitely will next time.  Sampled the filet minion kabobs, which were also fantastic, perfectly done.Appetizers were great, I recommend the flaming cheese. (yes, they set cheese on fire!)Portions are large, we could have easily split any of their entrees.
4	Great place!  I've been to Greece and love Greek food.  This was superb -- excellent appetizers, it was so hard to choose just a couple to leave room for the main course!  Portions for the main course were large.  I tried the "Taste of Greece".  My favorite in that sampler was the gyro.  The drink service was a little slow; perha
2	This review is based off a to-go order, and the rating has been altered as such. Had I this experience while in the dining room, this rating would be a one.Greek Isles is not far from where I work, and a collegue had mentioned it as a good place for tasty foodstuffs. I downloaded their menu and saw things on there that made me instantly say yum. Since it's rather close and I had no doubt that if it was good I'd be going back, I decided to start off with a good Greek food gauge: the Gyro. I put in my order, which I was told would take about 10 minutes.Note that while I didn't have a full service experience, the ladies who handled my to-go order were classy and sweet. I'm sure that I'd have a great experience in their dining room if I got the same people.Upon bringing the gyro back to the office, I discovered a huge portion, which was good, but the meat was cold (not luke-warm, just cold, like it had been in a fridge). As a result, the grease from the shaved meat had congealed, and the meat left a waxy texture in my mouth (never good). Also, there was very little seasoning, so all I could taste was waxy grease. There was more meat than anything else (I actually left half of it off just because it wouldn't fit into the bread), and this would have been great if it had tasted good.All the more surprising was that the tzatziki sauce just tasted like yogurt. Yes, I know, it is a yogurt mixture, but it usually holds an abundance of cucumber and mint flavors that makes it so irresistable. Plus, there was one small container to go on an entire huge gyro. I wish I had two more containers of it, tasteless though it was.It came with some thinly sliced potatoes that were fried crisply, and would have been absolutley amazing... if there were some more seasoning on them. Like everything about the rest of the meal, these were also woefully underseasoned. On a more positive note, the cheese and veggies were tasty and fresh, and the gyro bread was grilled to perfection. I gave this two stars because I'm pretty positive I got a dud on the meat, so my only heavy criticism was that there wasn't enough seasoning, resulting in a rather flavorless gyro. Because this place is in such close proximity AND there were many things on that menu that sounded absolutely amazing, expect me to be back with what I hope as a more positive review.
4	I'm updating this review between stuffing mekonos pasta into my mouth, so this might take a while. It's very, very good. The dud gyro I received in the past has been forgotten. I got a piping hot order of Mekonos pasta ready to go, with salmon on the side (it's not an option on the menu, but they did it for me because I asked, those awesome people!). Had to wait a bit for the order, but we hit it during a crazy lunch rush, so I can't really blame them. Plus in the light of fantastic food, my crankiness is forgotten. I am not a pasta person, but for some reason I was just kind of feeling it today. I am glad I was feeling it. The mekonos pasta is flavorful, the sauce was spiced perfectly with just the right amount, and the seasoned spinach and cherry tomatoes in it were great. Also, a perfectly cooked and seasoned 6 oz. salmon fillet for $4.50? BALLIN'. My friend got the Greek salad, which I didn't see. But she messaged me from her office and told me that it was inhaled. And delicious. I won't say disregard my other review, because I don't think I'll be ordering a gyro here again any time soon... but I'll probably eat everything else on the menu. Since these have all been for to-go orders, I might have to give this place a 5th star once I get a service experience.
4	Confession - I have lived just a few blocks away from Greek Isles for the past 2.5 years and I *finally* had a meal here. Why did I wait so long? I have NO idea, because the food was delicious & the service was top notch.Hubs & I rolled in here on a random weekday evening and, I have to say right upfront, our sever Alan was just delightful. Seriously - one of the best servers I've have in Charlotte. Polite, helpful, funny & efficient. Awwwesome.Greek Isles, inside, looks very Greek. Dur. Lots of Parthenon references, mini Greek sculptures & frescoes, and a trellis with grape leaves twisting about.  The menu is pretty standard, upscale-ish Greek with tasty standards like Gyros, Saganaki, Baklava, Spanakopita, Moussaka, etc. Price wise expect pita sandwiches in the $8-$10 range and dinner entrees from $12-$18. And, on Wednesdays, they offer a select menu of half priced bottles of wine (you can cork it and take it home if you don't finish it) - sweet! Here's what I ordered:Saganaki: 4.5/5: Flaming cheese, my friend, Flaming cheese. Delightful, just delightful. Tasty, flavorful and cheesy. Get it, now. Gyro pita: 4/5: Classic gyro done right. A nice portion of gyro meat (lamb/beef combo, I believe) well spiced and stuffed into a toasty pita with your toppings nestled around it. Onion, tomato, and perfect tzatziki sauce. Galaktoboureko: 2/5: Dessert time - I think I just choose poorly. This lemon custard & filo dough combination looked delectable on the food cart, but it fell way short for me. The hefty slice sits atop a bed of honey which only contributed to the overly sweet taste. Plus, I wasn't a fan of the custard texture...I expected smooth custard, and this one was a bit grainy. Regardless of my dessert experience, I loved the rest of my meal at Greek Isles & it won't be long until I head back there!
3	Having a Gyro craving today- could not be satisfied due to the fact that they close everyday from 2:30 - 5 what the heck!? 5 star review just downgraded a bit...
3	Finally headed to Greek Isles after living within walking distance for years. Definitely a family-run place and you can tell by the regulars that they take care of their customers time after time.Started with the flaming cheese, and like most have mentioned, was really good and starts the meal off with a flame! :) I ordered the spanakopita (huge portion) which is one of my favorite Greek dishes. I also tried the wife's gyro and it was really good! For dessert we tried the lemon custard cake (description not exact) and it was disappointing, but oh well.The service was excellent and all in all; a solid 3 for me. I'll definitely be back for a gyro!
4	Went here for the first time for Sunday Lunchie with a gaggle of vegetarians and vegans, and thought to myself, sitting under the vaulty, flag-draped, vine-ensconced ceiling, bluish light filtering in through the huge windows, "I'm late to this little Partythos, and I must eat a pound of flaming cheese to compensate".I did, and it was fab - salty, fatty, and just the right amount of stinky to make me want more without frying my cheese-buds. Telios.There was plenty to choose from - pastas, apps, sammiches alike - for the veggies, but the vegans struggled (to the point where someone had to send a cheese-laden Porto Pita back, which returned to the table with oil marks from where they'd scraped the pasta salad off the plate...). Still - presentation, service, flavor, and environs, Greek Isles has it all covered, stylishly, without any prissiness.Pricey? A tad. But portions are mega, flavors distinct. Fresh bread and honey goat cheese butter, complimentary, are lovely. Salads are a tad bland, I ended up salting mine 'round the bend, but hummus comes out a tiny, fluffy rose, and the pita that accompanies everything tastes homemade. We were told that next time, with a bit of notice, they could vegetarian-i-fy even more of the menu - Moussaka, anyone? One of my favorite moments was noticing the table next to us - 8-10 well dressed, gracefully aging Greek men, and there's the guy that owns Liberty East, there's the Skyland Family Restaurant dude, a mini-meeting of CLT's Greek Diner minds. Awesome.
4	We had the pleasure of eating here on a trip to visit family in Charlotte.  The service was great and the server did a great job of describing the specials and answering questions about the menu.  The Taramasolata and the Avgolemono soup were very good!  No negative comments except that when we wanted to order dessert, our first pick was the Baklava.  We were told that they had run out, but as we were leaving the restaurant, we saw Baklava in the refrigerated case at the front of the restaurant...a little bit disappointing and confusing.  Overall, a great pick for Greek fare!
5	Great food/service/value!  Went with my wife for dinner on vacation and was amazed by this restaraunt.  The service was by far one of the best I've had at any restaraunt.  I don't think I ever got more than three sips out of my water before they refilled it.The food was a nice compact but diverse menu.  For appetizer we had the sampler and everything was good, especially the pita bread.  For main course my wife had the sampler and all of their Greek specialties were prepared great.  I had the Aegean chicken which was very flavorful.  Overall a great experience would definately go back!
4	Checked this place out this past weekend. Service and food are magnificent. Started out with their Tzatziki and pita. So fresh and best I've ever had. For the main course I went with the classic Gyro. Amazing. Again, fresh and best I've ever had. Their Baklava and Galaktobouriko are delicious. You get complimentary Loukoumades (donut holes) if you go on Sundays :)
3	Good Moussaka!
2	Just like it says, Meh.We tried this place out cause it was close.  I don't know much about Greek Food so please disregard my review if you're an expert.  It was cheap martini night so I ordered a Key Lime one.  It tasted like Malibu and kool aid mixed together, no good.  The place was dead so I felt like we had to order one of everything to keep the doors open.We had the flaming cheese appetizer, I'm sure it has a fancy name that I don't remember.  Cheese is my very favorite food so I thought it was good.We then had the sampler platter of a bunch of different stuff, there was stuffed grape leaves, spanikopita, slouvaki, and a few other things.  My husband knows more about greek food than me and said it wasn't very good.  I just thought I didn't like the flavors of the food but maybe it was bad preparation.We tried the baklava for dessert, my Mother in law taught me how to make this delicious treat and even though I'm a total cooking dunce sometimes mine is better.Verdict- not so good.
5	I was very pleased with the Greek Isles.  I found the service to be excellent.  They had a good bar which was good because we had to wait on a table on a busy Friday night.  The food is the real deal.  Everyone in our party was very satisfied and I will be sure to go back the next time I'm in Charlotte.
4	After hearing good things about the Greek Isles I had to give it a try. The food and service were very good. I wasn't crazy about the flaming cheese app that I heard so much about but I'm glad I tried it. I would definitely visit this place again.
4	Today was my third dine here and third Gyro Sandwich, third lunch here (when am I going to break routine with this place?  Probably next dine).Great Service! Fast and Friendly! Here's the Wrap - Gyro: Beef and Lamb thinly sliced, Tomato, RED Onions (red is a plus), Lettuce (non-Iceberg another plus), Feta, wrapped (once I assembled everything) in a Pita and two side of Tzatziki, with "Greek Fries" (thin, not from a bag Chips).  Everything was real good!
1	Okay, I thought I liked this place after I ate there one time for lunch and the food was pretty good. Then, I went for dinner with my husband and a friend who was visiting, and WHAT A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE WE HAD! My friend ordered the gyro dinner which was overpriced, dried out (go to Showmars for better gyro meat), and came with cold potatoes. I got a pasta dish which was bland, and my husband ordered a 16 ounce Ribeye cooked medium, except it was more like 8 ounces and well done. Still, we were enjoying each other's company as well as the tacky, Greek decor, so all was not lost....until....I asked the waiter if they have creme brulee because I thought I saw it on the menu. He said yes, but then brought out flan instead. When I told him that I ordered creme brulee, he said, "Oh we don't have that here. We have creme caramel." Okaaaaayyy, well, I asked if they had creme brulee, he said yes (God forbid he bring me a dessert menu), so I ordered it. I actually like flan usually and would have been fine with it, except it was spoiled/curdled/old, basically inedible. Still, though, everything would have been okay if after I sent it back the OWNER of the restaurant did not run up to our table with the flan yelling at us that he couldn't sell this dessert with a bite missing! He then went on to say that we should have paid attention to the menu!!! What menu? The one I looked at an hour ago before appetizers, wine, and dinner? The waiter never brought us dessert menus and told us they had creme brulee!!! I have been in this business for over 15 years and never, ever, have I seen an owner yell at guests like that because they sent something back! That jerk embarrassed me, my husband, our guest, and most of all himself with his insanity and I will never be back for that bland, overpriced food again. Once again, GO TO SHOWMARS for better Greek food!!!
4	I've lived in Charlotte for years and I really regret not having made my way to the Greek Isles sooner!Between the two of us we tried the:- Flaming Cheese (superb)- Grilled lamb chops (succulent and probably the best lamb chops I've had State side)- Moussaka (good but not great)- Baklava (lovely)- Greek donuts (again, good but not great)The service was spot on and I'll definitely be heading back.
4	Excellent food at reasonable prices!  My (sometimes hard to please) father had the lamb and he was impressed.  It looked amazing.  My mousaka and green beans were delicious.  We didn't have dessert, but I'm making a special trip back just to try some of those!
4	I like Greek Isles.  I feel like, if I were from Greece, this is the type of food that my mom would make; unpretentious, tasty, comfort food.  My only gripe is that, since I got a new job, it's now a longer train ride to get down there, so I'm not able to frequent it as often.I like the restaurant ambiance.  Dark and cozy, with paintings of Greece adorning the walls, faux grapevines hanging everywhere.  It's very convenient to the lightrail, just off of Bland Street station.I can only speak to the lunch service.  If you work just outside the 277 loop, it seems like this is the go-to spot for lunch.  The service is always quick, even during peak lunch rush hours.  The food is reasonably priced for what you get.  That being said, I feel like they could jazz up their flavors and plating a little bit.  Having never been to Greece, I cannot say whether or not these are authentic Greek flavors that are served in this restaurant.  However, in my experience, Mediterranean food is known for eye popping color on the plates, as well as taste bud popping flavors on the palate.  I think of Greek Isles as a Mediterranean "meat-and-three" type restaurant.  Definitely nothing to complain about, especially for the value.  Just wish there was a little more effort in the dishes, thats all.All in all, a good spot for a quick, reasonably priced lunch.
4	I love Greek food, it is one of my favorite cuisines. I was lucky enough to travel to Greece a few years ago, so whenever I eat Greek food I compare to what I had in Greece. This place is one of the most authentic places I've been to in the U.S. and one of my fave places to go to when I'm in Charlotte. I went here yesterday for lunch, I had the beefteki sandwich with fries. The beefteki is ground beef, seasoned with oregano, mint, and other spices. The meat is incredibly tender and juicy. It's served on two pitas. The fries are thinly sliced potato rounds, these were nice and crisp. We also ordered the loukoumades for dessert, these were covered in honey, powdered sugar and cinnamon with a sprinkle of walnuts. Everything I've eaten at this place is delicious, definitely a place worth going back to.
4	Very good food, excellent service.   My wife and I both got the Gyro and shared a hummus plate.  They brought us more flat bread for our hummus when ours ran out (without us asking) and when we were done brought us complimentary Loukoumadre to try.  They were also delicious.  The ambiance was a little cheesy, but I liked it.
4	I love this restaurant!  The food is fantastic!  Just thinking about this place makes my mouth water.  I love getting the flaming cheese, especially if we are going with someone that has never been!The service is great and I like the atmosphere as well.  Just beware...you may leave stuffed!!!
4	Great Greek food. Truly excellent. Terrific service from an attentive and friendly waiter. I took my mom here and she had the Greek salad as her main and the flan for dessert. When the waiter started listing the specials, I stopped him after the first one - a seafood pasta with shrimp, scallops and a white wine sauce. It sounded excellent and it was very delicious. He had to bring us two more baskets of bread so that I could soak up all of that great sauce!I had no idea there was Greek beer but I had one here - something called Mythos in a bottle that tasted like Heineken. It was great with the pasta.Parking at Greek Isles isn't usually a problem. They have a private reserved lot that is just across the street. Or take the Lynx to the Bland station.One warning. What meal wouldn't be complete without something bursting into flame right behind your head? They serve some sort of special meal that gets a shot of liquor at the table for that special event. Opa!
1	Horrible!!! Don't even try, I got very sick after I ate there. I do not recommend. The service was amazing and the manager is a nice guy, but the food....Got to go.
5	Fantastic atmosphere, fantastic food and the people are very friendly! OPA to them Greek Isles is a definate must if in Charlotte!
4	Quite honestly, I didn't know what to expect when prompted to go here with the whole family.  Outside appearance really doesn't do this place justice.  It's not that the decor is ooh...la...la fancy, it's just that I didn't think it would be so spacious as it was.  I love the local feel of this place, you can really tell it's a family owned operation behind the scenes.My first meal here included the flaming cheese (to die for!) and the pork tenderloin.  All of it was fantastic.  There was a total of five of us and the wait staff was superb in making sure we were thoroughly hydrated and kept happy.  It really felt like we were already a part of the family the moment we sat down. PS...love the fireplace too!
3	The food is decent and always fresh but it doesn't justify the prices. The htipiti is excellent.
4	Yiasou Y'all.As a half-Greek girl, I wouldn't describe myself as any type of expert on Greek cuisine, BUT, I have had my fair share of it. I am a huge fan of "Greek style" eating, which I didn't know was a "thing" until my former roommate told me how "cool" the way my family ate was.  I suppose everyone eating off of each others plates is not the norm.   I love trying a little bit of this and that, tapas style!  Here is what I recommend, especially if you're into this cool way of eating:Saganaki: OPA! It's sharp, flaming cheese.  Literally, the waiter will light it on fire.  Soak up the delicious olive oil and lemon juice with your bread!Horiatiki Salad: This is a traditional Greek village salad.  No lettuce, but a wonderful combination of kalamata olives, tomatoes, salty feta, and cucumbers.  Octapodi: Ok, I might lose some of you with this one.  BUT, give it a shot if you're adventurous.  It is so delicious, smoky, grilled octopus.  It will melt in your mouth.Pikilia Appetizer: Pikilia just means combination.  I love the appetizer version as well as the "Taste of Greece".  It is a LOT of food.  My favorite item on the taste of Greece has to be the moussaka.  You will just get to try a lot of unique items by ordering the pikilia.  Those are my top Greek Isles picks!  I hope you like them as much as I do!
4	Pretty solid greek food that manages to justify it's upscale feel sort of.Their Tzaziki has a lot of grated cucumber. This is a real plus since I think a lot of joints are too lazy to do the grating. My Gyro plate was pretty good too, i thought the meat might have been a little too salty but the portions were more than generous.Their avgolemono was a little too sour for my taste but that's how it seems to be in most place.
5	After being recommended to stop by here on my recent trip to Charlotte, I walked over from uptown and enjoyed a delicious lunch.  I was dining alone so I ate at the bar.  Bartender was very friendly and I felt right at home.  I ordered a gyro sandwich and a sweet tea.  The sandwich came with some homemade chips that were excellent.  The sandwich was great; a nice portion of meat with tomatoes, lettuce, onions and tzaitki.  Usually I feel overwhelmed by the pile of meat provided to me in a gyro, but this was perfect.  Really great.  I think my bill was under 10 dollars.  For a tasty, fast, and friendly lunch, can't be beat.
3	Not really sure what to think of the place, so I'll land in the middle for now.The outside of the building is fairly bland. Maybe that's the street (it is on Bland, don't you know). The inside isn't a bunch better - it's almost a warehouse. The advantage is that there is a bunch of room, the disadvantage is that the flow is just all wrong.Since I don't claim to be an expert in Greek food, I ask for help on what to get. As with many places these days, the staff member helpfully says "everything is good". Lame. And it wasn't that the food was bad, just that I wasn't wowed. The flaming cheese is pretty cool - but after you have flaming cheese, it's tough to go anywhere but down.Maybe it's best to stick to the bar, have a few drinks and some flaming cheese? That would simply be difficult to top.
5	I don't know why this place isn't packed all the time. We had 4 courses and every one was fantastic. I am no expert on Greek food, I just know the basics. We started with the appetizer sampler for 2 and we almost fought over who would lick the plate. everything was good and the flavors all complimented each other. The Grape leaves were my favorite. We then had a Greek salad that was cold, perfectly proportioned and dressed with a very nice Greek dressing. entree for me was the sampler and my wife got the filet Mignon, all were very good, her steak was A+ tender and flavorful. we then had desserts of Baklava, something with custard in the middle of flaky pastry and Greek coffee. A great finish to a fine meal. Service could not have been better. We'll be back.
5	Very nice place -- we sat outside on a cloudy day to escape the noise of a full dining room. The patio is lovely with umbrellas and plenty of flowers, and a nice escape if the restaurant is crowded. Amazing flaming cheese appetizer. Try it on the bread they give you -- I could make a whole meal of it. We had pastitsio and the lamb chops. The pastitsio was perfectly done with a light tomato sauce on top -- wonderful! The lamb chops were tender and perfectly spiced. Both meals came with a tasty green bean and tomato side dish that was filling and a nice complement to the main dishes. The desserts were the best. I had a lemon custard which was light and amazingly delicious. My mom had a dessert that I cannot find the name of -- it had cut up phyllo on the bottom, drizzled with honey, with a vanilla-almond custard on top. That was my favorite, although they said it was a temporary feature, if you see it on the cart you should try it.The owner, Panos, came out and chatted with us during our dessert. He was very kind and funny and told us a bit of history of the place. It was fantastic and felt very personal. I definitely will come here every time I visit Charlotte.
4	Upon our recent visit to Fort Mill, SC to spend time with some family, we came upon the Greek Isles for dinner on our last night.  We have a favorite for Greek food here at home, but I have to admit this place is delicious!  The decor is very unique, and I did feel like I stepped into Greece.We ordered the Melitzanosalata appetizer to start.  It was my first time trying this, and I enjoyed it very much.  I'll definitely be on the lookout for it next time we go for greek food locally.As a baseline, I ordered the beef & lamb gyro with a Greek salad.  The salad was VERY good, everything tasted so fresh.  My husband and I ordered 1 side salad to share and we should have gotten one each.  When the gyros arrived, they did not come in the way we were particularly used to.  The pita arrives in triangles and you 'construct' your gyro the way you see fit.  The taziki sauce was so creamy, and they gave alot on the plate!!  The meat pieces were a bit large and hard to get onto the little pita triangle, so it was difficult to eat neatly.  After a while I gave up and just dug in.  While we didn't have any dessert, I wish we had room!  The gyro was so filling I almost burst.  I will definitely look forward to returning the next time we're on the East Coast!
5	Always awesome. One of my favorites.
2	Two stars because the decor is campy and the staff willing - "everything is good?" -ZERO for the food. BeckyM and her husband were spot on : the food is not well prepared. Even my 'oh, so easy to please' partner toyed with her food and admitted it's just not good, that's something! This is not good Greek food, or Greek-American, or Mediterranean and never mind authentic or not, it wasn't good cuisine period. Ok, the Saganaki was very good but it always is, fried cheese is a no-brainer. Here is the FAIL list: Tarama : I know it's home made because you can't buy a jar of Tarama this bland and tasteless.Htipiti: Feta with hot peppers. Like the dip your clueless neighbor serves at the BBQ, he got the recipe off a Feta container. Melitza : eggplant dip. Killed all the joy out of the eggplant in a way that I would have never thought it was possible. Take it out of the menu - now! Tzatsiki is ok nothing specialScordalia: simply cold potato with garlic.Spanakopita : I know Spanakopita and let me tell you, that's no Spanakopita! No it's middle of the road, brick of spinach and cheese kind of like a fat quiche. Where are the phylo leaves?I didn't send the food back, nor asked for a refund. I don't know how good this restaurant was in the past but right now I'd wager there's no one with a clue about Greek Cuisine working in that kitchen. Ordering Gyro at a Greek is like ordering Steak pommes frites at a French restaurant.  Even if it tastes GREAT .... you still don't know if the chef and his cuisine are any good.
4	Good, solid Greek food.  Family owned and operated.  Always VERY nice.  Get the flaming cheese!
5	First time here, tough I know it is a staple in SouthEnd.  Had the pastitsio, excellent.  Would definitely have it again.  It was served with some very tender green beans, which were also great.  Value was excellent, hefty portions at reasonable prices
2	I took my Mother here as a way to celebrate her last day in Charlotte. After going to many different restaurants here in charlotte, I decided we would go here to give her a taste of Greek. The service was good. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable of the menu he was selling. Beyond that, the experience was less then desirable. The wine we choose was not the wine we got. While the sample was flavorful, the bottle we ordered was not good. The stringent ting of vinegar relative to a bottle gone bad, was more than present.Our food, which did come pretty fast, was terrible. My lamb was dry and only saved by the gravy that saturated the entire plate. My green beans were cooked to a mush, and my potatoes had very obviously been in a hot pan for many hours.  My mother's dish was presented very beautifully. However, the dish was so bland that she would not even eat it. When our other guest got the "taste of Greek" so he can experience all the main dishes, he was more than let down.  I will not go through the entire list, but of 6 different samples delivered, the bread basket was the only thing good.  I will not go back. We left with a bill of over 98.00 for which I was left feeling robbed
4	Greek Isles is a lovely Greek restaurant located in Charlotte's historic South End. Lucky for me this is very close to my office. Last week I had a lunch meeting here and thoroughly enjoyed the above lamb special, offered every day during the week for $10.25. I opted to add a Greek salad also for $1.95 (not pictured), which was very good with high quality feta cheese. The lamb was juicy and covered in tasty tomato/onion gravy. Other lunch specials including braised lamb shank, oven roasted white fish and stuffed tomato and pepper are offered on various days of the week. The full lunch/dinner menu includes all of the traditional dips, the flaming cheese and traditional favorites like mousaka and pastitsio, among many other offerings. I like that this place is not loud and that the booths are roomy - great for actually talking with the person you are with! I look forward to returning to Greek Isles again soon.
5	If you get here between 5 and 7 on a weekday, you'll get amazing greek appetizers for like 3 dollars.  You need to try: any dip, the fried cheese.  (all half price)Come very hungry, and leave very full, very happy, and only around $10 poorer.
3	Pretty good place, with great appetizers, and entrees that you will probably be to full to eat by the time you eat your apps and bread.I have nothing bad to say about it, but for some reason nothing really draws me into this place.
4	Is it the same level as a place in Greektown Chicago?  No.  But is it still pretty darn good?  Yes.  We did a date night here awhile ago and enjoyed ourselves.  Decor is very Greekish, service was good, and they have their own parking lot which has about a Defcon level 5 security ensuring that only patrons of Greek Isles get in.Prices were in line with the food which we would put at above average.  You are looking at $40+ for 2 people for dinner here.  I believe I got the lamb chops because you know what they say:  once you go lamb you never go ham...ok nobody says that but it does rhyme so that counts for something.  But to me lamb is the quintessential Greek meat.  And I think my better half got the dolmades.  Both very good.  As usual we stuffed our faces and couldn't get dessert.We give it 4 gyros out of 5(and speaking of gyros if you want the best in Charlotte head over to the Little Village Grill in Third Ward)
4	I always seem to crave a gyro when the Greek isles is closed. With that being said when I do time my cravings correctly this is my first choice. I have never dined in here but I have partaken in my fair share of to-go food. Nothing quite like slow cooked meats wrapped in a pita to calm the savage beast. One day I will venture out early enough to actually sit and eat my food in this uniquely decorate restaurant. Still has a sort of mom and pop feel while serving up some killer food. If you are like me you find something and nothing else will do. This is that place. Do yourself a favor and go to the Greek.
3	I have been to Greek Isles several times now, and I do enjoy this place.  I have definitely enjoyed it every time I come here for lunch.  Dinner time, however, left me unimpressed both times I went in the evening.The things I love:Saganaki - Seriously, how could you not love something they set on fire at your table??  This is really a wonderful cheese dish.  The cheese is a little tangy and salty, like a creamier feta.  The lemon and the brandy really bring out the cheese flavor.  I get this every time I go.Avgolemono -It's a lemon, chicken and orzo soup.  It's usually a thicker, lemon broth with a lot of orzo and small chunks of chicken.  This is better the earlier in the day you come.Arni Psito - This roasted lamb is very delicious.  It's tender and flavorful, with that unique Greek seasoning to it.  This is another favorite dish of mine.Gyro - Their gyro meat is great, and this is one of my favorite places to get a gyro.  However, I feel like it's a little expensive for $12.95 at dinner.  It's about half that price at lunch, which makes it much more affordable.The service has been pretty good each time we have been here, and most of the servers have been very accommodating as I butcher the names of all their dishes.  I love the ambiance in here - it has a European look to it and is not too cramped.  Lunch prices are great.  Some of the dishes are more than $10 (like the lamb), but you get a lot of food and it's great quality.  However, the prices go up quite a bit at dinner, and both times I've gone, I have been incredibly disappointed in the quality of the food.  My soup was more watered down, the loukoumades were stale and chewy, and the food was not as good.So, for lunch time they get a 4/5, but dinner ranks about a 2.  I'll definitely keep coming back here at lunch time.
4	Only one of a few TRUE Greek places in Charlotte (meaning, a restaurant that actually specializes in Greek food). And thankfully, they do it right! Having lived in Chicago and Toronto (largest Greek community in North America), I'm fortunate to have tried a LOT of excellent Greek cuisine. I wish Charlotte had MORE to offer, but hey, at least we have the Greek Isles and the Mad Greek down the street (currently in Renovation). I just had to have the Gyros because they serve REAL gyros! Meaning, cut from the roasting spit....NOT that awful frozen Kronos meat that most places serve. My Aunt had their lamb chops and she got 6 small chops but they were very flavorful and done to HER liking (she's 85 and likes them well done [Oy Vey!] -  I'm a medium rare kinda guy thank you).Of course, no trip to a Greek restaurant is complete without Saganaki (the flaming cheese). Finished with Greek Rice Pudding.Overall a really good experience. The Owner came to chat with us and saw my "Taste of Chicago" shirt and yes, he too is from the Windy City! So he was very personable and made sure everything was to our satisfaction, which is definitely was.Definitely worth many return visits!
4	I went to and I have to say first impressions where not that good the decor  was somewhere between chic and tacky. However when I got my Ribeye I really liked it. For dessert I had the Greek doughnuts and I have no complaints about them. However it was very pricey. If you do go their get the flaming cheese! It is amazing I love it when they set it on fire and say Opa.
4	I finally tried Greek Isles last night, and thank god I did. The gyro platter was nothing short of fabulous. The tzatziki was perfect, the pita was warm and soft, and the meat was terrific. The platter also had a generous helping of fresh tomatoes, feta, and red onion and some Greek potoates. The service was very good, and our gyro platters arrived quickly. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other entrees.
4	Finally had a chance to get back to Greek Isles after a few years. I don't typically find myself in the area for dinner but an early dinner was beckoning and Greek food was just the ticket! Thrilled with the seating in this place. Let's just say there will never be a shortage. Huge bar area, booths, and other squaretops in the dining area. Rather high ceilings, too. Not a huge fan of all of the kitschy decor, but hey, it does add to the experience. One thing's for sure -- the food don't lie. We started with the hummus and htipiti (which I failed at pronouncing first time 'round) and were thrilled with both. The hummus -- smooth, mild, and served with seasoned pita. I really hope they are making that pita in house. It is some of the best I've had. The chew mixed with the toasted flavor was magic. The htpiti was equally wonderful. Blended hot peppers and feta. Might as well be a bull's eye. It housed just the right amount of kick. Both were so good we ended up eating the garnish lettuce that was served on each plate....since each had hummus/htpiti on it. Ravenous much? For entree choice, we split the Santorini. Fettuccine-style pasta, tomatoes, caprese, shrimp (on the side for me), olives, and fresh herbs. It was hearty, strong in flavor, and pretty concentrated. Splitting it between the two of us was definitely the right call as it was so rich and filling. Paired with the bread they serve pre-meal, it was sang the right tune for dinner. Also, don't miss the butter served with the bread. Has a great mixture of sweet/garlic notes in it. Wonderful. For the price (less than $30 for the two of us) and amount of flavor, Greek Isles is a win in my book. I hope to find myself in Southend for dinner more often. Looking forward to checking out lunch soon, too.
2	I have eaten at Greek Isles before and have always been very pleased with the food and serviced I have received. I ate there last night and while the food was good, the service was another story...First, I asked a question about the menu and the waiter grabbed the menu right from my hand. If you work in a restaurant, you need to know the menu. Period.Secondly, I asked for another beer while I was finishing up the first one. I had about 2 inches left of beer and the waiter tried to take it before I was finished.Lastly, I asked for a to-go box for my leftovers. The waiter brings it over and asks if I want him to box it for me. I said sure, thinking he is going to take my plate and box it in the kitchen. He lifts up my plate and boxes my food right at the table in front of me. Each individual incident isn't a huge deal but when you combine them all into one evening, it made for not the best experience.
3	Been to this place for the second time this afternoon to lunch with a great friend of mine who absolutely LOVES the gyro salad.  And honestly, I think it might be the best thing on the menu, at this point.  :)  Frank, the manager, who also tends bar and serves is really an awesome guy.  Very friendly and attentive.  The service is sometimes slower, so if you go on a lunch break (as I have been twice)--give yourself an extra 15 minutes to get back.  The pitas are soft and delicious and the tzakiki (?) sauce is garlicky and wonderful!  The chicken soulvaki is amazing and so is the greek salad (although the dressing is a little sweet for my taste).  For mediterranen fare, it's quite tasty and I'm willing to bet that I will be going back again.
2	The food here is awesome. I'll talk about that later on but the reason I gave it two stars is because of the service.Per their website ["Be Greek for a Week" Every Last Week of the Month. 3 Course Meal w/ Glass of Wine for $20.Call for Details. ]Great deal so I called last Wed (The last week in Feb) and ask the person who answered about the special. Yes, they are doing it and It is an app, entree and dessert plus a glass of wine. So I make reservations.When we arrive, I ask the waitress if there is a special menu for that deal. She says " We did that last week. I don't know why. I just work here." and walked away. Normally I would blow this off but I specifically called and asked before I made reservations and for the waitress to blow us off like that was just rude. Your right. You do work here and its your job to make your customers happy.Needless to say we went on and ordered off the normal menu. Our service continued to be unacceptable but the food was great even though we spent $30 more than we would have if we had the deal.  (Yes, its a great deal.)Sagnaki "Flaming cheese" - traditional sagnaki served with what seems to be Italian bread. The sagnaki itself is good but the bread is not. I always wonder why places don't serve it with pita.Pikilia "Taste of Greece"  - The perfect dish if you haven't been here before and want to try it all. It is definitely enough to split with someone.     Mousaka - Very traditional and always great.Pastitsio - This reminds me of a Lebanese dish I love. It was my favorite dish I had.Spanakopita - I have had the entree here before and if I remember correctly the entree is different than what is served on the taste of Greece.  The entree is much better.Gyro - Classic. They give you such a large portion of this in the taste of Greece.Dolmades - I normally do not like Dolmades as I am use to the Lebanese way of making stuffed grape leaves but these were awesome. The lime sauce that it was topped with was delicious.
5	Since arriving in Charlotte seven years ago (and discovering Greek Isles shortly thereafter), my wife and I have dined here at least 18 times.  We have never experienced anything but excellent, authentic Greek cuisine and unfailingly polite and attentive service.  This restaurant holds a permanent place in our rotation of preferred places to dine.  I am genuinely shocked that other Yelpers are reporting poor service.  In any event, based on our numerous personal experiences, we highly recommend Greek Isles.  A menu full of delicious food (not to mention excellent specials), fun and welcoming atmosphere, and high value.
5	How have I not reviewed this place!?  Well, let me get right on it and correct my oversight..For me, this is the best greek food in town.  I've tried a couple of other places, but for a sit-down service place, the Isles takes the cake, for sure!During lunch, I can't imagine not getting the Gyro lamb plate.  It's perfect and delicious!  At dinner, I can't for the life of me recall the name of the dish I get, but it's usually lamb and has this amazing blend of different grains in a creamy tomato type sauce.  Often served with asparagus.  Oh, now I can't wait to go back!The staff is always great and very friendly.  The decor is a little different but in no way takes away from the great atmosphere.  Never had a bad experience here!
4	This place is pretty cool. Love their bread and butter. I was told I needed to try their octopus app and it was delicious! We also ordered a Greek wine that was amazing. My friend got the filet steak kabobs and she loved it. I decided to try an entree that had a taste of everything Greek. I have to admit, I don't think I'm a fan of Anything but Gyro. It just didn't please MY palette; nonetheless, it doesn't mean the food was bad by any means... just not my thing. So here's def 4 stars for the experience and everything else I enjoyed. I would go back for something more basic and to try some dessert!
5	I love this Greek restaurant! The food is amazing and I love the ambiance! A must get is the sakinaki (flaming cheese). You won't regret it! Opa!
5	Well, after 11 years of talking about going to this place (shame on us), we finally did.  AWESOME.  We had a wonderful experience.  The food, service and location are perfect.  We chose a table on the patio, which is directly next to a more casual restaurant/bar that attracts more of a "bar crowd" as the night progresses, but Greek Isles was still able to create a nice ambience and a semi-upscale dining experience.  It's also fun watching the light rail whiz by.In order to get a full sample, we tried pan fried smelts (what neat little tiny fish appetizer that's just right with a squeeze of lemon) and the combination cold appetizer, which consisted of 5 spreads and unlimited pita bread (oh yes, I took a break from my reduced carb efforts for this meal).  The appetizer included light, creamy mild caviar, garlicky eggplant, feta and pepper, tzatziki, and herb potato spreads. After the cold plate, we decided to go for the hot app sampler. We were full and happy after spanikopita, sausage, meatballs, warm dolmas, and delicious roasted vegetables.  A bottle of dry Greek white wine was a great accompaniment.The service was attentive, but not overpowering. We didn't miss the overkill "Is everything still alright here?" brand of service we experience so often in local restaurants.  Oh....thank you, Greek Isles, for letting your patrons enjoy your wonderful food in peace.Bravo!  Opah!
4	always love this place. i ordered 3 entrees by myself every time i have business trip here. i enjoyed finishing them all by myself and also bought desserts to take out :)
4	Just like my numerous other visits, I had a great and affordable lunch at Greek Isles. Their daily lunch specials are very affordable and very tasty, and can be pretty healthy too. The portions usually result in leftovers.The presentation of the meal itself is always spot on, and it arrives at the table very quick allowing me to actually enjoy my food instead of rushing my lunch break. Highly recommended.
5	I cannot say enough about Greek Isles. My coworkers and I eat lunch about once a week. The food and service are consistently good. Get the Yemista (stuffed tomato and pepper) for Tues special but get there early or they run out. My favorite is the gyro salad. The chicken tips are also worth mentioning. There's something for everyone.
5	Great food! Excellent consistent service and food! The chicken slouvaki  is amazing. The tzakiki sauce is very authentic and delicious. The veggies taste fresh. I love this place!!!
3	I think had I ordered something different my rating would be higher.For starters...the bread and butter.....can we pause for a minute to talk about the deliciousness that is the butter?  It's herby (garlic?) and sweet and most importantly....SOFT!My date got the pastichio.  It was way better than the pastichio I had at the greek fest. I should have gotten that...or really anything but what I ended up picking.I got the pasta with chicken, artichokes, spinache and white beans.  Firstly it was steaming hot.  Like my date finished half of his meal before I could venture more than a nibble of mine.  I guess i was expecting something more from the blush Ozu cream sauce....I got nothing resembling cream.  Also the chicken pieces were small.  The meal wasn't bad, just a case of expecting A an getting B and never getting over it.The dessert was just OK.  But honestly I think that was more a function of my company than the food.  Bad date and I was ready to get the heck outta there.There's a lot of good food in Charlotte - not sure I'll make it a point to go back, but should anyone else suggest it I'd say heck yeah....and I'll load up on bread and butter.
4	Local food with Greek-accented servers. Feels very family-run, which is refreshing. I love coming here for lunch. Gyro with Greek salad can't be beat.Also been here for an office-party in the evening.... They accomodated our large group very well. Try to go with someone who knows what to order!
5	This is an authentic Greek restaurant. It is exactly what I envision when I think of going to get Greek food. Hands down THE BEST in the Charlotte area. The gyros are amazing and they taste like what a gyro is supposed to be. No weird spices or anything. They give you lots of feta and tzatziki. The inside is really nicely decorated and it is great for accommodating groups as well as small couples. Want Greek? Go to Greek Isles!! 5 stars
5	Had the greatest meal!  I'm here on a business trip and thought I would give this place a try. Sweetest waitress and very helpful.  I had their hummus which was good but their tuna steak plate was wonderful!  The bean side dish was very flavorful and the salsa on the steak was out of this world.  I'll be back again when I'm in the area.
5	Such a fun atmosphere! Right in the middle of downtown, very close to everything. The staff were so friendly and the food and drinks were awesome!
2	My family and I ate there around 7:45pm on a Tuesday night (not too late) and there were about 5 or 6 other tables sitting when we arrived.  The service was ok at first but towards the end it definitely fell off.  Usually they give you bread but we had to ask for it and once people began to leave we were the only one's there and you could tell the staff wanted us to leave (very awkward).  The food was ok but not worth what we paid and definitely not worth the overall experience.  Many other great options in the South End area so I don't think we will be going back any time soon.
5	Loved the food, ambiance, and the friendly staff. The avgolemono soup is excellent. I had the Mousaka. Simply delicious! Nice variety of dishes from different Greek regions. Highly recommended.
3	I ordered chicken Kabobs with rice and lamb Arni Psito. Unfortunately, rice is really weird and tough to eat. All I could taste was oil in rice and it's a shame to call this kabob.   And all that big chunky grilled or fried tomato, it spoiled the taste. And no complaints about lamb. May be it should have been grilled and done well. I will think twice going to this place again for dinner. :(
2	Was not very impressed by this restaurant. Starting out the atmosphere was nice and we were seated outside which was lovely. I ordered the Aegean chicken and was not impressed. The sauce that came with it almost reminded me of the cheese from Kraft macaroni and cheese. Not very tasty. My friends both had the gyro and both were very pleased with this dish. Service was average. Our plates never got cleared when we were finished eating. I would try this place again to see if it was just a bad night and sample something different from the menu.
4	Most excellent grilled octopus! Tender with flavorful Greek herbs and lemon. Pastitsio was good and very filling. This was my first visit and I went for lunch. Excited to go again to try more of their menu! Service was very good as well.
4	Greek Isles has good gyros and good saganaki. I haven't tried anything else yet though. The saganaki could be offered with pita slices though. The service is good. The portions are largeI really can't complain about anything other than the fact that they aren't open on Saturday afternoon.
4	One of these days I am gonna have to drop into this place for a meal.Not just for their fantastic Baklava. Though for Dexter and me it is just a walk down the road and I won't lie. The smell from the food is what causes me to stop and at least get a treat to eat.If you LOVE Greek food you really need to check this place out.They are dog friendly with well mannered pets.I will update this review when we eat a meal here! (PROMISE!)
4	Oh man, oh man. This place is tasty. I love Greek food. The flaming cheese is obviously a delight. The fish is extremely fresh. It is a "fancy" Greek restaurant. I definitely grew up going to more "hole in the wall" places- so I was a little thrown off by that at first. It is delicious and worth it!It is also large enough to go with a large party/family.
3	Slow Boat to Greek IslesThere is no scent as stimulating to my appetite as that of garlic in the oven or on the range top. This is just what greeted us as we walked in one rainy evening about 5:30 just off the light rail line in Charlotte. The setting is lively and open with tables well-spaced and the staff is attractive and friendly. We got menus soon enough and drinks were ordered. My choice was a local IPA, sorry I have forgotten the name of the brewery. It was cloudy! Tasted all right and I assume that this is what the brewer had in mind but it was weird. Not sure I will ever get use to that. Appetizers followed with Tzatziki and Feta for all and they, especially the Tzatziki were good for sure. Then we waited and hour for our meal to come!!Our water was certainly a nice chap and perhaps new at his job but clearly needed some help on the management side of his work. Don't know what the holdup but it was obvious and no apologies. To top it off I think I chose wrong off the menu. My salt cod may have been frozen and packaged. I can't be sure but it was very ordinary. I ate it all of course buy my companion's veal shank or dolmades looked much better. Dinner took so long that we did not have a time for dessert which is a shame. The cart up front with samples looked delicious. I'm going to have to give this a 3 because of my meal and the service. I'd like to go back and try again, it's very reasonable and convenient to down town without being down town but, I don't know.
4	Hit the Greek Isles for a quick bite with 2 friends. Cool location near their office and on the light rail line. Not a big crowd for a Tuesday, which was fine be me. Both buddies have dined here a lot, but this was my 1st visit. Nice dark and inviting interior. We ate at the bar. I had the Scordalia which was amazing. Joe had the Gyro sandwich. They have a great menu. Next time I go back I will definitely get a full meal.
4	Food service and atmosphere are all above good! Fun, lively and great choices. Will come back for sure
5	I love mediterranean food and they are completely approved. Excellent service and quality. I like traditional more than fast food, so it's what I expected to eat.
4	Outstanding food!   I've eaten here several times and never disappointed!  I always try different items from the menu and one always seems to be better then the last.  Bottom line about this place the food is awesome!  They do close between lunch and dinner, kind of inconvenient for a late lunch or early dinner.
4	I have been here a few times.  The time that stands out most in my mind was the time that they featured the Greek band from New York.  What a great night belly dancing to authentic music with my dancer friends!Recently, I met a friend who was craving Mediterranean food here for dinner.to start, we ordered glasses of their Greek white wine and was charmed by the crisp, light character.  We were also given  fresh bread and butter.  Very good, although the butter was a little sweet for my taste.Originally, I wanted to order their Greek salad.  One of the best I have ever had.  But, I decided to branch out and share some appetizers with my friend.We got the saganaki.  The presentation was flamboyant as expected, and the server even said, "Opa!"  One taste of that cheese, and I didn't want to share with my friend, but I did because I have manners.  So good!We chose to share the cold appetizer platter:  cucumber sauce, caviar dip, feta dip with hot peppers,  eggplant dip and a potato spread.  This was served with pita bread.  Very nice and more filling than it appeared.This is the real deal.  Will be back for the Greek salad next time.
1	Awful service. The service was very slow and when they botched our order the manager did not even come over. Awful food. Very salty.
2	Despite the multiple visit to AAP, this was the first time I've been to the Greek Isles restaurant right nearby.  Came here though a couple of days ago for a birfday dinner before plans to get sloshed uptown.Of course, everyone finds a way to lag so I end up watching some soccer highlights and ordering a Hendricks and Tonic.  Worst H&T ever.  Tonic was flatter than... (I'll keep this G-rated).. flatter than a tapeworm, dude!  I had specified getting cucumbers, but the dude threw in two limes.  =(  Dinner was pretty good - the Chicken Kabob was solid.  The chicken wasn't dry and had nice texture.  The vegetable skewer that came with it looked a bit skimpy.  I recommend that they get shorter skewers if they are gonna use less vegetables.  Presentation-wise it just looked a bit flimsy.They must not have many birthday dinners there.  We wanted something special and the best the kitchen could whip up was 6 doughnut holes with a candle that couldn't stay balanced in the middle of them.  Just not possible, brah.  Shoulda just stabbed one of them instead.  But yeah, poor execution on that.So yeah, less than stellar performance, GI.  dmo out
5	Love this place. Very tasty food and unique setting. Has a friendly family restaurant feel
4	My favorite go to happy hour place. Daily drink specials ($4 martini Tuesday!) With half price appetizers 5-7pm weeknights. Personal favorites are grilled octopus and eggplant dip, but all are wonderful. You don't have to be Greek to drink ouzo! But if you do drink the ouzo, don't breathe on the flaking cheese!
5	The food is guaranteed to be good. The atmosphere is perfect no matter if you sit inside or out. The staff and service is always polite and helpful. If you work in South End this should be in your lunch rotation. If you are coming down town to try something new you can come here with confidence that you are going to enjoy yourself.
1	The Greek Isles website advertises a special offer for the last week of every month that includes 3 courses plus a glass of wine for $20, which brought us into the restaurant last night, Wednesday July 30. That certainly seemed to qualify as a day in the last week of the month to us. When we arrived at the restaurant for our reservation, we were told that "the last week of the month" ended Tuesday July 29th!Under any logic, how could the last week of the month end on a Tuesday, with 2 days remaining? If it included a Tuesday, why not Wednesday the 30th and Tuesday the 31st. This is clearly false advertising.
4	Love their food and drink happy hour specials!  1/2 priced apps M-Th from 5-7pm. The tzatziki dip and eggplant dip with pita bread are my favorites, along with the flaming cheese! Opa!
4	I finally made it to the Greek Isles for lunch and they didn't disappoint! My friends and I arrived right at noon and we were seated immediately. No lunch rush! And our waitress was very friendly and offered a lot if suggestions since it was our first visit. I kept it simple and ordered the gyro pita. It comes with with all the fixin's on the side (lettuce, onions and feta) and greek chips to complete the dish. I was pleasantly surprised by how good it was! The pita bread was warm and meat was seasoned perfectly. It was just the right amount of everything! I love that it comes out as an open pita sandwich so you can add as much or little if the toppings as you like. And I'd be remiss not to mention the tzatziki sauce! It's a winner! The Greek chips reminded me of home fries! I loved them. They have daily specials and some delicious looking desserts at the front door...so I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Good stuff.  Traditional, classic, Greek restaurant.Food traditional, the way I like it.Staff good.  Attentive.Good ambiance.Enjoy..Thugs-Beware, CMPD finest always around.  Appreciate you public servants.
3	I just recently moved here from NY and I was super excited to find a Greek restaurant real close to my apartment. After being spoiled with amazing Greek food for the past few years it was really hard to give this place more than 3 stars. I also found them to be a bit pricey for what you actually get. I got the chicken kabobs. Chicken was cooked well but lacked some flavor. I would typically prefer smaller pieces of meat vs the 2 large pieces I got per kabob. You also get a veggie skewer with your order which seems like it's just there to fill up a lacking plate. Service was pretty good, beers were cold -- overall it wasn't too bad -- it won't be going on the list of places that I can go to for a nice dinner date, birthday dinner, anniversary, etc. however,  I will give them another shot.
5	My friend introduced this place to family , I believe I start loving few American dishes after eating here
