2	Imagine that on very rare occasions, you treat yourself to a plain glazed donut...not a donut from the grocery store, a real donut - a donut that you get up early on a Saturday to enjoy since they are extra fresh in the morning.  Now imagine that you get home with this treat, only to pull it out of the bag and realize that they have given you blueberry donuts instead.  Now I'm not a donut specialist like the employees at DD are, I'm an average gal with no donut training but I knew immediately upon seeing this donut that it was blueberry.  How did I do this you ask?  The donut was blue and blue = blueberry, blue does not = plain.  Sadly, todays disappointment sums up this DD location.  I'd like a latte please, here's your regular coffee miss.  1 biscuit please, here's your bagel lady.  I'm tolerant when it comes to the occasional mistake but this location always manages to screw up at least one thing with every order.  The food is generally pretty good, you just may not get what you ordered.  Today was the last straw for me, I caught todays coffee mistake but failed to look in the donut bag.  I have no personal vendetta against blueberries but a blueberry donut is like a raisin bagel - wrong.
1	I'm not one to usually speak up, but I've had it with this location. If not for the convenience factor, I'd never visit this place. To reiterate Lisa C.'s point, they mess up...a lot. Nearly every order I've made there, they have seemed to screw up. Forgetting cheese, wrong order, cold food, long waits. I kid you not, I waited 15 minutes in the drive through the other morning for a cup of coffee. I understand that you're busy, but 15 minutes? Seriously? The staff is untrained, unprofessional and clueless when it comes to making anything "fast". This morning, I ordered 2 frosted doughnuts and a turkey egg-white flatbread. The doughnuts were thrown in a paper bag (leaving frosting all over the inside of the bag) with no liner and the turkey flatbread took an additional 5 minutes after we had paid to receive (and it had a cold piece of cheese on top and not melted as it should be). The gentleman at the drive thru did express that he was "sorry" that it was taking a long time, however the flatbread was in clear view for a portion of those 5 minutes, clearly visible from our car. We finally spoke up and he explained that he was very busy and promptly handed us the flatbread, when in fact there was no customer in sight and 2 cars behind us that had arrived 5 minutes after we had ordered. I've been to this location several times over the past year, and I don't think I can handle going back.  I sincerely hope the proprietor of this location reads this and realizes that this whole staff is untrained and uninformed about anything to do with customer service, speed and accuracy. I've received better accuracy and customer service at a Taco Bell.Please retrain your staff and get with the program. Maybe I'll try in another few months, but for now, I'll make the 20 minute drive to get my DD fix.
1	I've officially given up on this place.I was so excited when DD moved in next door to where I live.  I used to go there all the time, but would attribute all of the mistakes/issues to "new restaurant syndrome".  After a couple of months of mess ups and bad food I finally stopped going.  After a couple months of staying away, I decided to try again and am still disappointed.  So I'm finally giving up.  I'm a huge DD East Coast fan...but this one has failed.  To echo some of the other comments here are the common issues at this place:--  Coffee is very inconsistent.  I've never had the same cup of coffee here.  My order is always the same (coffee with cream and sugar), and half the time the coffee is bitter/burned, a quarter of the time they forget the sugar, and the other quarter of the time, it's filled with so many grounds at the bottom.--  on the few occasions I've branched out of the coffee with cream thing and gotten a latte or espresso drink, they either tell me "our machine is being cleaned" or I get the wrong flavoring.  I usually go at 7:30 AM , so help me understand how during a busy morning time they're cleaning the espresso machine and have it shut down.  Are you kidding me?  This has happened to me more than 5 times.  You'd think they'd clean the machine the night before.  Hmmm?-- They are always out of stuff.  One day it's bagels, one day it's eggs, one day it's iced tea.  I thought at first it was the new restaurant thing getting used to quantities, but it's been over a year and it's still not good.-- Presentation/packaging is lacking...why are you throwing the iced donuts in a huge paper bag instead of wrapping them in the white wrappers?  As for iced coffee, when i order it, they don't bother to stir in the cream...so all you get is this brown drink with an inch of white cream at the bottom.  Common sense please.I tried, really did try - but I can't do it anymore.  It's sad because they would have so much more business.
2	Whenever we go to this DD location they are always out of jelly donuts. Explain that to two kids, in a mini-van while listening to Dirty Bit by the Black Eye Peas at my kids request. This problem equals disaster. Please, make more Jelly Donuts!UPDATE: I went to DD because I was desperate for an iced coffee. My little 3 year old girl wanted Jelly Donuts in the Munchkin order and guess what, NO JELLY DONUTS! OWNERS if you read this, YOU OWE ME SOME JELLY MUNCHKINS!! I mean, come on, I went in the morning!!!!
1	Ok - went back after 6 months..I mean it was a rainy day I needed a quick cup of coffee and some breakfast before I started a long day of meetings.  I know I said to myself 6 months ago no more...but I was desperate, it was early, and I live next door. I got the Big and Toasty and can I say it's absolutely disgusting!  The amount of oil on it seeped through the wrapper and through the bag.  When I opened it up, the sandwich was NOT toasted and the bacon was RAW.  Seriously this place is horrible.  (check out the picture of the sandwich - I had to throw it away after 2 bites)
3	The girl at the drive through has a hilarious voice,  this place changes its employees more than I change my socks (which is twice a day by the way).   I love their iced coffee but the hot coffee taste strange.  dont know why that is.   The drive through line is generally quick so you barely ever have to wait (not like starbucks).   THe evening employees are not as great as the morning employees...they seem to mess up your order more often in the evening.   Morning is spot on.   I live close so I Frequent this place often.   Im a fan of dunkin donuts and will continue to go.
2	Wife brought home a half dozen vanilla cream donuts with ALMOST ZERO cream from this location. Each and every doughnut literally had a dime sized amount strategically placed at its opening (so you think there's nothing wrong).Wife complained and manager fixed it with a complimentary box of donuts, but it was a hassle nonetheless.Do not use the drive thru at this place. The stoners working there forget your order as soon as they take it. It's like they're Tyler Durden in the bar basement scene from Fight Club; "I got it. I got it..................oh wait, I lost it." Seriously, I have experienced this personally at least twice.
2	I head out to Fountain Hills (40 miles away) this morning to deliver a couple things I brought  from LA.  As I'm driving I figure it's time to grab a couple breakfast-y type things before I reach my destination.   I see a couple fast food places in a strip mall parking lot and this donut shop.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dunkin-donuts-scottsdale-8?select=wJUPcEbPDpO4ZD_ql2CenA#WsNU2W-Ol_cgHs1rRTyf8Q  I think I'm going to grab a couple donuts along with something more substantial.   That is until I look in my wallet.  I've got three 1's and 50's. It's chilly outside like high 50's - low 60's.   I walk in the door and OMFG it's like a frikkin blast furnace in there!    There are 6 peeps ahead of me in the VERY slow moving line, so I'm standing there roasting!   Somebody baste me, PLEASE!   As I stand there sweltering, I see a sign by the register stating "We accept nothing larger than 20's"   Oh well, so much for eating something substantial!  LOL   I start looking at the selection of donuts, or lack there of, in the racks. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dunkin-donuts-scottsdale-8?select=wJUPcEbPDpO4ZD_ql2CenA#E4iy5XisBsDzlG-GZZt88g  It looks like they've they were mobbed just before I got there.I finally make it to the counter and tell the quiet mousy voiced girl I want an Apple fritter and the raspberry cheese cake donut.    I pay, she hands me the bag and I walk outside into the cool air..... AAAAH!!!The apple fritter was not at all what I was expecting.   Yes it tasted more or less like an apple fritter, but bite after bite, I could not find a single piece, chunk, cube or speck of apple anywhere!   I've definitely had much better!The raspberry cheesecake donut was better, but was pretty much like any other cream filled donut, except the filling did taste somewhat cheesecake-like.  OK, now I'm trying to decide, 2 or 2.5 stars.    You know what, the hell with it!  Just 2 stars for you!
4	I'm a little lost as to why this Dunkin gets bad reviews- maybe it's because it's in North Scottsdale surrounded by a pretentious demographic with ridiculously high standards. I find the employees to be very nice and delightful. it's a fast good joint for heavens sake. They always have all the product they advertise and the food is always delicious!
5	I don't understand the complaints!  I live in the neighborhood and stop here often because I love the iced tea (okay, okay, my son and I like the donuts, too).  They are always personable and give us what we want.  The one time they accidentally gave me sweetened tea instead of unsweetened, they apologized, promptly fixed the problem, and threw in some munchkins for the inconvenience.  The young man with longer hair who works there is particularly nice.  He once thanked me for being a pleasant person when I came through the drive-thru.  I'm supposing they get a lot of Scottsdale attitude!
