5	My weakness for pink once again drew me to this cute stall, which is picturesquely situated in the Princes Street gardens! The only reason my friend and I didn't eat there was the terrible weather, which wouldn't have made sitting outside much fun at all. We did grab a slice of cake each to-go, as they were too tempting! Althought it's the most basic cake one can get, my Victoria sponge was absolutely delish and if there is better weather, hopefully sometime this year, we will definitely go spend a quaint afternoon there! Aside from cakes and muffins, there are also all sorts of sandwiches and ice cream. Even if there wasn't any food on offer, it's just so pretty to look at!
5	Scotts is an absolute Godsend. On the countless occasions we have sat around this area during the summer with a tin in hand, Scott's has always been the supplier of our lunch/dinner and all ice cream treats as well! You can get a 99 for around 2 pounds and a coffee for the same price. Sandwiches start of at around 3 quid and are decent enough, though you can get better.Don't let the pink exterior scare you off, the ice cream in here is seriously good and with a Flake and a dollop of raspberry sauce, you can't go wrong!
3	I was surprised when I stumbled upon this one. I'm not sure if it's new, but I definitely don't recall there being a wee outdoors cafe anywhere near Princes Street Garden (apart from the National Gallery one), and especially not one in that colour. Wow, I mean, a pink pavilion. Interesting. They sell cotton candy (aka candy floss) in tubs, which I find really strange since I'm generally used to having that on a stick. And popcorn in tubs too! Their coffee is outrageously overpriced. 2.40 for a latte is more than you'd pay at Peter's Yard, which is also overpriced, but delicious enough for it to be ok. But then again, I guess it's Princes Street, so you can't expect anything reasonably priced in that area. I mean, the place is ok. It's not fantastic. But kudos to all outdoor cafes.
