4	So glad we stumbled across Zone. Very unique household items, most are contemporary style with a few cool random items thrown in like the 1ft. squirrel we bought as a gift.
5	Fantastic store for home furnishings if you have a modern and at times quirky aesthetic. Lots of options for lighting, walls, tabletops, etc. I am sad that I don't have access to a similar store in Virginia.
4	Cool shop feauturing a lot of furniture and home decor items, including some items for the kitchen like Le Creuset like pots and cookware. They also had a random assortment of interesting, modern jewelry. Prices for some items are a little high, but I found the cookware and jewelry to be fairly reasonably priced. It's fun to browse in here as the store has a multi-level set up and a fresh, modern vibe.
2	Overpriced! This has always been my opinion of Zone. Don't get me wrong, they have many nice things for sale. And shopping for home decorations in the Plateau is not necessarily an easy task.Here's my problem, I have found many of the items for sale at Zone in other stores for half to third the price.Buyer beware!
3	Zone is a mini chain that's originally from Montreal, with stores now in Ottawa and Quebec city. I wish there was more of an emphasis here on locally made design, but they do private imports so you can sometimes find things here that aren't elsewhere, and the style is certainly chic and very Montreal with sizeable discounts in the post-holla season. Pillows, throws, coat hooks, mugs, and other tableware, lamps, lots of white, black, and grey. Contemporary chic with quirky moments and certainly an easy place to while away some time and marvel at your disappearing ducats.
4	If you are into owl-related decor this store has a fair amount of stuff.
3	Cute home decor store worth visiting.
5	I went into the Zone a few days ago- I was really impressed by the layout of the store and the helpfulness of the staff. Lots of really cute stuff! I ended up buying these ridiculous string lights for my balcony- a bit pricey at $40, but I love them and they wowed all of my friends at a party I hosted. Unfortunately that night, 3 of the coloured bulb coverings fell off and flew away in the middle of the night- I looked online to see how much it would cost to replace them, and it would have been a fortune to ship them from the UK. I knew it was a longshot, but I went back into the store to see if they could do something for me. I was blown away- they opened up one of their boxes, gave me three bulb covers, then told me they would deal with the paperwork later! Super sweet of them, and it saved me so much trouble. I was even considering trying to recreate them by hand :S Thanks guys!!
