3	I wanted to get a few groceries and I opted for the neighborhood market.  It's a quick freeway trip and it's not as crowded as the super centers to which I normally go. I found everything I needed and then some.  The only drawback was that checkout was so slow.  There were only two lanes open other than self-check, and the person doing my lane was very slow at the job.  Ity actually took me longer to check out once the perason started the 22 items than it took to drive 5 exits on the freeway.This is a good option when I don't need anything from the big box.
3	Don't buy the bananas!  They refrigerate them.  They turn brown by the end of the day. Dole bananas are the worst.
2	This Walmart Neighborhood Market is convenient for me, but despite the proximity, I do not enjoy going here.  Grabbing some basics is fine (apples, milk, toilet paper), but procuring anything out of the ordinary is more challenging.  (insert sarcasm)  Case in point: my husband decided to make blueberry bran muffins and needed some wheat bran.  He goes to this Walmart, assuming that it would carry bran.  After a futile search, he asks an employee where the bran is and she just looked blankly at him.  The following is the conversation he had with said employee:"Bran?" "Yes, you know, as in bran muffin bran?"  "OH!  The muffin stuff is in the baking aisle.  You can find all the mixes there."  "Uh, I'm making bran muffins from scratch and need wheat bran.  Oat bran is also good if you don't have bran.""We don't carry bran.  You'll have to go to a specialty baking shop for that."*crickets*He made plain blueberry muffins instead.Another gripe I have about this Walmart is the self-checkout register.  Every single time I go, the sensor goes berserk and shuts down, necessitating an employee to punch in his/her code to prevent a total meltdown.  And if you want to use your own shopping bags at the self-checkout?  Good luck.  Store clerks are generally pleasant, if their zen-meets-zombie-like state can be classified as pleasant.  Prices are what anyone would expect from a Walmart: inexpensive.Sigh.(Tip: the code for bulk carrots is 4562.)
