4	Another good new restaurant in Carnegie.  Friendly and good service.  Kasai was busy.  Had some good Sushi that is reasonably priced. It is a smaller restaurant. There are about 8 tables and 10 places at the Sushi Bar.Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/kasaipgh
5	Decent sushi and pretty excellent hibachi food. Portions are pretty generous and the service is good. They seem to be doing it right despite having only been in business for a few weeks. Finally, there are more choices in Carnegie than Papa J's.
5	Kasai is a very good sushi restaurant. A great addition to Carnegie. Fast and friendly service. It has some very great and delicious sushi rolls. I recommend that you order a roll at a time. Each roll I had was very delicious and well worth the value. Prices are about average and the atmosphere is fantastic. Keep up the great work Kasai.
5	New to the area, my husband and I have already hit the highest rated sushi places in Pittsburgh. And while many were good, this BY FAR is the very BEST we have had!Newly opened, the restaurant is a good space. The front room looks small, but there's another dining area in the back. It was quiet when we came--a Monday night before the dinner rush. We were seated, given water and menus, and had our order taken fairly quickly. Miso soup came out right away.We ordered the spicy tuna roll, the yellow tail roll and the hibachi chicken entree. Both rolls came out together and let me say: the fish is incredibly fresh! The sushi was absolutely delicious. We were so happy with it, we wanted to order more rolls just to take home with us. Luckily we didn't, because we ate the entire hibachi chicken entree. Cleaned the plate, it was so good. The staff was friendly, and the owner came around and asked us, and all the other diners, how our dinner was.At the end of the meal, the owner brought us our check and gave us each a Hello Kitty chocolate marshmallow. It might sound odd to mention it, but to us, it was a sign that the owner really cared about his customers. He wanted to make a lasting good impression. Well, he did. We plan on returning frequently.
3	YUMMY! Fresh sushi! Good rolls. Wish there were more in the raw department; maybe a few too many fried/cooked sushi roll options for my taste. Just hope they expand the menu a bit.Another great addition to Carnegie!
1	When this place was brand new, I was so excited to try it out.  It's very local to my office, sushi is my favorite, and I love giving my money to small businesses vs. large chains.  The first two times I went, the service was a little slow...attributed to being new, I'm sure of it...but the sushi was fabulous!  And the ginger salad dressing is the best I've ever had.  Not that sweet creamy stuff that I despise.  That said, I was eager to return today for more delicious sushi!Today, however, was NOTHING like my previous visits.  The waitress brought soup for my friend and then....nothing.  We had to ask her to get our drinks and also my salad...she forgot.  Ok, it was busy before we came in, she's just gathering herself....no problem.  I ordered my usual shrimp tempura roll add cucumber with eel sauce and sriracha on the side. The sushi chef gives me one side of eel sauce, sriracha, and spicy mayo ALL MIXED TOGETHER.  I told the waitress that I can't eat mayo, it makes me very sick and can I please have the eel sauce and sriracha in their own small containers.  She does this.  Then I got my roll.....without cucumber.  UGH.  She gives me a side of cucumber that I fumble with to eat on top.  Crisis averted.  Then I bit into the roll....this is where it gets weird.  So, usually the shrimp tempura roll is one shrimp stretched straight and deep fried.  This was not that.  This was a MASS of BABY SHRIMP that was deep fried and put in the middle.  Now, I wouldn't have cared if it tasted the same.  But it didn't.  Have you ever over cooked those baby shrimp?  They turn into chewy hard pieces of rubber.  Well, that's what this was.  Chewy hard rubbery meat with too much greasy batter.  So, I speak with the manager.  I ask him if there was a change to this roll lately.  He says to me "No.  We typically use the one piece of long shrimp, not the baby shrimps.  I don't know why the chef did that.  I will speak with him."  I told him it was not good and I could not eat it.  He apologized and walked away.  I got my bill.  The (uneaten) roll was still on it.  I spoke with him and told him that I didn't eat it, it was not good.  He said that the most he could do is discount the check 10%.  Here's my problem....I said to him....I have no issues paying for anything at all.  But this is a customer satisfaction issue and it wasn't even edible.  I would gladly pay for the cali roll I took to go and my salad, but I don't understand paying for 90% of a roll that I didn't eat.  He said "I'm sorry for the inconvenience"....but that is all.  10%....which totaled about $1.60.I'm not sure what planet this guy was from.  He TOLD ME that it was made wrong.  AGREED.  Then STILL CHARGED ME FOR IT. So, I won't be back.  That's a shame because it was so convenient.Let me say also that had the manager said, "I'm sorry your food was wrong and inedible.  I took that $6.25 roll off your check and I hope you will give us another chance to get it right in the future".  I would have said, no problem....things like this happen. And then I would have been back over and over.It's sad that a manager with no customer service skills killed this place for me.  Oh, and I'm in Human Resources for my company with 135 coworkers.I sure hope this place gets their act together.  $6.25 was a small price to pay to get many return visits. Horrible business decision on their part.
4	We had a pretty good experience here tonight! It's byob, great service and friendly staff. We got some nigiri sushi(maguro and sake) and 3 rolls. The futomaki roll was big, rainbow roll was delicious, and really liked the Alaskan roll too! Also, the house salad dressing was great! Really enjoyed the salad, too. It was a bit pricy ( green tea was $2.99!) but it's hard to find a decent sushi spot in Pittsburgh, so we will definitely come back to try other things!
5	This is some pretty awesome sushi with a spectatular, customer friendly owner/staff.  The sushi chef "Terry" is quite entertaining, quite stupendous at his job.  We have been there a few times, bring our bottle of wine (no corkage fee) and simply enjoy the food and company.  The cucumber crab salad is amazing. Their "pink" sauce for the fried rice is better than most at the other restaurants. All the sushi we had was ultra fresh and delicious.  It is a bit too bright/cafeteria like in there but with the lights dimmed, the atmosphere is totally perfect!!  Carnegie is really stepping it up with an addition like this. We will be going back and back and bringing new friends everytime!!
2	I work in Carnegie and passed this joint on a regular basis, so I decided to get some takeout. I sat down around 12:30, ordered the Udon - a relatively simple dish with noodles and veggies.... they didn't have it ready until 1:15.
5	I searched long and hard to find a good sushi place in Pittsburgh and finally found it the day I left. This place was great, they were fast, clean and welcoming! Jeff was very kind to me and we had a nice chat while I ate by myself. Thank you for having great sushi that would fit in anywhere in Los Angeles!
