2	A friend steered me here for the horchata, but you know what?  It just wasn't very good.
5	This chain, irregardless of location, irregardless of price, is one of the best Mexican Restaurants (Taqueria, Taco Truck, Fast Food Place, whatever)! When I worked in Phoenix over ten years ago, I was a frequent flier. The lines on Friday and Saturday night at any of the Filiberto's locations are very intimidating! When my kids from Las Vegas went to school here a few years ago, I introduced them to Filiberto's, and it became one of their favorite hangouts at anytime of day or night! My daughter had to hold back her desire for Mexican food, though... I guess because she got a little chubby...Take a look at the Filiberto's Menu at http://www.filibertos.com/arizona/menu.asp ! I can't see how they're making any money at all! My favorite dishes are (in order of taste):   Chile Relleno - I guess, by now, yelpers know I LOVE Chile Relleno,      and have been looking for Chile Relleno the way FIliberto's makes       it in Northern California. I don't know how they do it... the batter that       covers the Relleno is still crunchy after hours of immersion in the       Relleno sauce. So, even after hours of sitting in the frig, the      Filiberto's Chile Relleno still retains a crispiness as when you first       bought it! --- In all the months I had been eating at Nena's in       Stockton, California, I only had that happen once!   Steak Ranchero - Man, this dish is GOOD. Two large slices of       angus beef, with an egg, and Pico de Gallo! What more can you       ask for! Just don't let the beef sit for too long... it's still cooking if       you let it sit!   Machaca - Made just the way I like it!   Potato, Egg & Cheese Breakfast Burrito - The Potatoes just give it a       flavor that none of the other Breakfast Burritos have! This is the only      dish that Filiberto's has that I can find cheaper in Northern       California (It's $2.50 at Nena's)!The morning I left the Phoenix area until who knows when... I ordered an order of Steak Ranchero, two orders of Chile Relleno... just so I could take some original Mexican back to Northern California! Yelpers in the Phoenix area... take a look at my reviews to see all I had to go through to find a decent Mexican place in Northern California! That's how good this place is!
1	Blech, yech, YUCKY.Complete and utter disappointment.  I'd sooner go to Taco Bell and Del Taco before I would ever set foot in Filiberto's, Rigoberto's, Aliberto's or any of the 'bertos in that chain.Yuckity yuck yuck yuck YUCK.Did I say YUCK?Best Mexican by far I've found here has to be Rosa's.
4	Perfect place for some Mexican food late at night when everyone else is closed. While it's a bit greasy, it's very tasty nonetheless. Nothing too fancy, just some good, fast Mexican food.
5	This place is ridiculously good. When you want some Mexican food that is fast and not some weak Americanized version (a la Taco Bell or Del Taco) THIS is the place. Other places in the country could take this food, put it on a fancy plate, and call it upscale Mexican food. We're spoiled to have such good Mexican food available to us, 24 hours a day no less. I love their carne asada, chimichangas, tacos, burritos, and horchata. If you like Mexican food you won't regret going here.
5	i was on this burrito quest last week. every day after painting i would stop by a different mexican food dive and try a burrito.  this is definitely one of the top states for mexican food (IMHO).i remember seeing these "berto" burrito places popping up in phx (roberto's knock-offs) from san diego.if you want a $4-out-the-door burrito the size of a tennis ball can, all meat and no rip-off filler (beans, rice, lettuce) then this is your place.  in a vain attempt to stave off my trigliceride killjoys, i ordered a chicken burrito.when the server handed it to me out the take-out window the bag nearly ripped under the 2 lb. load (this was 1 burrito mind you)as i commandeered my nissan frontier while simultaneously shifting, steering, signaling, pouring red and green hot sauce on the opening of the tree stump sized burrito and attempting to masticate the tender juicy shreds of fowl...alas, i was only able to consume 3/4 of the monster.a feat that i could easily have done had i gone to any other burrito barn.  if you're a cheap-chinese like me and my wife, you can easily give her a 1/3 and you get 2/3 and be 90% satisfied (just go home and eat a peanut butter sandwich) and you're good to go.way worth itdew it
3	Great for late night very unhealthy mexican food. portions are huge. The food is good and the service is always crappy. Carne Asada burrito, super nachos and Horchata are my favorites here, of course not the burrito and nachos at the same time or you would be on the toilet all night.
5	This location (Dobson & Elliot) was one of the first Filiberto's to open in the valley.  I believe (not 100% sure) but it could be the original.  Anyways, this place has changed my life.  The first time I had it was 13 years ago, I was 13 yrs old and in junior high (Hendrix Jr. High stand up!!).  My buddies and I would save our lunch money and come here after school.  A good friend of mine asked me if I like guacamole....ignorant to what it was I replied "no."  Little did I know that this "guac" would change my palate forever.  I started off by eating carne asada.  steak, guacamole, pico de gallo, cheese in a giant, light tortilla. what's not to like?Then I moved on to the Arizona Burrito.  steak, potatoes, cheese and pico de gallo.  Again, what's not to like?I was later introduced to the Steak, Egg and Cheese burrito; really good, but now I always ask for this with potatoes.  Which would make it the ultimate breakfast burrito that you could eat anytime of the day.whenever I need to switch things up, I'll order the chile relleno or the fish burrito.  I know, I know, fish burrito in AZ?  But trust me, the fish is fried to perfection and is really delicious.If they opened up a fancy sit down restaurant and served their dishes on plates and bowls, they could easily be the best Mexican restaurants in the valley.  I kid you not, I'm a Mexican food connoisseur.  I've lived in the southwest for over 20 years and I grew up with my latino brothers.  I got this...  Other than the carne asada here, the next best would be El Pollo Supremo in Tempe (another Yelp, another day).  Since moving to Honolulu, I've been feeling so deprived of Mexican food.  People could hate on Filiberto's all day, but they are only fooling themselves...Filiberto's is KING in Mexican take out.
4	I've been a frequent customer of Filly B's for a while. This location is close to my work and home and I've easily consumed over 30 breakfast burritos from them. Great quality food, reasonably fast. Should be noted they charge $0.60 additional for credit card fees. Their drive-thru customer interaction isn't excellent, but they are to the point. ~Joe
3	Why the rampant fuckwaddery, Phoenix?  I've been to other Filiberto's/Poliberto's/whateveriberto's restaurants before and really loved the food.  But this place, along with pretty much every other fast food Mexican place in the valley, falls prey to the flaccid-burrito issue.  Seriously, what the hell?  How hard is it to roll a burrito tightly or pack it full?  Especially when you don't offer any extras that may lead me to think it's rolled loosely so the customer can unroll it to add condiments.  Not even lime for the fish burrito- by the way, what's with the lack of condiments offered in Phoenix too?  Depressing.So.  Food is probably a 4, better than average tasting.  Sometimes it's really greasy and you need to tear a hole in the bottom of the burrito to let it drain while you eat.  Or in my case I learned to stop eating at that point lest my stomach seek revenge later on.  Carne Asada is tasty.  Fish burrito is mayo-y.  California burrito is really good.Their ability to roll a proper burrito is non-existent.
4	If you're looking for good, greasy Mexican fast food, you've found the right place. Always good for a late night snack as they are open 24 hours. The Carne Asada Burrito is always good. But if you want a killer dish (as in amazingly yummy AND as in 6 billion calories) get the Carne Asada Fries!!
1	I just went in here and got some tacos for lunch.  I love taco tuesday, unfortunately, every time I go to this location, the tacos really really suck.  Hardly any meat, taco shells and meat are way overdone, not much cheese.  And they give you one sauce for 3 tacos.   I was in the neighborhood, and thought I would try it again.  I won't make that mistake again.  The FiliB's on Main and Dobson in Mesa is soooo much better than this place, at least 3 times the meat, tacos shells are crunchy without breaking your front tooth off, and they are much friendlier too.  Don't waste your time at this location, go to the one in Mesa, it will be worth your time!
4	I don't know about you but I crave a great breakfast burrito, and have found a favorite one at Filibertos, a friend from Colorado just moved into my hood, very excited to have her here! she asked me if I wanted to go get a fast breakfast and where to go, told her you got a spot right up the street from ya! So off we went.Now my favorite is the country breakfast burrito, its eggs, potatoes, cheese, simple like I like it, but I have them toss in some fresh jalapenos and pico de giao and man that is pure heaven! Love it!My friend ordered the bacon burrito and halfway through it she was like damn that's alot of bacon lol good to know the bacon burrito really has bacon in it and not just a strip or 2.Yep I'm sure I'll be back!
2	Gross.  Typical greasy, low quality Mexican food.  If it's all you can afford Buon Appetite.
1	ALWAYS PAY CASH HERE.This review is not about the food at Filibertos. I love their food and have had many meals from different locations--I need my Filibertos Fix at least once every couple of weeks. Their portions are big and grossly delicious. This review is rather about a shady credit card charge at this particular location.I drove through, ordered my usual #16 (2 fish tacos with rice and beans), and pulled up to pay. $7.26, as always, awesome. I gave them my card, they swiped, I signed a receipt, got one back, drove off, life is wonderful.2 days later, I'm checking my credit card charges and I see a charge for $9.26 from Filibertos. WTF? Thankfully, I found my receipt from that purchase. Oddly enough, the receipt they gave me listed that I had paid with $7.26 in "Cash"--it wasn't a credit card charge slip. I should have looked at what they gave me, but who really does? I just assumed it was a credit card charge slip, crammed it into some orifice in my car and drove off. I don't really feel like printing out my credit card statement and arguing with them over $2, especially since this is the closest Filibertos to where I live and I don't want them spitting in my food if they see that it's me in the drive-thru. So the bastards will get away with overcharging my card this time. But I definitely did just want to warn you all about this shady business. I know I will definitely be paying cash for my meals here now. And counting my change.
5	Be it cats or dogs, this location has been my local carne asada watering hole for over a decade now. Sure, it's dirty. Sure, there's only outdoor seating and sure, there are occasional bullet holes in the ceilings, but nevertheless the food is always the same; greasy drunken night goodness! I love you filly b's! You always know to keep me regular.
1	I found a piece of metal like a bread twist tie in my nachos but with out the plastic coating. I have contacted the store and the Corporate office 5-6 times and nobody seems to care. I am fed up with this place! I seriously could have choked to death on it. When I went to the store to show them nobody even apologized.Not a great way to run a business and keep your customers happy.
2	The food is ehh. Only good when drunk really. My main issue is that the night crew, especially Friday and Saturday night, are the greediest people ever. Their card reader almost always conveniently goes down. Given the fact that I live right next to it, I often attempt to stop after a night of drinking with hopes that things will be different. No luck. They take an hour to make a burrito, and that's if I have cash on me. They pocket the money, it's a common practice, but I've never seen it done so often. Ask for a receipt, I guarantee they can't provide one.
1	This is THE worst filibertos in AZ, hands down. They are stingy about their green sauce and are always "out." The cashier, if it the short haired skeleton-looking old lady is the biggest bitch ever; try not to make eye contact. If you're smart you'll drive a mile or two away to a better location.
3	The roots run deep with this Filibertos. My friends and I have had some good times here. I miss watching people ruin their front bumper in the drive thru when hitting the median. Good times...unfortunately they made that impossible now. Anyways onto the food. It's hard to explain why the food tastes better at this location. Basically it is because the grill and fryers have seen some shit over the years. The newer filibertos are good don't get me wrong. They just haven't seen the same wear and tear as this location. This place is as ghetto as they come, but damn is the food delicious. I'm not feeling the price difference though over all the thee location.  Shoot the one on Pecos I can get a bean and cheese burrito for $3.23 plus $.50 off every time so it's always under 3 bucks. Wednesdays it is $1. At this Elliot location it was over $4 for a BEAN AND CHEESE BURRITO. Get real filibertos. 3 stars for nostalgia and better tasting food, but you're lucky you get that. I'm sticking to the Pecos location.
4	This place is my jam! I've been coming here a while.... I've always gotten good quality food & my crazy orders always come out right. The horchata here is my fav-not too much cinnamon. The quantity is always plenty. I've realized I get a lot more here for my $$$ then I do at other locations... I'll continue to make a guest appearance here from time to time. no autographs tho.... well, some exceptions can be made
1	If I could rate this place 0 I would....watch every bite of your food closely you may find a little creature in your food...and they will do nothing about it except take your food back and not refund you and tell you to get lost...RUDEST PEOPLE EVER!!
