5	I am stunned that no one has reviewed this place! Every time I am in LV, it is a must-stop at least twice! They have the best pizza EVER! And I am from NY, so clearly I've ingested a few slices! Having said that, they do have other options; calzones, lasagna, panini. It's just a tiny place in the Venetian Food Court, but well worth the stop and it's very inexpensive. Great place to get a couple slices on the way back up to your room and enjoy in bed - helps keep those bad mornings away, hahaha!
2	Wow, I very much disagree with Elizabeth L.  I came here for lunch today because the line at Grand Lux Cafe was full of CES-goers, and the SO had to hurry to the show.  Anyways, we came here because he likes pizza.  The sausage pepperoni was decent, but the tomato basil was horrible.  No flavor, dry, and kind of a pain to ingest.  I'm not sure why I did.  Furthermore, the slices are like $5 a piece.  Not good.
3	Well, this place was ok.  It's better than your average mall pizza court, but kind of the same type of atmosphere.  It's kind of geared to quick-slice-on-the-go and they quickly warm it up in the oven a la Sbarro.I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again but it wasn't bad.  The price is high, but it's Vegas.  You're not eating cheap anywhere.
1	Came here for lunch while staying at the Venetian.  Three of the four of us who at here had upset stomachs afterward.  I guess you can try your luck, though.
3	Ended up here for breakfast, actually... ok maybe the breakfast place shared the same space? I couldn't tell.For $9 or whatever it was, the 4-item breakfast actually wasn't bad. French toast, scrambled eggs, bacon were all pretty good. Portions were also ample. It's not what I normally like in french toast, but it was still fluffy and cripsy and light enough... mmm. The sausage was a bit odd-- not cheap American breakfast sausage, but not awesome goodness either. My friends liked it, I was ambivalent.When you're right on the strip, already in the casinos, and you don't feel like $20 or $30 on Sunday brunch, but you want something other than greasy fast good, this was a decent alternative.I am curious about the pizza, too, although who goes to Vegas for pizza?
5	371492816 great restaurants in Las Vegas.For my birthday dinner, I chose Pizzeria da Enzo.3rd year in a row.True story.
2	I got hungry after gamble.  so I went to grab some ham and cheese wrap $12  at 3 am from Pizzeria da enzo.   It was alright but It wasn't worth it.  I was still hungry. I saw this dude ordered pasta (about size of 2 taco from jack in the box) cost this him $15.I wouldn't recommend this place.  if you are hungry, head to strip for 24hr mc D.
3	Quick, right next to the casino floor. Prices are good considering where it's at. Pizza was pretty good. You are in a high priced casino, finding a meal with a drink for less than $20 per person is "value". This is a value.
1	Terrible terrible food! Not one item I tried was worth finishing...Choose from burnt vs rubbery vs cold vs stale
3	The pizza is dripping with grease so avoid it.  The freshly made wraps from the sandwich station however are a different matter entirely.  Good food if you stick to the good stuff.  This place helps you avoid having to look hard for food and lets you stay in the casino.  : )
4	I had such a delicious slice of Sicilian pizza in this little cafe. It was so good, so perfect.Staff was friendly,and they have a LOT of other choices if you don't want pizza!
3	The Pizza was okay at Pizzeria da Enzo.  I liked how they had huge thin NY Style slices.  A little pricey though, as I spent about $13 for 2 specialty slices.  Realistically though, your real reason for picking this spot is if you're at The Venetian with a serious craving for Pizza but don't want to waste time eating at a sit down restaurant or spend too much money on a meal.  That's basically the situation I was in when I went here.  Give them a try though, you might like the Pizzas they have to offer.
3	Pretty typical Italian fast food, but a great choice if you're at the Venetian and not looking to fill yourself up too much. I got the Sausage and Pepperoni Calzone, which was so large I ended up splitting it with Kathleen W. I liked the fact that it was stuffed with normal mozzarella cheese, as well as cottage cheese, which made a really tasty mix. For some reason, when they say sausage and pepperoni, what they really mean is pepperoni made out of sausage. Strange contraption, but tasty nonetheless. It comes with a bowl of pasta sauce for you to dip in.Overall a great alternative to a buffet, but a little bit on the pricey side, which was expected. If you split a calzone, though, you'll be off just fine.
4	Their pizza was absolutely perfect!
2	Food is ok, but worst customer service ever. Employees standing idle and chatting while customers wait for service. No trays to put the food on. I felt like I was an imposition on their time not a customer. I've had better customer service at Taco Bell.
4	Damn great place to grab a quick slice of pizza inside The Venetian. I've had the pepperoni on many a late night. Recently had the meatball & pepperoni and really liked it. Perfectly crunchy crust. Good toppings with tasty cheese. Yes, you fold the pizza. That's the only way to eat a slice that big. I don't know why my friends & I don't just order a whole pie. Enjoy...
3	Mall pizza at Las Vegas prices.  It was fast - and that was our goal, so on that account it met our expectations.  It wasn't bad pizza, but it wasn't great either.
4	Nice food at a moderate price for those on the go.  Highly recommended.  Pizza; pasta and more.  Fast service if you're not looking for a long meal.  Free wi-fi in the area.
3	Generic, quick, greasy, NYC knockoffNot bad, just not worth seeking out.  BUT if you happen to be sloshed and stumbling past or directly into this joint after leaving a club, a lounge, a show, a slot machine, pretty much anywhere on the strip, your hotel room at 5pm,ORspent all day eating peanuts at a sports book then this place is a very pleasant surprise.  Pizza by the slice, Sicilian, Stromboli, spaghetti and meatballs, and breadsticks...with virtually all items under $5, it will leave you with a little extra dough to hit the blackjack table again after all that alcohol gets soaked up.
