5	i visited Heather today at Shear Organic for an eyebrow wax and she did a fantastic job.  I am extremely happy with my service and can not wait to go back for color, highlights and KeraGreen Smoothing treatment.
5	I have been going to Heather for over a year now and she has help transformed my hair from short and unhealthy to long and GORGEOUS.  I haven't had long beautiful hair like this in 20 years!!  I highly recommend Heather to all my friends and now to everyone on YELP!!  She is simply the BEST!
5	I was heartbroken when I learned Heather left her former salon.  I recently moved to Buckeye and was ready to drive that distance just to see her.  I thought I would have to suffer through getting used to another person doing my hair exactly the way I wanted it. However, I did a quick internet search and found she opened her very own place!!  Heather is definitely worth the hour long drive.  She's professional, she listens, and always comes up with new ideas to try.I absolutely love what she's done to my hair and would recommend her to everyone!
5	I wish there was a way to give more than 5 stars.   I went back in for my second appointment and got color, highlights and Keragreen treatment.I love love love my color and highlights.  I am also very pleased with the Keragreen treatment.   My hair feels so soft and silky. I absolutely love this place and Heather is awesome.
5	Before I get to my awesome review of Heather, I have to give a little back story so you understand how far my hair has come and what great work she does!For years, I had always highlighted my own hair because, well, I was poor. Most of the time my hair turned out decent and was a color I liked, but was never healthy.  The last time I dyed my hair, I COMPLETELY fried it.  I mean, little 1 inch patch of hair sticking out of the top of my head, breaking off every time I touched it, FRIED. I was terrified to go have my hair dyed again in fear that it would all fall out or that I would have to chop it off in order to let itself become repaired.  I waited about six months and walked around with horrible, fried, ridiculously too long rooted hair until I finally got the guts to go have it professional dyed.  I went to a salon here in the Valley, and told them my story.  When I walked out, my hair was worse than when I walked in!  Orange and fried!!  I was mortified. I had always had nice, natural- looking blonde hair and now it was an awful, awful shade of orange.  My mom came to my rescue and found a Yelp deal for the salon Heather previously worked for.  I booked it as soon as I felt my hair was safe to dye again and was assigned to Heather.  Heather is a miracle worker.  My hair not only felt healthy, but was actually blonde again!  The first appointment I had a conditioning treatment, a color, and a cut.  The difference was amazing.  Over the next few months, Heather and I worked to get my hair back to normal.  The color is perfect and has been since the second time she colored it and that little patch of dead, fried hair is finally getting better through treatments and slowly trimming it without chopping off my hair.  I have complete trust in Heather.  I was always so nervous when I would walk into a salon because most often, I would spend a ton of money and would never be satisfied.  Every time I leave Heather, I am very satisfied.  Heather is a great person and really listens to what you want and gives advice and suggestions as to what she thinks would be great for you.  I would definitely recommend her to anyone!
5	If you haven't discovered organic coloring yet, you are seriously missing out. When you walk into a non-organic salon, you might as well just say "Hi, please let me pay you absurd amounts of money to ruin my hair."But seriously, Heather is absolutely fantastic! When she left her old salon I simply stalked her until I found her again. It's OK though, because I told her if she ever left I would do just that. I have been going to Heather now for probably 8 or 9 months and the difference I have seen in my hair is unbelievable. The first time I sat down in her chair I said, "I think we need to chop it" and she said "NO WAY will you ever get me to cut your hair off, let's fix it instead." And fix it is what she did.I wish we had taken pictures of my hair then so we could show you the ridiculously amazing transformation my hair has made. She's the "hair whisperer." In fact, last time I went in for a color, we didn't even have to trim my hair! That is how much better organic dyes and products are for your hair people. Not to mention the fact that it is the first time hair dye has covered ALL of my grays! (gasp! I shouldn't be going gray yet!!) Heather is purely amazing. She listens to what you want and gives you just that. She tells you exactly what she is doing and what it does for your hair. She is the first hair stylist I've been to where I feel like what I get is worth every single penny.
5	I'd give her more than 5 stars, Heather is great! She made me feel welcomed and even offered tea and coffee as soon as I walked in the door. She listened to what I was looking for and I could tell right away she really does care about her clients. She did a cut, color and style on my hair and I just love it. My hair feels soft and silky not at all fried like you sometimes get with traditional coloring. I would highly recommend her, I'm certainly glad I found her.
5	I was referred to Heather by my sister in law.  To be honest, I really never thought about what products were used on my hair when I got my hair done.  Of course I like products that made my hair feel good and gave me volume but never really thought twice about the chemicals.  Once I experienced the services Heather provided, I was so impressed.  My hair felt full and healthy.  Knowing I wasn't damaging my hair was also gratifying.  I was happy with the products and outcome.As for Heather, she was FAB!  She made sure I was comfortable with what I was getting done.  We exchanged pics of what I liked and didn't like.  She was awesome to communicate with as I am very picky about my hair.  She was professional and I appreciate her willingness to make sure I was happy with my results.
5	Heather does an awesome job cutting my hair. All of her products are great to use. Her studio is very professional and her assistant Melissa is awesome!
5	I LOOOOVE Heather and Shear Organic Hair Studio. I just moved to Chandler 9 months ago from Co and have a hard time switching hair stylist!  I have really lucked out finding Heather.  She is extremely perfessional, knowledgeable, funny and really listens to how I like my hair to look! Her customer service is outstanding which for me is a big deal.  Not to mention my hair is better than it has ever been. The organic coloring keeps my hair so soft and healthy it's amazing!!!! Today I was introduced to Melissa, she is wonderful as well! I always enjoy my visits and look forward to seeing them again!!
5	My hair is thick and naturally curly.  I try to keep it healthy, simple and like the option to wear it both curly and straight.  It's been hard to find a stylist that doesn't want to layer it to death (to "deal" w/ the thickness), fill it with product (to "tame" the curl) or cut it so that it only looks good one way (either curly or straight) but not both.  Gratefully I happened across Heather's name/salon in an internet search and have been going to her for the past six months.  She has taken my hair from a layered, trendy, hard-to-deal-with style to more classic and basic (but not boring).  Heather knows hair and she knows hair products.  She takes the time to discuss concerns and to recommend solutions.  Since going to Heather for cuts my hair looks and feels so much healthier and consistently looks good with less washing, less styling and less product.  I strongly recommend Heather, especially if your goal is classic and healthy hair.
5	Heather is awesome! I've have had the worst luck since moving to AZ. My bad luck is over! She is so knowledgable and really listens to what you want. Plus the organic line is so kind to my hair but leaves it looking amazing! I am a Heather convert and you should be too!
