5	My lower back was in terrible pain to the point where it effected my quality of life.  I could no longer carry kids to bed, forget about running or strenuous exercise, the pain was even present at rest when sitting at work and lying down.  Despite resting, stretching, and mild yoga, things kept getting worse.  That's when I met Windy at Willow Pond.Windy has a quiet clean patient room with soothing music and pastel walls.  Laying face down on the cloth covered acupuncture table (similar to a massage table), I was a bit anxious because I had never done this before, Windy assured me that everything would be fine.  She started out with some gentle acupuncture and soon after I almost fell asleep.  After the acupuncture session, wise Windy provided me a container of dry herbs that resembles a mix of dust and earth, she said that it would help my back but also included other herbs that help other parts of my body such as kidneys, circulation, etc.  She instructed me to mix the herbs with warm water and drink daily, I did so dutifully with "fingers holding nose closed"...lol.  There was not a huge change immediately, a slight improvement after the first session.  After a month of regular sessions, I did noticed that the intensity of pain in my back was lessened with periods of relief where I forgot about the pain.  Soon afterwards things got much better to the point where I could do exercises again to strengthen my core.
5	I found Windy in 2007, searching for treatment to help my son recover from ankle surgery he had because of a soccer injury.  Although physical therapy helped him regain strength, he still had nagging pain in his legs. Incredibly, Windy's therapy allowed him to play soccer pain free after the first treatment. She has also helped friends and family recover from cycling, hiking, and yoga injuries.  Windy is our primary healthcare provider.
5	Windy is very skilled at what she does - healing. She has great understanding of the science and art of Chinese Medicine. She gets great results.
