4	I too am dubious about the distinction of this location being a "superstore" (the Eastern Location is better for that), but generally the quality of the finds here is good.  It's a thrift store, expect it to behave like one.  After the initial rush of people on a Saturday morning racks are going to be a bit disheveled, but they have workers constantly trying to keep things in check.  Their discount days can be awesome (e.g. 50% off anything in a box).  Check the website for calendars of the daily deal.The best characteristic of this location is that they seem to get Target rejects.  So, you'll find lots of clothing items still with their Merona or Champion tags on them, and quite a few boxes of slightly dinged but new fiberboard furniture from the target.  This is my go-to place to look for an uber cheap build-your-own bookshelf, bathroom cabinet, or shoe rack.  It's small, so don't expect to take home a new-to-you couch or dining room set.
2	This was my favorite thrift store in vegas.  But for some reason since they have remodeled its just not as good.  I can't seem to find good stuff that is reasonably priced.  I don't go anymore, and I used to go every week.
4	HOT MESS! That is the initial reaction once entering this chaotic disaster zone. The lines are ridiculously long, but items are just as ridiculously cheap. Yet again, Halloween has motivated me to sort through their inventory and wait behind 25 people. The employees here are truly special. I have never heard so many absurd request, demands, and questions being made. Instead of getting upset, they are able to smile and continue on. Item number three can be checked off the list and one last item before my costume is complete.
3	I'm not entirely sure what makes this a "Superstore" other than the sign, since it's not as big as the Trop or Eastern locations.  They didn't seem to stand out in any particular fashion, other than their very separated categories (nothing really smashed together).    It's a very clean location.  All their suit jackets seem to be from 1985 and there are more Cosby sweaters per capita than any other location (if you're looking to go as Dr. Huxstable, now's your chance!).  They have a lot of board games and a small selection of shoes.
4	I love all Goodwills.What is greater than finding a great item at a great price. You have to hunt and find but it can be worth it. I don't always walk out with a great buy but when I do, I am always so happy.This goodwill is not their best store nor their biggest but after their remodel it has definitely improved. My only pet peeve about any Goodwill is that whatever sticker has the additional markdown are always so hard to find. *grrr*But on Sundays, they always have a color sticker at 75% off. And different days of the week offer additional discounts as well. military id, casino employee/player, Albertson's receipt etc, previous goodwill receipt. So get to know the days and you can save even more money. Also know that they do not run any purchase as debit, all card transactions are ran as credit card.
3	So I can only speak for the donation center in the back, so take that into consideration on reading this review.  It's really easy to access the donation center parking, and you can just back up your vehicle almost up to the door.  There is always staff available to assist you in taking donations and they always readily have receipts to give you (yay tax breaks).  The staff has been pleasant so I appreciate that the most.  All in all, a great place to take your gently-used stuff so that others can get some use of it.
4	I should just pull up a sleeping bag I am here so much. I love the element of surprise when shopping and thrifts pretty much cover that. Most days there is one sale or another.  This is a smaller location and the aisles are narrow, so anyone in a wheelchair might have trouble getting in all the aisles. The aisles are tight as in you find yourself saying " excuse me" every 2 seconds.. The prices range from Yee haw to what the?? Depending on what you find. I roll my eyes at the overpriced red tags stuff, usually I find better stuff at 50% off. The staff are super nice here. Worth a shot.
3	This place is pretty inconsistent. Some things are cheap while others are priced disgustingly high! Very very small jewelry selection, the smallest of every thrift store I've ever been to (boo). I almost always come away with at least one piece of jewelry while thrifting but to this day I've never bought any here. I have, however, come away with miscellaneous items such as picture frames, glassware, boxes, and a huge mirror that was a steal. I've been shopping for mirrors for well over a month and haven't even come close to any in my price range. In this case, it was extremely reasonably priced at $24.99 and it happened to be wednesday, so I got 25% off for bringing in an Albertson's coupon. This brought my total to $20.23 for two items.
5	Curb side donation drop off on the side of the building is so convenient. I am always welcome here with a friendly smile and helpful service.
