2	Happy we have another bar in charlotte,  but have been there twice now and the wait for a drink does not make sense.  When you are paying a bartender $8 an hour and charging $8 dollars a drink do the math.  I wish you well, bit not sure I will go back.  Get it together guys.......
1	Overall nice atmosphere (very blue!), However wait time for drinks is lousy.  I feel eventually people will get tired of paying the cover and spend their money elsewhere once the newness of Cathode wears off.  Also, the drinks are way over priced.  I ordered 2 drinks and my bill was over $24.  When looking at the receipt, I was charged $6 for 2 cans of red bull, however the drinks themselves require about one-third of a can.  Lastly, guard your drinks.  This was my second trip to Cathode and the second time I had more than half of my drink still in the glass when a bar-hand walked by and threw it away!
5	This bar is absolutely beautiful, modern, and very trendy.  Staff is extremely efficient and friendly.  Great outdoor space as well. (including heat lamps for those chilly Charlotte nights!)If you are looking for a fun night out, with great music, drinks, and videos, this is the place to go in Charlotte.
5	I'm not sure about the previous reviewers comments on this place. I was there last weekend and had an amazing time. The music was fantastic, the people were good looking, and the atmosphere was super cool and chic. Maybe since I live in a big city I didn't notice the price aspect, but $8 for a strong drink is reasonable. Overall, had a fantastic time.
5	Love this place and the staff!  I love CA, it's such a great atmosphere, great drinks, and super friendly staff.  I read the last review, and I think it may have been a bit slow during the initial opening, but not now.  The decor and lighting make you feel like you're in a chic martini club in NYC.  I highly recommend checking it out, you won't be disappointed!
5	Cathode is a fantastic bar! Cute guys, good looking bartenders, and great music! The atmosphere is laid back and friendly. I read past reviews of drinks being overpriced. I find them reasonable for what I get. The service is apparently much faster than it used to be because I've never had an issue getting a drink within 5 minutes. I highly recommend this bar!
5	Charlottes newest LGBT club is a South Beach styled super lounge awash in azure blue led lighting and tuffed white leather furnishings. Located in trendy South End.  Cathodes mission is to see all of its patrons thoroughly enjoying themselves... A quick look around and you can see they have accomplished that! Featuring top live DJs, laser lights, haze machine, elevated dance floor, VIP lounges, pool room, darts, ATM, overhead music video projection system, & weekly drag shows. This club opened in Sept 2012 & was completely redesigned.  It was formerly the Sunset Club.  And is located on South Blvd b/t East Blvd and Tremont ave. adjacent to the Lynx rapid train, exit the East/West Blvd station and walk 150 feet across the parking lot to the club.  With over 150 parking spots and authorized overflow parking in the plaza next door b/t the hours of 6pm-2am. Getting there is very convenient and its a guaranteed good time with a consistently packed out Friday and Saturday night,  Staff is handsome and very friendly.  And even better...the patrons are too. If you've not been, be sure to check it out and  give it a try!!
4	I really like this club gay friendly and ppl are 2 :DDD
5	Amazing place! Best music and outdoor space! Awesome bartenders! Go for sure!
