5	While we were happy to finally have what looked like a decent place in Forest Hills, we were skeptical about whether the new restaurant would compare to alternatives in Shadyside et al.  We were not disappointed.The pork osso bucco is amazing, first of all.  It's both delicious (one of those meat dishes that's been cooked on the bone in some kind of savory sauce for a long time) and impressively presented.  We also had the calamari for an appetizer, which was not overcooked, too salty, or too greasy as fried calamari often can be.  I also thought the basil dipping sauce was something new.  The tiramisu looked amazing, but we were too full to try it - next time!  It was nice to see that they have a gluten free menu for friends with dietary concerns, or for the days when we're trying to be healthy :)The beer and wine selection are both great with a wide range of prices and international selection.  The atmosphere is pleasant.  It's festive but not too loud, the tables aren't too close together, they have a number of TVs with sports around, and you can see the wine cave.  There's also a white grand piano near the entrance, haha.  We sat inside, but the patio looks nice.  We walked, but it looks like parking is easy enough.The waitstaff needs further refining, but we expected that given that the place is new.  We could at least see that they were very eager to please and fix any errors.
2	As much as I like to patronize local establishments and small business in general, Roman is more style than substance.  Food portions are small, beer is overpriced and the service is hit-or-miss. Maybe it's just me being a young guy but as far as getting what you pay for,  there is better quality and value to be had.
1	After going to Roman Bistro, I was waiting for Gordon Ramsay to come out and say they were filming an episode of Kitchen Nightmares.  Never before have I seen such a poorly run restaurant.When we arrived, the dining room area wasn't full, yet it took them over 15 minutes to seat us and there was no explanation.  That should have been a sign to run for the door but we soldiered on.  After they did seat us, the unbelievably unfriendly waitress decided she'd actually come over and ask us if we wanted something to drink.  It was as if we had inconvenienced her with our presence.  The Caesar salad tasted like it had no dressing and anchovies while the cheese was so mild you could barely taste it.  The gazpacho was nice and refreshing on a hot day.  The night we were there, it was thundering outside and I was wishing for a power outage so our entrees wouldn't actually come.  Sadly though, my prayers were not answered so the nightmare meal continued.  The lobster ravioli tasted of cream cheese and were swimming in a mess of olive oil and diced tomatoes.  The crab cakes were not made of lump meat but of a little bit of backfin meat and a whole lot of overly salted filler.  The bison burger was heavily charred and came out at the wrong temperature.  To make matters worse, the "fried onion" pieces they put on top were soggy and reminded me of a pile of mucus.  But I dare not complain and ask the waitress who had a stick up her rear to take it back because I didn't want to deal with her attitude.  And who knows, the second time, the burger might actually have mucus on it.  The best thing we had was the beet salad, because it never arrived (although they tried to bill us for it).I think our biggest mistake was not ordering lots of alcohol so we'd be drunk and wouldn't realize what on earth we were eating and how bad the service actually was.  It looked like everyone else was happy and having a jolly good, drunken time.  Especially the table of 4 next to us that magically ballooned to a party of 6 when they sat down on the bench and effectively joined our table too.All in all, I certainly will never step foot in here again, even though I'd like to sample some of the beers they have on tap in their impressive selection.
3	first time here. came for our anniversary. seated promptly. not many patrons here tonight. thought food was a bit pricey for the amount of meal you received. as always, pasta was plentiful. the beer along with the drink tax made it overpriced for the area. our waiter was pleasant and attentive. we sat on the deck but it was too noisy ,being so close to the road. told the manager it was our anniversary and he did reply to enjoy the evening. wanted to try a new restaurant and glad we did. probably will not go back soon.
3	Roman Bistro has a very nice building and is a great environment to enjoy drinks and dinner.  However, they seem to still be going through the struggles of a brand new business.  Their staff seems to be out of sync.  Their bartenders are not very knowledgeable which makes me believe that they were friends of or related to the owners.  The Kitchen on the other hand is pretty phenomenal! I ordered a "cigar" flatbread and it was amazing! (half priced during happy hour) I have not tried the rest of the menu, but it is pretty unique for the area (forest hills) and rather gourmet compared to area restaurants.  I recommend Roman Bistro, I only suggest waiting 6 months from now for them to work out their staff issues.
4	First visit over the weekend...food and service was very good...will definitely go back in the near future.  It's a must try
4	I have been to Roman Bistro a few times and I'm on their email list. Here are the things I have to say. Pros1. It's called Roman Bistro 33...why 33 because the have 33 beers on tap. Yeah that's 33 more beers than any other Bar in Forest Hills because there are literally no other bars in Forest Hills. Having said that 33 is a pretty good number for any bar. 2. Live music at least once a week. I like live music no matter what it is. Beats Muzak playing in the background. 3.Deals every day of the week, get on their mailing list and you can stay up to date. 4. Flat Breads yummmy........Cons1. The Cigar/Bottle Shop next door is weak. If I wanted to pay $5 for a cheap beer I would go to a bar in downtown. The cafe bottle shops at Giant Eagle beat the crap out of their bottle shop.ConclusionIt's a great place especially for being in Forest Hills. Give a try and I don't think you will be disappointed.
2	You never get a second chance to make a first impression. Truer words have never been spoken. My family lives pretty much across the street from this establishment. For several years it stood empty. We carefully watched, hoping some restaurant would move in - preferably one that served alcohol. When it became clear a business was moving into the building, we were thrilled. After months of watching renovations and wondering what was to come, the Roman Bistro finally opened. On Father's Day, my husband, daughter, and I headed over to enjoy a nice family dinner at our newest local restaurant. I'll start with the positives. The beer list is amazing. Great selection. And the atmosphere is very attractive. As far as the food goes, it's not bad. It's nothing to write home about, but it's okay.Here's where the critical aspects of this review kick in. After selecting our meals, including ziti for our two-year-old, we waited an inordinate amount of time for our food to arrive. Our waitress had seemingly disappeared. Empty drink glasses were not refilled. If it had been a busy night this would have been understandable. But it wasn't a busy night at all. About 2/3 of the tables sat empty. Finally our waitress reappeared. She brought out a basket of cold and slightly stale bread and told us our food would be out soon. Then she dropped the bombshell: there was no ziti. Our 2-year-old's meal would not arrive with our meals. If you have a young child, you understand that can be a major issue. We asked for a mini pizza instead but the mini pizza would not be ready for about 20 minutes. Not good.Our meals came out and as I fruitlessly tried to get my daughter to eat some of my trout with shallots (best of luck getting a toddler to eat that), I lamented not going to the more casual but consistently decent Drew's down the block. Her pizza finally arrived about 15 minutes later. She enjoyed the pizza but it was too little, too late. We left feeling shortchanged, having spent a good $75 with tip for a below-average experience. On our way out, we stopped in at the beer store to get a sampler - a six-pack for $33. The beer was fantastic and the prices probably reflect PA's archaic liquor laws more than anything else. But we were feeling none too jazzed about stopping in for another meal anytime soon. Final verdict: We've been back for the occasional beer but never another meal. Maybe that's a mistake. But first impressions are everything and our first impression of the Roman Bistro left us decidedly unimpressed.
2	With over a dozen visits to the Roman Bistro, I have come to the sad realization that a degradation in quality and service accompanied each sequential trek to the restaurant. Quite simply, I think the problem is one of consistency wherein the menu items (and the menu itself) are too variable and too unreliable, tasting and looking from visit to visit. Prior ordered favorites become a memory. This may be traced to different food preparers or "off days" in the kitchen. My most recent (and likely last) visit brought forth flatbread which was basically a shingle of matzo cracker with some forlorn chopped veggies aboard with a dollop of dipping sauce. The beet salad, lifeless lettuce partnered with a few canned beets, was sad indeed. I would bet that the chefs/cooks have been in transition and turn over. A place of promise, unfulfilled.
4	Party of four dined on Jan. 25.  Three of four were very happy with entrees.  The pork osso bucco was outstanding as the meat fell off the bone.  The lasagna and ravioli special were similarly tasty.  Only the cioppino was a little off, with an overly spicy flavor.  Salads were nicely prepared and fresh.
3	We went there for brunch and I had a pleasant time.  The furnishings and ambience were comfortable and there was plenty of room to move about. Service was decent but i think a few minor tweaks could really improve it. For instance, perhaps they are understaffed, but it wouldn't hurt for the server to at least make eye-contact or some kind of contact with the table so we aren't sitting there wondering what is going on.But on to the more important stuff - the food. The brunch had a nice variety of options including an omelet bar, lots of breakfast sweet breads like cinnamon rolls, pancakes, french toast,etc.  Their smoked salmon was a nice touch and tasted fresh. Their lunch options were a bit more meager ... including linguini in a pesto sauce, baked fish, chili, and perogies. As we were there before 11 perhaps they change the brunch menu as the day progresses. Breakfast or lunch, the dessert selections were great.  I highly recommend the oreo rice-krispy treats and the chocolate chip cookies.  Also, the bacon and sausage were a step-up from traditional breakfast meats.Either way, I thought it was a fair deal for $13 although I was a little surprised that coffee was additional but I liked that they didn't go crazy on the price.  Coffee was $2.A few quibbles ...Brew the coffee stronger - it looked like tea in the cup and one creamer turned it milk-likeSet the toaster to go a little darker - i realize that this could be difficult or that perhaps the user is to adjust itAdd a few lighter options, including more fruit, yogurt, etc.I look forward to going again.
1	We were recommended to try this place by two different people. What a disappointment. Twenty minute wait for glasses of water. Stale hard bread once it arrived. The spreads accompanying the bread tasted good but the bread wasn't worth eating. Half cooked, improperly cleaned mussels. Veal Parmesan was mostly breading and the veal itself was not flavorful. Slow service. Our server said four times she would be back with a box. Nothing redeeming to make me want to go back.
3	Roman Bistro is a welcome addition to Ardmore Blvd. I am happy to see more small businesses and coffee shops opening in Forest Hills.  I am conflicted about writing RB's review because each time that I have gone, I have had a completely different dining experience.  As a result, I'm giving it a "middle of the road" three stars.  Here's a brief summation of my trips.  They can be broken down to four types. CASUAL PENS GAMERB has several game-day specials like half price wings (5$ for a half dozen jumbo wings and bread), $2 Miller Lights (meh.), and select discounts on drafts/wine.  Their wings are really good and huge to boot. RB has 33 drafts and more in their bottle shop.  Definitely a fun place to catch the game, but I've gotten a listless vibe from the bartenders on more than one occasion.ROMANTIC-TYPE DINNER WITH BOYFRIENDBoyfriend and I used a coupon for a nice dinner one Friday evening.  Our waiter (this time) was very friendly, if slightly overwhelmed by the demands of his many tables.  For an appetizer, we ordered the Antipasto Plate with 'artisan cheeses and meats."  This couldn't be farther from the truth.  It looked and tasted like someone dumped their Giant Eagle deli selections on a plate.  Avoid.  The calamari with aioli was really delicious, however.  We also shared a bottle of red wine from their extensive wine list.  For entrees, I chose the lobster ravioli and boyfriend had the seafood special of they day.  We both enjoyed our meals but 1. they took a long time to get to us.  We were thinking of complaining when they finally arrived.  2. entrees are a la carte and I think for the price soup and/or salad would be appropriate inclusions. BOTTLE SHOPI've frequented their bottle shop for beers as it's a convenient walk from where I live.  The prices are very reasonable (a bit cheaper than D's), but sometimes I stood at the bar forever until someone helped me with my purchase.  BRUNCHOnly been once but aside from a few a la carte options, they also have an all you can eat brunch. A really tasty Sunday treat! I go here often enough that I will amend my rating if the waitstaff becomes more consistent. Overall, service is really polar.  Roman Bistro has some fantastic staff who are friendly and knowledgeable.  But some of the others remind me of disaffected youth forced to do community service after committing a minor crime. I will be happy to give this place four stars after a few more positive dining experiences!
1	I went into Roman Bistro with an open mind. I'm always interested in trying new independent restaurants in my area. We had a party of four on an April Friday night with reservations. We were about 15mins late for our reservations and they called to make sure we were still coming which was nice. The wait wasn't too long after we got there and was seated in the back room. Our waiter seemed shy and new on the job. We couldn't hear what he was saying and seemed to bounce around a lot. I ordered the Veal Parmesan as I was interested in trying an entree rather than my usual sandwich. Another member in our group ordered the lasagna and the waiter exclaimed that it after 15 minutes he placed the order wrong and it would be late. A beet salad was offered in exchange for this mistake. After 35/40 mins the food came out and was not very appealing. I began to cut into my veal and to my surprise it looked and tasted like chicken. I showed the waiter and he told me he didn't know what to say. The manager came over and told me it was veal. I showed him it clearly wasn't. He said they checked and it was veal that was ordered. I exclaimed that I understood that but I have chicken on my plate. After more arguing he went to the kitchen to investigate. Apparently someone got my veal and never realized it wasn't chicken. I was semi-satisfied with the chicken as I didn't want to wait for fresh veal and I never send anything back to the kitchen. The pasta was old and sticky and the sauce was horrible. This is not an Italian cuisine restaurant even though the name might suggest Roman food. The lasagne ended up coming out on time although it was obviously is was microwaved. Everyone's food was sub-par and the prices are double what they should be. I ended up not having to pay for me chicken/veal Parmesan which is the only positive I can take away from the horrible excuse for fine cuisine.
1	Food is pretty good, or at least the last time we actually ate there it was. Service has varied from o.k. to poor in the 3 or 4 times we actually ate there.  We had 7:15 reservations Friday night and at 8:00 we still weren't seated.  I won't return for the following reasons:  1. The front of the house is inept, to say the least.  Our first visit was right after they opened, and I excused the incompetence as part of the learning curve.  They haven't improved with time.  2. The noise level in the bar area makes it pointless to try to carry on a conversation. Outside is best, and the dining room in the rear has been acceptable in the past.  Bottom line - meals aren't cheap here and for your money, you can do better at a lot of other places.
4	My wife and I have been to Roman Bistro numerous time since it has opened.  We also live within walking distance which makes it easy to visit!  We visited opening night and had an enjoyable meal.  We have visited on several other times, especially for the live music they have at night.  They have a huge list of beers on tap!    Most recently I have dined twice for their Sunday brunch.  I highly recommend it!  They have a chef making omelets, waffles, and pancakes.  They have fresh eggs, eggs with veggies, delicious bacon and sausage, blintzes, and potatoes.  In addition they have some lunch options like fish, chichen, and linguini.  In addition to all that they also have a dessert bar and a bloody mary station.  Brunch only costs $13 which is a fantastic price for what you get.  Not the best food ever, but far from the worst.  All in all, good food and great atmosphere will keep us coming back to Roman Bistro!       On a side note, the commercial they have durings the Pens games are very cheesy and low quality.  They can probably improve their image by re-filming with higher quality cameras!Latest visit May 5, after the marathon.
4	I have dined at Roman Bistro at least three or four times since they opened last year. The restaurant fills a much needed niche that's above the local fast food chains and diner located next door. The location is convenient to Forest Hills residences, and though often almost filled, the parking lot usually has at least a couple spaces remaining.I personally enjoy the pizzettes. I have recently had both the Prosciutto E Arugula and Chicken & Artichoke, and both are very delicious. I also discovered last night that pizzettes are half off on Friday nights!Roman Bistro has a nice amount of beers on tap, and I am often undecided between a couple beers. Their mixed drinks have always been tasty and worth the money. I have tried the Mango Mojito, Milky Way Martini, and Espresso Martini and would order all three drinks again.I really like Roman Bistro and hope it's around for many years to come!
1	This review is the culmination of two visits where I ordered the following:1. Proscuitto e Arugula Pizzette & Bistro Burger2. Caprese Salad and Chicken SaltimboccaService: Adequate. Basically did what they were supposed to. I went at very off peak times so they were not busy, but on both occasions I was both seated and served quickly and my glass was refilled when needed.Food:Pizzette - way too doughy for me. I was informed before ordering it was not a traditional flatbread so I was not expecting that, but I also was not expecting something that more resembled deep-dish or a loaf of bread. Toppings were virtually non-existent. 1 small slice of tomato on each piece, and maybe one slice each of mozzarella and proscuitto spread out over the entire dish. For $12 me thinks not. Bistro Burger (ordered medium) - My impression was this was one of the those previously frozen burger patties from Costco, or at least it looked and tasted exactly like I remember them. Overcooked slightly but on these type of burger patties that's kind of hard not to do frtom personal experience. The pork belly was clearly cooked days earlier and just pulled out for the burger. Again, for $12 me thinks not. I can pay the same at Burgatory or Wingharts or any other host of places and not get a frozen pattie in the process, plus they are larger. Caprese Salad - Fine, what it was supposed to be. Saltimbocca - Pretty good. Probably the most enjoyable thing I ordered. Though not something I would make a special trip for. A little on the salty side as they probably season the chicken breast even though they are placing a very salty piece of prosciutto on it. The bottom line is the meal prices just don't jive with either the portion sizes or the quality of ingredients. You can easily charge $12 for a burger...just not a frozen patty one. If I wanted that I would go to Wendy's and pay 1/4 of that. The biggest beef (no pun intended) I have with the place, are shady business practices. I purchased 2 DoubleTakeDeal vouchers good for $40 worth of casual dining. On my first visit, which was a Friday afternoon, this process was executed flawlessly as I pulled the voucher up on my phone and the served recorded the number and applied it to my bill. My schedule allowed me to return the following day, Saturday, for lunch as well. Here I was told these vouchers are not permitted to be used on Friday's and Saturday's. I responded that was odd since I had done that very thing just the day before without incident and without any mention of said policy to not honor these certificates on Friday's and Saturday's. Just as importantly, I commented this stipulation is listed no where on the voucher or on the DoubleTakeDeals page. As such, by law they should be required to honor the certificate. They chose not too. If it were my mistake and I simply did not read thoroughly that's on me, but this was not the case in this situation. I just have no patience for business practices like this, particularly as a small business owner myself. If it were me, even if it did say it wasn't valid then, I would have made an exception and honored it for the day as a good faith gesture considering someone took time out of there day to drive to my establishment and had already sat down to order. Particularly on a day were my restaurant had maybe 15 people in it. I've already requested a refund from DoubleTakeDeals for my remaining voucher and hopefully never have to return to this place. I can see why the reviews are what they are.
3	This is a neighborhood place near my fiance that has a friendly corkage policy.  Super nice and friendly staff with very good service.  If you want to eat outdoors you'll be contending with a boulevard, parking lot, and smokers.  Inside is nicer.  The salads were excellent, and the two dishes we had (veal parmigiana and linguine with clams) were in the good to very good category. The pasta did have a different consistency that may be due to their homemade recipe perhaps...it was good, but not great.  The veal and clams were also good, but not great.  I would go back and try some other dishes next time.
5	I was very impressed at the food and ambiance of the Place.  Forest hills has very little to offer when it comes to bistro settings.  This place combines the bistro atmosphere, wine, craft beer, great food and a large and diverse menu. The salmon was grilled and exceptional.  I recommend it highly.  Also, Tuesday is half off the house wine which was a pleasant find.
3	I only went there once to watch a hockey game and here is what I can say about the place.  It looks very nice both inside and out.  I didn't eat anything there although the meals that came out around me were good.  I sat at the bar and when the game came on, they changed every TV in the place to the game (including the Penn St. Game that some people were watching).  There are roughly 12-15 TV in the bar area which is the front of the restaurant.  As I was there, I ordered a pumpkin beer.  Their beer selection was quite extensive.  They brought it in a small glass, which wasn't a big deal.  What was a big deal is when I found out the small glass of beer was $8.00.  I was very surprised by that because I know I can get a large 20 oz. bottle (bomber bottle) at other places for that price.  I have even paid $5-$6 for that same beer at other restaurants.  That's quite a lot for maybe a 12 oz. beer at best.  When I ordered a miller lite, it was 16oz and was only $3.00.  Much more reasonable.I actually tried to get a reservation there on a Saturday night one time and when I called about a party of 6, they told me the only reservation they had was at 4:30.  I would definitely recommend planning long in advance if you want a larger party there.I am actually hoping to go there another time to experience the food but will keep in mind the over priced bar menu when I go there.  The parking lot is somewhat small but about the right size because the restaurant isn't as large as it appears.
4	I have been there for beer andburger (lots on tap), dinner with family, and Thanksgiving day buffet. It is a clean looking environment and updated. Beer experience is great with the amount of selection. Burger was mediocre, I won't go here for a good burgerDinner was delicious, all 6 entrees the family got we're very good (pizza and pastas). The only gripe I had was how long it took. Thanksgiving day buffet elevated my rating of this place another 1/2 star because every traditional dish was available and very tasty. The little beer store in the back is convenient and I have always been rung up quickly when stopping in.
5	Just Awesome!  I was so impressed by this place.  Loved the food. It is on the upscale side - but not snotty. Pricing, I though was very good for the quality of food.  This is my new favorite restaurant in the area TY!
4	Had a great time here, we wanted something on the light side, we tried some flat bread pizzas. Absolutely loved everything,  so fresh, the bread and dipping oils. Service was great. Planning to go back for Death by Chocolate
3	Loved the atmosphere would go back to try different menu items. I wasn't a fan of the ceaser shrimp salad. It had zucchini and string beans in it. It was different but not in a good way. The shrimp were good. Seasoned right and they gave a nice portion.
5	Been back a few more times since last review (closest restaurant to home) and they are still serving great food but the service had really stepped it up a notch. the waiters/waitress are fantastic and go out of their way to make sure your happy and they are personable. again, the sausage gnocchi is still my favorite. keep it up!
5	Great food, great service and great drink specials during the week.  Easy to get to just 2 miles off the parkway east Forest Hills exit.
1	Before I begin this review, I want to let you know that I have given this restaurant the benefit of the doubt FIVE times, always leaving disappointed in some way.  Last night was the "clincher" -- I went with my husband and several friends for dinner.  I ordered the Cod Father (which was better THIS time -- last few times it had been way too spicy for a fish sandwich, in my opinion); my husband had the scallops (4 scallops and a small side of vegetables which he said were very good); our two friends ordered the lobster ravioli, also served with a small side of vegetables (they, too, thought their meals were good).  Putting aside the fact that I think the meals are way over-priced for what you get (i.e. very small portions) and that everything else is ala cart, we all enjoyed our evening.  Then came the bill fiasco.   My husband and I picked up the bill and were paying part with a credit card and part with a gift card we had received for Christmas 2013.  After 15 minutes the waiter came over to apologize for the delay but since our gift card was "old" they couldn't process it (apparently they just got a new computer program which couldn't  "read" the card).  He indicated that the manager was on the phone with the card company trying to figure out how to process the card.  I advised him to just put the entire bill on the credit card and give us a "new" gift card.   After another 10 minutes he came back and said "are you sure you want me to charge this to your credit card -- we can wait until we reach someone and figure out your gift card?"  I said no, we really needed to leave and just use my credit card.  After ANOTHER 5 minutes the manager came over and said that she was "working on" the gift card issue but really couldn't do anything until she reached someone at the gift card company.  We AGAIN asked that the bill be charged to my credit card and that she could reimburse us for the amount of the gift card.  Nope, she couldn't do that.  My husband finally told her to call the owner (which she must have done because it was no more than a minute or so later that she came over with our cash refund of the gift card).  During this entire fiasco (which took over 30 minutes) we were not offered a complimentary drink or desert (or even a piece of candy!) for our inconvenience.  What she did finally say was that we were welcome to come back again for a complimentary meal.  Having said that, we were not given anything to PROVE we could have a free meal, just her word.   In sum:  Food is good (but overpriced and small portions); Service: our waiter was very good (and extremely apologetic); the manager, in my opinion, seemed incompetent with respect to holding a "managerial position" and was certainly not concerned with resolving/satisfying a customer complaint.  I know this review is lengthy (now you know how WE felt waiting for our check!) but I wanted to be totally honest.
5	Great food! Great service! We've been there a few times and will continue to go back!
4	The food was excellent and so was the service. Brandon and Cody took great care of us, and the stuffed banana peppers and ravioli were both superb! This was our first time. We'll be back!
1	I have friends who have gone to this restaurant and had great service, food, etc. We went Saturday evening with a party of 10 that we had reservations for and were there for 3 1/2 hours, not by choice. We were waiting on one more individual who arrived at 6:20, our waitress didn't take his drink order until 6:40 and didn't take our dinner orders until 7:30! Our food didn't come out till around 8:20 - we ate then asked for our cake that we had brought for a birthday, they thought they had lost it and took 15 minutes to find it. All of this while carrying some statue around the restaurant, not saying excuse me to any of the people at our table and almost knocking their heads off with it! The icing on the cake (no pun intended) was when they did not split our bill as we had asked at the start of the meal, then couldn't do so correctly and blamed the point of sale system. After the mangaer came over to help and we told her how disappointed we were with our service, she simply made excuses and did not appologize once for the lack fo service. It was ridiculous. To top it off, my pasta which was supposed to be in a tomato cream sause was basically swimming in a pool of butter. Over priced, awful service and will NEVER go back!
4	We love this place.  It is the first place in the area that we have liked.  The food was great!  The service was slow on our last visit, but I just think it was our waiter.  We feel very lucky to have such a great place so close to home.
4	We went there for the Monday Night Football game.  1/2 off Wings night was a bonus! Great wings and specials on drinks made it a fun night.
4	Had dinner there for my anniversary the other night.  The food was delicious, the service was great, and the portions were generous.They are a bit pricey, but they do have Groupons available,
4	I really enjoy this place.  So far... my favorite is the beet salad.  I can't stop getting it!!!  I've also had the poutine, bada bing shrimp, and Italian wedding soup.  All were decent.  Bada bing shrimp was just OK.  I wouldn't order it again though.The bar is this place's asset.  Bartenders are great!  They have an awesome beer selection here with the ever enticing mystery beer! It's not one of my go to places in the area for casual food.
4	The staff here is always so friendly and helpful! Plus the food is amazing! The Bada-bing shrimp is so so good!
5	This place is great. High quality food and very nice inside. It's classic in look and menu style. Every day offers a different deal and specials. They always have wine tasting beer tasting and entertainment. Their Sunday all you can eat brunch is amazing as well as endless. It features everything from made to order waffles to a slab of fresh salmon. I have never been disappointed in anything I have eaten here. Not a food chain and done properly.
