4	The Roasting Oven is a good place to get a different flavor experience. The owner told me it was Cuban/Latin American fusion menu. I love Mexican/Spanish foods, so I figured I'd like it. They have fried plantains, yucca, and other things I have only seen on the FoodNetwork but had yet to try. I'll be honest, I did not try them on my first visit either! I have heard from friends that the rotisserie chicken was awesome and so was their homemade breads. On my first visit I had the Burger 2000 with fries and my friend had the marinated beef tips dinner. Both meals were very, very good. The burger was huge and the homemade bun just melted in my mouth. REALLY! My friend's beef tips were so well flavored and tender. The gilled veggie side was so good too, but she said she would have preferred more onions and the tomatoes instead of mainly green peppers. The rice was very soft, moist and not sticky and clumpy. It could have used a little more flavor though.  Here's the negatives. The side orders are quite high. I had to order my fries as a side since no burgers come with fries and the small was 1.59 and a large was 2.49. I got the large and it was not alot of fries. I am looking at the take-out menu and here's some prices of other sides; fried yucca-small 2.99 large-3.99; rice and beans-2.99; potato salad-1.49. I wish I could get a burger platter that would include fries. In this economy I am big on getting more bang for my buck so portion sizes are very important  All in all, it was very good and I am definitely going to go back and try some fried paltains and the chicken. If you're looking for something different for dinner for about twenty bucks I wwould suggest you give them a whirl!
4	Good food not very expensive. I had the roasted chicken sandwich. It was very good. My son had the bbq and loved it
4	Attempt #1 to visit Roasting Oven: Mission Unaccomplished.  We tried tracking the address and map on Yelp and it took us to Plaza Fiesta where we wandered into the middle courtyard where the giant kid play contraption (aka germ magnet) exists and much to our disappointment, it was closed. However we did not go hungry and found a kick ass Mexican place.Attempt #2 to visit Roasting Oven: Mission Accomplished!! We did more research and found they moved to Gold Hill Road just off I-77. It actually is a much better place for anyone in Fort Mill or Tega Cay to run in and grab dinner to go when they're too lazy to cook.  In fact, even if they aren't too lazy, The Roasting Oven's rotisserie chicken probably is the best in town.  Great flavor and moistness. The sides (especially the frozen corn) were generally unimpressive and beans were average. The sides at Genaro's in Pineville are better. But the The fried plantains are the exception- they are very well done.  We got a family pack and a couple sides that fed 3 of us for $25.They have a bar, but skip the grape juice infused sangria. The casual environment has plenty of indoor seating and outdoor seating as well under a covered pergola.  We would return for the chicken and sounds like they have some other good dishes. The daughter of the family that owns it was incredibly professional and friendly.
2	Had this bookmarked for a long time. And since my daughters orthodontist is not far from here, we stopped by on our way home. It is very simply decorated and clean inside. There was only one worker that I saw and it was early evening on a Monday so maybe they get busy later or on different days.There were not many choices in the dessert case. (picture)There is a nice covered patio for eating during warmer weather. We purchased the family pack which is supposed to come with salad AND 2 sides. well half way home (30 minute drive) we discovered it was FORGOTTEN. DRAT!!Anyway once home we opened our containers- she showed me at the place and I was a bit disappointed that the whole chicken was already cut into 1/4s.  i guess I was expecting something like the whole chicken you can get at the grocery store for around $6 that is left whole. And the 2 sides were in 4 different little containers (picture)NOW- i am picky about my coleslaw so i asked to taste it first before ordering as a side. It was lightly coated with a mayo type stuff that had a tangy sweetness to it (reminded me of miracle whip) although it was good, it didn't knock my socks off. So i ask if the red rice is made in house, she said yes.  WELL..........................red rice is something close to uncle Ben's type rice with a funky flavor that I must say reminded me of cardboard.The other side of mac and cheese  took one bite and spit it in the trash- wax like glue cheese coating that did not taste anything near cheese (this is the south- we know mac and cheese).Now I really wish I had gotten my salad because all I got to eat was the chicken.I am a white meat eater and the chicken was a little dry- not super dry but you could tell it was made early in the day and had sat for a while. The seasoning is nice, but amazingly oily skin (where all the seasoning is) . It would be great if they could inject it to prevent the drying out as well as getting the flavor into the meat itself. I may return to try another item on the menu- but as far as getting the chicken i think I will just stick with my local grocery store since I can call ahead and find out what time they will come off fresh and just pop down the road. The variety on the menu is great- but hopefully better than the sides we received. OH I asked if the green beans were seasoned at all and she said no- so that makes me think they are canned- and who doesn't have a can of beans in your pantry collecting dust anyway. If i do return I will be sure to get a side like fries or a baked potato since that would be hard to screw up.CHEERS!
5	While on yelp looking for a Cuban restaurant.. I happened upon this spot and decided to check it out.. what a find.. it's actually Peruvian.. the food was so great I ate lunch and took two dinners with me.. the owner the nice & staff was pleasant.. if you like spicy, ask for the green sauce..better yet the yellow one is awesome.. I had the rotisserie chicken.. yummy..I'll be back.. thank you yelp
5	Our first time here and I had the chicken salad and my husband had a sandwich. We both loved our food choices and were very surprised at the quality of food for the price. The young man at the counter was very friendly and we were in and out in less than 30 minutes. Very satisfied and will eat there again.
2	This place came highly recommended but we must have got them on an off night. My son had grilled ham & cheese, which he wasn't inclined to finish. I ordered a quarter chicken with fried yucca and maduros which was fairly good. My fiance ordered the piqueo which was the most expensive dish on the menu touting a mix of fried pork, chicken, and sausage - which were butterflied hot dogs. Everything was extremely dry and difficult to eat on this plate. The yucca was great but hardened quickly upon getting cold. We were not impressed at all and won't be back. Not sure if we caught them on a off night or what, but this experience was a sad disappointment.
2	Not the greatest, not coming back.Grilled chicken breast sandwich: WAY more bread than meat. Chicken was pounded so thin was chewy and maybe 4oz. No side weird1/4 rotisserie chicken dark meat looked more like 1/8 and the green beans were very bland
2	PRICE: $20.00 for two; Classic Burger, Fried Pork Sandwich and two pops. FOOD: The burger was and tasted like a frozen patty. The size of the fried pork sandwich is intimidating, but the taste and expected flavors are absent. THE RESTAURANT: one would expect to order fresh food from a roasting oven, hence the name "Roasting Oven". However, the oven was turned off and food is cooked in a regular industrial oven. The tables are covered with black leather clothes and are sticky. The service was basic and the employees or the manager don't come around asking patrons how the food tastes.
