5	Dr. Kelli Smith and her awesome team deserves 5 stars!From the minute I walked in to the minute I walked out, I was very pleased with their service. The receptionist, to the assistant, to Dr. Smith herself; everyone made me feel like a valued customer.Came in for a super duper long overdued general eye exam. Her assistant was very thorough with me and explained what each machine does. Dr. Smith was also thorough and took her time with me on my eye exam. She was patient when I had questions.I had some specific frames I had in mind but this Optic Gallery does not carry that style. So the receptionist was kind enough to call another location and asked if they carried the brand.
5	I am very pleased with the service I received from Dr Smith and her staff.  Everyone there was very friendly and made it easy for me to feel very relax from the first visit to the 5th .  It has been over 2 years since I had used contact lenses and I remembered why I stopped.  The experience I had from my old Optometrist was very unsettling.  It seemed very rushed; as I remembered, I stop using them 3 months after I got them since I was getting blur vision and was told this is normal. However, I finally got fitted with new contacts and it only took THREE try and guess what.  No blur vision or that irritating/annoying sting I use to get.  What I love most is how patient Dr Smith was and how she worked with me until I was very comfortable with my new contacts.   Honestly, I have no reason to go anywhere else for my eye exam and the best part is that she has earned my family's yearly eye exam.  I highly recommend others to use OPTIC GALLERY.
2	It took me 27 days to get my glasses the reason was the frame got lost? I will think twice to recommend any friend and I don't think going back to Optic Gallery the worst they not even apologize.
5	Dr. Kelly and her crew took all the time necessary to make sure that I had a GREAT experience with this whole ordeal. I would like to say that I was incredibly impressed with Dr. Kelly and the fact that she asked me not once but four times if there were any questions that I had for her!
5	I will definitely go back to Optic Gallery.  Dr. Paez and his staff were knowledgeable and helpful in helping me choose my contacts and glasses.  They also have a wide variety of frames to choose from.  I will recommend them to everyone!!\
1	The app says no appointment needed but when I walked in that's the first thing they ask. They were saying they were busy but the people in the back didn't have anything just talking about last night. Well I wish them luck because I know I won't be coming back hope no one else has this experience.
5	Dr. Kelli Smith answered all of my questions and was very thorough with my general visit. It took me a while to pick out my frames, but they were very patient and worked with my needs! I recommend this office for everyone living in the Spring Valley region :)
5	I got in pretty quick, probably less than 20 min. The ladies in the front were very nice and welcoming. When Dr. Kelli came in she immediately made me feel comfortable, she's so nice and personable. The appointment was quick. Angelica was also very nice, she helped me with my glasses. I will def keep going back and I would refer people to go there as well.
1	I wasn't even seen. When I called the office to let them know I would possibly be 10minutes late due to an accident on Decatur, I was told that it's fine. But upon arrival, the receptionist promptly said, "you can't be seen today, because we are too booked. How's the 27th?" I responded with my apology regarding my arrival, but also added that I need to be examined sooner because the headaches from my squinting are becoming unbearable. All to which she stated, "So you're seeing another doctor?" Her crassness and obvious annoyance just pissed me off. When I walked in she was talking about how badly she needed to replace a rhinestone on her nail. Never going there.
5	This place is on point. Top notch eyecare, quality Eyewear, Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Nice location, and good vibes. I like the bagels next door. What else, yeah don't be a sucker and go elsewhere Optic Gallery is the place. They also have another location on the other side of town, both awesome places. All I can say this place is better then Lens Crappers and most Doctors in town.
5	The place is clean and the ladies here are so helpful! Especially the lady that fix eyeglasses ( I didn't catch her name sorry) She worked with our payments since we were on Medicaid and did not have the total payment out of pocket..we paid half and half will be due when we pick up my eyeglasses! Fast, straightforward service! We will go there again!
5	Outstanding service! I had a very short wait (5-10" max) and was processed expeditiously. I found the staff friendly and accommodating. I have a very unusual eye condition and both the staff and optometrist worked with me. They really went the extra mile to accommodate my exquisite light sensitivity. Dr. Smith nailed my eye prescription. I really didn't expect such good results on the first go around. I can definitely recommend this office! Truly 5 star service!
5	Needed a last minute appt for two and was able to schedule it for the next day. Quick service, no waiting. All the ladies there were sweet and very helpful. Great customer service, even my husband commented on it. Was hesitant to order glasses as we all know how costly it can get... But they do have reasonable prices and a great selection. Will definitely go back!
