5	I hired Marissa for my wedding and she and her makeup artist showed up on time, ready to work and were extremely professional, not to mention we had a great time while getting ready! She was able to take my inputs as well as the bridesmaids to do beautiful unique hairstyles, that she executed quickly and efficiently. My bridesmaids and my hair and makeup came out beautiful, and I've already recommended Royal Tease Hair & Makeup to several others.
5	Marissa made my daughters prom extra special!  She is not only a hair artist, but her positive and fun attitude added to the experience, helping us make a memory that will last a lifetime.  We have had the pleasure of having Marissa create special occasion hair styles several times, and each time we have been thrilled with the results.  We highly recommend Marissa for all of your special occasion events where you want extra special hair styles!
2	I was referred to Marissa by a coworker, so I booked a trial run. On the phone, she told me she would do a no charge trial since I was referred. She didn't show up for the appointment. Got a voicemail saying she forgot to ask for my address. It left me wondering if I was supposed to go to her instead. ???After many phone calls, phone tag & leaving a few messages/texts, she came over for the trial. I went ahead & hired her for my wedding day since I was quickly running out of time. She had to bring another person to do the airbrush makeup because she said her machine was broken. I had her do mine & my daughter's hair, airbrush makeup on me & traditional makeup on my daughter. When it came time to pay, her tablet wasn't working properly, so it took some time trying to get that straightened out. She also added in a charge for the trial (that she offered to do at no charge). Total came to $390 & eventually, since the payment processing wasn't working, she said she would process the payment later. I guess the hair & makeup looked ok. I was hoping for something with more of a "wow" factor for my wedding day, but it still looked nice.Overall, too much trouble & too expensive. Would NOT recommend.
