4	I work in Tempe and this Counsin's Subs in quickly becoming one of my favorite lunch spots.They are quick!  I've never waited more than 5 mins for my food.  Usually my sub is ready even before I get my fountain drink.I love their cold veggie sub but the one that keeps me coming at night is their Italian Special.  I just don't want it to end.  I get it on their Italian bread and they have little containers with vinegar and oil off the to side that I shake up and drizzle on.Give it a try if you are in a rush and wanting a tasty satisfying sub.
5	One of the best sub places in the valley. When I worked by here, I'd go here nearly every day for lunch.
5	I never thought I would give a chain restaraunt 5 stars, but I work close to work.  I find myself going to Cousins because its priced well and usually before I am done paying for my sandwich, its already made for me.  The owner and her employees are always very friendly unlike the zit faced morons at Jack in the box, Subway or other chains.  The italian sub on italian bread is 10x better than any Subway sub.  well there ya go, take it or leave it, if you want a very quick place to grab a sando for under $6 go here!  Visit me if you are looking for a new car or truck at Centennial Leasing and sales and ask for Gary!  My inventory is at www.autobrokeraz.com
2	I felt lazy to drive to a better place to eat, but since it was next door I came here. The staff isnt the friendlyest and the food reflects it. They are very cheap on the amount of meats they put on the sandwich. You get more at Subway, if you want to compare. Also, for what they charge your better off going to another place. If you want a really good sub sandwich, go to Jimmy Johns. They have much better service, food and always have a friendly greeting when entering or leaving there.
1	Turned into parking lot and there were two ladies on the side of the building smoking. They see me walk in so they come inside. I did not see them wash their hands. Lady who took my order reeked of cigarette smoke.The combo meal was close to $9. There was not much meat on the bread. Walking out I felt I had been overcharged for a bad lunch. Before I pulled out of the parking lot the two ladies were on the side of the building smoking again. Will never go to Cousins again. Too many other sub places to choose from. Even if the price for the combo meal was reasonable the woman just reeked badly of smoke. Spend less time smoking and more time running your business or soon you wont have a business and you will have all day to smoke.
5	We grab lunch here once or twice a week. The staff is friendly and are quick to remember your name, and even your "usual" order and have it ready for you when they see you walk in the door.
2	Love the sandwiches, still, and am happy to see a Cousin's is opening in Mesa on Greenfield/I60.  BUT, this location on Washington... it used to be great and when I worked in Tempe, I'd drive all the way to get that great Cousin's bread.  Stopped in the other day, very excited to get a Cousins Sub.  Place was messy, HOT (in February), they were out of all but 2 types of bread and were turning some customers away who didn't want the regular Italian white bread.  They used to be friendly; not so much anymore.  Cousins Subs is still the best and I'll be visiting the new one in Mesa, but I won't visit this location anymore.
1	Being new to town, I stopped here on my lunch hour.  For one, the parking is awful.  Two, you need binoculars to read their menu.  The print is SO SMALL.  The lady at the counter was very helpful, I must say.  She wasn't impatient, just listed the sandwiches.  I decided on a ham and cheese on multi-grain.  I asked for it to be heated.  Service was fast, and I was out of there in less than 10 minutes, I think.Now for the sandwich.  I had to take two bites before I hit the meat, and if I hadn't opened the sandwich, I would have thought they forgot the cheese.  VERY skimpy on the meat and cheese portions.  The bread was okay, but I've had much better at Blimpies and Port-o-Sub.  Not to mention both put a LOT more meat and cheese on their sandwiches.  Not worth the money, not going back.  Sorry, Cousins.
4	Fill out a survey on line and receive free fries/ bag of chips & a drink with a purchase of a 7 1/2" sub. Yum-O
4	Love this spot for lunch! The staff is friendly and they try to get your order down by memory if you come in frequently. I like that they are personable and kind. They have messed up my order twice, but fixed it right away. Try the tuna! No veggies mixed in so you can get it plain if you are picky like me. Do the survey on your receipt for free chips and a drink!
4	Love this place for a quick easy lunch. I work in the area and it isn't the best part of town and so I am picky about where I go for lunch. The staff here is friendly and quick. They make a tasty sub.
5	Cousins by FAR has the best subs around. Whatever Jared is pushing doesn't come close.The staff here is super friendly. I'd like to think it's mainly due to the owner being a fellow Midwesterner, but I might be biased ;)Ordering is a little different than other popular sub shops.  You order at the cash register and tell them up front any changes you'd like from what the sub normally gets.  They have 5 bread choices, and the multi grain is amazingly good.  I'm going to assume it's healthy too... But if I wasn't I wouldn't mind either.The bread is always baked fresh and the meats and cheeses are nice and cold.   My multi grain was soft and fluffy, without being squishy.  Top it off with a fresh baked cookie and you'll be a happy camper. I prefer the chocolate chip.I've catered from here also.  I usually speak to the manager and she is very friendly and helpful.  I tell her how many people I want to feed and she makes suggestions of what to get.  The subs for catering come in a box which is easy to carry and serve in the office.  Price point is very reasonable for catering orders, usually $7-9 per person depending on how many salads and chips and sodas I order. HIGHLY recommend.
1	I have been to this sub shop a few times.  The subs are well below average.  The only reason I go in here is because of it's proximity to my workplace.  However, I have now been in there for the last time.  I recently went in and ordered the Philly cheese steak.  When I got the sub and sat down, I looked inside and there was hardly any meat.  I am not usually one to complain.  If I don't like a place I simply won't go back.  My wife was with me and said I should go back and say something.  I took it up to the counter, asked them if they could put more steak in the sub.  They said no because the meat is weighed and a sub only gets 3.75 ounces of meat.  I told her to look at my sub as I opened it.  I said my first and last bite will be nothing but bread.  Then she offered to put more meat on the sub even though she is not supposed to.  I said never mind, I'll eat it and just not come back.  At least at subway, for 5 bucks i can walk out of there full.... This place is garbage.
4	If you want unbelievably tasting, but also healthy dishes-come to Cousins Subs! The service was also excellent and the atmosphere very relaxing.
