3	Got a Groupon for 25 dollars that was good for archery practice for two. The gf and I went, we had tons of fun. The employees were informative and gave everyone pointers when they saw we needed them and I needed a lot! We will definitely be back.
5	About a week ago I went out on a limb and splurged $200 on a bran new, well discounted 55 pound Bear longbow. It was the last one collecting dust on the shelf of a Gander Mountain. I decided it's been just too long since I last dabbled in the awesome sport of archery.I quickly realized the world is at a tragic lack of places to hone your skills at shooting arrows. Plenty of gun ranges, but I found just this one archery range: Barefoot. So far from where I lived I incorporated a visit into a trip I was taking down to Charlotte anyways. From the moment I walked in with my bow and arrows ready I was pretty blown away. The selection of bows, arrows, accessories and repair items was endless. They have both recurve and compound bows. I'm not into compound bows personally but the place is friendly to whoever comes around regardless of what you shoot.The owner and shop-keep Jesse cut my arrows down to size, changed the nocks out so the fletchings faced the right way for a longbow and reapplied the inserts for next-to-nothing. After a solid hour of shooting as much as my arms and hands could take it was just $10 for the range fee. Before leaving and after scouring the store once more Jesse helped me find a perfectly sized soft-shell case that fit both my bow and my arrows snugly inside.I will DEFINITELY be back!
5	This place is Equipped!  Nice setup and GREAT Information!  Archery is a Fun Sport and anyone interested should check out this place and get the instruction to go with the Desire to be the best Archer your skills/Neurological efficiency will allow!Recreation!  The first Requirement for Recreation is FUN!  Especially if you are good at the Activity!  May not be so fun if you have no skills!!!   You can learn and hone your skills Here!  My Family has been interested in and practicing Archery for at least three Generations!Hunting : The Quieter Approach!  I'm not a Hunter, though this almost Silent Approach, when and where Legal, should be considered! Self Defense?  In certain situations Bow and Arrows could be a Valuable, even Preferred Option!  Climate and Weather extremes for prolonged periods can be trying challenging for some weapons that ideally would be kept dry to work safely or at all, the Bow works plenty well right out of the water, snow, mud, sand, etc. say if you were swimming a mile across a lake or hiding like Rambo in a River!Cleaning and Maintenance is MINIMAL on a Bow:  Compared to a Handgun there is NO comparison, Few moving parts and few places for Gunk to hide!Style, YES!  I used to own a very streamlined Pistol Crossbow - Exotic and Easily concealable, easily transportable... Though even with it's  lightweight and compact Design advantages, you could not assemble and load it in under two seconds... in this particular situation you may do better with a handgun or a throwing star, a switchblade or a Chainsaw, a Grease gun or a Wrist Rocket, a roll of Duct tape or a hand of rocks, a Cannon or a Kettle-bell as long as the kettle-bell was not too Heavy!
3	Had a Groupon for $25 for archery lessons for 2.  When I called they told me that "all weekend appointments were booked" even though my Groupon didn't expire for 3 months.  Hubs couldn't go during the day so I went by myself.  It was fun, the instructor was definitely helpful, and the store appeared to be a great resource for those into hunting and archery.  I am a little bummed that I only got 1/2 value out of the Groupon, and that the Hubs didn't get to go with me.  They should either advertise that on the Groupon or offer a single purchase option.  Overall a good experience.
4	As a complete novice in the world of hunting and/or archery, I cannot intelligently comment on how full or varied Barefoot's shop offerings are (though I did see a lot of things that looked capable of shooting...stuff...), I was quite pleased by the service Husband and I received when we went to cash in our group coupon for an hour of archery for 2. A quick call the morning we wanted to go verified that they were open and available, and we were just told to "Come on down!" Upon arriving, we were led to their shooting range, a narrow, long room adjacent to the main body of the shop. Some concise, direct tutelage later, we were leased on our targets! The instructor was obviously very capable, and recited his credentials in a laid-back, offhanded sort of way - you know, just a several year champion placer in various national shooting competitions. Whatever. We appreciated the instruction, but also appreciated being left to our own devices after the introductory lesson. Some 50-odd minutes of target practice later, we left with sore thumbs and shoulders, and big smiles on our faces. While, for me, archery proved a novelty that I would only occasionally be interested in revisiting, Husband really took a shine to it and proclaimed that he would want to more regularly visit in the future.If you have the inkling and the means, and any sort of curiosity about the sport, Barefoot would be a great place to try your hand at the bow and arrow. Their normal rate of $25 for an hour of shooting for one is not a bad deal at all, and if you can seize on a group deal ($25 for two people), it's even better!
5	This was my first time trying my hand at archery. I had a great time here. The staff was very friendly and helpful.  If we lived in the area we'd definitely become regulars,  but I'm glad we made this part of our vacation.
1	I really can't comment on the quality of instruction or the products sold by this business. We didn't even get past the guy who answered the phone. He was so short and rude to my wife that we'll likely never make it out to see them in person. I really don't know if others have had this problem, but I felt like I should post something so that other people can tell us whether this is typical or if we just had a random bad experience.
5	This was the first time I'd ever tried archery. I didn't even know this was an option or the place existed until I found a Groupon. I got a "two for one" deal on an hour lesson with equipment rental ($25). Before I scheduled I read the reviews on Yelp and kept the negative ones in mind, but my experience was the exact opposite of the negative reviews on here - it was awesome!  My review will be longer than normal to give another point of view to people who turn to Yelp when buying a Groupon. When I called to schedule my groupon it was in the middle of the day on a weekday. The guy I spoke to was nice and helpful. I asked if there were better days to come when it wasn't as busy and when there would be less kids (because that's my preference). He told me weekdays are better for what I was looking for, the latest times I could schedule and offered up two week nights to try. I picked my day/time, he scheduled me and that was it. Easy. On the day of my appointment I received excellent treatment and the staff were so nice, helpful and really took their time with us. They set up two lanes for us and we were the only ones there for our lesson. Our instructor was very thorough and explained everything from the rules to how to hold/aim/shoot. She offered suggestions and even shot an arrow for us when I asked her to since it's easier for me to learn when I can see someone else that knows what they're doing. Since it was slow, she offered to take pictures for us and we were even invited to stay past our hour lesson.After my lesson I even talked to them about their negative reviews on Yelp. They explained they offer a high volume of Groupons, have been in business for 44 years and were shocked to see the negative reviews on Yelp. Based on my talks with the staff and my personal experience, I think the negative experiences/phone calls others had were exceptions to their "normal service". I enjoyed my overall experience and will go back. I will also update my review if my opinion changes, but I don't expect to have any issues.
5	A few months ago I had a crazy idea, I wanted to start archery as a hobby. I joined the archery club at UNCC but Unfortunately I was not allowed to practice with the club until I was given a proper intro lesson. I kept my eye out for a deal and I found this place on Groupon. When we arrived at this location we were a little surprised to see that it was an indoor range but we had so much fun regardless of that. The owner Jessie was so nice and his son offered us great tips on how to shoot the bows. Our Groupon was for only an hour but the owner allowed us to shoot for as long as we wanted which was really nice. Overall it was a great experience and we would definitely go back for another practice round or to buy archery gear. It costs about $25 per person to shoot for an hour which is not a bad price for a beginner who doesn't own any archery equipment.
5	An archery session was a birthday present my BFF and it was a first time for both of us. Jessie, the owner, was wonderful and patient. He took time to help us get the correct bow for our heights and worked with us on our form. He had excellent safety tips as well.  I found it to be extremely relaxing after a long day and this is something I could really get into. I will for sure be back and so will my friend.
