4	I met a friend here for lunch today and was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant was packed when we got there.  We were seated very quickly and given a little stainless steel bowl for our stir fry.  We proceeded to the bar where we added various different types of fresh meats, spices, veggies, and sauces.  We turned the bowl into the grill and they cooked it with whatever starch you request (rice, udon noodles, etc).  They were really busy for lunch so there were some lines for the grill but it wasn't bad.The waitress bought out our stir fry once it was cooked and it we both thought it was really good.  The staff is very friendly, I will definitely be back for more.
2	Very dissapointed in our visit. Went on a Saturday night. The waiting area was very disorganized. The resturant is congested when busy and awkward getting around. They give you a small metal bowl with directions on how to fill it and then take it over to the grill guys. The line, which is like a buffet, was slow and awkward especailly getting the vegetables. If you have someone who doesn't know what they want in front of you, it holds up the whole line. They do have 2 lines (both were slow). Between the people and the awful sounding loud music, it was hard to hear even sitting across the table. Service was a bit slow. And to top it off, my wife, who was wearing white pants, sat in some spilled soy sauce and stained the back of her pants. The waitress offered some napkins. The manager seemed like he didn't give a crap. Waitress should have wiped the seat after the last table.The food was good, not fantastic, but good. The bowl didn't fill me but didn't want to go through that again so I didn't opt with the endless bowl. We basically served ourselves. There is really no need for any waitresses.Good luck!
3	if you're in charlotte reading this review, this place is good.  check it out if you've never been to a mongolian grill or even if you have.  i myself have been to a couple mongolian grills and none of them have been bad.  this one is no exception.if you're in atlanta reading this review, it's like the real chow baby, but they make it a little easier to not mess up your stir fry.i thought mine would taste horrible because i mixed almost every protein in my bowl, but it actually ended up tasting pretty good although a bit over seasoned.  trust them when they say a dash of seasoning goes a long way.  like previous reviews said, if you mess it up, it's yo fault.  the bowls, although small, ended up to be a decent portion. our server was very friendly to my group and explained everything since it was our first time there.
4	My wife and I went in for a late lunch on a weekday, a day I took off work - decided to catch a movie and eat at a place we hadn't been to before.Genghis grill offers a buffet style Mongolian grill food where you pile up your proteins, veggies and spices into a bowl. Load up on sauces in separate smaller cups and tell the grill master what carb (rice, fried rice, noodles, etc) you want everything stir fried with. There are also small cards with ingredients that you can refer to, if you don't feel like taking a chance.I picked chicken, steak and sausages from the meat section. Piled on onions, green peppers, baby corn, jalapenos and added a whif of dragon spice, garlic, salt and red chilli powder. For sauces, I picked the dragon sauce and one other - can't remember the name. Told the grill master (thats how they call them, I didn't come up with that!) everything stir fried with fried rice.Ended up with too much food and dragon sauces & spice were more hot than I imagined. Somehow I got into beast mode and pretty much chugged all of it down, but word for advice for you all - when they tell you that the spices are hot, specially the ones on the bottom rack, believe them!The only other Mongolian place I've been to was Bd's Mongolian grill out of state where they let you pile everything up in multiple bowls if you have the capacity for multiple bowls. Here, I was handed only one bowl by the waitress - not that I needed more than one, but felt restricted in picking veggies.If you have a serious appetite, I suggest you check this joint out. If you don't like how your food turned out, blame yourself for picking the wrong ingredients.
4	Glad to see a decent Mongolian grill choice in south Charlotte.  Food was good (although highly dependent on your skill at mixing and matching ingredients - they do try to help by giving some recipe cards to follow).  Service was good.  All in all a decent option for a fun and reasonable meal in the Ballantyne area.
2	It was okay...that's really all there is to say about it. The real trick is piling your plate well, otherwise you're paying $9 (or so) for almost nothing that just tastes alright. Although I'll admit the white fish was decent. I might be a snob when it comes to food, especially the supposedly "Asian" kind...but there you are. Realistically, I just don't think I'll return which is why I have to give it a lower rating. They also seem to be overly staffed. Teens hovering over me everywhere while I'm eating. I know that they just opened, so perhaps they will improve. And on the off chance that I decide to try it again, I can maybe give it a higher rating.
3	I finally found an opportunity to visit this place and I was pleasantly surprised.This is still the new kid on the block in this area, and as this was our first time, we were not alone with the new dining experience.You hear people mention that you do all but cook the food, this is true, but let me add one thing......if you choose a variety of sauces, this will end up as one sauce.  This is a bowl of food that you choose from a raw and uncooked state.  You place it into a small stainless dish that is kept at the hostess stand that she wipes out with a towel, and is handed to you as you enter.  After working in restaurants for a very long time, I am never comfortable placing raw chicken and shaved meat together in one bowl, especially with veggies.This is like a lazy mans "Japanese Restaurant" where you sit at individual tables instead of around the grill master.  It was interesting, but for the small bowl ($9.99) it just did not seem to be a great value.The staff was friendly, the location was clean, but I am sure that even though the food gets cooked, raw chicken, raw meat, and seafood, do not need to reside in a bowl with uncooked veggies.May visit again, using just one meat, and one sauce.NCFoodGuy
4	This cracks me up. If the food didn't taste good to you, it is *your* fault. They give you a lot of different meats and veggies to choose from (more than I've seen at any Mongolian grill I've been to) which are fresh and then many different seasonings and sauces to choose from, plus a selection of about 6 different starches to choose from. There is absolutely no way your food not appealing to you is their fault unless they burnt it or overcooked it. The key to good tasting food when you're dealing with fresh is always gonna be seasoning/sauce quality/amount and cooking temp/length. If they burnt your food, overcooked it, the sauce was bland or nothing was fresh to begin with, then I would side with people on the food probably being the restaurant's fault but I've seen no one mention anything about any of these factors... The food was fresh, the sauces and seasonings on the food at my table were flavorful and nothing was burnt/overcooked.You choose everything that goes into your meal and the amount of it and therefore make it as flavorful or bland as you choose. Tips for the nervous:- Don't go heavy on the seasonings, or mix them unless you know they will taste good together.- Don't mix sauces unless you know they will taste good together.- Make sure you have enough sauce to coat your food (fill the cup about half way) unless you like less saucy food.- Stack your food high. You have to pile the food as high as you can without it toppling over. Veggies and meat cook down quite a lot. This place even recommends you stack as high as you can. If you do this, you will have a very good sized entree. The price at dinner time ($9.99) seemed very decent for what I ended up with and I didn't need to go back for more ($4 extra for unlimited returns)- Put a splash of the garlic water in your bowl if you like garlic. It usually doesn't clash with any sauce and adds extra flavor.- If you have any food allergies or are vegetarian, they will clean the massive communal grill off specifically for you. They will ask you about this when you hand off your food.- If you really don't know what to put together, they have recipes you can choose to follow.All in all, the food was good but then that was my mostly my own doing, LoL. I liked the taste of the sauce and seasonings I chose though; flavorful. As I said, everything's fresh. Nothing's wilted or off looking. Maybe if you're deadly serious about the freshest freshness and need veggies that were pulled from the earth that very morning and might still have some dirt on them, you'll be annoyed, but otherwise, it's fresh. Don't be that way.My only criticism is that the place is quite small for the almost buffet style dining it has. If it's fairly busy, you're going to be squeezing by people and tables to get to the food. Once you hand your food off to be cooked though, you can then go sit down and don't have to stand around and wait for it. One of the servers will bring your food to your table when it's ready.If you enjoy Mongolian grills, you will like it. If you've never been to a Mongolian grill and like to try different dining experiences, I say try it. I will be going back.
4	Earlier today (Friday Aug. 12, 2011) I attended Genghis Grill for lunch.  I was able to find the establishment with no troubles, and parking was bountiful. When my date and I walked in, we were given a tin bowl and were escorted directly to an open booth.  Our drink order was taken seconds later and we were told we could go up and begin to create our custom stir-fry bowls.I must say, I did not understand or believe people that said you can get any meat you want, and as much of it as you want.  Well, this is 100% true.  To the side of the restaurant, there is an open serving area with the labels: "Proteins", "Seasonings", "Veggies" "Sauces" and you pick your "Starch" at the grill.  When the food arrived a few minutes later, I was more than pleased with my unique and one-of-a-kind creation.  Initially, I was worried about how my sauces would mesh together - I went with the mongolian bbq, 3G, and dragon sauces.  But it turned out to be the perfect combination of sweet and heat.  Overall, I was extremely pleased my Genghis Grill lunch experience.  It was extremely filling and as very well priced - around $22 for two people  (I have taken a picture of my bill). **BEWARE**  - As others have stated, beware of mixing different sauces.  Be sure you know what your getting.  -You are allowed TWO starches if you prefer.  I recommend the tortilla and brown rice.  -If you live anywhere in north Charlotte, it can be over a 25min drive. -This place has a ton of options to choose from.  To be  prepared, my date and I went on the Genghis website where you can use their interactive menu to draft your meal before you go. This place can be hectic during prime eating hours. My date went here a time prior, and felt rushed by other patrons behind her. Therefore on this trip we planned our meal ahead online and went during non-peak hours.
4	"Mongolian Stir-Fry?" Yeah, okay, this might feel like a gimmick, especially to those who've sampled Mongolian cuisine (anyone? ANYONE?), but Genghis Grill isn't gimmicky, and there's some quality eating to be had there.For the uninitiated, Genghis Grill can be a bit daunting. First, let's dispense your initial fears: there are no real Mongolians working here, at least none that I could see. And no one working there is a direct descendant of the mighty, ruthless Genghis Khan. Trust me, I asked. Nor is the waitstaff all decked out in pelts and helmets and wielding swords. If you're looking for "authentic," then I'm sure one can catch a flight to Mongolia to experience authentic. Anyway...Regarding the "daunting" thing: Genghis Grill is a choose-your-own stir fry place. You're given a bowl (quite smallish, really), and one can make their way to the fixings bar (everything is very fresh) and choose from the following: raw proteins (i.e., chicken, steak, pork, fish, tofu, etc.), veggies, seasonings, sauces (more on this later), and starches (i.e., brown/white/fried rice, udon noodles, pasta, etc.). Now if choosing your own foodstuffs is too much of a task for you, not to worry: you can choose from 12 different stir-fry options without the hassle of having to make your own. But then that spoils the fun out of making your own now, doesn't it?The sauces are GG's secret weapon. With about 10-15 different sauces to choose from - and, don't worry, you're allowed to sample them before you smother your bowl in Dragon Sauce - the sauces are what gives your bowl its' flavor. So choose wisely. Or be like me and just dump about 4-5 sauces into your bowl, and live with the consequences. Note: you're asked to pour your sauces into a tiny side bowl, so please do so.You then take your bowl to the stir-fry counter, where you're asked to pick a starch - I love their noodles - and, as a nice touch, are asked if you have any allergies. They give you a number, and in about 5-10 minutes time, you've got yourself a yummy bowl. Dig in!Confused? Don't be. Your hostess will give you the rundown if this is your first visit. A bowl will run you about $8-$9, but be warned: if you've got a hearty appetite, you can always get seconds for an additional $2. GG is also kid-friendly: there's a mini-Khan bowl (I think that's what it's called) that'll run you about $3,99, and that inclues a drink. Plus, the guys behind the fry counter will periodically smash a gong (a real one, mind you) just for shits and giggles, which will always give the kids a laugh.I've eaten at GG twice now, and have been very pleased each time. It's certainly not the kind I'd want to frequent at least once a week. And if you're health-conscious, there are plenty of "green" options to choose from, and their website does give you a detailed description of the nutritional value of each bowl. It does get very crowded at lunch, being it's a short walk from many of Ballantyne's corporate businesses, and it was surprisingly crowded for dinner on a Wednesday night. So, go on, give it a shot. I just wish they'd have some dude dressed like Genghis Khan stalking the joint, just to mess with everyone. Just a suggestion...(I've also learned GG is also known as "Khan's Grill" in other parts of the country. I could never eat at a place with that name, because I would never resist poking my head at the door and shout, "KHAAAAAN! KHAAAAAN!"
4	Well this place is really neat. The only way you wont like your food is if you screw it up. i recommend that for your first time you get the endless bowl and dont pile the stuff on when you go through the line. That way if you really hate it you can start over!There are recipe cards at the beginning of the line, which we did not use. You will choose your proteins first. a great variety of beef, chicken, pork, sausage, shrimp, calamari, scallops etc.next choose your spices, a little goes a long way and remember that you have the choice of sauces at the end of the line too. the dragon salt I am told is very spicynext choose your vegetables a great selection of raw vegetables and some fruits even pico de galo, there is whole eggs there too if you like that in your stir fry. at the end you can choose your sauce, leave it off all together or have them cook it in or maybe take it to your table to add yourself. there are small spoons to taste the different sauces, but please be courtious to the patrons behind you throughout the line and donw linger in one area to long.next approach the cooking station and tell them what starch you would like, I myself loved the noodles in mine, my husband gets the fried rice.take your number card to your table and place it in the stand that is on your table, if you have several cards fan them out so the servers can see it and bring you the bowl when finished cooking. my husband has a rewards card and if you live near here is it well worth it! you can get free bowls really quickly!this is a fun expereince for children since it is almost like they are making there own meal, in a sense they are except for the actual cooking!We will go again!
3	Food is great at this restaurant. It was extremely different but fun for us and our kids. You get to pick your meats, sauces and veggies. Therefore, if your food taste bad it is yourrrr fault. We definitely plan to go back to the mongolian grill.
4	Stopped by for a late lunch today. Other reviews are spot on about the process. Service was a little slow, but they were all still quite nice. The place looks clean, and the food was good. Watch how others pack their bowl and do the same. To me, the restaurant felt like a "do it yourself" buffet-style version of Pei-Wei. I definitely liked the food.Some reviews caution about spiciness, but even trying for med-hot my dish wasn't very spicy. You can ask for Sriracha once you get your bowl, though, so that got the heat I was after. My waitress offered me a to-go cup for my just-refilled soda right as I was about to leave, which I thought was a nice touch. I'll definitely be back
4	I was in NC visiting and decided to give this spot a chance. Boy I am so glad I did. I had a blast and the food is awesome, and if it isn't you can only blame yourself I will explain.  So they give a metal bowl and you get up and go pick all your ingredients (meat/ veggie/ sauces) and then give it to the chef and they cook it for you!!  I choose the chicken, broccoli, green peppers and onions and I added pineapple with spicy sauce. It was delicious and I added brown rice to the order. Its fun and the food is good and a great concept.!!
3	I've been gunnin' for a Mongolian stir fry in the QC for a long, long time. I have great memories of heading to a similar style of restaurant when I was a wee girl. So, it wasn't too much of a surprise that I was jacked when I read that we now have a Genghis Grill in Charlotte! The Good: As others have said, you really make your own meal here. As in - if you don't love the components, well, it's your fault. There are a ton of topping options - proteins, starches, veggies, sauces, spices, etc. The instruction from the staff is definitely on point and helpful as you navigate the bowl bar. Overall, I liked my bowl and was able to make it super spicy with plenty of dragon sauce, jalapeno and red pepper. My mouth was on fuego. Plus, prices are pretty affordable at $8.99 for a lunch bowl and $9.99 for a dinner bowl. The kiddos will love this place. The Meh: It's a chainy chain, so I didn't really find much character in the restaurant. While the service was great, I really didn't have a desire to stay any longer than I needed to. Plus, the quality of the proteins was definitely lacking for me...the shrimp are incredibly tiny and quite a bit of my steak was a bit grisly. Would I head back to Genghis Gril? Surely. You have the opportunity to make a healthy meal that's quick and pretty affordable. It's absolutely A-OK in my book.
4	Love this place but if you get there after 12 on a week day be prepared for a large crowd. it is a little different than the Mongolian BBQ places we have been to out west but it is a great lunch alternative in Charlotte and you will not walk away feeling hungry thats for sure.
4	3.5 stars rounded up to 4.My hometown had a BD's Mongolian Grill - I was a big fan, so I was excited to try Genghis Grill.  We went there for lunch on Saturday.Everyone else already described the experience and the food, but I'll add a little more color:  the food is fresh, the wait staff provide good recommendations if you struggle in making decisions, and the red curry peanut sauce is outstanding with just the right bite.  They even grilled mac and cheese for my toddler daughter - when she chose to color instead of eat, I wasn't upset.  That mac & cheese was GOOD.  Really good.The only thing I was dissapointed in was that they encouraged us to make our bowls and then sit down.  Part of the fun/experience is 1)  interacting with those cooking your concoction by standing next to the grill, 2) watching as all of these bright colors blend together, and 3) seeing what other combinations everyone around you came up with.  By dropping off your bowl and sitting down (encouraged to do so by giving us a number and saying we'll bring it right out), their patrons miss out.Again, I'm a fan and will be back....but it could be even better.
4	What a treat!  I have never been to any place like the Genghis Grill. I have to admit, the name and the outward appearance of this restaurant really made me not want to take that leap of faith - but I am glad I did!  Not to mention it's great for everyone, vegan, lactose-intolerant, celiac & vegetarian friendly!  Woo hoo!The first time is sensory overload.  Most people turn their inner Poke'mon freaks on and turn gotta catch em all on the food but the best advice I can give you is to calm down, deep breaths.  There is A LOT to choose from and the staff will walk you through it if you are a first timer.  Also a good clue is to watch the folks around you who look like regulars.  They know what they are doing.You start with a seemingly small bowl - but don't worry.  This is not what you're finish product will be served in.  There are recipe cards at the beginning of the line and everyone thinks that if you use one of those you are wimping out - NOT TRUE.  They are there for a reason, because they have been perfected.  I recommend starting with one and adding your own touches as you go along.It goes in order - protein, spices, veggies, salsas, eggs, miscellaneous, etc.  At the end you will come to the Sauce Buffet.  Be warned here as well, the first time I went I filled my sauce ramekin to the BRIM because I thought, well the cup is this big so I guess they want me to fill it to the top.  NOT the logic here.  My bowl was swimming in sauce.  I would fill it a little over half way with whatever dressing you choose.Next you wrap up the excitement by walking over to the grill and telling them what kind of starch you would like (white rice, friend rice, noodles, etc.) This is also the part where you let them know if you have ANY allergies and they will cook yours on a separate grill - amazing.  In exchange they will give you a numbered card that you take back to your table while you drool like a St. Bernard while you wait anxiously and suffer with every waitress/waiter that walks by with a red bowl - just praying that the next one is yours.Overall we had a ton of fun here and it gets better every time!  Quick, easy, cheap.  What is there not to like?!
5	I love Mongolian BBQ. No, you don't understand. This is a thing for me. I was working in the DC area for a few months a couple of years ago and every week, we had to go to BD's or someone would go into withdrawal. Usually me. There's just something about a stir fry where you pick your own fixings and spices and they grill it right then and there.Everything here is very fresh and a good selection of proteins and veggies and stuff to mix in. Plus a dozen powdered spices and another dozen sauces.There's no complaining - everything in the bowl was selected by you. So if you're wondering where that chicken or crabmeat came from, look in the mirror!Service is quick, even when it's busy. Drop off your dish, get a number and the server brings it to your table. Easy, pleasy, lemon squeezy. Yes, there is lemon juice too!
4	It's a chain, but it's definitely unique.  I was under the impress that you would tell the chef what you want and they cook it in front of you.  You actually go through a buffet style line and select your ingredients, ranging from raw chicken, steak, and shrimp, to all kinds of vegetables to the seasoning and sauce.  You bring your bowl up to the grill and then you tell them what kind of starch (rice, noodles, etc) and they throw it on a giant grill.  I got chicken with ginger seasoning, a plethora of veggies and pineapple, honey soy sauce, and udon noodles.  The veggies were mostly fresh but the chicken was slightly tough.  The flavor combination went very well together though.There is some table service here; a waiter will take and refill your drink order.  Also, once you give them your food to cook, you can sit and wait for them to bring it to you.  They have some beer including a few imports as well as sake, wine, and margaritas.  They have some desserts as well, but I would have liked to have seen a spring roll or some other sides.  Still for $10 dinner price, this was a large and healthy meal.  You can also pay an extra $4 and get as many bowls as you want ($2 for lunch).  I will definitely go back here.  I like making stir fry's at home, but I always find I am missing something.  That's not the case here.  They have just about anything you've ever had in a stir fry.
4	I'm so excited that Charlotte finally has a Mongolian barbecue. And I'm doubly excited that it's just up the road from my office. Yeah for Genghis Grill for getting SO much right out of the gate. First of all, they have done an excellent job hiring enthusiastic servers who seem to genuinely enjoy their jobs. Second, they have the whole food allergy thing completely under control -- even gluten-free! Third, they have a full bar, so while your kids chow down on 2 or 3 bowls of noodles and such, you can actually have a cocktail or beer and enjoy the experience. Lunch or dinner, I think this place is a slam dunk, if you want an easy dining experience that is sure to please everyone in your group.
3	Went to Genghis a few months ago, and it's quite the unique experience. You pick what you want food-wise (they offer suggestions, or you can do it on your own), and place it in a little bowl. It gets cooked and then delivered to your table. I made my own, and frankly, it was disgusting; however, Genghis has a business model that's brilliant. I can't blame them for my food being bad, because I made it! I'll definitely go back again and try something they know is edible lol.
3	This is a good news/bad news review. I have been here twice before reviewing.Good news: food is awesome-hence the 3 stars. I can be very picky about too much salt or heavy spicing, or drowning perfectly wonderful food in sauce until all you can taste is the sauce...and that ain't gonna happen here unless *I* screw it up!As an uber-control freak, I absolutely loved being able to fine-tune my food to my particular tastes. Lots of good protein choices, tons of vegetables and some interesting spice and sauce choices (including none at all!). This absolutely screams for anyone who has allergies, strong likes and dislikes, people on diets of any kind, adventurous souls and parents of kids in the"I don't like that" stage.And now for the bad news. The service is, at best, uneven. First visit: wonderful, attentive service, *but* I knew one of the floor managers on duty, and perhaps the staff was aware of that? Second visit: In NYC vernacular, "fuggetaboutit". Greeted by hostess with "Only one?" Hello, do you think making a customer feel somehow inadequate at the get-go is a good start? Explained nicely the error of making me feel like I have a capital letter L on my forehead... and we move on. Hostess references the great new apps, and suggests the edamame. I'm game, and am leaning towards it...  Server shows up quickly, takes a beer order after I ask her to give me 5 to decide, and then launches right into dinner even though I am HOLDING the apps menu. Sooo.... never asks about appetizer. Sale lost. Hey, I'm not doing her job- she is. Dinner good, served fast. Server drops check in front of me as my fork hits the bottom of the bowl. In a rush to go home, sweetie? Because, I am *not* done yet. Told her, still hungry since you *never asked* me about the edamame your hostess set me up for (BTW, good job, hostess!!), so let's have the Asian Ice Cream; oh, not in stock? vanilla? sure, ok, whatever? No, no chocolate sauce, thanks. I left my inner 3 year old home tonight with the sitter. I really, really hate to be rushed at a restaurant. I deliberately chose a Tuesday night so it wouldn't be so busy that there would be pressure to turn the table over quickly. I drove over an hour to get there, I'd like to enjoy my meal. I will mention that the floor manager served my dessert, probably because it was obvious that I was annoyed.So here's the recap. Food, 4 stars. Service, 2. Average: 3. May or may not give this a third attempt, but at an hour-plus drive, I have many other options.
4	I thought the food and service were Good as one expects from a buffet. Possible I have been spoiled by Hu Hut in Colorado.
4	My husband misses mongolian bbq restuarants that we had back in VA.  So I found this place.  We got there at 6 at were seated right away.  The waitress explained about Build-A-Bowl.  One thing I think is AWESOME is that the kids bowls are all you can eat...which means that if you make something your kid doesn't like you can go make another one:)  There is a good selection of meat, veggies, spices, and sauce.  The service was pretty good.  We never ran out of drink and she made sure we were happy.  We left about an hour and a half later (our son is a slow eater) and there were groups of people waiting outside.  I do believe we will be going back.
5	I absolutely love this place! I was looking for a healthy alternative place to eat hence because I am on a diet and this place serves exactly what I wanted. You basically get a bowl and you stuff as much as you want of protein, veggies, spices, sauce into this bowl.  When you get to the grill area, someone will ask what kind of starch you would like and there are options from brown rice to noodles. They grill it for you sauteed in the sauce you chose and serve it to you in a bowl. It comes w a drink and if you really are a big eater, they have unlimited bowl available too for additional cost! Great place and I wished they had one in California!
2	Nothing all that spectacular in my opinion. Marinated beef was chewy and I ended up picking out most of it. Sauces tasted a little bland after cooking. Dinner bowl is $9.99 which is a little pricey considering the choices and portions. I'd rather pay a little more and go to Kabuto Japanese Steak house where the food is cooked in front of you with some added entertainment provided by the cook. Good thing I had a coupon so I was able to shave a little off the total. I think one visit is good enough for me.
4	Good food... Great waitstaff... Long lines :( .. Lots of combinations to put together... You should have some general knowledge of flavor combinations... Great place to try new flavors!!! We will be back!!
5	We finally had a chance to try this restaurant out last night.   My wife and I had attempted to eat there about a month ago, but we were short of time, and the line was long.We got there about 5:30, and there were a few tables filled.   The server was very helpful in showing us the process and the recipe cards to try.Basically, you are given a bowl as you sit down.  You take the bowl, add in the proteins (meat, chicken, seafood), add from a decent selection of veggies, add spice, and several other items, including a sauce from a good selection.You then choose if you want rice or noodle, and hand it off to the cooks, who use a circular grill to cook your food.  You can stay and watch the show, or go back to your seat to have the food delivered to you.Being the first time there, my wife, younger son, and I use the recipe cards.  There are about 14 dishes that you can put together, using the ingredients, which are all numbered.  Just follow the numbers, and add the items, and you have your meal.My oldest just went off and tried his own.I tend to like my food spicy, but not to the point where you have to use a fire hose to quell down the heat.  My dish was spicy, but incredibly flavorful.The price was right for the 4 of us, and the food was delicious!By the time we left, there was a wait for a table, and this was on a Monday Night!This is a keeper for our family!
4	Interesting way to get your meal. When they give you your bowl I advise you pack it full. I'm a big guy so the bowl isn't quite a full meal. Though, I will say it is enough. it's just that I like to get my fill if you know what I mean. You can pick up recipe cards that guide you through the preparation phase and then you hand it over to the cooks. Usually a wait/line to get in on weekends. Concept is interesting, food is good. We hit this place every two or three months for variety.
4	At first look, Genghis Grill might appear like standard Applebees type of restaurant, but the food is surprisingly good for a serve-yourself restaurant. I prefer going there for dinner. Tons of combinations. Have a lot of fun with it. I tend to prefer the rice over the noodles, but it comes down to personal preference.  They have alcohol, but for some reason, I'm never really in the mood to have anything there. Also, the restaurant offers a Frequent Customer type of card, and you can eventually get a free meal there. It adds up surprisingly fast. Parking is easy. Service is just okay.
3	We have eaten Mongolian BBQ in many places/countries.  My family and I really like this restaurant.  However, the thing that we didn't like was that some of the meats were in chunks and pre-cooked.  The pork had sort of a nasty taste ---  like it was old.  This is not the way true Mongolian BBQ is prepared.  ALL meat should be thinly sliced and never pre-cooked.  We weren't familiar with all of the sauces ---far too many, but we adjusted and enjoyed our meal.
4	This place is phenomenal!  The food and sauce choices are expansive and the guides to creating a delicious meal are great. The concept is different than whats offered in Ballantyne and the staff is patient to give customers a tutorial in how to make a great meal. Be fun, be creative and try some new combos because you cannot go wrong! Improvements can definitely be made for the service. Often when I go, my water glass is empty and the servers seem disinterested to take care of their tables. It's one of those rare places where I'll still go because the food is delish, hence why I still give them 4 stars.
5	So I've been to Mongolian places before and we all know the routine...meat, veggies, sauce and a starch...but this place  kicks it up a notch and adds seasoning...in my option this is what makes it taste better! And the meat is not rolled up frozen pieces, its fresh cut chucks of whatever you can think of steak, chicken, even marinated fish.I opted for steak and shrimp with veggies, potatoes and the 3G and regular Stir Fry sauce, with the spicy cayenne pepper, Tabasco and garlic seasoning over steamed rice....and it was delicious!In my opinion, very reasonable with price, a variety of choices and food cooked to order...I will definitely be back!
1	We went on Sunday place was packed and for life of me can't figure out protein as they call it is the worst possible quality, fake crab really ? Veggies were mostly filler, bowls were tiny but we knew that. After seeing food choices I didn't really care, pretty nasty.    We were seated immediately in the back by bathroom , manager/owner sitting at table with laptop, stared into screen entire time, other managers hung out with him talking business had his laptop plugged in with cord pulled across door for servers to get soda and Ice watched as each one had to walk over cord,he obviously didn't give a damn about employee safety. Worst part I could see into room where they got soda take out containers etc.Staff was using glasses as scoops direct hand contact with ice, rubbing hands on face touching take out containers, containers fell on floor were picked up and used. Manager just sat there staring into the screen.    Food was terrible, manager was annoying and we have had much better Mongolian BBQ other place's told my husband to eat as much as he could cause we were never coming back.Truly the most terrible place we have eaten in Charlotte.    I have a question YELP why are most the negative reviews filtered out, 3 reviews from people saying this place was bad have been taken out. Are you getting Advert sing dollars from them
4	Genghis is a standard Mongolian grill restaurant but they have a good selection - meats, fish, veggies, spices, sauces, and I like the different starch choices (rice, tortillas, noodles, etc).  Great place for a quick, healthy lunch that tastes good (and is made to your liking)!
5	Great food and great service
2	Honestly... Two stars may be a little rough here simply because - You created your own food here and it really can only be your own fault but.... It just wasn't for me.  I decided to go with a seafood geared noodle dish and my wife went with a chicken based one.  The vast selection of toppings and portions was nice, but seemed on the side of lower quality.  The crab really seemed like imitation crab (probably was) and the scallops were rubber.  Having said that - The chicken dish was much better.  3.5 stars good.  We both went with the "stir fry" sauce and it was simply fine.  Creating your own dish seems cool but honestly, why go out to eat just to prep your food.  Also, why the heck was their 15 waitresses there??  What was 20% for, I'm picking everything out, dropping it off, and all you do is walk it out.. .. That was confusing.  -Ian M.
4	Fun place to eat.  You pick out your protien(s), seasoning, veggies/extras, sauce and noodles/rice and they cook it up and bring it to you.  For just a few bucks more you can make unlimited trips and try a really wide variety of stuff.They have a rewards program online.
4	Great selection of fresh meats and vegi's - sauces are to die for; reasonably priced and kids love it.    Watch out for coupons, they have them often.
4	Great for a fast, healthy lunch. You're in and out in a pan flash. I would never go for dinner. We also only go when we have coupons now, buy 1 get 2nd 1/2 off. While the picking of meats/proteins, vegetables and spices can be intimidating at first (it is even for a cook like me) there are CARDS with suggested recipe combinations. Sadly, I've been here 6 times now, and not one person ever picks out the recipe suggestion cards but then hop on to sites like Yelp to complain. Okay for a fast meal where you want to control your sugars, salts and ingredients --- Definitely not romantic and I would not bring a business client. Good for limited purposes. (And yes the crab meat is artificial crab)
4	The food is tasty, and the service friendly. It's a bit pricey, though. I would return.
4	Third time must be the charm, right? Service and food were totally awesome. Menu has been updated (still minor issues with dessert availability, but the server handled it so, so very well) and the food remains what brings me back.This trip I had the significant other with me (on crutches) and the staff really went out of their way to help him navigate the physical plant, and the menu, and the whole go-on-line-with-a-bowl-while-using-crutches thing. When they discovered he was a police officer and a casualty of Hurricane Sandy, well; you'd have thought the red carpet came out. But we got the feeling that they take care of *every* handicapped person who came there, so not to worry if your injury isn't as dramatic!Most importantly, the food was truly wonderful. Watching my guy experience Genghis for the first time reminded me what I love here. And the price? We've spent far more for far less!Please keep this version of the staff. Please??? Because now I get to do my best/worst AHHHHnold impression- I'll be back!!
3	It's a chain, so I'm never really all that excited about chains.  But it's good for what it is.  The service is always prompt, friendly and not overbearing.  As for the food, it's the usual Mongolian BBQ type set up, you fill your bowl with protein and veggies and then hand that off to the guys cooking on the grill, and tell them what starch you want to add.  Nothing fancy, but you can get a good meal, and if you're trying to eat healthy, you can do it pretty easily here if that's your bag. It's about $10 a person, so not a great deal, but not too pricey either.
4	We crave places like this in our family. We have various family members who are vegetarian, don't eat red meat, need a gluten-free diet, or are simply uncertain what they want to eat. Genghis Grill is the choice we make for all of these situations. As noted before, if you don't like your bowl, it is your own damn fault, since you picked everything out.The gluten-free ones appreciate the sauces which are without gluten (since the problem is greater than simply paying attention to the grain used in the starches). The ones who don't eat red meat are happy with the fresh chicken and seafood items for proteins. The vegetarians like the selection of fresh vegetables and sauces without meat.Me? I am none of those above. I just like making a bowl the way I want it and eating a nice dinner. It might be a little louder inside than I would prefer, but not as bad as some other local spots.The other night, three of us were $35 before tip, not including the two glasses of wine. That makes GG a little more expensive than Pei Wei, but in return there is the luxury of having everything the way one wants it, along with the knowledge of the ingredients which go into the bowl.
4	Yes, I AM a fan of Mongolian Grills.  I love that you can pick your own everything that goes in your food.  For me, it's like getting to almost cook, then not having to clean up!Genghis Grill is a nice place.  The staff if friendly, the food is good and they do a good job of keeping things CLEAN!  That's very important, because the "buffet bar" is all raw food.  Don't be scared, just give it a shot.  And do listen to them when they suggest certain measurements, especially with the spices.  They know what they're talking about.I have also tried their dumplings.  I love them.  They cook them on the big round grill and get them as crispy as you want them.  Give this place a try if you're in the area.  You can be as creative as you want to be, and you're sure to find something you like!
4	My husband and I went here for valentines day. Our server was pleasant and there was no wait. I tried the Cajun seasoning with chicken and ginger citrus/honey soy sauce. The result was awesome! I wish there were a location in the university area.
4	4 stars for a good selection of meats and veggies. Lose 1 star because all sauces are sweet. That's right, even the sauces that have two flame symbols next to them are a little sweet and if there's anything I hate in my food, it's the sweet sauces.If you are anything like me, then just add the chili sauce they have by the serving counter where you take your raw assembly to give to the grill. The other option is to add the roasted tomato sauce.Service is alright. I have never been to this place and not found it busy. Even on Sunday night at 8pm this place is full! definitely says a lot huh? Either that or the fact that they are the only good Mongolian BBQ in the Charlotte area.PS: Their garlic citrus edamame is awesome, as is their brownie. Also, if you get your food for take out, you get a free drink.
1	As I finished my meal, I could only think to myself, "Wow....that sucked.........."Yet again, this is a corporate bastardization of what should otherwise be a unique, fun, and tantalizing dining experience.Where do we start?  Well, the decor, layout, and even music was bland.  Any Mongolian images/artwork were badly co-opted, to the extent that they were turned into advertisements for the establishment (insert Lewis Black voice) INSIDE THE FREAKING ESTABLISHMENT!!!The Mongolian grill, the whole reason one is coming here, should be the centerpiece of the restaurant.  No, it's relegated to some corner.  Granted, this might be for health code or fire safety, but c'mon people, look at all the folks they let sit around the hibachi grill for criminy sakes.I ordered hot tea.  "We have green tea."  Good.  I spoke too soon.  I got hot water, and a lipton bag of some "Chai Green Tea" crap.  No little pot of tea that you find even at your worst of Chinese buffets.The meat selection:  now, they did have scallops and squid.  Teeny-tiny scallops, the size of a chickpea.  But, none of the meats were shaved.  It was all just piles and piles of stuff what looked like a Klingon would happily choke down.  And no lamb.  Really?  They had pulled-pork bbq.  They had scallops, squid and shrimp.  But no lamb??Most of the vegetables were Americanized.  Yeah, they had bamboo shoots and the baby corn, but that was pretty much the extent of the Asian stuff.Then there were the sauces.  Yuck.  It was all stuff that looked like the main ingredient was high fructose corn syrup.  No flavored oils or vinegar.  I was wondering if I was getting Mongolian grill or hot wings.So, I get my bowl.  It came quickly enough, given how busy the place was.  *sigh* My squid was tough and rubbery.  So were my "scallops."Now, to their credit, the staff was very friendly and on-the-spot with refills (I also had a water).  Sadly, everything else sucked so bad about this place, the good service does not merit a second star.Honestly, for the price I paid, I would rather have choked down Chinese buffet sushi.Oh, and the parking really sucked, too.
3	I like this place because you get to create your own concoctions without having to actually spend all the time prepping and cooking it!! I've been here twice and while yes it's not gourmet, it's still really good.  I think it's a great lunch spot and it seems to always be packed at lunch time. First time I went in I was worried about the freshness but it always looks really good. Nothing looks old or stale etc. So big props on what they are doing here. Be mindful of what you're doing when you mix sauces, spices, etc. I haven't had anything turn out badly yet though.  Also the service here has always been impeccable!!
4	My new "day after race" spot. Diners have the ability to include any ingredients to their entree. All palettes can be satisfied from vegetarians to carnivores.
3	Ever since Genghis Grill opened at Ballantyne Corners, I have avoided going there because I was not excited about the concept.  However, last week, when I went to lunch with a few co-workers, this is the place they picked.  So I decided to suck it up and give the place a try.  Honestly, I have to admit, the place was much better than I expected  (I really had low expectations).   For those who have not yet been, here's the deal. You go in, place your drink orders and your server walks you back to the buffet-style set up.  You are given a bowl for your protein & veggies.  You are also given a small container for your sauces.  So, you first choose your protein - I went with chicken & shrimp.  Then, there is a little station where you can add some dry seasonings - salt, pepper, spices, etc.  I chose a little dragon pepper, salt, and cayenne. Then, you add your veggies - I went with fresh carrots, fresh broccoli, and water chestnuts. Finally, you have a selection of sauces to choose from. I decided to play it safe and just do teriyaki.   You then take your selections up to the counter where the cook will ask which starch you want- I chose brown rice.  They give you a number and throw your selections on the grill.  Once the food is ready, your server will bring it your table.   My food was much better than I expected, yay! Overall, if you are looking for a fast-casual reasonably-priced place that can be semi-healthy (if you go heavy on the veggies, choose a healthy protein, and go light on the sauces), this is not a bad choice.However, since it is a big corporate chain, its not much on ambiance and I don't think its a particularly good choice of a place to go if you are going with more than 2 or 3 people.  Since you have to go through the line to pick out your food & then take it up to be cooked, the prepared dishes all come out at different times.
3	I do love me some Mongolian BBQ! It was the best night at the chow hall in Iraq. With that said, I have had better than here. Dont get me wrong they have a wonderful selection especially sauces. I just felt like my rice wasent cooked well. To me this is just simply basic. I may or may not go back. This is not the only place for this type of food.I do want to point out the service is great! Everyone that works there is really nice. Just wish there were more to this place.
4	Have been to this place 3 or 4 times.  Very tasty food, and reasonably healthy depending on what you put in your bowl.   Not much ambiance but since it's a chain, that's not expected.  Good for lunch!
2	I still hate this place but am cursed as my husband loves it..I tried to hide the fact they opened one in Matthews but can't ooooh noooooooo I
3	The trick with the Genghis Grill is to either learn how to pack your food in a bowl or buy the bottomless bowl for a few dollars more.  That said, there isn't much of a selection of food choices other than the line where you pick what you want; and though there is cards to assist a person to make particular dishes, the reality is you are going to make-up your own version by sticking whatever you can into the bowl without it falling all over the place.  The menu offers a few appetizers that cost as much as the bowl, while the rest of the menu offer a variety of drinks.  When you are going on the line filling your bowl, if you are a indecisive person, you will be pressured by others waiting behind you to move fast.  They do allow you to try samples of the sauces, which is a good thing; but it will taste somewhat different after its cooked.  Overall, it's a okay place, but you gotta know what you want before you start grabbing the raw ingredients, or you may make something you might not like when it arrives at the table.  Good luck!Oh yea, they accept the Ballantyne Card, so if you got it... use it, it will save you some money.
4	Ok, no one can complain about the chef here because you are it! You never have to worry about whether you can find a dish that fits your eating style that day. I love all the different combinations that are possible! My favorite is chicken, shrimp, garlic, salt, pepper & onions, zucchini, cabbage, scallions and 3G sauce. They recently added calamari and brown rice. You can add an egg to your dish. Each bowl comes with your choice of carbs: tortillas, rice, noodles, etc. It's quick and tasty.They have the ambience of a McDonald's: not a place to sit with girlfriends and gab really, but perfect for when you want a good healthy meal alternative to fast food. They actually have a good selection of drinks, wine and beers, along with Edame and potstickers to go with them.For those who don't know what ingredients to put together, they have recipe cards you can follow and a staff that is happy to walk you through it.The Tuxedo Bomb dessert was fabulous!Whenever I approach a buffet, I try to take items off the bottom, where the temperature tends to be more ideal, so take your raw meat from the bottom of the pan if you can, so it has been kept really cold.
4	Food was great and the waitresses was helpful and on piont!
5	Amazing concept and food.. If you dont like it, it is pretty much your fault for lack of picking what you like.. Everything down from sauce to dry seasoning to add ons are all your choice.. I loaded up with meats and veggies with fried rice and was stuffed.. Pricey by some standards but its a ton of food, well worth it
4	This was a fun place to eat,  you can build your own bowl (like a typical mongolian restaurant) and they have an unlimited option for $4 more which is great for trying different creations.  One thing i really liked was the "starch"  options. They offer noodles and rice,  but also offer things like tortillas which adds a whole new element. Very reasonably priced.
4	You can't complain about the food here! Because you are the chef! Everything is nice and fresh a lot  of veggies. It's suck if you can't cook, because you have to season it your self. Can't wait to return!
2	We tried Genghis Grill with family over the Thanksgiving holiday - Black Friday lunch to be exact.  The place was not busy which was nice so we got excellent service, a good bit of instruction on how to proceed, and time to look at the cards and check out the buffet line.We ordered the single time bowls which was more than enough.  I thought it was interesting that there was a price difference between lunch and dinner.  We asked our server if their was a larger bowl for dinner and he said "no."  So the price difference is only for the time of day...i.e. lunch is the better deal.We each picked cards and enjoyed our meals until my daughter started feeling ill.  Genghis Grill's menu say they don't use MSG, but perhaps they are a place that uses the alternate verbiage? (yeast extract...) Or perhaps they just use a ton of oil.  Either way, we won't eat here again.
3	I've been waiting to review the Genghis Grill because I really don't know what to say.The concept is a solid one - I was a fan of BD's when they were here, but that could be because the cooks were so awesome. Plus, you could go back again and again.At Genghis Grill, however, it reminds me more of a cafeteria than the open and fun atmosphere that hasn't been around here since BD's left. Can you tell that I miss BD's?So you go through the line and start piling things on. If you screw up, you're stuck. Unless you go for the "endless bowl" (or whatever the call it), for a slight upcharge. To make matters a bit worse, the smallish bowl they give you for your plate is a bit on the tiny size, so don't screw up.Here, the endless option is probably better - because you have a pretty good option of screwing up the flavors. If you think you might, then order off the menu instead.
2	Same concept as Salsarita's, except it's Mongolian bbq...save your money and go down the block to Hibachi Grill if you want customized cooking...the ingredients are better...the people that have given Genghis Grill a star above 3 are fooled by the gimmick of being your own chef...it's hit or miss...hello, you can do that in your own kitchen...not worth the money, after the newness wears out, this place will go under...I give it 3 years, there are better options people!
4	I like this place, though not as much as my parents, who go constantly. It's a pretty reasonably priced Mongolian stir-fry place. The food is pretty good. I normally get the beef bowl, which I prefer with the udon noodles (though brown rice is okay too). The food is pretty solid in terms of quality, though with all places like this I tend to burn myself by overthinking the spice selection (too much cayenne pepper today, because I forgot that it's spicy as heck). I'm also not a fan that you get one bowl and one shot unless you want to pay $4 extra for unlimited food, but I'm cheap. It's good, fast and interesting.
4	Genghis Grill is an interesting concept that I actually like.  I had a similar dining experience in Atlanta when visiting friends, and was happy to find this similar style restaurant here in NC.Went here for lunch.  If you work LONG hours, are protein loading, or have a big appetite, I highly suggest you opt for the all u can eat option for $4 bucks more.    When choosing your food, take time to sample your sauces and the seasonings!  My sister was a little more ambitious and ended up breathing fire for half of her meal.  Really, you can't mess your meal up.  Load up on your meat... and i mean LOAD up!!!  Get your fixins, spices, sauces, choose from noodles, rice, etc... and hand it over to the cooks.  You get back a great bowl of whatever you wanted!  I wish they'd open one closer to the Huntersville area, but I am completely ok with driving out to eat here, as it's a pretty filling treat!!  Service was decent too.
5	I love this place. Meats and spices and veggies, all cooked how I like them. I often do gluten free, and often feel picky and stingy when asking servers to alter stuff and its nice having it my way from the get go.
4	Genghis Grill is a great idea I wish we had one in NY!  I love the idea of making your own bowl and making it whatever you want it to be from the different meats, vegetables, spice, sauces, and starch you want.  For people who have trouble making choices they have cards you can follow to help you.  The food was very fresh and they cooked well.  I would recommend this place to anyone who loves any kind of stir fry. The combinations are endless!  Price is very good too!The place was very clean and I like the building.  One thing I wasn't sure of was if they have wifi.
5	I had lunch at Genghis last week and I was impressed. I have been to other Mongolian type places and this one is pretty much like the others. They give you a bowl that you choose ingredients from a bar and then you choose a sauce to go with it (like BBQ sauce, soy sauce, etc).  I filled up the bowl with lots of fresh veggies and tofu and gave it to the cook and went back to my table. The server brought it out a few minutes later. At first, it didn't look like a whole lot of food, but looks are deceiving. The bowl is actually pretty big and it was about 3/4 full. I was thoroughly full by the time I ate the last bite. The waitstaff were friendly and helpful. Genghis is a bit expensive for a workday lunch. I paid for myself and one other person and we both had sodas. With tip, the bill was a little over $30. But they do have a rewards program where you get a free meal after 10 points (purchases), so I now have 2 points on the card they started last week. Their website also states you can get a free meal on your birthday, so you can at least try it for free. Even though it's a bit pricey, I love the concept and the food.
5	This is some of the most interesting and delicious food I've had in a LONG time. You get seated, then go up and load up your bowl. Many different meat choices, lots of veggies, and some very tasty sauces. Your food is cooked on a big grill, and normally comes out very quickly. The staff is always very nice to me. Will be coming back soon!
5	This place was recommended by my cousin when I was visiting him on his end of town. So me and my wife went to try it out. We were greeted as soon as we came through the door. They explained how it works because it was our first time there. You get 2 metal bowls the small one is for your sauce. They have cards to tell you how to fix some bowls that are very easy to follow. Now it's time to load your bowl up. The first station you get to is the meat section, they had chicken, beef, pork, fish, scallops, calamari, etc... The next section is the season section. They have little spoons so you can sample the seasons and the sauces. The next section is the fruit section, the next section is the vegetable section. They have a wide variety of veggies: broccoli, string beans, tomatoes, onions, green onions, carrots, mushrooms, bean sprouts, spinach, etc....The next station is the sauces also a wide variety. Then your last stop is the grill where you tell the cook what starch you want, steamed rice, fried rice, brown rice, udon noodles, spiral pasta or tortillas. He gives you a card and you take it with you and place it in the holder they have on the table where you were seated. Then they stir fry it. The thing I love the most is your food comes straight to you hot off the grill. That stir fry was so good. The watermelon/lemonade was good too.
4	Here, if you food sucks, it's your own fault. You make you own thing and they cook it. It turned out good for me. I think they get all their stuff shipped in frozen though. The raw chicken they had on the line had frost on it still, and who knows how long it sits there.I will go again though. Maybe try something super HOT! You can make something Asian or Mexican, whatever you feel like. They even give tortillas.
2	I've got to update this review because Genghis Grill has taken a wrong turn. I originally had this at a 5 star review. Now they made changes, and these aren't good changes. I can't say for sure, but I'm almost positive that more of their ingredients are now frozen. It sure tastes like it. I know the chicken is frozen, as it still had permafrost on it! Food quality has suffered big time, and I think it's because they're serving more frozen ingredients. And the price one pays, warrants fresh.Then certain favorite ingredients have been slashed while questionable items remain on the menu. Also eggs are no longer on the bar and are only available by request, and I'm now limited to 2 (when I used to always get 4 with no problems). A couple sauces are now gone as well which is highly disappointing.They're probably trying to save money by reducing food quality and options and it's not a good move.
4	Yum yum free food for my birthday. Of course a cold Shocktop to wash down this delicious food...and desert too. Man I'm stuffed. I will have to make this a bi-weekly occasion.
4	Tasty new way to enjoy stirfryYou know the feeling you get when you crave asian food, but don't want to order chinese takeout or get sushi? Well, Genghis grill is a perfect fix for any asian food cravings. You get any choice of meat, spices, veggies and sauce you could think of, and its all prepared fresh for you personally on a giant cast iron grill. If you are vegetarian you have the option to mix tofu and veggies and have it cooked on a separate grill in the kitchen to avoid cross contamination with other meats. The same works for any food allergies. My only complaint is I wish that they had someone to portion out the uncooked meat at the beginning of the bar leading up to the grill. I was a little worried about possibly getting raw meat on my hands from the tongs.
