5	i can't decide if this is the best strip club in Vegas or if Crazy Horse Too is... anyway, beautiful girls. good place to explore your wild side.
3	not that i have anything to compare this to, but the lighting was too dark and the women not very friendly.  if you're getting paid, you should be able to afford feigned interest...
4	Las Vegas is known for a lot of things and one of them is strip clubs. I know, there is probably a Spearmint Rhino in your city... but there's nothing like going to a strip club when you're in Las Vegas. That said,  this is probably the place to be when you do that.
5	GO THERE!   you will not be sorry.  The best place in Vegas.
2	Okay...my third time here.  My husband is practically VIP since he entertains clients here.  I can see why he has spent "beau coup" (that's french for 'lots of" ) bucks here.But, frankly, the girls disgust me.  It's the same lines:  "Where are you all from?"  "oh, you're so pretty" , "your skin is so soft".  And that's what the stripper says to ME while they are giving me a lap dance.  UGH!  And then they turn around and say the same thing to my girlfriend sitting next to me.  Come on!  We don't want to get to know you!And the feel of the fake breasts and baby-oiled skin just don't do it for me.  I'd rather meet a hot girl at a club and give her a lap dance myself.  That gets everyone hot!I told my hubby that I never want to go there again.  He can go.  He can fall in love with one of them and drop another grand there for all I care.  As long as the money doesn't come out of our personal account!
1	Woof! I went here once and will probably never go back.  I for one am not interested in girls boobies being smothered in my face.  But, my friend bought me a lap dance so I had no choice but to pretend that I was having a blast. The girl kept telling me how soft I was and I was like.....ewww! Anyway, I have no other comments.
3	big club not skeezy but the girls ignored me and then bf because i was there with him, hello im in a strip club you can come and say hi i know the drill. the only time they approached him was when i was in the bathroom.
5	I was completely cracked out my first time here....had a fun time.  HOT chicks galore!
2	It was 5:30am, on the strip club circuit in vegas...we end up at the rhino...it was free for us because we were with locals. Girls were beautiful, the place was packed.  They have LOTS of girls working at this place.  All limos parked out front waiting for all the coked up bachelors' and  high rollers to finish gettin c**k teased. Girls were not really friendly to other girls, These women mean business & they're pros. at bein ho's I mean "dancers", they seem to know whos got money to spend & they are like vultures. i think I saw one stripper that was close to being 60-70 with a bangin body...They have a stage where there are girls dancing, open area with everyone all together, it was like a orgy with your clothes on. If you want to spend lots of money & hang out with hot strippers that are fake this is the spot for you.
3	The girls looked great but I like my girls with tattoos and and dark hair. I saw no tattooed hotties at the Rhino. Probably not who they recruit.Drinks were about average on the price. I was expecting to pay $10 for a Sapphire and tonic... but I think it was like... $7. I think. Wait.... I can't remember.... it's all so fuzzy now.
3	Beautiful selection of girls....what I don't like. They're all hustlers...can't even walk in before I get the "Would you like me to rub my tits all over your face" line. Uhm. No - because:A. I'm not that easyB. Uhm your nipple is weirdC. LET ME SIT DOWN AT LEAST AND RELAX!Yea so I was gonna get cleaned out before I can even sit. WTF? Yea women. Manipulate. Hustle. Cause sperm backup. Not my favorite place.Ok so really - great lineup of girls though. Lots of hot girls. Lots of douche guys. Ah OMG Adam Corolla's VIP Party. Hey Adam remember me we used to work together.... oh no maybe not?? Ya Ok I hope he gets lapdance herpes.....Douche.
3	I've only been here once and it was for my own bachelor party. I wasn't even able to look for dancers they were sent to me by friends, as were the drinks. So I have no complaints on my end. I'm not giving this place 3 stars though cause I had friends tell me the drinks were kinda expensive $7 Cornona, cmon now...I did have one friend saying as he left, "But dude I think she really likes me...." Yeah they're pretty good at hustling a buck there haha.
3	Much better then the one in Florida. However... what more can I say then... it's a strip club. Some very attractive girls. They tend to be a bit vicious to other girls. Guess they feel threatened that visiting girls may take their "business" they work "so hard" for. Haha. Might I add, that the most attractive ones were of color. Guys there are really nice and inviting... wonder why? Sleazy in my eyes. The girls are good at "what they do" but I would think they could be a little smarter at their game.
3	Used to go here for lunch when I worked near it.  Let's just say it was more a draw of the $3.99 burger, fries and a beer special than the girls because - oh  wow - those afternoon girls were not the cutest.  They were eager though and we were definitely....enetertained is a good word for it.  The burger special is totally worth it.  Not the best burger and fries in the land, but top it off with a beer and make it $4 and I'm not going to complain.Who in the world reviews the food at a topless bar?  Oh, me.  Right.
2	What do you mean I can't sleep?  I'm freaking tired, its 5 AM and my friends won't let me leave!  You're freaking girls won't even let me go to the Bathroom without getting harassed for a dance.  Yes there a ton of girls there and the ratio is almost 2/1.  You had just better to lay down some dough for a freaking place to sit.  I guess you can't do Vegas on a Friday night and expect to be quick and painless.  ***Disclaimer*** If I went here with you, its not you, its somebody else, so if your significant other is reading this, it wasn't him.And please....please don't fall in love with the strippers.  Even if they give you their number, unless you're a member of the Lakers, they are not going to call back.  ITS THEIR FREAKING JOB TO BE NICE!
4	So took the same group of girls from the Bay Area to the "Rhino" after dinner at Vic & Anthony's. We were definitely feelin the stripper vibe. Lots of hot girls running around and the ladies loved the lap dance. Now I've been here several times in the last two years since I moved here and did you know they serve a pretty mean breakfast too! I mean who doesn't like a side of titties with their Bacon and eggs right? But To do it right one needs lots of $$$, I mean after all its worth it for boobs in your face!
3	Vegas requires a surprisingly large amount of thinking. Does the club pay for the cab? Sometimes. One-guy-one-girl rule? Usually. Be sure to tip... or not. Buy her a drink... or not.  $30 cover?? Did I just go to a strip club or do my taxes?I'm at a point in my life where i'm trying to find meaning and depth in the world... and this is the last place in the last city I should be in. It just doesn't do it for me. But it's always good to try new things, and thus lovable Yelper, AJ, made sure I didn't leave without getting my first lap dance.Keane: So.. uh... what are you into?Girl: *surprised look*Keane: Uh.. I meant... things to do.Girl: I've been going to a lot of late night clubs... Oh! You have really soft hair. What do you use?Keane: ... shampoo.*examines my shirt*Girl: What is "Yelp"?Aw, shit. Now it's on...
4	Words of Advice:Don't bond with a stripper right before you are going to get a lap dance.  Knowing about her kids, drug habits, preference of deoderent and relationship with her father does not make the dance more erotic.  I felt like I was getting grinded on by my slutty younger cousin. And that's weird.The strippers are very nice here and there is a nice mix of real boobies and fake boobies if you like variety.  And if you are a girl you might or might not leave with a hickey for free.  Bonus!
4	I'm very conflicted about my rating for this place.  It's a douchebag haven, but then again what strip club isn't?  This place does have that little extra douchebag flair that sets it apart from the rest though, which is usually enough for me to head over to old standby's like Olympic Garden when I am in Vegas.  However the report came in that OG has gone the way of douchebag city itself and so it was that a group of us found ourselves giving the *Rhino* a whirl on a Saturday afternoon.Being that we came during the day the usual douchebag and drunk twit element was thankfully absent.  We pretty much had the place to ourselves and if you can't have fun with a bunch of people that you have in one way or another bonded with over many a drunken night, then who can you have fun with?  But would the place have been quite as fun if it weren't for us making the place fun?We took over an entire section of the club, drank the day away, and enjoyed the company of the ladies working the day shift.  There wasn't a whole lot going on up on the stage except for when Zen and a couple other ladies took the stage.  Most of the action was in our corner as the ladies would come by, chat it up with us, and the occasional lap dance was had (or bought for an unsuspecting victim).  Several lap dance cherries were popped and the theme song for this field trip could have easily been *I'm in love with a stripper*.  Some wallets were emptied but I luckily got away with only a $45 bar tab.Things to note:  $30 cover, 24/7, for men and women.  They also have a policy of not allowing in any unaccompanied females AND there must be at least a 1 to 1 male to female ratio in order for the womenz to get in.  One guy can't bring in 2 or more girls but a gang of douchebags can carry in a barely concious drunk frat girl that they picked up at Tao with no problems.  This is not to say that they don't have good reason for this policy.  Concerns about prostitutes and having the place packed with women who *generally* don't tip the way men do is bad for business.I came back on Sunday night with my partner in crime for the weekend because he had to see Zen one more time before we headed home.  I was a little worried about heading back during prime douchebag time but figuring it was a Sunday night rather than Friday or Saturday I thought I could manage.Our trip there was a bit crazy being as we were driven there by a crazy blind old lady who talked a mile a minute.  She was trying to suggest we go to another *more fun* place on the sly without actually coming out and saying the name of the place or what it exactly was.  The best part of the ride was when she waited for minutes at an intersection in the hopes of having a car pass by so she could follow it's tail lights down the street...because she couldn't see!  Then when we got to the Rhino she passed up the proper taxi line out front and tried to get us to pay for the cab fare.  I have never paid for a cab ride to a strip club in Vegas and never will.  Cabbies get paid good F'ing money to take people to strip clubs, and they are paid by the person not by the ride.My friend spent the night getting better acquainted with Zen while I enjoyed a steady stream of drinks and the occasional lap dance.  There was some great pole work going on that night though so I had plenty to watch on stage.  Before we knew it the clock was approaching 4am and we figured it was probably time to get back to the room for some sleep.  That's when two of the craziest strippers I have ever encountered intercepted us and basically assaulted me on the back couch.  It was a great way to end the night and the weekend.*bewbies bewbies bewbies...you're the weiner!  yay!*The only jackpot I hit the whole weekend.
3	I'd never been to a strip club before so it's hard to give this any comparison. I have seen Go and Showgirls a couple of times so I had a basic idea of what to have in store.The place was swanky enough, had a $30 cover, $20 for a lap dance and was $7 for a beer. For a strip club I guess the pricing wasn't bad. I expected more though. More allure and entertainment, and perhaps a bit more seductive. Color me unseduced.The reality is, I am not a strip club kind of guy. Maybe it's being ushered in to internet generation but I don't think I should have to pay to see naked women. Nor do I need to pay to recieve attention from women (in and out of relationships I tend to do okay.) That and none of them appeared too enthralling. It's no surprise women at strip club appear fake, but hey they're just doing their job. I guess I just prefer the more intimate nature of a bar.Funny, you'd think having half naked women around you might feel more intimate.All that being said, it was still a lot of fun. When you go with 20 of your Yelp friend you can always make the most of anything. So while I didn't get a lap dance for myself I did buy one for Carla D., and watch the look of utter discomfort in quiet humor the entire time, as the rest of the group sang along to Billy Jean by Michael Jackson. Strip club or Karaoke, I guess we make our own rules.
4	OK...I came, I saw, I observed.That's right, no participation for me at the lovely Spearmint Rhino. Oh, don't worry guys...I saw plenty.  And I had opportunity.  Well kind of.  If by opportunity I mean when I was sitting at the stage, and one of the dancers saw me ogling her tattoos (the one dancing to Amy Winehouse's Rehab), and she walked up to a gentleman friend sitting next to me and said, "hey, wanna get your lady friend here a dance?" To which he responded with "Oh, no...I'm not that generous".  So that was that.  My opportunity to get a lap dance thwarted.  Oooooh!!!  *Shakes fist in anger*I'm thinking it was for the best...from what I observed, i had a lady friend hold on to chair for dear life, and another get her hands raped when forced to feel the stripper up.  Some of our ladies even walked away with unwanted hickeys and bite marks. I also watched many of our gentlemen friends fall in love, and have their hopes of a family and life with the strippers crushed the second they saw "their stripper" talking to the next guy.   Too much of an emotional roller coaster for me.  Ill just observe, thank you.Stiff drinks, a variety of ladies, and a dark room make for an enjoyable day for anyone.  Just don't freak out when you leave at 6 in the evening...and its still daylight.  Give your eyes time to adjust.  Chances are you have a long evening ahead.  I mean...you are in Vegas.
4	It was my first time at Spearmint Rhino and it did not disappoint.Previously I had only been to Sapphire which is huge compared to this place.  I preferred the layout at Rhino.  Much more intimate and it was very lively.  I was amazed at the variety of girls.  They were everywhere.  Needless to say it was an eye opening experience.  I met a Lucy Liu look-alike who fell in love with one of her clients, who's from Italy and is getting married in a few months - congrats to her.  I met a half Korean half Chinese girl who use to be a translator but makes more $$ dancing.  Then there was the Japanese girl from Hawaii who grabbed me for a lap dance but took me away from where I was sitting because some people she knew back in high school were sitting nearby and recognized her and she felt weirded out.  Haha....good times, good times...
4	The most common question that a group of guys will ask a cab driver in Vegas is: "What's the best strip club in Vegas?"  The answer is the Spearmint Rhino.  This is a town where the newest mega-resort is king, and yet the adult entertainment industry doesn't always follow the same trend.So what makes up a good club?  You need a lot of girls and plenty of seating.  The Rhino has both - but you'd be surprised at how few clubs in Vegas do.  Most of the new clubs just don't have the staff to ensure a good experience, and a lot of the old clubs are just not worth the effort.Advice for first-timers:- If it's really crowded, a large tip to the host will get you seated at your own table immediately.  Depending on how busy it is and how large your group is, expect about $100-200.- The VIP or "Champagne" Room is much more expensive than you'd expect.  In addition to the $400/hourly charge, you'll also have to buy 4 drinks every half-hour and tip the waitress and the host in the room.  That will add another $100-200.- Yes, you can use your credit card, but you'll be slapped with a 10% fee.  Even worse, the dancers have to pay the house a 10% fee in order to redeem your chips - so your $100 in Rhino Chips will cost you $110, and the dancer will only get $90 out of it.- Watch your friends.  I'm assuming that you aren't going to a club alone (that would be sad).  And I'll also assume that mass quantities of alcohol are involved.  So watch your friends, because there's ALWAYS that one guy in the group that will disappear for an hour and spend more than he intended.- If you want a good time, don't expect any kind of "special treatment".  The major Vegas clubs don't allow anything illegal.
5	This place is awesome.  Even the name sounds erotic.
4	Came here after the Scion party at Body English.  Wow $30 cover to get in.  I guess the girls here are pretty hot though so it's probably worth it for a guy.  We sat by one of the stages where they had 3 girls dancing at a time.  My pet peeve is strippers that can't dance so at least the girls here can dance.  Drinks are hella expensive...$12 for water?!?!
1	Upon arriving one late afternoon with fireman friend in tow, we grabbed a bite from the limited but decent menu, drinks flowing to compensate for the B team dancers (or are they called entertainers?), the waitress was cute, funny & service was great.  Then all hell broke loose, the place started to get crowded & I needed to excuse myself to the Ladies room...well leave it to my friend to FINALLY find a cute chick for a lap dance!  While he's distracted by boobies, some asshole takes my chair!, I politely explain that I would like my seat back, he refuses, I plead not wanting to interupt my friends' dry hump session, his response-no...I calmly walk over to my table, pick up my drink & slowly poor it on his head...he is not amused, here comes management, I explain the situation & am informed that my actions were not appropriate, again, I just wanted my chair back, next thing I know some 'wanna be a cop/ UFC reject' bouncer is going off on me saying that "if you were my woman..." & that I was 86ed....like it was going to devistate me!, I started laughing, he didn't think it was funny and told me to 'shut up ya fat cow', understand, this guy is 5' of ugly sterioded goo & I'm not the trophy wife I once was, but paaallllleeeeeezzeee, I'm in there to spend money not make it, I snapped, before I knew it, my fist landed right in his semi toothed mouth!,  I was cuffed & escorted outside to wait for Metro, chubby dissappeared & one of the other bouncers came to congratulate & release me...*note -the fireman was upset for the abbrupt departure because his lap dancer was 'going to give him her phone #'    uh, yeh, right buddy
5	I've only been to 3 strip clubs in my life, one being Crazy Horse in San Francisco, the other one being some random one on the main strip in TJ, but might I say, Spearmint Rhino in Las Vegas had hands down the best looking strippers of them all.  I've never seen so many hot strippers with model type bodies in one place at the same time.  They had to have had around 100+ girls working the Saturday night I went at the end of July in the summer.  And no joke, pretty much all the girls were 8's and above.  Maybe a 7 here and there, but they had some grade A women up in there like no other.  The girls there like to spit a lot of game too, but some of them act like shady bitches if you show them no interest or show them no money when they talk to you while sitting on your lap and trying to seduce you into buying a dance or more.Only negatives about this place is that they charged a $30 cover to get in and sometimes it's hard to find a place to sit, and sometimes the bouncers will take your seats away from you for people who are paying to get served drinks or bottle service.  And I didn't buy any drinks here, but I can imagine they are Vegas expensive like everything else.From what I remember you can make it rain dollar bills near the stage or the cages all night long.  3 song lap dances wherever you're sitting run for $20.  I think every 30 minutes in a private room runs for around $200.  And everything else is all negotiable, but I think you have to tip the bouncers/body guards to let you be alone with the stripper too.All my friends spent in the hundreds of dollars when I went.  One of my friends even spent $800 on one stripper (www.myspace.com/socrazysexycool) to spend an hour with her, and he didn't even get any from her.  These girls know how to work it, so don't be too easy on your wallet when you come here.
3	i don't really have much to compare spearmint rhino to, except a shady strip club in a strip mall where there was a party going on. less stripper-ish more raver-ish.i was somehow convinced to come here by a friend during magic(clothing convention). i didn't realize the spearmint rhino was a strip club till we got there. so all of the buddies were there getting lappies and they suggested i got one as well. i wasn't really into it, but one of my friend spayde decided to buy me one. he picked out a brunette who's boobs were WAY too big(of course they were fake). but she did a nice job of giving me a lappie anyway. it was my first lappie.spearmint rhino had maybe 30% hotties and 70% not so hotty (at least in the dim light). though, when i saw these "hotties" in the bathroom, i was surprised to see the stretch marks and butter faces. maybe my trip to the bathroom ruined it for me.
1	Jesus why do i get stuck taking my friends to these frickin places ?!?!?!  don't get me wrong - i enjoy seeing hot chcks ...i'm a guy for crying out loud !  But damn ....$30 to get in ( i get in free now that i'm a "local " )  place is packed ....it made me laugh that they had that posted sign about the max capacity ...999 people ...my buddy and i agreed that had to be a joke ...there's no way it would be safe to allow a thousand people in this place  ...if that's true ...not sure who the spearmint paid but i hope it doesn't bite them in the ass.the ladies - sure most are pretty ...or at least i think so ...the place is so dark... not sure what a lap dance costs - they have lots of "nooks and crannies "  for privacy .... drinks - i think my beer cost $6 or so ?  i laughed that my buddy bought a double stoli rasberry  with 7-up ( wtf ? ) it cost $20 ....yeah ...i'm getting too old for this shit ...and the crap i get from my girlfriend ....cocktails !!  cocktails please !
4	I had the BEST time at this club.  The girls and I decide we want to visit a strip club in Vegas and so after a drunken night of dancing and drinks we decide to visit Spearmint Rhino's.  Best decision ever to top off the night.  You only can only get into the club if you go with some guys which sucks, but I mean...how hard is it to find guys accompany girls into a strip club?  Especially in Vegas right?  So, next thing I know I'm getting my first lap dance (at this club) that is.  Eh...that was aight...Next thing I know I'm getting another.  Eh...this is a little better.  Then the third!  Whoa!!!  Definitely worth the money.  A night to remember.  Lets just keep it at that.  LOL!
4	this place is the shiz. c'mon- you know it is. this place is always packed... with a crazy cover charge.you know it's that good. there's nowhere to sit.. even at 2am. i aways get a seat, though. you know why?i have hookups. =) okay, okay... i have a few friends who are employees here. i'm not mentioning what their job titles are- but they're hot! lol. the girls here know to hustle right and hustle the best. the girls here always on top of their game... looks, outfits, dancing and all. this is one of my favorite strip joints to visit. i gets my pimp on. lol. the girls love me.
5	Best strip club in Vegas because:1. Two minutes from the Strip2. Evil Vampire Barbies galore3. wood paneling!  and framed paintings!  oh my4. Very Russian mafia, but clean cut rich russian mafia at least5. free taxi ride, but remember you can't take these toys home with you
1	This place is so lame. The girls here are not young. My little brothers have more fun at middle school dances than you'll find here with what girls are willing to do at that age. It's ironic, but the girls you'll find at this strip club act on this belief that they are too good to be doing anything sexual. Too good to be caught in acts that would have them judged as 'slutty'. AND THIS IS A STRIP CLUB. You'll find girls willing to do a lot more more for attention without getting any money for it on youtube, myspace, at any college party, or any type of vacation/spring break event. What you hear stories about what girls will do to get into a music video with 50 Cent, Jay-Z, Snoop, you won't see that here as you would elsewhere for free.
4	Is it wrong for me to admit that I love strip clubs? As much as my husband?  Maybe I just missed the pole when I was 21 and could have actually stripped/danced to put myself through college, LOL.  That being said, SR is my, oops OUR second-favorite strip club in Vegas.  Only second because it's way too cramped.  It's a comfortable place for couples, although the dancers tend to pay more attention to the groups of men, perhaps not realizing that women are more than capable of dropping every bit as much cash as the guys. Not to mention that many ladies (and by that I mean ME)  enjoy lap dances as much as their male companions.... Big plus:  clean and attended ladies room where you can actually chat up the dancers in the light and invite them to stop by your table if you like. Although if you call ahead, they will in fact send a limo for you, I strongly suggest  using your hotel's town car/limo (the valet will hook you up) because using the club's limo can be costly in the time department and you can end up sharing with people picked up at other hotels, which can be a roll of the dice. Also, since we're well dressed and tip well, the door-guy-head-bouncer at SR is always happy to find us a great place to hang out, we're treated very well there, so I suggest dressing in something other than jeans (for more than one reason, wink wink) and finding the right guy to grease. Pole dancing is very high-quality, these girls know how to work a pole, big time. The exceptionally  good-looking girls are VIP only, so be prepared to venture on back if they're the ones who catch your eye.All in all, a fun place, very busy and crowded.  Be prepared to either stand or tip well to get a table.  A wide variety of girls, all very attractive.  Many VERY young girls, if that's your thing, you'll be in heaven.
4	LOTS of girls to choose from at this strip club.  and, it's extremely dark in there, so it makes the girls look even better.  TIP:  to save $30, call the club for a limo to pick you up at your hotel, and you'll get in for free.
3	Okay, I was in town for a conference (so cliche) and the "group" of us went here.Listen, i've been in a relationship for 5 years, and i'm totally cool with that, but i'm not on the prowl or anything yet i have no problem going to a strip club and enjoying a night out with the lads.  I'd always heard many interesting and unique things about Las Vegas Strip clubs...so here goes it...First Off: This is the FACTORY FARM OF STRIP CLUBS.  I haven't seen seen this many naked chicks walking around even in porno!  The place is gigantic, multiple rooms with so much shit going on...absolutely ridiculous.Second Off:  The 'dancers' are all in the upper echelon from what i have seen when i've been to other strip clubs in other places...i mean c'mon it's vegas......BUT, beware...titty bars are very dark for a very good reason...some of those girls got some gnarley grills when up close.Third:  If you take a cab to the titty bar your cab ride is free...why you ask...well the cab driver gets $50 for every referral and you have to pay $30 to get in...(so you can ask your cab driver for $30 and they will do it as they still net $20 per head....nice eh?) Um...okay, i'm bored with this review...you know why...it's a titty bar...if you are going you are going to go regardless of what i say.  If you have money to spend...guess what, you can get the full treatment let me tell ya.  Who am i to judge, do your thing.  I'll close with this...i was intrigued to enter...and excited to leave...so that says something.
2	Ok, first of all, what is all the hype about for the Spearmint Rhino?  I've been to quite a few strip clubs in my lifetime and this one is at the bottom of the list.  I've never been to a strip club which didn't even peak my interest!  I would never want to go to Spearmint Rhino AGAIN!  Why?  Read the following . . .So my friends and I entered in the establishment with my hopes up high since I've heard such great things.  We had to check in our cameras at the door, which is understandable.  Once we walked in, there is a bar to the left with a small stage.  Instead of making a left, you can go straight forward and there is a large stage with a bar to the right.  If you go further down the room, there is another bar with a few small stages.  Here's why I would never want to go there again!The girls there are not that attractive (or at least as attractive as I thought they would be), the venue is almost pitch black (which makes it more difficult to determine whether a girl is hot or not), there is a "western saloon" feel to the place, no neon lights (which is a standard for great strip clubs), absurdly over-crowded, you have to pay to sit in a chair (yes, you heard me right, you have to pay to sit down) and you will have a bouncer that will constantly bug you that you have to keep on walking and there is no standing allowed!  WTF is up with that?  I have been to slummy strip clubs such as Garden of Eden in SF and I'd rather go there than Spearmint Rhino.  I would not go to Spearmint Rhino again!  The only reason why I didn't give them the whole one star review was because the girls weren't that bad looking.  I say 70% of the girls were cute.  If the Hustler Club in SF had those girls in their club, I would be homeless.  As Martha Stewart says, "It's a good thing."
4	Ok, I have been to the Rhino many many times and last Sat night was by far the best looking group of girls ever! They must have had a talent show or they are getting good at stealing girls from other places... Hey the economy is bad... oooooohhhhh
5	The best strip club, hands down. When all things are equal which they are in vegas, go to the best. If you're complaining about money, then just don't go. They have to be good if they wont allow you to make RSVP for a table, as its first come first served.Getting there.If you can call ahead and have the SR limo pick you up you're golden, but call during prime time, and it'll take an hour and half wait. Just get a limo from your hotel, and pay the $30 cover, you just have to live with it, and remember don't pay the limo driver, he's getting plenty already.The place is super crowded on the weekends, and the only way to enjoy yourself is to get table, even if you find an open seat they'll make you get up if someone is willing to buy a bottle. Kettle One was $375 a bottle, and you might as well get it since you wont have to wait for another drink or fight through the crowd at the bar.Its dark in there so be careful of who eventually ends up on your lap. The girls know their mark, and if you're asian ALL the asian strippers will find you, and if you want some other flavor just tell one of the Dudes in suits and they'll start sending the people you want your way.Remember, be strong, and know what you want. They'll make you feel like a million bucks, and get ready to know what your name is, and where you're from because you'll be asked that ALL night long.
4	This is the best strip club in town for women to go to, enjoy the show and knock back some drinks after hours.  I always feel comfortable here, it is clean enough and not skanky or seedy.  Lots of nice soft bewbs.  It doesn't get 5 stars because they should let women in gratis.
5	I love Spearmint Rhino but the negative is that it ruined all other strip clubs for me.  How could you beat free limo ride, no cover and gorgeous girls?We called the number on their website and they brought a stretch limo to take just four people.  Our chauffeur Tony was very polite and friendly.  When we got in, it was very crowded but we lucked out and found a table.  We eventually were able to make our way to seats on the main stage.  Drinks are a little more expensive but very tall so well worth the money.Now lets talk about the most important part.  I saw about 100+ girls and none of them were under an 8.  A great variety of pretty girls and some of them with fantastic talent on the poles.  My bf and I had an amazing time and this place is a definite must for my next visit to Vegas!
5	Okay, I've been to 3 or so strip clubs prior to visiting the Rhino. I even went to the Spearmint Rhino's counterpart in Santa Barbara where I went to school. Every time I've been to a strip club, I've always felt like scum. The last trip to a strip club was so bad I sat and waited in the car.However! This is VEGAS. Of the many times I visited Vegas, I always wanted to visit a strip club. The past few times, my friends had reservations about going to one. blah blah blah. Excuses excuses.After a trip downtown for some cheap booze, gaming and food, I drove back to the Luxor where we were staying. On the ride home, I was a little disappointed that we were heading back at 2:30. A friend suggested we go to Spearmint Rhino. We all looked at each other and gave the nod. You know the nod - the kind that's like "I know exactly what you're thinking".Got in line and waited for a couple minutes, paid the 30 dollar cover and walked in. I was amazed. I didn't feel dirty or ashamed to be there. I thought to myself that hey, this can actually be fun.We all sat down at a table and relaxed, my friend had the 'unfortunate' seat in the aisle. I never seen women hustle so hard to get some money in my life. It was literally every 30 seconds he got propositioned. hahahah.Aside from that, we had a lot of fun there. When we left at around 6AM the sun was coming up. Now I can say that I've been to a strip club in Vegas. As for next time, I'm not ruling out another visit, but I'd much rather be at the nightclub. Good times nonetheless.Tip: Just say 'no'.
5	Saved my special 69TH review for my fave- rit strip club in the You Ass of Yay!For a 20, they'll stick their boobalicious boobies in yer face, feed you buffalo wings dripping in ranch, contort their body in a pretzel, sit on yer lap, maybe even yer face, ok not for a 20.For 40, you can get TWO hotties to repeat, wings, boobs, dance, sit, pretzel.One of my best friends Mishelle bartends in the V.I.P room, if you ever meet her, then you know you've been taken for at least  $100. That's the bare minimum it takes to get in the V.I.P.  for 3 dances, not including the 2 drink minimum or the tip for your server/bartender and your lovely exotic dancer.*  short on cash, never go early, the girls are always reserved. They get more desperate to make that cash as the night progresses.  Go when the night shift overlaps the early morning shift. Dancer to customer ratio a definite plus. And if not for the girls, the grub is delicious. *  Big on cash, you can take 5 girls home with you, instantaneously, illegal but possible.
5	My best friend is a strip club connoisseur.  So on a surprise bachelor party in which I kidnapped him in Kansas City and flew him to Vegas to meet up with our friends, of course we had to hit the best strip club in town. (keep in mind, I was coming from Seattle... quite the Machiavellian scheme if I do say so myself).So we're at this bar earlier in the day.  The bartender there informs us of the greatest idea ever - you put the bachelor in a white shirt (wife-beater), and get a sharpie.  The idea is to see how creatively you can get each of the dancers to sign his shirt.The place isn't cheap - we blew close to two grand for our party - but it was fun as shit.
5	TOP NOTCH DIME PIECES!!! PLAYMATE STYLE... this is the place to go... this is what a REAL strip club is like. Dont go to Sapphire... that place is the biggest rip off, with drug addict entertainers and unaccountable management.
5	Let me give you this little tip:Do not attend a Vegas Strip Club with your brothers and/or male family members.  Under any circumstances.  No ifs, ands or butts.  Just don't.  Seriously.It's awkward.  And upsetting.  And awkward.  Little did I know that while my cousin Lauren and I watched our respective brothers get lapfucked by a pretty pair named Pilot and Perfect, that our benefactor had already paid for us to get our own laps snizzed on by Mercedes, a tight little tan blonde.She sauntered over, asked the boys of the group that weren't busy getting jacked in a backroom somewhere to buy her a redbull (redbull is stripper cryptonite) and then sorta draped over us...And that's when we both got felt up. Mercedes:  You guys both have really big boobs!Rachel and Lauren: ...*Stripper grabs our boobs*Mercedes:  Are they real?Rachel and Lauren:  *nod simultaneously* : |Mercedes:  Mine are fake.Rachel and Lauren:  *shock and awe* You don't say?*Rachel and Lauren get the hell out of Spearmint Rhino*Getting felt up without dinner or even a drink purchased for me beforehand felt wrong, but watching my brother enjoy a lap dance a little too much was enough to hurtle my nice seafood dinner out of the depths of innerspace onto the floor.I'll give it up for the strippers super soft skin, though.  It's nice.  And they smell good too.  Lauren and I are thinking about creating a perfume called "Stripper".  It will be a blend of cucumber melon and coconut nectar with glitter.  Lots of glitter.Oh, and they have pretty nice fake boobs. If you like that sort of thing.
5	Awesomely awesome.
5	Way better than San Francisco strip clubs.
5	Well, I don't have much to compare it to, since this was the very first strip club I've ever gone to... but it was pretty damn memorable.My friends and I went here after midnight because my friend's girlfriend turned 21 at midnight... but it was packed!!! We guessed it was because it was the last day of AVN.. meh.There weren't any free seats, until about 20 to 30 mins of standing around and people watching... what else could I do? I have never seen so many exposed breasts in my life. We finally swooped on a row of couch seats and proceeded to get our smoke and drink on. No matter how many drinks I had, I could NOT get drunk in there. There were 4 guys and 2 girls (including me) in my group and we ALL had a great time. I only wished we were allowed to bring cameras in... haha.My boyfriend paid for my first 3 song lap dance. At first, I was like.. meh... but Yuki had the smoothest skin and a nice body. That was the first time I've ever cupped a woman's boobs. It was great.
5	This is by far the best strip club I've ever been to.  The girls are gorgeous and the drinks aren't too expensive.  Also, being a smoker, this is heaven.
5	Since CH2 closed this has to be the best strip club in Vegas.  There's enough girls to keep eveyrone happy and if you haven't come across one you like, have a few drinks at the bar and pick a stage to watch.  The best  thing i saw there was a stripper do a head spin like she was on ABDC then moonwalked across the stage on her shoulders.  If you hit up a strip club in Vegas, this is the one to go to.  Just don't blow all your money here, there's better things in vegas to blow your money on than a 4 min tease for 20 bucks.  But you'll have a great time.
5	No explanation needed...Look at the star rating above LOL!
4	Note to self:  Next time you come here, come more than half awake vs. more than half asleep.I think I was more sober this time and the place didn't look as great as the first time around, but still a Disneyland for adults great none-the-less.Made fun of some Brazilian stripper for her shitty Portuguese flirting.  Couldn't win over my dollars.Kudos to the Taxi driver afterward for giving us a glimpse of some underground illegal activities in Vegas that go down in shady unmarked buildings in random plazas.  But, $50 just to see a lineup.  Me thinks not, but might be a good idea for a future birthday, bachelor party, or divorce party gift to a homie.I got hit on by a whatever the hell you wanna call them!  CHECKED that off my life things to have experienced list.  (Note:  I'm not stupid, I know she was tryna play me for my paper, but was not drunk enough to give in...LOL!)Question of The Day - Would you rather lose $1000 gambling or spend $200 for 30 minutes of whatever's clever?  ...Boo to having morals!Taxi Driver also gave me some Spearmint Rhino's chick's # too that helps schedule in-room performances with their strippers.  $250 per hour per girl.  Holl-er at me if you want that #.
4	So I was in town for Spring Break with my two guy friends. They wanted to hit up a strip club, and I told them about how we could get a limo and complimentary admission.  Apparently, it's true, and there's no catch.  You probably just tip the driver, we tipped like $25 - which is great for a limo ride from your hotel and to the club.  Cover is normally $30 per person, yes ur allowed to wear sneakers.  The club is beautiful, very dim like everyone has mentioned, and the girls do come up to you.  I've noticed them talking to my friend a lot, and he shot down like a bunch before finding one he liked.  I was at the tipping stage - the girls were friendly - they talked to me and gave kisses on the cheek - adorable! It was a nice time. Gets pretty crowded around midnight and such.  Overall, there are definitely a lot of girls to choose from, I'm sure you'll find one you like here.  Good times ^_^
4	Good times where spent here in the past be it my bachelor party last year or my friends son's baptism. Which ever your reason for visiting a strip club, Spearmint in Las Vegas is a must do. The atmosphere is intoxicating and the women are entertaining. Just a tip for the rookie's, take a limo from your casino and tip the driver well this way you avoid lines and cover charge. (most of the the time the driver  doesn't charge you for the ride if it's at least a party of 7-8) Also make sure you bring enough cash the ATM surcharge inside is $40.
4	Boobies, boobies and more boobies. I've been told this place is one of the best strip clubs in Vegas. I can see why. Good looking girls and some what classy place. They have a limo service that will take you there for free. You just have to find your own way home. Taxi service is right outside. It's just not free. There are tons of hot ladies. But no pole skills. Hence the -1 star. I was very disappointed with that. Only one girl I saw actually danced on the pole. The rest were giving lap dances or grinding on the floor. We went with a group of girls and guys. We all had fun. I even went here with my boyfriend and we both enjoyed it. I'm sure he enjoyed it a little more than me though. The girls are pretty aggressive. Within two seconds of walking into the place one girl tried to take my man back to the Champagne room with her. Uh, no, don't think so. So I pawned her off on some of the single guys we were with. Rumor was they didn't come back to the hotel till 10am. So I am assuming they had a good time. Whether you're a guy or girl, single or taken, you're sure to have fun here.
1	Are you kidding me???  This old school clip joint hasn't the class to admit women without a male "escort."  The pee-on counting cabs in the driveway turned us away on my Birthday!  Not only that, but he could not give me a reason why, then insulted me with the obligatory "sorry sweetie."  What a joke!  If a top "gentleman's club" is turning away female clients, then it must be because the management isn't secure in their own manhood!  Needless to say, we went elsewhere and were greeted warmly, by the doorman, the waitresses and the dancers!  Not to mention the hot lap dance and loads of attention from all the ladies!  The Spearmint Rhino and their male staff are turning away good money in an effort to remain in power over their dancers. I say this because every woman at the other club said how much the LOVE FEMALE CLIENTS! So ladies... When in Vegas don't bother with a visit to the Rhino!!!  Head elsewhere and enjoy the show!
5	Two words. HOT and WOMEN.
4	There must've been around 80-100 girls on a mellow Monday night. Some of them can't dance and others are extremely skilled. One piece of advice, the prettiest ones don't "work" as hard because they don't have to.  I found the hottest girl in the club for my man (he likes a girl with a nice booty, preferably asian or mix), but he said she gave him a bad lap dace. Boo. my girl was great though! the softest skin and most natural fake boobs i've ever felt. and she gave me a kiss on the neck after the dance which was sweet.
5	This place is the whip, baby!This is a clear cut above all of the other strip clubs I've been to before. Leaps and bounds above. Pee Wee League to the NFL. A friend of mine and I call up the FREE limo service to pick us up a the hotel and drive us to Spearmint Rhino. The driver was nice, talkative but not annoying by any means. We get escorted right into the club with no cover charge (a benny of the limo service.)Seats were more than available and we were instantly immersed in a horde of beautiful women all more friendly than the next. A cocktail waitress kept our drinks topped off all night (7 bucks a pop, pretty reasonable for a gentlemen's club)Now, I've gotten a lap dance or two in my time but the way these girls acted just to get you to buy a dance was better than any lap dance I actually paid for. I know the drill with most strip clubs. Keep your hands at your sides and be a good boy. Not here at the Rhino. I was told over and over to put my hands on their ass, to feel their chests, breasts shoved into my mouth and then I get told that I'm shy!!I'm sure there are girls who are selling a little bit more than just a dance as there are plenty of VIP and private room rates for a pretty penny. The girls can sniff out money, as they were flipping over my tie to see which designer it was. You'll get the occasional one that just comes up and straight up asks for you to pay for a dance...decline them, they aren't working for it. The ones worth it will give you a preview of the lustful dance to come.The best part of this place? There were AT LEAST 100 girls here at one time. I would say a better guess would be 125-130. I asked one of the dancers if that was EVERY day and she said that on big weekends there could be as many as 200 there. Another small note, don't come with dollar bills...its not really a place where they do the dollar bill thing no stage, its more a table dance and up place.
5	No comment :)
4	On day 2 of our Vegas trip, I had already imbibed every type of alcohol imaginable. I had taken in every type of energy drink that can be possibly purchased in the city. I had quite possibly injected, snorted, and/or ingested any kind of illegal/legal drug that was within arms reach of me being sh*t-tanked.Now, that my body was beyond beat up, I had also taken in numerous buffet's and late night $2 steaks within the short 48 hours I ahad already been here.My digestive system is screwed.What to do, on another night of sh*t-faced debauchery when all the "cool hip" night clubs are already dying out with dance floors of sporadic E-tarded Night Vampires dancing dances you could only see on the National Geographic Channel?Buy yourself a boner.Boobs. As far as your drunken, stoned-out eyes can see.Ass. So fantastic, you might just bust a nut on your just-bought-for-Vegas designer jeans and bleach the front fly area.But as I said, I was already blitzed out of my mind, and my stomach was chock full of buffalo prime rib.Enter stomach churning sound.Now, the bathroom at this place isn't half bad. Granted, anyone using the restroom may notice pissing in a strip club may prove quite difficult. Unless you allow yourself ample time for your boner blood to dissipate back into the rest of your body. But, you know, you're not the only one.Who takes a sh*t at a strip club?I do.And with people uncomfortably pissing and avoiding eye contact with the next guy, the restroom is actually the quietest and most peaceful place in a strip club.There was an ample supply of seat covers and toilet paper.Bravo!Now if only the girls knew that there little neck humming vibrations on your crotch for $40 actually brought them within millimeters of a minutes-ago diarrhea-dotted taint.
4	Man oh man, the girls here are smokin' hot.  The free limo / no cover service is no joke, and we certainly took advantage of it.  Since there were 9 of us, they sent a party bus, which was awesome.  Once inside we got bottle service and we began our ritual of taking turns buying lapdances for the bachelor.The strippers are gorgeous and know how to dance.  The seating is comfortable, drinks are good, and since it's Vegas it seems to never close.  We were here until 6:30 a.m., and we would have stayed longer were it not for money woes.Money is the only gripe here - dances start at $20 per song (not $40 as I previously stated), and private dances are $100.  The ATM charges a 10% fee, which is insane.  I have never encountered a percentage, and would have taken out more money if not for that fee.Still, the strippers here are great.  Get the limo service, bring enough cash from outside, and leave when you run out.
2	okay so I'm a little upset now that i read these reviews because i DID NOT know about this free limo service/ strip club thing that obviously everyone else and their moms is clued into so I'm sure if that was the case i might have given an extra 2 or 3 stars. BUT other then that here's my review coming from a girl- a girl who loves strip clubs and the strippers that hustle her out of her money. came with a local guy [ my friends work buddy ] while he was handling the valet sitch we walk in to the front [ 4 girls its about 4-5am?? drunk after club hopping] and get told we CANNOT ENTER without the presence of a male escort, WTF!??!?!? i will slap the sh*t outta you hoe. WTF not? i ask oh so belligerently and obviously politely =] because we have to make sure your not here to work the room. We i get it i mean yea hookers are legal here- smart idea pick up on some turned on guys rarin to go and offer them discounted prices to leave now and not give it to strippers.- i understand so we wait til our "male escort" comes up but what if he is our pimp? doesn't THAT make a little more sense? THE lamest rule i have EVER heard and i am sooooooooooo glad we had him with us or i would have poss. went to jail for ripping the rude front door girls weave off after being told we can't come in just cuz we also have vaginas. anyways. after hearing the absurd rule we are ordered to pay $50 bux each for entry- this includes your 2 drink min. WTF?!? okay so i have heard of high prices before for entry- even had to pay $20 bux once or twice maybe even thrice but $50? geeezus. Oh well it included your 2 drink min. which was AWESOME because that INCLUDES booze! whoohooo! but with the booze comes the panty rule boooooooooo. drink booze= no nude. FINE! grrrr. luckily our local friend didn't have to pay and footed the bill for the 4 of us because he had recommended this place to begin with. So yay! the chicks are really hott. Like really really pretty and def. worth seeing. BUT the buck stops there. no pole tricks- so disappointing. I am a sucker for pole tricks and i was super bummed about not even seeing 1 single trick after being there 2 hours. got a lap dance courtesy of my friend since i was so bummed about no tricks. she did it right there on the couch in front of everyone which was OK i guess but being a girl i felt a little strange knowing that i had 60 eyes glued to me with awe and lesbian fantasies. and i felt a little weird when the guy down from us got his on the couch in front of everyone too- its hard trying not to look hahah. the girl who did my dance was cool, nice, clean, fun, but she kept repeating "wow " over and over and i had to pinch my girlfriends leg to help from totally busting out laughing at her. It was super short and not very good but eh i was drunk and didn't pay for it to begin with so whatevs. the club itself is HUGE lots of diff. little areas- didn't get swarmed on to bad by guys- they mostly left their grabbin for the dancers which is always appreciated. Just one group of douche bags from some foreign country who thought it was okay to follow us around and be annoying. ps. also the first time i have EVER ordered food from a strip club [ I'm laughing even thinking about it now hah but it was 6 am and we were wassssted] we got some sort of appetizer platter and it def. wasn't one of the worst i had ever had. hahah but yea 2 stars only for how hot the strippers were and for the booze factor. everything else minus minus minus.
5	Now I sometimes like to consider my a strip club connoisseur, with my other favorite spots being Cheetah, Pink Pony & Strokers in Atlanta, along with Lookers & Delilahs Den in Dirty Jerz, But let me just say, this masterpiece of a strip club has them all beat. The Rhino is my favorite destination in Las Vegas, between its great customer service and insane selection of girls, I don't know what more you can ask for. Whether you re a high roller who's gonna buy bottles and do VIP service or just an average Joe who wants to sit at a table and eyeball some T&A (keep in mind I've done both.) This place is perfect for you.I found atleast 9/10 strippers to be quite friendly and well mannered unlike some of the money grubbing animals you re guaranteed to find elsewhere. On my last trip to Vegas, I came here three times, the first two we had bottle service and I enjoyed myself while slumped over in the vip section talking to some rather overly friendly albeit lazy strippers for atleast a few hrs, spending little to no money on dances. Never once was i pressured to spend more to maintain my sweet spot or overcharged for anything. (Note my credit card was declined here once when it was tried on the 2nd nite here, but Im sure this speaks more to the volumes of identity theft protection afforded to me by my bank then any sort of problem with the Rhino.) The last time I went here, after being thoroughly tapped out on my trip by all the overpriced food n drink elsewhere on the strip, I came to the Rhino to spend my monday nite in my favorite watering hole. Accompanied by my friend and armed with no drugs, we each killed many hours here waiting for my flight home, We picked up mulitple numbers, that neither of us even asked for and by the end of the nite, one piece of work ended up in our hotel room. Quite impressive considering it was a girl who got literally not a penny out of us. Points off tho for her horrible lip job. The BEST part of this establishment is the attitude, girls want you to slap their asses and grab their tits, security makes sure its loyal customers are well taken care of and the pretty lil waitress always makes sure my drink is sitting on a napkin even when im constantly picking them up to wipe my hands after fondling each girl. Whether Straggler or VIP room girl, almost all were willing to stop sit on your lap and chat while you caught a feel. Compared the Customer service i received at THEHotel, this place set the mark in making you feel welcome and at home while on vacation!The only downsides of this club could be the smokey enviroment and the inconsistent music played. Kudos to management!
4	First I'll tell you why I gave this a 4 star and not 5.  We went to Vegas for UFC 100 and came here on a Saturday, it was so packed that we could not sit down anywhere!Now the good stuff...YOU MUST COME HERE!  ALL the women are gorgeous and it lives up to its reputation.  Check it out for yourself.  Talk to your VIP host or concierge, you could get a free limo ride (but no free cover) but most cab drivers till take you here and will pay for your cover too (they get a kick back).  Again, definitely stop by this place if you're in Vegas.
3	I took my best friend here the night before his wedding. We were set to go somewhere else but the guy at the cab stand suggested here instead. Well. The place is dark. I mean, DARK. We stumbled around for a bit trying to find a spot to sit. It was a Friday night and still relatively early so it wasn't too crowded... which was a bummer because I would have enjoyed feeling my way, if you know what I mean. We weren't in our seats 2 minutes before the vultures began descending. I dubbed the first girl "Skeletor", not because of how rail thin she was, but because her cheeks were so sunken in, she looked like a toothless crack whore. I kid you not. Plus she looked to be about 50. I mean, the place was dark, but not SO dark that we couldn't tell she was in no way attractive. We immediately began to question the steep cover charge. Let me interrupt myself here to comment on the cover charge. $50 a person! We later found out from a friendly girl that they check your ID's first so they know if you're an out-of-towner. Locals don't get hit with the cover charge. Shame on you for that, SR. Back to the girls. Meh. Really. I can appreciate a lovely lady but we had to turn away girl after girl because of one thing or another. Like, they had great boobs but no butt. Or a great butt and no boobs. Perhaps that's why it is so dang dark in this place? So discerning people can't be quite so... discerning? Really, we were not impressed at all. Until...My friend went to use the bathroom. While he was in there, I spotted HER. I had to get up out of my seat and get her attention. She was the ONE girl who had "the entire package" and I knew my BFF would approve. She waited patiently for my friend to come back. When he did and saw her, I knew I picked the right girl.  She was the only one we picked to dance for us that night. And she DID NOT disappoint. She is the ONLY reason this place gets the 3 stars from me. It was all made worth it when we returned to our hotel and my friend's wife-to-be complained how my friend was smeared in lipstick and glitter from head to toe. She asked him to take a shower right away because "he smelled like cheap booze and cheap women". Hey!! Those women were NOT cheap!!
4	A more traditional strip club with a main stage and pole. Very low key compared to Sapphire's up tempo.
5	Simply the best one in Vegas.No matter why you are going here or how many people you have, MAKE SURE TO CALL TO ARRANGE FREE LIMO PICKUP. It's free for 1 person or 30 people and they will let you in through the back FREE of charge. Don't bother paying the cover. This is a great way to go.
2	I want my money back.
1	Went Friday August 21st....me and my wife $50.00 to get in..(oh you get 2 watered down drinks) and then you have to stand around and if a seat comes open a bouncer will come by and remove you.  (you must be on the list or buy a bottle)   There were a lot of girls but without a seat you are at the mercy of the VIP room etc...we had way more fun at some of the other places.   This place sucks now and will continue to suck while it is the "in" place....save your money and go to one of the lesser known places...after all it IS vegas and the girls at the other places are just as hot and not as pushy.
2	I was there Saturday August 22nd from about 11:30pm to 2am. Cover was $50 per person and that included two drinks. The run down for dances was $20 for a chair dance or $100 for 3 in the VIP room. If you wanted to go in the VIP room there was a 20min wait because the room was full and a line built up and if you wanted a chair dance you had to be one of the lucky people who somehow got a seat. My buddy and I kind of hung out near the stage until some suckers got up to use the restroom and we jacked their seats. Once we got them we took turns guarding them while the other was gone. Ok so to the girls. First off if you like real boobs you are in the wrong place (that's most strip clubs now that I think of it). The place had a lot of girls but only a hand full were really pretty and they always seemed to be going in and coming out of the VIP room.  The club was dirty and by dirty I mean it looked like it had not been cleaned in weeks. The seats were downright gross, they were sticky from god knows what and had cigarette burns in them. The way I look at it is for what this place charges they should at least have a few girls under the age of 25 and give the place a good cleaning from time to time.
2	Much like the Rio and the Sahara... the Spearmint Rhino is a standing memorial of Las Vegas days gone past. While once at the very top of Las Vegas adult venues, the Rhino has slowly turned - much to the delight of the Vegas "old guard"  - as THE place to find wild women who are sick and tired of dancing at those overrated "trendy" spots.  Nightly people watching sessions provide amusement for blue collar and white collar worker alike, as the girls here are friendly and accommodating to even the smallest budget. If you are low on dough but want to be "in the know" then the Rhino is the place for you!
2	NO NO AND NO!!seriously 50 bucks just to enter??  And if you use any kinda plastic to get in, you'd better have an extra hundred lying around to cover the fee they reimburce you after they cash their 50. the only reason i went here was cause a friend was working other than that, i woulda got back in the cab and told the cabbie to take me back to the bellagio poker room..the girls were EH, which is really disappointing since IT IS VEGAS, and spearmint is a big name! bummer. 2 stars cause the dress is real chill, def can get in with a T shirt flip flops shorts and a hat. i liked that.
4	Glitter, sequins, booze. No, not a drag show, it's a titties bar! This review is different. Why? Because I'm a gay boy that went to the Spearmint Rhino. Haha.The free VIP limo ride totally set the bar for it being my first titties bar. This service fosters a big ass thumbs up. Makes you feel like royalty. Pretty much the only way a princess like me would roll to a club like this. Gay guy approved.I only learn all my booty bouncing, ass shaking, and pole working skills from the best. Thanks ladies, I'm totally using that single leg wrap around move at the gay bar next time.Bachelor party status. That's why I was here. I got offered a lap dance, I warned the girl she's probably not going to get a boner out of me, she did her business, now I can safely say I love peen. Straight-guy debauchery, Ass, Tits, 36-24-36's everywhere. I think this review has garnered a lot of explicit language.I'll just sum it up with one phrase. "Hey cutie, you wanna party?"
3	boy did this place eff me up! it was my first time to any strip club ever. the girls were fun. topless. all i remember is the drinks were soo strong there.. i got shitfaced. next morning, my bank account was in the negatives.. let's just say that! ! i had fun but not THAT much fun!
2	I don't know if I am the person you want to ask about strip clubs, because they are just not my thing. My friend and I went to Vegas on a whim and he wanted to go to a strip club because he had never been to one. The cab driver recommended the Spearmint Rhino and got us in on a discount $10 each cover because he had it in with the owner. We went in on a weekday evening. It was dark and crowded, my friend went to get us some drinks and we were invited to a special V.I.P. viewing platform. The two Jack on the rocks were $20 each and they were heavily watered down. Once we were seated two young blonde women approached us and began to talk to us about whether or not we wanted to talk. I had previously filled in my friend that this would lead to them asking to provide him with a lap dance and instructed him to tell them kindly that he didn't want any company. We both dismissed our visitors and I sat sipping my watered down drink until my cohort had soaked in the surroundings. He watched and whispered about how funny it was to see the man in the front row have a woman's crotch rubbed all up in his face. Eventually he decided that he found none of the women attractive and that he was not thrilled about the experience. I told him when he finished his drink we could leave and so we did. We paid the coat check on the way out and went to dinner. All and all this place was not the great slice of heaven it was made out to be. CHAD
5	The best strip club experience. Ever. Took the complimentary limo ride to avoid paying the cover charge. Went to the club on a Wednesday and it was packed. Was trying to find a seat and 2 ladies approached me before I could find a seat. They were pretty hot. Lot of gorgeous ladies on a Wednesday night. Lots of 9's working. Drinks were pretty good and bathrooms were clean. Best part of course were the ladies. I have to say that there was a wide variety to choose from and they were not pushy at all. Standard rates apply for the dances. Best part is you are not obligated to buy drinks which seem to go up in price when you are being entertained. I really enjoyed myself that night and can not wait to do it again.
5	Mike French and Johnny Ramos the door hosts are off the hook..O wait you want to hear about the girls.   9pm-3am are the hottest girls.  They have probably 75-100 girls at any givin time.  Call them and they will have a free limo pick ypu up and bring you back.  FREE !!  I found out they pay cabs big buckes to bring you there so take the limo.
1	Disappointed.This was my first time at a strip club with female performers.  What better place to check one out?  Las Vegas of course.  We took a party bus over from Ballys and didn't have to pay cover.  I'm a little foggy on the details of that arrangement.  Our group was ushered over to a table.Maybe I've been watching too many music videos.  I was expecting a little more.  What I saw was lots of  girls crawling around on stage.  Tips must come easy in this place.  Only one girl made an attempt at any legitimate pole work.  By comparison she was the stand out of the night, I stuffed my ones in her g-string and called it a day.  After the guys rolling with us had received their lackluster lap dances we bounced.
4	ok, so either i went on the right night, or all the other reviews just got suckered, but i thought the spearmint rhino was great!went to vegas for a friends bitrhday with our one-and-only's in tow and decided that it would be a crime not to see some boobs. my friend called the spearmint rhino and said we had a party of five and we were bringing girls. the woman on the phone said "great, no cover, we'll send a limo." awesome! not only did we get the vip treatment but the club was clean, non threatening and surprisingly un-skeezy. we spent most of the evening drinking in the back room with the single dancer stage. all of the girls in our area of the club had natural breasts which i thought was pretty cool. the girls weren't pushy about private dances and a great night full of boobs and booze was had by all.
5	we always have a blast with friends over here.. spending money here definitely has its rewards :).  enjoy!
5	Here's why my experience was different from yours and I loved the Spearmint Rhino:*Someone else paid for my cover*Someone else paid for my drink (singular)*Someone slzs paid for me to have lap dancesThe girls were actually mad funny if you talked to them, and there are roughly 100 workers there at a time, which I found amazing. There's something about a free limo service to come pick you up, I think, but don't recall as this was about 6 months ago. All in all, I was just in awe of the place and would only tell someone to go there if they had the financial means. Much higher quality girls here than most places, I would assume, but for your first strip club experience, not the best initial point.
2	Yawn. Boring and waaaay too expensive. Admission price is ridiculous  and I was in a foul mood once inside thinking how the place basically raped me, but not in the way I would have preferred. Where's the midgets and donkeys I ask you?This stupid bouncer character standing around noticed that our group was basically just watching the stage shows from the back and not "participating" so he felt he had to comment. "C'mon guys, what are you guys gay?" WTF? Why cuz we're not stupid idiots spending hundreds for lap dances on chicks who are so transparent about their desire for cash (c'mon make the customer feel special or something) then we must be into our own sex? C'mon playa, I'm horny but not as stupid as some, and fo sho not as pitiful in my life that the only job I can get is bouncing at a strip joint. Not knocking the girls cuz they're the talent...but you my friend are just that lame who can't do anything but stand for hours acting like he's keeping things safe cuz he can't do anything better in life to earn money. Go stand outside and frisk people or something...just do something productive...but don't leer behind guys acting like you're somebody.These strip joints put me to sleep. Next...
5	$50 cover charge if you arrive by taxi or drive yourself.  They want you to use their free limo service to avoid the high cover charge.  You are expected to tip the limo service though so it is not really free.  Most dancers were pushy about dances but were nice enough to move on if you just smile and say no thanks. Don't be a fool...avoid using your credit card here!!! (or any strip club for that matter).  The club has tons of hot women and it is open 24/7.  It does get really crowded during peak hours.
5	I came here awhile back on a Friday night, I believe there's a $50 cover if you arrive on your own. But if you order the free limo service they waive the cover fee, just make sure to tip the driver well. Saves you a bundle!Once inside, the place itself is beautiful & spacious. Large variety of beautiful girls everywhere, everyone's really friendly. No cesarean scars or uglies here! 3 of my friends & I got a seat by the stage right away. Time really flies once you're in there, you'll have the time of your life. A definite must for a Vegas visit!
5	Personally, this is my favorite topless "ballet" in Las Vegas. The girls are friendly, no cover charge for locals and all my friends enjoy going with me. The only knock I have against this place, is that the drinks are a tad bit more expensive then I figured they would be. (Yes I know this is Vegas, it is a high end ballet and they have a captured audience) Short of that though, this place kicks ass!
1	SCAM!Yes, that's right... I said "SCAM!"The Spearmint Rhino has always been a place that's come up as one of the top strip clubs in Vegas. Of course I had to go check it out while in Vegas this weekend with my friend. First off, we knew about the free limo thing, but weren't able to work that one out. We ended up taking a cab and also paying the steep cover to get in. On the surface, this joint made a decent first impression. A bevy of beautiful girls. You couldn't really go too wrong here looks-wise. Girls here are so consistently good looking, you would think you walked on to a strip club movie set. It didn't take long though before we started to see the cracks in the foundation here... and they run deep.Before we could even take it all in, I get accosted and molested by this tall blond Eastern European girl who tried dragging me back to VIP. I had to say "no" half a dozen times and yank my arm away from her before she took the hint. She kept touching my dick through my pants while trying to pull me to the VIP lounge talking about 200 dollars and how I didn't want to sit at a table because it's no fun there. Well, maybe I like sitting in the main room having drinks and talking to people. Maybe I don't want to go have a private dance with a complete stranger. That shit is awkward. I would like to get to know someone a little bit first. What if I find out your personality is shit and then I'm stuck in the VIP room with some hot asshole and 200 bucks lighter? Plus, I don't really want some stranger touching my dick instead of a handshake... I suppose I'm weird that way. My friend and I walked around the club a few times looking for a seat. They let too many people in here. Absurdly too many. I was told to go talk to a guy up at the front if I wanted a seat. He put my name on his list and said he would try to find me something and to just keep checking back with him. I wandered around some more and had 3 more girls come up to me and touch my dick and try to drag me off to the back room. It got quite annoying rather quickly. Let me fucking sit down for 5 minutes. My friend and I decided to just sit at one of the two bars and have a drink while we wait. Another girl comes up to us and guilts me into buying her a drink. I hate that. I don't buy girls drinks at bars. I buy my date drinks. I buy my friends drinks. I don't buy strangers drinks because they are pretty... or in their bra and panties for that matter. She did turn out to be useful though because she informed me that if I don't give the guy at the door 100 bucks, I won't get a seat ever. She was kind enough to walk around the place with us looking for open seats. We ended up lucking out by asking a guy if we could sit at his table with him. It was a great spot too. Things were turning around for us. Then my friend asked the girl who ushered us around the club if he could buy our new friend a dance for sharing his table with us, and she said she didn't do $20 dances - she only did VIP. We all immediately lost interest in her and sent her away. That kind of attitude was just a buzzkill. This became the standard pretty much - it seemed that most girls there refused to give you a $20 dance on the floor, but would only go back to VIP. I don't want to go to VIP - it's creepy. I don't want to get any more intimate than just the standard lapdance. Looking around, we noticed very few dances on the floor going on - just a long-ass line to the VIP area. I even had one filthy blond scam artist liar tell me she was under contract and couldn't do $20 dances. She kept coming up to me throughout the night trying to drag me off to VIP. I kept saying I didn't want to go and she kept insisting. I felt like I was trying to wander off a used car lot and a sleazy salesman in a bra and panties wasn't letting me leave. I had a Larry David moment with this girl. She finally guilted me into going back to the room. She insists I give her the money first - her counting it took up the first song. Then she started doing the worst half-assed standard boring soulless yawn-inducing lapdance without going anywhere near my lap. I stopped her after about 30 seconds and told her I felt swindled and cheated. I wanted to leave and get my money back. Long story short - It became a big embarrassing ordeal for everyone, but the manager ended up giving me 40 bucks back. It was the principle of the thing for me at this point. We promptly left after this.Spearmint Rhino has attractive girls, and some of them were actually nice. It's possible to have a good time. However, most girls here seem to only do the VIP room and scam you out of your cash. Drinks are overpriced, it's too dark inside, and they pack it so full it's standing room only. Arizona clubs give better dances for half the price, the girls don't act like they're too good for the job, and they let you get to know them a bit before you decide you want to go to the VIP lounge with them.
3	Tip the door guy $60 and you get a table like 3 feet away from all the buttz.
5	This is by far the best and the greatest top less gentlemens club in Vegas!! All the ladies are top 10. You might even see "frenchy" from the Rock of Love reality show that was on Vh1.. Haha. Honestley, if you an some friends ever do come to Vegas on a 3day weekend, forget about trying to find seats there.. You might have to spend a few and tip the bouncers to find you a great spot in the club.. Have fun!! You won't regret it..
4	Hot Diggity Dog. The ladies here are as hot as they can get.Then again, what helps the girls out is the lighting. You can't really see them. Unless they're on-stage, it's hard to get a real gander at girls standing 5 feet away from you without the help of a flashlight.Also, drinks here are as pricey as a poor guy like myself can get. I spent $9 for a regular bottle of Heineken. I could buy a six pack at that same price at Safeway! After that, I decided it'd be better to "pre-drink" before-hand the next time I come to this place.The complimentary limo service is great. I had them pick up me and 2 buddies of mine from our hotel to the club and they waived the $50 cover. Just had to tip the limo driver $5 for each guy he brought. But still, saved $135 right there.In regards to the girls, not only are they gorgeous, but many of them are pretty smart and can carry great conversations. Maybe it's because they talk about themselves to their customers all night long which gives them that conversation edge, but still, it was refreshing to talk to busty hot ladies who weren't stuck-up and had a decent head on their shoulders. Talked with one girl about her aspirations to be a lead drummer for a band someday since that was an instrument she excelled at. Also, found out one of the girls was studying to be a nurse and we ended up talking about organic chemistry since chemistry was my minor back in college.So -1 star for the ambience, -1 star for the expensive drinks, +1 star for the limo service, and +5 stars for the girls.
5	free limo ride. no cover. got my first lap dance. it was a pretty good night!
4	Most of the dancer/entertainers there are very hot 9/10s. If they are below your standards in the looks department, check your wallet ID, you might be Tom Brady or John Mayer. Most were pretty friendly and easy going, but they are world class hustlers, so keep your guard up to some degree.I went there on a busy weekend on a Saturday night for a few hours and we did manage to find a seat after 20 minutes of searching. It was loud and not a relaxing atmosphere. I had a pretty good time though.
4	Call this # (702) 966-2702 from the LV Spearmint Rhino website to get a FREE limo to pick you up from wherever on the Las Vegas strip and FREE entrance into Spearmint Rhino for those Bachelor Parties or Birthday Parties.  -  You might want to also tip the door guy and ask him if he could hook up your whole crew with an area to sit in vs. having half your group stand up and the other half sit down on a busy night like Friday or Saturday night.  It might also be smart to ask the person on the phone if they could get you an area to sit at as a group.  It should be no problem if you guys buy a bottle too.  Also, if you're going on a busy night like Friday or Saturday, be prepared to have to wait a little while for that limo to come and get you.And remember to save enough cash for the taxi ride back to your hotel!
5	The best strip club I've ever been to, in terms of girl quality. We'll leave it at that...
5	HOTTEST, AND I MEAN HOHOHHOOTTET, STRIPPERS I HAVE EVER SEEN. i usually like my strippers a little more acrobatic, but i cant complain...they are smokin'. and c'mon, people! DON'T COME HERE AND COMPLAIN ABOUT BEING SCAMMED!! hustlin' is part of their job. AND BOYS, don't come here with no money to blow, and then cry about not having a good time. go change your tampon, take a midol, and enjoy yourself.
1	I felt like a Lil kid in a candy store who had taken a really excited bite into a rotten piece of candy. It was like drinking wine that had gone rancid and tasted like vinegar. The girls are beat. I mean ugly. I will give the benefit of the doubt that it could've been a bad night for staffing. But whatever, really wanted a lap dance from a hot chick on my bday with the BF. I literally couldn't pick one, they all sucked. I got desperate before we left, watched her do her thing on stage and was ready, I walked up to her and threw up in my mouth a lil. She was hideous and nothing what she looked in the darker lighting OMG. So disappointed. Really disgusted. Lesson learned: HUGE reasons why strip clubs are dark, and ..."why go out for hamburger when you have steak at home" -Paul NewmanOh and P.S. Guy's there are more than a few male to female "chicks" in there.  A girl knows when a girl isn't a girl...Dont let that lighting get ya...
5	#1 strip club in Las Vegas!!!
1	Rofl good lord this place...why did I pay $40 to come here?  :/  Probably because the bf and others wanted to...Super dark and super crowded.
1	The WORST well-known strip club in Vegas.If you want the Spearment Rhino experience, go out and find some wannabe tough guy meathead to pretend like he's the bouncer and have him bark orders at you while you stand in a line of men 50 deep. Then ask those men to crowd with you in a telephone booth and hire 1 or 2 women to do a half-hearted striptease 30 feet away. Then drop $30 for the experience. That pretty much sums up this overcrowded atrocity of a gentleman's club.Go to Olympic Gardens or Treasures instead. Hell, even Palamino Club or Glitter Gulch downtown is a more pleasant experience.
4	Spearmint Rhino was my very first strip club experience, and an experience it was. I ventured there with  friends on a Saturday around 12:30am. The cover charge was $20 but it included two complimentary drinks. Once we were inside the place was PACKED. You had to fight your way through a sea of people (mainly men) to go anywhere. Unless you had VIP reservation sitting down was simply not an option. The club was extremely dark but that did not stop me from admiring its classy design. We grabbed our drinks and just decided to walk around and explore. The majority of my high rating stems from the girls. They were all incredibly hot. And this is coming from a girl.. I read a review below of some girl saying the strippers were busted and she couldn't pick out a single attractive one. This is pure BS!! This club allowed me to be SUPER picky and still have a great selection of girls. I had two lap dances.  First lap dance was my very first ever and she was picked by a friend, cute girl, very friendly but not my ideal type. Nevertheless it was fun, I was drunk. She asked me not to be shy and grabbed my hands on her breast as I awkwardly stroked them.  It was a fun experience. We somehow ended up with Spearmint Rhino Tshirts..I don't know.I also read below that the bouncers were assholes and rude which initially made me leary of going there. But I must say that no one in there was rude to us.Yes, the drinks are watered down an expensive. Come drunkYes, it is incredibly packed on busy nights, so expect to stand around a lot unless you're VIP or buying dances.Yes, some girls will refuse a regular dance and insist she only does VIP. Cool, good thing there are 100 other girls in the club just like you.Yes, if you act like an idiot or harass the stripper the bouncers will kick you out.I liked the variety of the girls, friendly attitude of most of the girls and the fact that they all seemed couple/girl friendly. I will definitely be going back for other special occasions and would highly suggest this place to anyone looking to go to a gentlemen's club. It will spoil you, however, and most other clubs simply won't live up to the standard.
1	If you work here you know it's one of the rare hot spots in vegas and you pay a high $80 fee.  But with the economy being bad and all they have hired too many girls.  The top girl's have left because it isn't worth it anymore, and the prostitutes have come in.  Yeah it might be good for guys if you can get a little extra blow job with your dance.  But this place isn't what it use to be.  IT's shady.  The managers are coked out.  THey only care who lines their pockets, so if you're not spending at least $1000 when you go there, you're nobody and nobody will give you attention.  Especially if you don't tip 20% (2-400$ on top of an already $1/2k tab).  The girls seem friendly until you only want that $20 dance.  If you're not getting a VIP $200+ then they get mad.  $20 dances are frowned upon.  Some are so aggressive they  try to drag you in a $400 VIP as soon as you walk in the door without even tleling you.  There is an older body builder russian girl who always stands at the door with her friends and drag them in.  Watch out for the girls who stand around outside the VIP rooms too.  This club is way expensive.  The girls arent' hot like they use to be.  And they're way to aggressive.  Try somewhere more chill like Paradise, Ricks =, or Sapphire.  There is bound to be a handfull of pretty girls, you can pick your f avorite, and I'm sure they'll be friendlier.
3	Rated R review! Rated R review coming! Parental advisory recommended.  You know a trip to the strip club is in order whenever you're in town.  This could turn out to be quite an expensive endeavor.  However, I'm here to tell you how to go to the club and not spend as much money as anticipated.  I mean, yeah, it's fun to make it rain on the ladies with Rick Ross blaring over the loudspeakers, but we're not all sleeping on a bed of money like Floyd Mayweather.  Now let's ride...Cover is $30-35, but you can get in for free and get a free limo pickup if you call the club and ask for it.  They'll send a driver to come get you.  Make sure you tip him before entering the club.  Furthermore, you enter through the back and look like a local.  Coming to this place in pumas and a Carolina blue Nike running jacket will also cause the bouncers to believe you are a local, but I digress.  Call the club, have them pick you up in stretch vehicles, then use that saved money on the talent!It's a huge venue with tons of girls ready to $boogie$ on your lap from all over the West so there are tons of pretty ones there (I heard up to 300 on a weekend night) to make up for any grenades or land mines.  It also can get very crowded on the weekends around midnight.  Just be careful - you get too wasted you might wake up with a $2000 credit card bill and your watch missing.  My PSA for yelpnation.I feel like I've revealed too much of myself here.  I didn't even tell the story of how I sat in Drew Barrymore's entourage and watched her go to the champagne room.  Or how my old roommate lost his glasses in one of the chairs there.  I'll save that for XXXYelp After Dark.
3	After a disastrous time at Koi, my girls and I were in need of a little pick me up.  That's where Spearmint comes in.  My friend was a "strip club virgin" and we all agreed it was time to pop her "strip club cherry."  And what trip to Vegas is not complete without paying a visit to Spearmint?  Despite the $40 cover charge that the bouncer tacked on each of us to get in because we were girls, which to me doesn't make sense because usually its the other way around.  It was definitely quite the experience.  We ended up getting our own table, got complimentary drinks, and MADE.IT.RAIN!!!.  .  .  .  .   HEEYYY!!  "Cheetah Girl" broke my friend off good!  Although, it was a little difficult to find a cute girl to get a lap dance from, since it's SO. FREAKING. DARK!  We were lucky to hit the jackpot with an actually good looking one.Now that I think of it, there's a reason why it's so damn dark in there.  Because, once you go to the women's bathroom where it's ridiculously bright, you will discover  that most of the chicks are busted.  But, of course, you wouldn't be able to tell the difference if you got your "Beer Googles" on.  Other than that, Spearmint is definitely something one must experience.
3	You didn't think I'd write a bunch of Yelp reviews in Vegas and skip the Rhino did you?I'm not ashamed to say that I've been here. Would I come here on my own? Hell no. Would I come here with friends who live in Vegas? Hell no.BUT, it's worth a visit when your friends from out of town want to experience a slightly sinful side of Vegas. Plus...this place has name recognition. It's mainstream, but still a strip club.The club charges a $20 cover, even for locals (at least they did for me). It's a smaller club compared to others like Sapphire, and it's crowded! Good luck finding a seat somewhere. Just try really hard. And look for the guys who seem like they will give up their seat so that they can go to a VIP area with their lady of choice.It's easy to forget you are in a strip club because it's so crowded and packed. Remember that you are in a strip club. Just about any female in that place actually works there. If you try to pick up on any of them, remember....they work there. DONT BE THAT GUY.It's a dark club of course. The music is meh. The dancers seem to come in all genres (I'll leave the interpretation up to you).Drinks are pricey (as usual), but sometimes you can get a couple of drink tickets with your cover charge.
4	I've moved on from Riding Bulls to Rhino's Baby!!! Ha!Spearmint Rhino is A+ to the max!Not that I've been to tons of Strip Clubs but out of the many I have been to this club by far is the best of the best.- Must have been 2,000 girls on a Sunday night (lol) and about 1,990 of those girls were "Grade A"- They have a great selection of booths and comfy seating (Arrive Early)- Bartenders are quick & make em' strong- Customer service is A++++ , everyone who worked there was very helpful & treated you with a high respect- Girl's were not too pushy, you simply say "no thanks, waiting for someone else" and they smile and were on their way.Best part was their FREE super fast LIMO service. They pick you up from any LAS VEGAS HOTEL and take you through the VIP "Back Entrance" where you pay NO COVER CHARGE! They treat couples like royalty and all and all my Fiance's 30th Birthday was a entertaining hit thanks to Spearmint Rhino! ;-)P.s. - A Beautiful & Talented Asian Dancer by the name of "Francine Dee" is by far the best in the house! She was such a sweetheart!
5	This isn't going to be much of a review because there isnt much to say... I don't want to act like I DONT frequent these types of estabishments - but for you people who know what a typical one is like then I have no problem with saying that this place is heaven.  Theres not need to be scared... they wont bite you, without a private room. I wish I could give more stars, as I've already given enough money to them. There must be at least 5 girls there that I've funded their entire college tuition.  Your welcome ladies.10 out of 5 stars......and thats all I have to say, about that.
3	Why yelp about the Best Strip Club in Vegas?! Vegas has over 35+ sclubs and there ALL the same. Have a plan, walk around and look 4 the "total package" and go 4 it. Don't spend all night with 1 when there's 100's. Stay any longer and your atm/visa card gets a work out. ;D
5	Hot women and cheap beer! Need i say more!
5	They are the best strip club in the world, I'm a professional stripper. Worked there for years, they treat girls best compare to all other clubs, that's why hottest girls don't leave. Why leave if they make most money there. I stop in one in a blue moon just to waken up the stripper spirit in me. That's all.
3	Posting so other yelpers know how this place works and have a good time.1. Come by car.  Fees are added for the taxi and/or limo drivers who bring guest to the Rhino.2.  Come with locals.  Nevada residents are free.  No local ID, you pay what they want to charge you. Locals might be able to get you in.3.  Don't flash a roll.  You will get picked up right away by a hostess.  Better to look first and make your choice.4.   You don't get to see unless you pay.  $20 is the rate for the dance.  Don't get fooled.  5.  If you reject a hostess, she gets annoyed quick.  IRRITATING.6.  VIP back room fee is a minimum of $100.  That's all you should expect to pay.  The girls can charge you whatever they like so keep that in mind.  Negotiate first.  You don't want to get in it with a bouncer.REMEMBER, THE GIRLS DO NOT DO ANYTHING THAT YOU COULDN'T ALREADY DO TO YOURSELF.Follow these tips and you will have a good time.  Oh yeah, the girls are HOT!
5	GORGEOUS girls and TONS of em! Very comfortable and casual, we sat and had a few drinks and watched the dancers on stage for an hour or so and nobody made us feel too bad about not slamming drinks or getting lap dances right out of the gate. Later we got a few dances from 5 different girls and there was a pretty wide spctrum of what we could touch (us girlies got some GREAT boob action!) and attitudes. I would recommend you watch a girl you like give a dance before you pay for one...attitude and a pleasant spunky attitude makes all the difference for me, but if you just want a 10 you can't go wrong here so you can afford to be picky! There were a ton of girls so we in about 4 hours we never saw the same one on the main stage and if you liked the main dancer you can 'follow' them (perfectly acceptable, non-stalker behavior ;) ) to the 2nd and 3rd stages for their follow-up dances. There was something for every one I don't think there was one 'type' that got excluded (except fat ugly b&%$*s but nobody needs to pay to see that...) and everywhere you looked there where boobs of alllll shapes and sizes.Went to Sapphire the night before and we were REALLY disappointed, Rhino all the way! Got the free limo/cover at the hotel 5 min after we called! COULDN'T BE HAPPIER!
5	This is the best strip club in the country. Anyone who says otherwise is a spammer/competitor.The strippers do give drama if you don't buy lap dances. One lectured me on my ethics.Stripper: Want a lap dance?Me: NoStripper: Then why are you here?!Me: Chilling with my friends.Stripper: Just so you know, the girls have to pay $85 to show up.Me: I thought it was $150.Stripper: Ugh! For some, yes, and we only get paid on tips.Me: That's great.Stripper: Will $20 break you.Me: I don't pay women to keep me company. If anything, I expect women to buy the first round.Stripper: Coming here and not tipping is unethical. You're basically not tipping for a service.Me: I'm sure that line of argument works on other guys. Good luck and have a nice night. Goodbye.[Five minutes later.]Stripper: If you're not going to get a dance, at least don't let the girls talk to you. It's a waste of their time.Me: Thanks for sharing. Have a nice night. Goodbye.She had a point, I guess...Then again, those chicks make between $1,000 and $3,000 a night. My free-riding @$$ wasn't going to hurt anyone's bottom line.Besides, I'm sure the stripper and everyone else working there has had men buy them drinks at the bar - only to disappear immediately. Consider me Captain Karma.P.S. Although that stripper was whack, there are some cool chicks at this place. And, yes, if you're a good-looking guy, you can meet a girlfriend here. Many of the strippers are "normal" girls who fly in from other cities to make a quick couple of G's.Yes, I realize that strippers sell fantasies. Thus, if you're not the kind of guy who does more-than-OK outside of the strip club, don't believe the hype. If you do well outside of the Rhino, who knows, you might meet your next girlfriend - or at least f--k toy.
3	So my husband and I went to Vegas as a pre-deployment fun weekend. I'd never been to a strip club, and was a little nervous, but this place got good reviews, and the free limo with free cover seemed worth it. When we got there the bouncer was nice, and because it was a slow night offered us a table for $50 instead of $100. (He said its because it was just the two of us.) Whatever, we were there to spend some money, so it was worth it, plus it was near the main stage. They asked if they could get us a girl that did couples, or any other specific type, but we passed, I just wanted to get used to it at first. My husband got a drink, $9 for a rum and coke! My bottle (small) of water, was $7. We sort of expected that. His drink was super strong so he was happy, but after that they came watered down. A girl finally approached and asked if either of us wanted a dance, I got one for my husband before realizing that she wasn't really a looker. She had a great body, but her face was a bit of a train wreck (poor husband won't let me live that one down.) I don't know what's normal for lap dances, but she was all in his face which made me a little uncomfortable, but whatever, that's what we paid for I guess. After she left, I passed on my own dance, and we sat quietly  for another 20 minutes. Almost nobody approached us, although girls were happily sitting on the laps of guys all over.Maybe being a couple made us unapproachable? Finally a good looking blonde, a little older though, comes up and sits on my husband's lap. Okay, again, strip club so I guess I'll let it slide. I think she's cute so he asks her if he can buy a dance, she gets excited, then he says its for me, and she says she'll wait till the next song. So she sits on his lap snuggling up to him, then the song changes, and she gives me my first lap dance. It was really short. Afterwards, she immediately jumped off, put her top back on, and tried to get my husband to let her give him a lap dance. He passed, and she got sort of annoyed, and even though I wanted another dance from her, she avoided us the rest of the night. This sweet Asian girl gave me my second lap dance. She was much friendlier than the first. She actually seemed into me, and gave a much more involved lap dance. I tipped her, but like the first girl she ran off pretty quickly. The most annoying part was that she was with another  girl, and my husband and I BOTH wanted lap dances at the same time, but she refused to get another girl! She kept insisting she'd do  me first than him, which isn't what we wanted.Nobody asked if we wanted to head to a VIP room. We might have, but the place was so expensive, we probably couldn't have afforded it anyways.My main issue with the place was that so many of the girls looked MISERABLE. It was hard to find someone who looked happy. Sorry if I don't want to grab some hot girl who looks like she's been drugged and forced to be here and ask her to shake her boobs for me! The few bubbly girls were already sitting on guys' laps, but the funny thing was, they sat there for over an hour, not doing dances, and not going to the VIP room. If the girls were a little more content, or at least faked it better, it'd have been a 4 star experience.
5	I came here for my bachelor party and they STILL took all my money lol.Anyway, I'll say this is the best strip club I've ever been too and all my boys agreed...at least that night. The next morning we all felt like we got robbed $1k each ;).  And when I say felt like...I mean did. Anyway definitely call them for complimentary limo service. I went there with a Taxi a few years back, in addition to taxi charge of $20 from the strip, you had to pay $30 admission. Garbage.  We came with a group of 8 guys. Complimentary limo picked us up within 20 minutes (nice limo meant for 10), they will try to sell you on expensive bottle service the whole time you're in the limo. But once you arrive, you arrive at the back entrance and you get complimentary admission (imagine how much that saved at $30/head).  We each tipped the driver like $5-10 per person. Walking in most tables are only meant for 3-4 people, and there really isn't much seating except for bottle service. I was told by the front man if we wanted a good table to speak to a host at the front (since we came in the back entrance). For our group of 8 he tried to sell us on bottle service again, we declined and walked back to the regular tables. Then he grabbed us and made us an excellent offer. $200 for 2 bottles of Jack.  We made sure no strings attached. Sure enough no strings attached. The final bill was $200, no tax, or service charge, we had 3 mixers included, the bottles of Jack were actually liter size (so even bigger than fifths), and we were given a huge booth facing the stage, with velvet rope and enough room to seat easily 12 ppl (so more room for dancers). Oh and since we did actually do bottle service, they actually did give us a complimentary limo ride back to the hotel at the end of the night too.  So $200 for 2 liters of jack, mixers, a semi-private booth, limo to and from hotel, and free admission for 8 guys...you tell me that's not a steal.Hell yeah this was the way to go. Tons of booze, our own semi-private area. And many dancers approaching us non-stop with room to dance.  Prices for dances:$20  - 1 song on the floor$100 - 3 songs in a private-ish area$200 - I think half hour in private-ish area$400 - one hour private ish area - at this point you have to buy a bottle- keep in mind I was told that the above prices (for anything $200 and above) can be negotiated such as time and/or whether or not you have to buy a drink for the dancer or not.What they do on the dance floor and in the private or semi private areas aka champagne room is strictly dependent on the dancer. Some dancers will tell you something is not allowed on the dance floor (such as using your hands), but really she just means it's not allowed by her because other dancers will totally let you do it and even grab your hands to do so.  The "champagne room" also varies by dancer and more importantly $$$ spent.  We all spent A LOT of money here, and honestly for the money we spent we probably could have all gotten a lot more anywhere else. But there's a reason why this strip club is probably one of the best. The girls. During my down time I spoke with a bouncer, he told me on this quiet night we were there (MONDAY NIGHT!) there was over 200 girls working, and they had an employee list of 9000 girls. And seriously like easily 7-8 out of 10 girls here look like models.  Where as in other places you may be lucky to find 1-2 out of 10 who are even decently attractive even to the drunk eye.  If you're ready to have an awesome time with possible some of the hottest strippers you've ever seen (and be ready to blow some serious $$$). Forget the other places, Spearmint Rhino is the place to go. Hell even one of the promoters of a competing LV strip club told me if you got $$$ go to Spearmint hands-down.Anyway some tips: - if you're unsure just what you can or can't do, it never hurts to talk to the dancers about the (her) "rules". They'll usually be straight up honest with you about everything. i.e. keep your hands to yourself, I have control of your hands, etc.- Get there before 3 am, one of the dancers told me most of the (hot) girls leave by 3 am...then you're stuck with girls who just look hot cus by that time you're wasted already.- Bring cash, and leave your damn credit card at home, just make sure to bring enough. - Pre-funk a little before you show up, drinks here are expensive (as anywhere in Vegas)- Although there's no real dress code in a strip club, it never hurts to dress nice and appear to have some good hygiene if you want to get approached by more girls. BTW just fyi Slacks are made from much umm...softer and thinner material than Jeans...-For the love of God, Don't EAT in a strip club...-"What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...except for herpes...that sh*t will come back with you".
4	Well I was told it was the best in town and I had to check it out. Great happy hour and great layout. The bouncers arent d-bags like other place. A ton of unreal hot girls!! The girls attitudes were 50/50. About half were really aggressive and agry if you didnt want a dance and would talk shit if you said no. However the other half were smart and spent 10-20 minutes talking before they went in for the negotiating. I dropped over $400 in 4 hours but well worth it. I will brink out of town friends here for sure.
5	W-O-W-Z-E-R-Z!I received my first lap dance here and came to the conclusion that girls are very soft and smooth. It made me question my body lotion because when I touch myself, I certainly don't feel that nice and smooth!Lesson learned: invest in more body lotion.
3	I went here for a vendor's party, in which they were hosting an open bar and no cover charge. Because of the expected turn out, there were more girls there than normal. 95% of the girls I saw were smoking hot.This was my first time at a strip club and it was weird having so many girls come up and start talking to you. You just have to remember what they are after (your money). If you are polite, they are polite too.Huge suggestion: Do not use your credit card here. There is a good chance your bank will freak out, block the charge and then freeze your account. I'm speaking from experience. Cash is king.Many of the girls here don't "dance" full-time and just fly in for weekends and breaks between semesters. If you play your cards right, it's not completely unreasonable to meet a decent, date-able girl here (also speaking from experience).Not my scene so doubtful I'd return.
3	Always call for the limo service free cover! just tip the driver...also happy hour was from 1pm-8pm...$3-4 drinks...other than that...the rest is up for u to decide if u like it or not...
5	My favorite strip joint in the continental United States!  Always come here every time I am in Vegas and I always have a blast.  I've been to most all other strip joints in Vegas...and this place rocks!!  I do recommend coming here NOT on Friday or Saturday nights as getting a seat will be difficult.
3	My first experience at a strip club EVER, and I have to say that Spearmint Rhino was the right place to pop that cherry.   I'd always imagined strip clubs to be seedy and smokey with sticky floors and creepy guys.  This place was actually classy with decent looking girls, some (but not too many) creepers, and clean floors...although I didn't go into the "champagne room."One of my friends said that when she went here, she actually made friends with a couple of the strippers.  Two of my guy friends really wanted to go, and I figured, sure why not?  If anything, I can learn some new dance moves, get motivated to work out, and even make a new friend.  We walk in, and see that there is a cover.  Thinking that since I'm a girl, I wouldn't get charged cover.  Nope.  I was told, "$20 a person.  Girls are people.  So $20."  Hmmmm. Okay.  Whatever.  My guy friends paid just because they knew I was taking one for the team.When we actually went in, the guy to girl ratio was 1:1.  It was crazy!  Those girls were like hawks coming to get whatever guy was there.  Right when my guy friends sat down, two strippers came up to them, literally jumped in their laps, and "offered" lap dances.  Well, at that point, you can't really say no.   A short 5 minutes later, the dance was over and my friends were out another $20 each.Another girl comes up to one of my guy friends, who eventually gets invited into the "champagne room."  They were gone for about 20 minutes and he was out another $150.  Not sure what happened, but he just shared that the most interesting part was when she led him to the ATM machine for the moolah and the ATM machine charged another $20 just for using it!  Holy cow.  That's it.  I'm not giving any guy anything for free now.  I kid.  I kid.  As long as I get a free dinner.  JK!Alright, so did I meet my goals of the night?1) Learn new dance moves:  uh, yeah.  The way some of the strippers were able to isolate their butt muscles was amazing.  I tried to follow suit that night and majorly failed2)  Get motivated to work out:  hmmmm. kind of?  I have more motivation to make more money and get a boob job now though3)  Make new friends:  I did talk to one girl for a while about how the business works.  The girls actually have to pay the club to work the floor or dance.  Interesting.  I wonder how income is reported here.Anyway, interesting night.  I'm glad I was devirginized to strip clubs here where the girls were actually nice, the guys weren't so bad, and the vibe wasn't as creepy/perverted as I had always imagined a strip club to be.
5	BEST gentleman's club in the WORLD 9 years and running!There's simply nothing like it anywhere --- a place you must see while here in Vegas.  -loved by tourists and local's alike...HOTTEST & MOST ENTERTAINERS OUT OF ANY CLUB IN VEGAS/ANYWHERE!A+++
5	Better than any strip joint in Hawaii. The girls are 10x more beautiful! and about 300 of them are available on the weekends. They smell nice and do lap dances!
5	I love art in all forms--paintings, sculpture, poetry, song, and dance.  I am a "FIRM" believer in supporting artists because they try to tell us a story--through their eyes.  On Saturday, my friend and I stuffed our faces with bacon wrapped hot dogs at Echo Park for Javier's Bacon Wrapped Goodness UYE.  Afterwards, we had nothing to do and thought why not go out and support our starving artists--it's all about giving back.  Lets go to Vegas!!Service - Woohoo! As good as it gets! + soft and silky skinCleanliness - AmbiguousPrice - Enough!Seafood - Yes, some people refer it to that.Meats - Yes, yes, yes!!Vegetables - I think this costs extra.Dessert - Yes it is.Fruits - Forbidden fruit?What was ordered:"Stoner" ($20.00) - Woohoo! As good as it gets! (5 stars) - This Anglo artist told me that she works better inebriated.  I was interested enough to purchase her body of work for my friend--who was also inebriated.  As Stoner revealed her art, she yelled out "And they are all natural!!"  I am "technically" a doctor since I was a Biological Science major as an undergrad and I have some expertise in human anatomy.  The mammary were indeed natural and quite a stunning pair. "Ms. Foodie" ($20.00) - Woohoo! As good as it gets! (5 stars) - This Asian artist hails from Arizona and is a recent transplant to Las Vegas.  Her and I had a thorough conversation regarding food.  She loves food trucks because the food is so tasty, cheap, and is convenient in her line of work.  "The Foodie" also loves breakfast and a big fan of dumplings.  She loves to dance to Trance music.  Her body of art is all natural and very inspiring--Frida Kahlo would love her work."Frisco" ($20.00) - Woohoo! As good as it gets! (5 stars) - "Frisco" is from the Norcal region--San Jose to be exact.  I told her I went to school in Sacramento.  "Frisco" found it amusing that Sacramento rhymed with Frisco.  She chose the name Frisco because it sounded sexier than San Jose.  She loves to dance to Trance music.  Her body of work is all natural--and all so buttery smooth.  "Frisco" told me she is selective with her clients--must be my innocent eyes.  She gave me a kiss on the cheek and told me to go find her later."Brazil" ($20.00) - Woohoo! As good as it gets! (5 stars) - "Brazil" comes from the lovely country of Brazil.  She loves soccer.  I told her "Soccer?!  You must mean "futbol."  She was very impressed that I knew that--Brazil told me that my name is spelled Joan in Brazilian--accent on the "a."  I asked her what is her favorite food in Brazil and she told me bbq meat--she goes back once a year.  I am a giver so I purchased one of her bodies of art for my friend.  She loves to dance to all kinds of music.  I was too busy perusing Frisco's catalog to notice whether Brazil's art was natural or not."Mexican Fusion" ($20.00) - Woohoo! As good as it gets! (5 stars) - The young and innocent Mexican Fusion is from Anaheim as well--lucky me.  Her friend was putting on a show and invited her to come along this one night--she didn't have to drive so tagged along.  This artist is a fusion of Mexican and Spanish--her father is from Spain so she gets her light complexion and dark hair from him.  My guess is that she got her body from her mother--lucky me.  She also likes to dance to Trance music.  Mexican Fusion's body of art is all natural--lucky me.I can already imagine the responses to this review--"Where are the pictures, John?!"  It is true that a picture is worth a thousand words, however, I believe art needs to be experience face-to-face--in the moment.  I strongly urge for all of you to go support your local artists!  FYI - Art ain't cheap!
4	The girls are so friendly! And the ATM dispenses cash so fast! So fast! Those two features alone make this spot, well, detrimental to my financial well being. That and my girlfriend helping me exploit both for the sake of our guests.
2	keep in mind the following review is by a heterosexual girl's first time at a "cabaret":hmm, it was my first time ever at an "adult cabaret." i was pleasantly surprised that i didn't find it as sleazy as i thought it'd be. the girls's outfits were plain and not so exciting--just like bikini outfits. none of them were that hot., though all very friendly (of course). i didn't find their dancing to be so entertaining or impressive. the lap dance was fun i guess (don't remember much) but i don't understand the big deal (maybe because i am a girl lol).the bathroom was the best, though. it had every designer perfume you could want and mini snickers bars.super smoky in here and dark.i give it two stars only because it didn't seem so sleazy. i will gladly support working girls any day though (with some date's $ haha). i wanted to post this review for any girls who might be dragged here like i was and are worried (there is nothing to be worried about!) LOL.
5	is a must when in vegas.. always have the hotest ladies..  dont bee cheap.. these women need to get thru grad school..!!
5	you know why i love being a girl going in to a strip club?  girls like girls.  thank you friend for buying me two lap dances, and thank you to me for buying myself one.  my favorite was the first one i had---she was HOT, she was from hawaii, she was SOFT, and she was super nice :D  if only i could remember her name!  mystery girl from hawaii, i love  you.  a majority of the girls in there were pretty hot.  a+ for only allowing pretty girls to work there.  i really liked the vip lounge too.  the bartenders are super nice, friendly, and helpful.  look for jeremy and ask him to make you a good shot.  there are some other girls behind the bar with tattoos that are super nice too.  one other thing, they replace/empty the ashtrays like a fine dining restaurant refills your water. ninja style! me likey :)
2	Went on a Saturday night. $20 cover, approx. 15 minute wait to get in...Once you got in, NOWHERE to go. If you wanted a table dance, forget about it. You'll have to pay extra, tip a bouncer to get a table, THEN you can have a table dance. Else it was shoulder to shoulder.There were lots of girls here, plenty to satisfy the big crowd, but wow - this place needs to either expand or have a one-in-one-out policy that's enforced. As it was, it was a waste of our time.On Friday/Saturday nights, go early or don't go at all. Unless you're willing to grease some palms.
1	Do not go there during the day. The place is dead, the girls are so so. Just not a good place to be during the day. As for nights here, you can't even get seated on a Friday or Saturday. There is a line out the door. There are hundreds of girls but the place itself is small. No walking room. The girls are pushy. Not my first choice by no means.
4	"I'm so glad we went there. That was THE best time I've ever had at a strip club in Vegas." - My date. Two days later. But this isn't a review about how awesome I am to go to strip clubs with.The Rhino was definitely fun, though.  We went during March Madness so it was PACKED and we luckily were able to snag one of the last tables in the place. Despite their obvious crowd of testosterone fueled NCAA fans, the girls still came around to our table of two couples VERY often and were super friendly and cute. I shared a bond with them because apparently my legs were stripper-smooth. I guess strippers have the monopoly on super smooth legs and when they find a girl that cracked their code it's like we're all in some kind of secret society together, which I obviously will take as a compliment.I can't say anything for how much anything cost (as it should be when it comes to women going to strip clubs), but the fact that my date paid for everything and then said it was the best time he'd ever had makes me feel like it was fair. I will say that if you come here, bottle service is probably worth it. I can't imagine having as good of a time without a table and the way drinks are priced everywhere in Vegas, bottles usually don't end up being much more than what you'd pay to drink all night anyway.All in all, I had a great time, he had a great time, you'll probably have a great time. Oh, and ladies, use a Mach 3. That Venus shit is for amateurs.
5	an ode to da strizzo.when the beats be bangin...and the booty meat be shakin...and the dolla dolla bills be rainin...you kno it feels so good to be a gansgta...and what usually happens in vegas, stays in.
5	All I can say is -  Free and quick Limo service. Pick you up from any Las Vegas hotel and you arrive at the VIP back entrance and there is NO COVER CHARGE with all this!Place is packed and full of amazingly sexy and beautiful girls. Vibe is pumping and full of energy. Lots of seating but you have to wander around to find a spot, and almost anywhere is a good view.Bartenders mix a strong mean drink! Girls here are hustling but very cool and sweet. Not pushy at all and fun to talk to. And all are smoking hot!I would divulge more about this night, but like the old saying goes - what happens in Vegas.....And remember gang, as Chris Rock proclaims, "No sex in the champagne room!
5	Best strip club ever! My husband and I had a great time. The girls are amazing, every one of them is beautiful and unique! Drinks are a little expensive but STRONG. We will definitely be back in the future!
3	I'm just tagging along with my friends and their menz.  There are naked chicks everywhere. There are horny guys everywhere. There is booze everywhere. There is me wishing I was dancing on my own dance floor. There I go, out the door to be my own star on another dance floor. The end.
4	Spearmint RhinoLV: WestsideFriday April 22, 20115 a.m.This place was packed on an early Friday morning. 50+ Girls; 100+ Guys; $22 Cover.  As I walked in, I was greeted by a stable of girls wanting to give some lonely guys some companionship for $20 a dance.  I finally understand why guys like these types of places.  The girls approach the guys instead of the usual guy approach girl club scene.  The guys get the right to refuse the girls based on her physical attributes without remorse or public scrutiny.  If the girl is too short, too tall, too fat, or not fat enough in the right places, the guy simply can say "nope."However, this establishment was by far the most depressing place that I have ever been.  The floor was sticky.  The lights were too dim.  The people on both sides of the love seat were seedy.  All I kept thinking was how these girls started exploiting themselves for $20 at a time.  How does one become a strip club worker?  People always respond they make good money but I ask at what social, moral, or physical cost.  Sure I could make a lot of money shooting people or selling drugs, or even legally by convincing old ladies to donate their life savings to some half-ass cause, but again at what cost.Later, I saw a 35 year old lady essentially begging patrons to allow her to dance for them for $20.  It made me think "Sure the money is good when you're young but then you don't develop any other skills and you get old and less attractive and you earn less and less and then the club kicks you to the curb and then you get a graveyard shift waitressing job at the 24 hour Denny's where you have to serve the same drunk guys that you gave lap dances to 10 years ago.  I am not religious but I pray my daughter never becomes an "exotic dancer" whom gross guys proposition for lewd and lascivious acts.  On a lighter note, the bar was great with relatively cheap drinks.  The security guards left me alone since I was constantly drinking to avoid the great sadness in my heart for the Sodom and Gomorrah type behavior that I was witnessing.  I only spent a Hundred Dollars on admission and 10 cocktails and one $6 Bottle of Water. $100 was nothing in comparison to some of my compatriots, some of whom gave upwards to a $100 tip for a $20 dance.
5	This is the greatest buffet in the world.  I am sure every ethnic food is represented in this joint.  My favorite was this Spanish-Asian/Filipino fusion dish but I forgot what the name was, it was 5'8" and delicious.What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
5	Oh the places you will go....Las Vegas bachelor party weekend consisted of this: Airport to Caesars to Spearmint Rhino to Caesars to Spearmint Rhino to Caesars to Spearmint Rhino to Caesars and back to Airport. 3 total visits in 2 days. The difference coming here is night and day...literally. Do not come at night time unless you want a sausage-fest with no space to sit, much less stand. You will be shoulder to shoulder consisting of guidos, douche bags, meat heads and guys that wear jerseys at the club. Think about it, you've been drinking all day and gambling in Vegas and think "we should go to a strip club tonight." Every guy has that same thought.And now for the main event...coming here in the daytime. The best thing to happen to America since Bin Laden got silver bullet sun glasses. Bottle service of Belvedere Vodka for 100 dollars...yes please. Hot dancers with natural and enhanced chesticles...yes please. VIP room 20 minutes for 100 dollars, yes please. Taxi drivers get a kick back to drop guys off at this place, tell them you have a group of guys that want to go here, what kind of deal can you make. We never paid for a taxi and just paid the 20 dollar cover that was worth it. After 3 trips to Spearmint Rhino for a bachelor party weekend, the following happened: stole a dancers g-string, bachelor got kicked out after break-dancing on stage, a friend pee'd on a bouncer's car, multiple moments of blacking out, another friend got literally thrown out like Jazzy Jeff on the fresh prince and proposed marriage to a girl with a Rolling Stones tattoo...she said no. Gotta love Vegas.
3	Last month a group of 10-15 of us went there for a bachelor party.  I was recommended here by a couple of friends.  We decided to get a VIP booth because of the sheer numbers of people that we had (roughly $1200 for 3 bottles).  Most of the girls are pretty, but a lot are really stuck up.  I had 4 girls literally walked away from me.  Here we are spending money and they think they are too good for us.  The waitress that waited at our booth was pretty nice, but somehow forgot about us at times.  Overall, I don't know if I'll go back to Spearment Rhino.
5	Where to begin??? If you are looking to see some Ladies in Vegas, and you want the best looking ladies, go to the Rhino. Other places have full nudity (Rhino does not), cheaper drinks, and lower covers, but nowhere will you be ass satisfied. After a three day weekend in Vegas of which i found myself here twice, here are my suggestions for you first timers (or even experienced members). 1. Avoid 10PM to 2AM. It gets a little too packed. 2. Bring cash, don't use your card there. 3. Leave your credit card in the safe at the hotel. 4. If you are not interested in a dancer that comes up to you be polite and say no thank you and move along. If you are interested, feel free to cop a feel. They won't mind. 5. Don't bother getting a $20 dance in one of the main seats on the main floor. Better deals to be had. See #6 & #7. 6. Spend your money wisely and get 3 dances for $100 in one of the dark corner booths. 7. Spend your money even wiser at $200 for a half hour or $400 for an hour, and sit in a dark room with drink service. There is LOTS of fun to be had with many of the ladies at that point. Belts magically come off, zippers occasionally open, other things inappropriate for Yelp can go flopping around. You will be amazed. 8. Be nice to the ladies, they will reciprocate. 9. If you roll like this, get a private booth for your friends with bottle service and a large security guy standing out front blocking everyone. See how the donuts really get made. 10. If you really, really, really want something else, its Vegas, talk to the lady. They don't call it Sin City for nothing and there is a price for everything. Go with your boys, go with your lady, go with your wife, go alone. You won't be disappointed. Rhino is in my top 5 in the country.
4	NUBLINAAA!!! the best pan, leche, y galleta ever ;) Hope i get to see Nublina again
2	Despite the Lincoln Town Care pick up at my hotel, I must say that my best strip club experience was not at the Spearmint Rhino.  This was my second time ever in a strip club, and while it was still fun, it left something to be desired, and here's why:The girls, while most of them were very hot, were very very pushy about lap dances and didn't let us relax.  I was here with my boyfriend, and we felt bombarded with girls just out to make a buck and not put much effort into the dance.  I asked a cute blonde to give my bf a lap dance, and after making sure I knew that it cost $20, she gave him the most boring, unenthusiastic lap dance I have ever seen.  Wow.  She might as well have been filing her nails during it!Girls who were on the stage dancing would come over to you if they saw that you had money out, but as soon as you gave them $, they would actually leave your area and go to someone else with money.  It's my experience that if you give the girls money, they dance in front of you for thirty seconds and then move on.  Not so here.  Also, there was one girl who (not to judge) had a giant gut and could barely walk in her heels.  Not great eye candy for such a highly recommended place.There was one other issue I had, and that was that most of the dancers there seemed more interested in me than in my bf.  I didn't mind the attention, don't get me wrong, but we weren't there for me, and I felt a little bad for him in the end.  Girls - don't assume couples are there for the girl - give the guys a little love too!  To read about my first experience, check out the Hustler Club, New Orleans.
3	I was GONE by the time we got here in the cab and all I remember is sticking a dollar in the girl's bikini bottom that was on stage. I think I remember touching her cooch too, but who knows, I was drunk.I know for a fact that I did NOT see any hot girls! An when i wanted a lapdance, some broad told me $400! who the hell wants to pay $400 for a lap dance????I'd rather use that money and buy a pair of shoes from sergio rossi!I do like the fact that the girls are more open to have girl patrons and are nicer to me :)I love strip clubs and i was not impressed by this place. Where to go next time I'm in vegas!?
5	This is the best, most popular strip club in Vegas.  There are hundreds of dancers every night. They are all different, some are real sweethearts. (Sapphires is bigger, but it sucks) The VIP rooms are cheaper at Rhino than other clubs. Great place to bring friends visiting town that really want to party. Weekend nights are insanely crowded though.
1	You had better pay up in cash.This company screws you from the get go. You walk in the entrance and go to pay your fee and they will automatically authorize your card for $200 hundred dollars and not tell you. They have no customer service who is willing to work with you or your bank to have this fixed and you basically sit in limbo waiting to find out if you are getting your money back. Girls, food, and booze were ok but I was so irritated with their lack of willingness to work with the customer I have a hard time looking past this.There are just as many beautiful women in Las Vegas or other clubs to visit.
1	Worst Strip club I've ever been to. Went last week with a bachelor party, (one of our party had connections to the club in the UK and we were supposed to be taken care of).   Turns out all the free stuff we got is free to anyone who asks for it (from the other reviews)   As soon as we walked in the door, the Girls were on us like used car salesmen.... We couldn't just chill and relax because there was a girl coming up to every one of us every 2 minutes asking for a dance.  these broads are relentless.......      haven't been anywhere else in LV but if everyplace is like this, fuck it...
4	Mujeres atractivas por todas partes!Limo service to the club awesome! The food from the little menu was good as well. And the women where hot ok there was like 3 really hot ones but still they were all pretty nice. The only girls that were actually missing were the ones that were thick like Serena Williams thick, Buffy the body thick, Mya O'lovely thick, Angel Melaku thick, I'll even throw Amber Rose thick in there but there was one in there that was a Coco/Amber Rose blend. The girls were a little aggressive for a sunday night but I guess when you got to get that money you got to get that money.  My only advice to you fellas is to walk to the ATM one time and walk alone.  Things can get out of hand in the big boy room and the champange room.  Oh I can also add that some of the service/waitresses should be stripping as well cause man there was this one thinker than normal! I was asking for a dance with every drink she brought to me; yeah I was wrong for that but I was nice about it and left a generous tip. Back to the dancers. The dancer don't get completely nude thank the goddess Aphroditie's for that. I say that because you can drink and you can neogiate the type of dance you get and what can and cannot touch but you didn't hear  me say that. For my cigar lovers stop by the cigar case and pick up a monte-cristo or something nice.  All I can say is this spot is live! I mean LIVE! Stiff drinks hot women a recipe for a good time and empty pockets once the meal of sort is done!
1	DO NOT USE YOUR CREDIT CARD!!!! First of all, these people charge for girls which is a joke and second of all they charged my card $200 when it was only supposed to be $44!! Fuck this place. Sucks for them because my bank knew it was fraud!
4	The girls are hot, I think, it's so dark I can never really tell for sure. Some suggestions for guys planning to come here, or any strip club for that matter:1) Bring cash only, leave your debit/atm/credit cards locked away in your hotel. The ATM charges you a 40 dollar service charge. Your credit card ain't safe either, don't be surprised if you wake up the next morning with a receipt for 400 dollars in "rhino chips". Oh, there's a 10% service charge for that as well. 2) Stay sober. Seriously, you don't want your decision making abilities impaired in this sort of place. 3) You came to a strip club for a reason, remember that reason, you ain't there for a night of riveting conversation, so don't get pulled into talking with these girls too much. Talk is cheap you say? It sure as hell ain't cheap here. Nothing is cheap in here.4) Vegas is no fun when you have no cash.5) Thank god for withdrawal limits on ATM cards.
3	Please note: This is a strip club, which automatically drops the review to three stars. I could name a hundred less depressing ways to spend my money in Vegas, but I won't. Instead, I will share a few important things about the elusive Spearmint Rhino:- Free limo service from the strip. The limo is classy but sketchy (jet black with a small silver rhino slapped on the side) and the driver looks like a pro wrestler on roids (aka if you act stupid in the club, he can and will murder you).- The space is huge. I think we walked through four or five rooms before arriving at our "table". Someone mentioned that 300 girls work here every night and, after seeing the size of this place, I believe it.- Be prepared to spend. The drinks and "dances" are expensive, as expected, but what irks me are the service charges and ATM fees. Try to avoid these at all costs.- Bathroom attendants. Again, this is expected but by gawd do I hate them.In summary, if money and dignity are of no concern to you, then pack your wallet full of cash and get on the next available limo. If not, then find a more family-friendly money pit on the strip.
5	What can you say about SR that has not been said already. This place is great and the women are just yummy.I worked for SR in cali for 5 years before I came out here and I like this club most of all. Yes there are to many girls working but thats good for customers right? They don follow you around asking for dances till you lose your mind. They are nice and will spend time talking with you. Tell my EXs i said hi JG. lol
4	This should be a stop for everyone that goes to Vegas, at least for the first time you go there.  I went here after a long night of clubbing and it was the perfect spot to unwind and just relax.  I walked in, paid a $22 cover (weird number) and walked around and a girl asked if I wanted to sit down someplace and we did.  I went to the Hundred Dollar room (highly recommended) and spent $100 for about 5-6 songs and unlimited drinks.  Place was great for first time being at a strip club.  You will spend tons of money there if you aren't careful.  Bring tons of cash and small denominations.
2	I have had some very interesting times at the Spearmint Rhino, and despite still being one of the "big names" in the industry, the place has gone downhill in the past couple of years.  It's still one of the best clubs during the weekend or when they have a Headliner performing, but other clubs have just as much or more to offer.  The Spearmint Rhino does have some of the better looking dancers in Vegas, but most of them are very unfriendly and their hustle is so obvious that it's a turnoff.  I realize that it's a job, but I'm used to the ladies buttering up the customers and chatting them up before asking for a dance - not asking and then immediately leaving.  Many of the ladies sat by themselves and appeared disinterested.  My most recent visit was a nightmare.  (I go to Strip Clubs to check out very attractive women, 8+...if you know what I mean.)  On this particular visit, there wasn't even a 7 in the entire club, and I'm usually a bit forgiving.  This is not a knock on the ladies - just an honest assessment of the club.  On top of the disappointment, all of the ladies were cold as ice.  I completely understand the economics of a Strip Club, that's why I walk in with my "strip club" roll, but the cold disinterested thing only works for the irresistibly hot women...not for the women working that night.  I purchased a soda - tipped the waitress.  Nobody came up to me during the 10 minutes that I sipped on my soda, so I left after being in there for a total of 15-20 minutes.  I usually play a game, like "the next lady to talk to me will get $20," but nobody came up to me before I left.  I actually gave one of the dancers a few bucks on my out of the restroom because I can't leave without tipping at least one dancer.  By the way, the dancers on stage were some of the worst I've seen in a while - in terms of attitude.  Some of them actually stood and did nothing because the action around the stage was weak.Based on my last visit, I would not dare a return visit, but I have had good times here so I am willing to give it another try.  Keep in mind that there are other major clubs in the area with equally hot women.
4	It's arguably the best strip club in the city - certainly one of the largest.I won't bother rating the girls...they're dancers. They take their tops off. Some nights have more girls than others. Figure it out. ;)Things to know:- There is a cover charge. Depends on how you arrive (limo, cab, drive yourself). Locals are free until 8, I believe.- The ATM *does* charge a fee. It's a minimum of $5, or 10%. Yes, it's a lot, so plan ahead and bring cash.- If you use your credit/debit card, they will automatically authorize the transaction for $200. Even if you buy a single beer, they will "pre-authorize it for $200. What this means is you'll have a pending charge in your bank account for several days. Again - bring cash.- Lap dances are $20. Tips encouraged.- The VIP room is expensive. Expect to spend hundreds just to go back there. It does, however, afford you a much more private experience with the dancer.- During the week, happy hour runs until 8pm. Prices are pretty decent for a strip club ($3.30 domestics, etc).Mostly, just have fun. If you bring cash and go with the proper mindset, this is the best strip club in the city. I strongly encourage you to leave your credit/debit cards at home though... :)
2	Im going to keep it real with you, on here. I came here on a Saturday, and I saw just average looking females in the place. The place is overated and overcharged. The music is good here and bartenders were nice; but that is as good as it gets. I mean when I go to Vegas, I expect to see woman in their, that look like Pamela Anderson. The place just didn't excite me. $20 to get in, 40 dollars a lap dance; COME ON MAN.
4	Came here after going to marquee with a couple of guy friends. First off I like that chicks can't go in without a dude. This place could have gotten five stars but its just not quite five stars. Plus I had really high expectations going in. I expected to see super models and I just saw some pretty and some average chicks. The price  is reasonable they have a door fee(i think it was 40/person not sure) and then most of the girls charge about twenty to thirty five for a lap dance.  Bought a couple of dances. Really enjoyed that this place didn't smell like vijayjay or butt crack haha. That is something to really appreciate. Plus we were there till four and that place was still packed like hella crazy!! If it had better girls then it would have gotten five stars!!
4	You have not experienced Sin City if you have not sinned at this place."Wicked Games" by The Weeknd. Look it up.. It should be the theme song for Rhinos. ;)
5	Review #300! :)Honestly the best adult entertainment venue in Vegas with the best lookin' ladies. Call for the limo, tip the driver, get into the establishment without the cover charge. Bring cash. ENJOY.
3	Having a husband has several consequences. One of them is having your husbands retard friends being their retard selves. They love strip clubs and forced my hubby into coming here (although I'm sure he didnt object much), and they also invited me for the ride (which I found to be a bit odd). Anyways, the girls here were meh. I have nothing against strip clubs, I actually think they're kind of funny, so dont take this review as a dumb girls view of strip clubs. All I'm saying is that a strip club in vegas should have higher standards. The girls here belong at some run down strip joint in LA, not vegas. Just like hotels in Vegas should set the standard for hotels, strip clubs here should also set the bar...which this one doesnt.
5	Hands down the best gentleman's club in Vegas! There are always plenty of ladies on the floor and when you're there during prime hours it's loaded with future ex-wives to entertain you. The drinks are moderately priced given the high end nature of this establishment as well. And to top it off, the food here is amazing! Next time you're in town and hitting a place to eat skip Denny's and IHOP and swing by Rhino. Nothing better than boobs 'n' burgers to wrap up the night!
1	Overrated sums it upSapphires or Olympic gardenWay better then this tourist trap.
4	This is probably one of the better gentleman clubs in vegas. Always lots of girls on the floor but can get a bit crowded. So i try to stop by every once in awhile...
2	I'm not sure how this club has gained such notoriety because it's not that exciting. The only thing I saw that was spectacular was the level of contact and the fact that management did not seem to care about the well-being of the dancers as long as they paid house. It is open all day and stays pretty busy all day. Not unusual for there to be standing room only until 5 or 6am. Compared to other clubs, Rhino seems to attract a lower class clientele. And if you disagree, don't get mad; hit dogs holler.
4	First off, the women are NOM NOM NOM. So fine. Much better than the other Rhinos I have been to (Santa Barbara and Oxnard).This place has a really weird feel to it. I felt like I was in a half-assed brothel. A bunch of chairs everywhere filled with fat dudes. About one out of every 10 chairs has a dude getting a lapdance from a topless girl. Which is cool, but how is she going to play with your chub in front of all of these fat people? Pretty noob. It actually kind of felt like a crack house except these girls were hot and they all had a full set of teeth. Pretty cool actually.And what is up with the Disneyland line for the VIP section in the back? The stripper was trying to hustle me into the VIP, which was fine because at that point I was down so much from gambling that I could not give a single F*** about how much I was going to blow at the Rhino. Anyways, the line was too long and I was like, "Nah dude... either you get a fast pass and figure this out or I'm out." So I guess I was out... obv.This place is quality though. So many slam pieces. I love girls with daddy issues. God bless America.
3	My club sandwich was a little heavy on the mayo and while the bacon wasn't bad (is there such thing?) it was clearly of the microwaveable variety.  I'm not exactly complaining because I definitely ate the whole thing with a quickness but honestly.. in a place filled with women, I would have thought that sandwiches would be their specialty or something (kidding).
3	Are the women attractive? YesDo they try to play you? Absolutely. To the point it sickens me.Funny as it can be, this would be the only time that I go out, that I can turn down women left and right.Since we had a section reserved for us, we did not have to pay cover to get in. Plus we had 1 bottle of champagne for us.After walking in this darkly dim lit establishment, a women immediately came to me to try sweet talk me into going into the VIP room. I declined, as I just want to settle in before the ladies of the night try to brisk away my hard earned money.This place is a bit too dark. I have been to other establishments like this, and they aren't as dark as this place. I can understand some women may feel that they don't look that attractive in the light, but that is beyond the opposite of what 99% of men think. When we see a basically nude woman, looks don't matter too much.The size of the place is small in my opinion. I feel claustrophobic when I'm trying to navigate.Besides that, the ladies here are very attractive and definitely turn you into a child walking into a Candy store. Many flavors of different sizes, but also cost a lot of money to get what you want.We came here because our friend is getting married, and what better idea than to check out a strip club.The women here I swear are reading a script to me, when they try to push aggressively the $230 dollar private dance with 2 drinks. I just want to relax and at my own whim, choose and spend wisely. The 99% of us are not that rich to blow money on them or anything in general. Treat us well, and we will treat you back well.I did end up finding a lovely and nice lady for a dance, and noticed a friend of mine next to me getting a dance. Great, we're both having a great time.Well it didn't last too long, because shortly after that, the dancer that my friend had, had basically tried to extort money from my friend. He had assumed (bad, right? Never assume!) that someone had paid for his dance. Once she finished, he had thanked her, and she demanded cash for it. She did not go up and present herself and asked if he wanted a dance. She had walked up and immediately gave him a dance. I know, it's Vegas.... never assume anything is free or "taken" care of. That immediately ruined the mood for my friend.. once he's moody, it kinda ruins everyone else's mood.I don't like how some of them would assume he's a novice and take advantage of the situation. This reflects poorly on the establishment, and the trust with the customer. There is never a need to do that. Because in the end, the customer loses. Had we not have the cash in hand, I bet he would of gotten beat up by the bouncer. It's the houses word against the customer, and the house always wins.
3	I was kind of disappointed here! I try to hit up a strip club in every city I go to and when you think Vegas you think 'glitz' and 'glam' and you think of the best. The women were gorgeous, no doubt. But they were the same women you would find in any other club around. That wasn't really the sad thing for me though-I appreciate all women. It was the club itself. Very lame. Kind of ugly on the inside, really drab, and the atmosphere sucked. Not at all what you would think of when you think of Vegas. The Penthouse in Detroit is more beautiful and glitzy than this one. C'mon now, Spearmint Rhino! You're a Vegas club- act like it!
5	Exact quote from a guy there: "there IS no other club". He was not kidding.Spearmint Rhino LV is the club I always fantasized about when I first started going, with one exception (more on that later). TONS of girls with HUGE boobs, many of them fake, friendly, rooms that are expensive, but worth it (RARE that my cheap ass will ever say that), both day and night. And it's 24 hours!  I was in Vegas for the AVN Awards this year, and afterwards, quickly realized I should have spent the whole trip at the Rhino, and skipped the awards (which I was late to because of the Rhino). Favorite girls are Nivea and Heavenly (who said she will be doing this "until the wheels fall off"), but that's only because they're biggest on top - the girls I DIDN'T get dances from would all have been my favorite girl here in LA (and are not flat, lemme tell you).  The club is classy, friendly, and has tons of regulars, with good reason, and they will provide free limo service if you follow them on Twitter, which includes free admission (a HUGE plus, as it's $30 to get in). I dropped $2500 there, and plan to go back whenever I can. Nine out of ten, easy, and it pains me to say even that, because really, it's near perfect. So why no perfect score? Topless only!  BOOO!!!!
1	this place is absolute garbage.i have no idea what to expect out of LV strip clubs but, this place is a joke.if youre not the ugliest person on earth you are better off finding chics to entertain you elsewhere.by all means, if you *are* into braindead high school dropouts on possible drugs with fake breasts THEN this place is perfect for you (of course a generalization)how this place still exists goes way over my head.disclaimer:  my review is about Wednesday nightthe parking lot looks packed. $22 cover per person (apparently they seem to offer free limo and admission?)small place is packed with people sitting around. few "premier strippers" giving lapdances in full view of everyone else. security walking around. usually have table minimums of $400 from what i understand. drinks are $9 red bulls $9 coronas and up. hell with the overpriced drinks - this is vegas after all. ok, now the best part: i would hardly call what the girls on stage are doing "dancing". sometimes a girl on the side stage just stands there. there is no actual entertainment a person who hasn't drank 10 shots could possibly get out of them. a girl will come up to you every 15-30 minutes and offer to give you a lap dance. these dances cost anywhere from $10 a song to $20 a song. sometimes a girl has the nerve to demand tips on top of that. it's all only topless so you are paying crazy money to see women's breasts.if somehow you get dragged into their "vip" area some kind of magical shit goes on in the back there for 400/500 an hour. $100 for quick fun? who freaking knows i think the girls make up whatever shit they want to.quick summary: if you get drunk there you are screwed. your wallet will be empty and if you happen to use a credit card i'm sure when you wake up the bill would be close to $5000. if you are not wasted you're overpaying for the night's entertainment to see breasts (possibly more).for all those people who would think i'm just "cheap" or don't understand the "vegas culture" or something i tell you.. with the amount of money wasted at this joint you are better off having 5 escorts in your room. it'll prob wind up costing the same anyways. alternatively, you can get a pretty girl to massage you naked for 24 hrs.ps: portland strip clubs are 2x - 10x better
2	Attractive dancers. Less skeevy than the other Vegas place I went to (which I can't remember right now).  Protip:If a dancer comes within 3 feet of you while you're sitting in the main room and you're just chillin, make sure you clearly and repeatedly say you're not interested in a dance; otherwise you'll get hustled out of 20 bucks. Fair warning.
1	I was told by whom I went with that this was a "higher end stripclub". If this is so, then HOLY CRAP! Felt just as sleazy and cheap as any I have been to. Before this I had only been to some in SF (Hustler, Showgirls, Centerfolds, and Gold Rush). Spearmint felt exactly the same as all of these, sleazy, slimy, and nasty. The lighting was nice but almost too dark. I could handle the weird Egyptian themed  ambiance, but there was zero dancing and only a couple girls, out of ten or so, were remotely attractive. There were some there with absolutely no body and awful awful faces. Made zero sense. Every 10 minutes I was being bombarded with a girl trying to force a lap dance. I went there to watch only. If I wanted to interact, I would had gone to an oriental massage parlor. It apparently was o allowed to just watch, however, The ":dancing" girls merely walked over to the poll in the slowest motion I had ever seen, swayed their hips very very slowly, opened there legs at the pace of a turtle, and that was it. 2 minutes routines that entailed about 4 moves due to the geriatric speed. Again, MADE NO SENSE! Hardcore metal and rock music playing to snail paced strippers. HOLD ME BACK!
1	How pitiful is a strip club that doesn't have enough seats? The idea is we need a lap to receive dances, right? The bouncers sell the seats.I am angry because there are a ton of strip clubs in Las Vegas, this is the most poorly run that I have attended.
4	Just came back from Vegas for a buddy's bachelor party.  We ended up here on Sat night not really knowing what to expect.  Cover was 22$ a head and as soon as we stepped in, there were amazing hot girls left, right, up, down, from every direction.  As I led the way to the full bar in the back, I was approached by Asian porn star Nyla Thai.  She was extremely friendly and I was excited since she was the first girl to come up to me and I knew exactly who she was.  I was porn star struck.  She then delivered here sales pitch about going to the back room for a private show and it would be 100$ a head for 15 min, and 200$ for 30 min.  She began to pull me in that direction, but I told her politely that I want to get a few brews for the fellas.  She was persistent with her pitch, and explained we could get drinks in the private room.  I wasn't to sure how this worked but then I told her that we just rolled in and want to relax for a minute.  She was understanding and then let me a the crew be.  The girl to guy ratio was at least 1 to 1 or even 1.5 to 1 that night.  As the night went on, several girls randomly approach you and first try to sell the 100$ 15 min 200$ 30 min private show.  I asked them about a dance for a song, and it was a mere 20$ a dance.  I was all for that since you could get several dances with different varieties.  I had an incredible japanese hottie that caught my eye and she obliged with the dance and took me over to the side on the booths.  She was very accommodating and let me grab all over except of course down under.  I would say the dances are well worth it.  Some of the girls leave it up to their own discretion about where and what you can touch but for the most part, they do not mind you grabbing anything except for down under.  My advice, grab a drink or two, engage in some conversation when the girls approach you, ask if they offer a dance if she is worthwhile.  Some offer a single dance for 20$ but others will not do lap dances or will want minimum 3 dances for 60$.  All in all a great time, would definitely go back again when in Vegas.  Only negative star was 9$ for bottle of beer.
5	This was my second time to the SR as I was only introduced to the place by a friend a couple of years ago. I almost didn't get to go as I kept reading that they had a 1 guy to 1 gal entrance policy and I had 3 of my friends who were all gals. We were actually in a cab on our way to a bar when the discussion of SR came up. The cab driver said not a problem and to let him talk to the bouncers, so we said ok! We got there and there was no problem getting in. I'm not sure why other reviewers keep complaining about the place being rude, pushy, and arrogant, etc., but these guys (yes, tough), but were very friendly and we had the best time.It was fun just watching the girls pole dancing on the stage....and ok, most didn't seem to have much energy in their performances, but their stunning looks and figures more than made up for that. Yes, it's true, the girls here are pretty aggressive in approaching you and pushing for VIP room lap dances, but hey, they gotta live too. As long as they're not rude and call you names when you turn them down....and they didn't at all! They were total sweethearts and very friendly and polite to us, although it wasn't often that I didn't like any one of the girls who approached me. They were all stunningly gorgeous! Just be nice to them and they'll be nice to you....after all, they're people too.I also need to thank Derek the VIP Host who made our experience at the club so fun and enjoyable. He's a really nice and very helpful guy and always went out of his way to make sure our needs were taken care of in terms of seating, drink, and preferences in girls. He would actually bring 2-3 gorgeous women at a time for me to choose from (for dances) which made things so difficult especially when they were all so stunning!I'm not a regular at these types of clubs, but I must say, all in all it's a fantastic club. However, just remember that you need to take care of them and they will take care of you!.....in other words, don't be a cheapskate and have fun!
4	All bullshit aside, I am not a fan of strip clubs.  Why should I pay a bunch of money to have a girl pretend to like me?  I can probably count the number of times I've been to a strip club on my hands (yes, hands, so 6-10 for you math majors!)Anyway, I had friends in town from NYC for a bachelor party, and they wanted to go to the Rhino.  I'm a local, so I get in free, so I figured I'd join them for an overpriced beer and good conversation.  We went on a Friday night at 8pm, and the ratio seemed like 3 girls to every guy in the building.  Great ratio if you're into that sort of thing, but it was a little annoying to not be able to have a conversation with my friends without being interrupted.I made it clear to the girls that I'm a local and they're likely not getting money out of me.  Some moved on to other guys who they could make a buck off of, and that's fine.  But a couple of the girls stayed and talked and were actually pretty chill.The quality of the women here is pretty damn high, and after talking with a few of them, some of them are pretty cool and normal.  I see now why every guy says this is the best strip club in town, as I can't disagree.
3	Spearmint Rhino has one of the better maintained clubs in the area; it's clean and well kept. If I were rating the facility alone, I'd give it another star in this reviewThe girls are all pretty attractive, though I'll say it seems pretty obvious that they have a particular "type" and a lot of the girls seem to be virtually indistinguishable from each other. They also seem pretty unenthusiastic, which is partially understandable and the other part kind of a buzz-kill. This is an attractive group of girls, but not necessarily a fun group.  The bartender somehow botched our Jameson neat order not once, but twice. It came out frothy and tasting like he'd shaken it in a dirty shaker. He accused my girlfriend and I of spitting into the glass until he made another round and it came out the same way. For $12 a shot I'd hope for better and definitely sans the attitude. I wouldn't order anything more complicated than removing a cap. I'd rate the bar 2 stars at best.
4	What do you do when you only have 3 hours left in Vegas and are with a bunch of guy friends? Ummm the obvious....go to the strip club.We got there around noon and there was maybe another table of 2 guys. So we basically had the place to ourselves which meant extra attention from the girls. That maybe a good or a bad thing depending on how much these guys were willing to "make it rain" .We happened to be there during happy hours, and I believe the drinks were $3 or $3.50 which was trouble. Needless to say I was the last arrival on the plane and barely made my flight home. Great looking girls. They worked the table but not to hard. Waitresses were all right. They actually seemed bored. At one point, I asked one of the waitress to pick out a girl for a friend. She came back with nothing which was odd.Tons smaller then Sapphire. It actually felt like a strip club because of the more private booths then a nightclub over at Sapphire.Only con was that there is a cover charge for Ladies. $22
2	This place smells fishy, and I'm not talking about food.
2	I have been to Vegas many times and this last Labor Day Weekend I decided to pay sin city another visit. My friends and I went to several nudies while there but I had never been to the infamous Spearmint Rhino so we decided to get all dressed up and check it out on a Saturday night. We get there and there was a small line out front, get up to pay and holy Moses they wanted $25 stinking dollars just to get in. Against my better judgment I paid the cover and walked in. There were hot ass girls everywhere; I mean lined up against the walls on the stage every freaking where!!! It was also very very crowded. We had only three people in our party so we started looking for some place to sit, ya right!!! All the seating was VIP and it required bottle service prepaid at $150-200 just for a spot on a crowded velvet couch with who knows what crawling on it. The place is super small for that many dancers. I needed a drink and so we walk up to the very packed bar. I order a Long island holy shit it cost me $18 good God this is too rich for my blood. The girls dance to one song and then switch and the songs are cut down to pretty much just the chorus as to get them off your lap sooner because the dances are only $25 each which seems like a good price until you find out the song is 2minutes long, I would rather go somewhere where the girls are a 7-8 but you get treated like a 10 and this is not that place!
5	Free limo p/u & no cover...this place gets you to paradise fast & easy! Great variety of ladies to choose: ratio is like 3 girls to 1 guy. I loved this joint. Went thurs night, & sat night arriving both times after midnight; not leaving till 3am! Just take your time, waiting for the right ladies to choose you. Best bet is to hit the 3 song extended 100$ deal...with a 20$ tip for bouncer....great adult fun time
4	When I'm in Las Vegas, I enjoy coming to the Rhino.  It's a nice place to relax, have a few adult beverages, & waste a little money.There is a nice variety of talent here, especially on the weekends.  All-in-all, a quality place to go, particularly if you've got some cash burning a hole in your pocket.
5	I love the fact that this place is open 24/7 and you can rent stretch hummers and limos from them. The women are awesome and very attentive. This is the best place to bring your crew visiting from out of town after a night of clubbing.
4	Okay, This club is amazing,  This is by far one of the best topless clubs I have been to. I took my wife and they let us in for free. ( I think it is normally $30) so that was the first plus. Dancer in the clubs were almost all 9s - 10s, and the dancers were not pushy. The club had lots of females ( not dancers girls their for the show). My wife had an amazing time and we will be returning.  If you are looking for a club that is couples friendly I would highly recommend this club. All of the dancer were more than happy to hang out with us and dance with me and my wife. This club lost points because the drinks are WAY over priced two drink $26. dance price were not bad  at $20.. *** Just a Tip AVOID the private VIP dances they are not worth the money. Floor dances are $20 per song, were a VIP dance is $100 for only 3 songs and it is only semi private and you are required to buy 2 drinks in the VIP area, so your $100 dollar vip is really $125 for three dances where on the floor you can get six dances for that price.**
5	HOT GIRLS!LAP DANCE $20!Here's what to do... for NO COVER!(1) Call Spearmint Rhino (2) Tell them you want a ride there (3) Tell them your hotel (they will get there within an hour)(4) Driver will drive your ass there(5) No need to pay for ride or cover. TIP the driver!(6) Homeboy will ask if you need a table - say yes or you'll be standing around like a loser. Let em girls come to you(7) Walk-in like a pimp(8) Girls will crawl(9) Bandz-A-Make-Her-Dance.**OVERALL: hot girls... love this place. Will come again.
3	Seems like the girls are extra aggressive these days. Walk in and you immediately get asked for dances. DAMN give me 15 mins for my eyes to adjust to the room! I know this is how you ladies make money, I know you don't like me, damn you probably would walk the other way if you saw me walking down the street, but you gotta put in some better effort if you want to some dude to fork over their hard earned cash. For starters, it would help if the first thing that came out of your mouth was a simple introduction, HI MY NAME IS (insert random madeup identity), what's your name? If the first words out of your mouth are 'how about a dance', my first words will be no thanks. Don't bother asking why I don't want a dance from you, no means no!Damn and what's with all the unhappy looking ladies sitting around on the couches while on shift? Looks real bad, like you're all illegals being forced to work there. No guy would want a dance from any of you, that's a depressing sight. Also, don't tell me you hate dancing on stage. Holy crap, you work at a strip club, you're sitting on my lap and you tell me you hate your job. Good job killing the mood and my boner. What do you expect a guy to say after that? I'm not dropping 400 bucks in the VIP, paying for 4 drinks while back there, to spend time with a depressed girl who at best will provide horrible service, or at worst gouge my eyes out with her stilettos. One final note, stop begging for tips! What the hell is with this town and tips? Why the hell are you asking for me to tip the bouncer? Feels like a freaking shake down. Here's ten dollars bro, thank you for not kicking my ass and tossing me out, keep up the good work!I'd recommend going to sapphire if you're in vegas. It's not as dark, the girls are nicer and you don't get pressured into tipping a goddamn bouncer.
5	When in Las Vegas a stripclub. Visit is always in order for me and my girl!  You CANNOT beat the free limo ride and entry to the club.The place is rather small and hard to find a place to sit on a crowded night.  But the amount of beautiful ladies....wow!Me and my lady had a blast drinking, talking and a few dances to make the night complete.We will go again on our next.  Vegas trip!
4	At night this club has a huge selection of grade A girls with barely any unattractive ones.  However, during the happy hour day it is the complete opposite.  One thing you should know is that not all drinks are reduced in price during happy hour.  Not informing us about this made our group feel mislead as the bill came out to be much more than expected.
5	Let me start by saying I am in NO way a strip club rookie. I live for titties in my face and ass on my lap. This is probably my 15th visit here and I am finally getting time to review. The club isn't the biggest or the most lavish but let me tell you it's down to earth and that's why it gets a solid 5 star. If you are planning on visiting the rhino start with calling them at 702-796-3600 to get a FREE limo ride to the club. YES FREE. Save yourself 20 bucks cover at the door and give it to the limo driver who deserves it. Once you walk in you see the dimly lit stages and a bar. Drinks are a tad overpriced but its Vegas and tits are in your face. 10 bucks for a corona, also do yourself a favor and get the chicken strips. I am not messing around when I say they are REALLY good. I got here around 4am and the place was PACKED. At least a 1:1 ratio. The girls are not super aggressive like other people say. I took 2 females of my own and they loved the place. They thought it was full of dirty old men looking at ass but was pleasantly surprised when they could walk around, drink and mingle with all the other patrons. Dances are 20 bucks on the floor and of course tip the ladies. Nothing but good vibes. SOLID 5 STAR
4	I am an avid adorer of gentlemen clubs. Vegas drives me insane though with the need for a male with two females. As others have said do yourself a favor call the spot and get the free limo and cover charge. Tip your driver!!! ALWAYS tip your driver! Lap dances are $20...don't forget to tip your dancer as well. The atmosphere is chill. I'm not sure why other reviews are saying girls are aggressive. I've never run into a situation where the girls were aggressive. I've been to a few strip clubs here in Vegas and must say the women at Spearmint Rhino are a better breed than any other spot in the city of sin.
5	Took pappy here after he got outta the slammer last spring. Pappy had only practiced kissing with Big Lou the Violator the whole 14 years he was locked up - and, needless to say, pappy's eyes had that curious look of desire lots of women nowadays call the "male gaze." (Pappy is an ardent feminist and he wanted me to add this.) Anyway, we found a girl called "Peaches." She was pretty. But pappy was skeptical. "What's your real name?" pappy inquired."Samantha" she replied.(He he. Pappy is one sharp cookie! I never could tell how he comes to know the stuff he knows. I NEVER knew they (strippers) changed their names. Scouts honor! [I like pappy cause he teaches me things.])What would follow would later be known as "the clinic" in my neighborhood bar. Don Juan type-shit. Real smooth. Pappy spoke like Cyrano de Bergerac on two hits of xtc and a very high dose of Cialis. Prison life will do that to you. You have nothing but time to prepare for a moment like this. (Pappy nearly didn't make parole.) All that plus the Drakkar was too much for the poor girl. "You're a very appealing woman." (That's old school stylie, pappy!)"Thank you" she replied, batting her eyelids. Hell Yeah! She fell like a chopped Christmas tree! Ka-BOOOOOOM!Girls are pretty here. Music is bumpin'. Tip the poor sap in the bathroom. Don't complain about the price of the drinks.I've heard some call this place "the Mint," while others have dubbed it "the Rhino." But not pappy and meWe call it heaven. Real life angels wiggling for our pleasure!
2	I haven't been here in the last 5-6 years, but always had a blast coming to Spearmint for my buddies' bachelor parties. That said, I had definitely planned on hitting up Spearmint for my own bachelor party. Unfortunately, Spearmint didn't live up to my memories from yesteryear. The club was packed with dudes (like 20:1 guy:girl ration), had no place to sit, let alone stand, and the venue itself seemed dated and stuffy. My party literally walked in for 5 minutes and then bounced back to the club we had just come from, Crazy Horse 3, which was a much better experience. Sadly, Spearmint didn't live up to our expectations, but it's Vegas so at least there are plenty of options!
5	It's not often I get dragged (unwillingly) into a strip club but this was a special occasion for a friend's going out of town send off.  I'm not going to bore you all with what has already been said in the other reviews.  This place is packed to the ceiling with quality girls.  The 20 dollar hustle wasn't too bad.  Tell them you are a local (if you don't want a dance) and they politely say thank you and move on.  No hard sell at all based on other places I've been to.  Staff was nice and introduced themselves to us.  The waitress was very nice and didn't try and scam us for drinks we didn't want or didn't pay for.  If this is your kind of thing...the Rhino should be top of your list.
3	Needs more cigarette filtration and space to sit.
4	Sun/9 Jun after Sapphires my 2 buddies and I decided to come here:- Locals free, otherwise $27.50 to enter.- Arrived about 10:30 pm and it was pretty packed with customers and dancers.   Since my buddy slipped a security guard $5 he got us a table in the main room pretty close to the main stage (by "informing" 2 other guys who were about to sit down that the table belonged to us).- Decor is pretty cushy/comfortable, with 3 stages: main and 2 smaller go-go type stages in the room next door.- $13 for a Jack & Coke, $7 for a regular Coke, seemed fair.- Will definitely be back.
5	Don't judge me. Judge these ladies.... If this is your cup of tea - coming from a Vegas local, I would easily say these strippers are the most beautiful in Vegas. Ps. The wings and Philly cheese steak ain't bad either.
4	They picked us up for free in their party bus from Sapphire. Free entry because we hada group of 30 . We got bottle service. I had myself a few lap dances. I love the eu naturel girls. Great service. Nice girls. Nice bouncers. They treated us well.
4	Yelp HQ found my original review in violation.... *Reposted and Re-edited. Here we go:I have been blessed me with so many experiences at many different strip clubs all over the west coast but this one, due to the high quality and variety of girls, definitely takes the cake. Since I'm a strict vaginatarian, I usually don't bother with topless strip clubs but with the many recommendations I got from fellow weekend warriors led me to make an exception. There are many, sizzling hot, chill but aggressive in their approach, seductresses to fall in love with here that will quickly empty your pockets in exchange for at the very least good conversation, fake compliments, and a somewhat validated ego oozing and dripping with man juice.*******The hefty price like the $27.50 cover charge for this kind of poison can be curbed by gathering up 4 or more friends and calling in for the free limo service that also gets you in free. I only wished I was aware of this at the time.*********My second time here at this very pricey establishment was not quite on par as the first time. Maybe it was because we came on a Tuesday night which according to some of the strippers I tried to woo, it was slow but seemed busy enough to me. Not too crowded, not too empty but just right! My first time here in August of 2012 we came on a weekend night. It was bliss as me and my two friends were overwhelmed with a non-stop river of flirty advances and multiple lap dances from a variety of opiate addicted dime pieces from practically every shade and flavor possible on this great planet. I still have the fond memory of this south american latina literally purring in my ear while she rubbed up on my cash and prizes. Instantly my tent was pitched! This time, however, every seductress, it seemed, was more about the hustle with just about every level of sassiness you could imagine whenever I politely rejected their requests. Some even stayed and chatted it up for a bit. Since I only had a couple twenties left I had to be very picky and did not want to waste their time. I'm so impressed at the level of game and swagger these girls operate at. It is nearly impossible for any straight man to say no. If the accent or the dangling of their plump assets near your face don't get you, a touch on your inner thigh followed with the lure in their voice will have you soon entangled in their web. ******Bring cash. Pay with cash. DO NOT USE PLASTIC. Leave all your credit cards and debit cards at your hotel. ATM service charge is $40.********A Rum and Coke and a Red Bull Vodka was 40 bucks. WTF! According to the waitress, who, as you can see, was scamming us as much as the strippers were trying to, there is a $50 minimum when using a credit card so I opted to leave a tab open. In hindsight leaving a tab open at a "gentlemen's club" is by far one of the stupidest things I or anyone could choose to do. I gave them my card and, upon request, my ID and, luckily, the waitress came back saying their machine was down or something to that effect so I decided to just pay cash. I have a strong suspicion I'll be seeing some extra charges on my card. We shall see.Obviously, do not come here with anything less than 150 bucks. With cover charge, drinks, and cab fair you'll be deep in at least 50 before you even get a dance. I made this mistake and came with only about 90 bucks and quickly I was down to my last couple of twenties and I hadn't even got a dance yet. Luckily I had a friend to spot me a few twenties or I'd have to start doing private dances myself.After my friend returned from his "private dance" smiling with his face covered in snail trail, we decided to bounce. We fended off all the last attempts and advances to drain our pockets even further and left at around 5:30am when the sun was coming up. It was a beautiful exit back into the real world. A limo driver offered us a ride back to our hotel for 20 bucks so we hopped in. The limo was a short limo, not that that made any difference on me cause y'know size doesn't matter (lol), and the driver drove crazy fast, whipping around turns like the dukes of hazard. Luckily, we arrived in one piece but our blue man marbles were not only throbbing from the buildup but also shaken up from the crazy limo driving.
5	It's always a little awkward writing a review for a strip club... Particularly for a married guy with an 8 week old kid. But, hey, a buddy had a bachelor party and I wasn't going to be that guy that stayed at the hotel. I hadn't been to a strip club for maybe 11-12 years since early in my college days. But from what I do remember, this place was far, far, far superior. All the girls are pretty much super models and pretty friendly for the most part. The drinks weren't cheap- but it's Vegas... So I knew what to expect.This place seemed pretty clean and nicely run. I definitely give management props for keeping it professional. We were picked up in a party limo and let right in without any wait at all,,, pretty good for a Saturday night. We were given a good spot and after some of the guys departed, they didn't rush the rest of the group out. Anyway... If you're planning a bachelor party for one of your buds, I wouldn't even consider anywhere else. Take it from me- this place is legit and your search can stop here.
4	Go figure: I literally just wrote a review bemoaning the objectification of women in Las Vegas and then I promptly write a glowing review for the strip club. Yea, hypocrisy! However, I feel obligated to review this place. I am not typically a strip club dude. I find them to be demeaning for women and frustratingly pointless for men. Plus, for some reason, I always slip into Doctor Phil mode, and I end trying to analyze what happened in life to lead this girl down this particular path and how I can stop my future daughter from going down the same path. At this particular location, though, all my reticence went out of the window. I have never seen a more stunning bunch of employees. I wish i could remember some of the girl's names but between the alcohol i consumed all day (and night), the thumping music, and the fact that i paid very little attention to anything above the neck the whole night, I can't help you. It was my buddy's bachelor party and the club sent a limo to pick up all 12 dudes. We arrived at about 10 pm and since we were the only dudes there at that point, we were immediately jumped by beautiful women. I successfully declined the first offer for a dance (one of the more difficult situations i have ever been in) and decided to post up at the bar where no girl could claim my lap as unexplored territory. Since i am a generous dude, (and boobs were involved), I ordered some drinks for the girls at the bar. Embarrassingly at this point, Wells Fargo decided to activate fraud protection and limited my access to my money, and I couldn't actually pay for any of the drinks i ordered or any future dances until i convinced Wells Fargo that i was who i said I was. Needless to say, the boobs that were being tossed around so carelessly quickly disappeared. I didn't mind, however as the "private" dance that any person pays for in the general seating area is done in the same area and a non paying patron gets the same enjoyment as the dude who paid. If you enjoy strip clubs and you go to the Rhino, you made a good choice. I would caution you, however, to bring cash, as several sources told me that almost all banks decline your card when used here.
4	I have heard some people love this place, while others hate it.I'm kind of in the middle. I always like a good strip club though, and I understand exactly what it is there for, and how the business works. If people hate it because they spent too much money, that is their fault! If people hate it because the service sucked, that is different.My experience here was good, and I did spend too much money. The girls here however, are plentiful, and most are really hot. Vegas strip clubs probably are overrated however, but if you want tons of hot women to choose from or even just sit with, this is a cool spot.
5	So this is a different type of review because I didn't go there for a bachelorette party or to get lap dances... I was there for a business meeting... right?!Well, due to the type of work I do (laser hair removal) you can see how this industry makes up a large chunk of my clientele. I support my clients in whatever line of work they're in.So back to the review... we have always been take carer of here. We always get the best seats at the stage and our cocktail girl comes by every 2-3 minutes to bring us a new round of drinks and change out the ashtray. drinks are strong (I dont know prices because we dont pay) but I know you'll get your moneys worth.The dancers arent over-aggressive and they strike up good convo .. they're actually pretty smart and well-versed.The stage has a pole and 2 dancers dance at a time for 3 songs (stage dancers take tops off on 2nd song)The bathroom lade (mom) has a good selection of necessities and keeps the bathroom super clean. On the nights that are more low-key, we go to the champagne room and order steak and eggs at the private bar. Food is better than you can expect at a strip club.I like it, and I'll be back to support my clients at least once a week! come join me ;)
3	Warning: Be careful of drink prices here and/or running an open tab.- No drink discounts for locals (whereas Crazy Horse III, Hustler and Deja Vu does offer locals discounts).Was last here on Thu/3 Oct about 1 am with 3 friends.  I ran a tab for our table and it came out to be:"Premiums (10 @ 12.00)   120VIP Premiums                      16Plains (3 @ 6.00)                18Domestics (2 @ 10.00)      20VIP                                       16Subtotal                              189NV Tax                                18.90Total                                   207.90"I tipped $30 cash.  Talking to the waitress a bit and based on what our group consumed it was:- $24 per double Stoli vodka on ice (Premiums 12.00, a double made it 24.00/drink)- $16 per Jaeger bomb ("VIP Premiums    16")- $6 per juice (which were the "Plains (3 @ 6.00)")- $10 per Miller Lite bottle (the "Domestic (2 @ 10.00)")- On the positive side they had given us free entrance since I drove us (I'm a local but the 3 others were out-of-towners).
4	I really love winding down a long night out and about on the town at Gentleman's clubs. My last trip staying out way too late (the kind where sunglasses are needed), my girlfriends and I found ourselves here. Usually, a male is needed in every group to enter and there is a cover; thankfully, my friend knows the manager, we were able to enter as an all girl group, no cover, and he bought our first round of cocktails. My friends and I found a lovely cushiony table by the main stage, perused the menu, ordered some food, and chatted with a lot of the ladies. Most of which were just hoping for some conversation at 7 AM on an late Thursday night/early Friday. I really fancy CH3 and was a bit bummed when my friends out voted me to come here, but it was a pleasant surprise. The Rhino is very dimmly lit, I even tripped over a few chairs. The club had an old boy's club kind of feel. I felt like I should be drinking a whiskey neat and purchasing a cigar and all the men should be lounging around in robes.The girls were stunningly gorgeous. I didn't feel they were overally aggressive and quite a few of them came over and sat next to me and my friends and loved having general chit-chat. My favorite was a the entertainer named Vanilla. She was sweet, all-natural (I don't like anchor scars or other silicone parts). I definitely could watch her dance for hours.I definitely loved The Rhino and will be back. It's definitely classier than CH3, but I like my girls a little dirty.
3	Went there to meet some of our friends, it was their first stop of a $500 strip club package. The club was not too big, or overly crowded, but the seatings were weird, maybe just to me? Our friends VIP section was better, the booth was comfy facing the stage. It was fun to hang with them.The girls were pretty, but too many fake boobs, way too many! Just not my cup of tea, if they have nice perky boobs, I am sure they have to be really young to have that kind of assets, that's how I pick girls at strip clubs... ;p They were friendly, not pushy, the waitresses were very attentive and nice too, good service. We didn't stay long, left with our friends in their limo to OG, they have more beautiful all natural younger girls there!
1	Pull up in a cab... Tell them we want a table with bottle service... Still get charged $33 a person... Turned around and spent out $$$ elsewhere.. Be consistent on your policies of how you arrive for cover with the limo situation. You just lost out on a couple who was going to drop 700-900K... We will take our money elsewhere
5	This place is great! Almost never closes, has great food. Just a really nice place to hang out.
4	Amazing! Got the Golden treatment into the VIP area as I was traveling with VIP's. I could smoke my cigars all night long. beautiful women everywhere, but not pushy or demanding, just women who were working so you gotta take care of them. Very classy joint with the most beautiful women you will ever see half and fully naked if you pay
4	Yep I'll admit it - I had a fantastic time here.The layout is very cabaret-esque which is so much sexier than the euro-club setting at Sapphire.  I was lucky enough to get a seat right up next to the stage and the dudes who dragged me there were buying me dances all night.  FYI ladies - the girls have no problem getting up close and personal when you don't have a dick, so be prepared.The dancers here are just RIDICULOUS - I was so impressed with their yoga/acrobat/cirque de soleill/sex goddess moves all I could think was "how can I do that!?"  At one point I'm pretty sure I saw one doing a one-armed push up in a full split - WHAT!?  If Spearmint started their own fitness class I'd be signing up immediately...just sayin'Next time you're in Vegas and it's 4am, take a break from the tables and hit up the Rhino - you won't regret it.
2	The only reason I'm giving this place any stars is because the girls are hot but don't ever use your credit card here. My boyfriend and I both had our card info stolen using our cards. They stole over 1k from me and 400$ from my boyfriend. The place was packed and I'm sure everyone else who used a card dealt with the same bs
5	what can i say about this place that hasn't been said already?girls - the hottest girls in any strip club you will find, anywhere, bar none.cost - the most you will spend on girls in any strip club you will find, anywhere, bar none.pro tips:1) beware - bring plenty of cash because their ATM charges a $30 fee. 2) always use their free limo service to get here. that taxi fare is better saved for a lap dance
4	If you bring a girl, find Mitzi. She's Colombia's most addictive export! Calypso was nice, but boring. Good times overall.
4	Hey if you're reading this and you're judging me, then you my friend are a hipocrite. The only reason you're reading this is because you're thinking about going. Well, don't think too hard. Just go. Do it. Bring greenbacks. And lots of it. Oh, and leave your Visa at home.So, again, as you read further into this review. Don't judge me. I work hard. I spend my money. And yes, I love my wife...and she knows that I'm a guest at Rhino.My buddies and I roll in, pay the $40 cover and expect s drink to go with it. Nope! But who the hell cares, the minute we walk in to this place our jaws did a collective drop. I had to pick my friends jaw up from the Rhino floor because I didn't want him getting staph infection or something. We find a little corner to hang out on this busy night. Oh me oh my. Girls here girls there from every corner of the globe. Ecuador/Puerto Rican girl? Check. 6'2" Brazilian girl?. Check. Country girl from Kansas? Check. Not a single girl in there that was not worthy of being a Vegas dancer.And yes, girls were coming at us left and right. But don't take it personally boys, that's their job. There was one that found me for a private dance. And thus I had to knock off a star. $100 for 3 private dances. What they fail to tell you is there is a 2 drink minimum of another $50. What?!? Oh well...such is life and the price you pay for good times.Another back room is $200 for 30 min plus another 2 drink minimum of like $75 or something like that. I forget.I'll spare you Yelpers the details. The best that Vegas has to offer. Right here.
5	Was in Vegas on march 8  for a day.  I have to say it was the best strip club in Vegas.   Google the number on the Internet (702) 796-3600.  Call the club got there free cover cost.  Remember to tip the driver. Must come early at 8 pm because before I arrive there at 10 pm no table and waiting list.  Girl and super hot and super friendly.  Must bring over 5 bill and over for a great time. Also there are lot of girl.  The ambience is nice; drink are 10-15 dollar.  Love tit and asses; this is the best strip club in Vegas. Only 20 dollar for a lap dance. There are a lot different type of girl of all type.I don't remember 100 to go in the back for 15 min 3-4 song and two drink minimum 25 dollar each.  It was so worth it.  If you in Vegas it a must go destination.
3	Go to any taxi stand, tell them you're coming here. The ride should be no charge. They get paid for bringing you there.I was here for my bachelor party so I will start with this:"I, TY, solemnly swear that I did not engage in any lewd or unfaithful conduct while in this establishment. I did not once pull out my debit or credit card or even any bill larger than a twenty. I swear this on both my right and left nut. NOTHING HAPPENED."Anyways, the forty-five dollar cover charge is kind of in the next galaxy. You get 1 drink with this. When you enter, you are immediately greeted by a bevy of attractive young ladies who want to be your girlfriend right?.They make it clear that you're not cheating and that it's just fun when you tell them you're attached. Good to see that they're willing to be my conscience. That's going the extra mile!Of course, their friendly demeanor is meant to lure you into the VIP room. They start by telling you it's cheap. Then when you lineup, they say the 30 minute deal is much better at two bills because the one bill deal is just a quick in and out. I'm so glad they're looking out for me and trying to get me the most for my dollar.And, when you finally decline, they demand a tip for their time and stomp off, looking for their next mark.The best deal is sitting at the stage with a pile of dollar bills. Drinks are titillating, starting at fifteen bucks for anything.The women are nice looking, the layout is ok and they seem to have most jerks under control.  If you typically wipe your butt with hundies, then this place is for you.The funny thing is the cab driver, on the way back to the strip, informed us that we could have gotten massages with happy endings for a lot less than here...
4	Ok, this place would have gotten 5 stars if some of the dancers weren't so rude when you say no to them. Hubby and I normally get around to doing some sort of VIP by the end of the night, so relax!The girls are for sure the hottest of any of the clubs in Vegas though.  And the few that are not too scared to talk to a woman gave good dances.  The VIP isn't as private as some other places, but that's possibly due to how packed it is in there.We hung out with one of the dancers a couple of days later, she was really cool and a great girl. Take the limo, and after tipping your driver see if he can help you get a table. Much easier to get lap dances with a place to sit :)
4	The breakfast here was excellent.
2	Most of the strippers in here are Hot and I mean like super pornstar Hot !!!!!! Fake ass and titties everywhere I loved it. Definitely more girls then any other strip club in Vegas. At least 60 girls to choose from. Drinks are about $13 each. $25 lap dances and the homie got the weenie sucked and a 30 minute private dance for $300 bucks. But don't use your credit or debit card here. They will steal your money. Charged  $1,000 bucks on my card for a 30 minute private dance. I'll be calling visa and Bank of America first thing in the morning to file a fraud claim.
1	Pros: can't think of one, maybe that the girls were hot, average cost for dancingCons: pushy sneaky dancers, incredibly expensive, low quality dancingThis could entirely be my own personal experience as I have only been here once. however, my experience was completely HORRIBLE. My wife and I dropped $560 here tonight and got almost nothing out of it. the cover charge was $44 per person and the ATM fee was $21. If you go back for a private dance you are forced to buy extremely expensive drinks ($33 for a shot of crown) . And besides that the dancer we got, Ryan,  happened to be a horrible dancer. Great body and decent personality but she wouldn't shut up!  And she made us pay the cut that the club takes from her dance claiming it was a "tip" for the bouncer.  I wouldn't come back here if it were the only strip club in Vegas.   Honestly it made me sincerely appreciate and miss the clubs in my home town of Denver.
5	Always a good time at the Rhino !
2	I've gone here about once or twice a year for about 7 years.  The girls are great, but I was just there last weekend and while I was fine with $100 for a private dance, I was shocked by the $46 price tag for two drinks.  I might show up again in the future if I'm dragged there, but I'm definitely never getting a private ever again.
5	I do believe they have the hottest girls here. All of them are good dancers! You got a free drink with the $44 cover fee, and lapdances are only $20. Some of the girls may have fake boobs but so what ! They are beautiful. This place is friendly to girls and couples and we will definitely come back again!Tip: bring enough cash the ATM charges us extra fees.
4	Been awhile since I was at a strip club. I'd say about a couple years north of 2000 so my strippinese was a tad bit rusty. In terms of location it was clean, we were picked up in limo van, & the girls DIDN't look like busted wildebeest's. The prices are relatively reasonable and thanks to one of our friends the bachelor party was a success! Bottle service was very quick, our server was extremely responsive and always made sure we had full cups. Cant beat that!!!
4	Top of the line women.  Only negative is as soon as you walk in the door the girls are on you.  They pick you before you can pick who you want.  It would've been nice to just come in check out the dancers and then if i wanted special attention, i would pick the gal.  They will push for that private room dance too and if you do it, it will cost you a grip.  But, you are allowed to do way more in the private area then you can in most clubs.
5	SHOW ME A GOOD TIME!As you all know strip clubs aren't cheap..here's how to maximize bang for buck! FREE COVER! 1) Call the club directly, let them know you need a limo and what hotel you are staying at. FREE RIDE (but don't forget to tip)2) They will usually drop you off by the back entrance and simply ask the host for any bottle deals. I gotten anywhere from $99 for a bottle or 2 for $150 of Belvedere. (FREE COVER)3) Girls will FLOCK to your table like no other! ______As with any strip club, I recommend handling everything in cash as it can get PRICEY. And when you involving drinking and girls...it can get all bad!The girls will talk to you about private room, and I remember it being $200 for 30 min with a 2 drink minimum (~$20 a drink) and sometimes the girl will ask you to tip the bouncer a $20 (aka her and the bouncer's cut). Private room is actually a row of booths secluded in the back and it can get kinda HOT depending if you build a connection with that girl..DON'T FALL IN LOVE WITH A STRIPPER *T-Pain voice*More or less, the Rhino is a super laid back spot. Majority of girls here are super chill and aren't as aggressive as other clubs (in terms of pushing sales). The food here (bacon cheeseburger and chicken tenders) are actually REALLY good. Give it a try!My favorite to go here is in the afternoon or early evening. Perfect for an afternoon if you don't feel like gambling or going to the pool party. Happy hour bottle deals are up to 8pm, so you can get liquor'd up and head back to your room to get ready before you decide to hit the town!
5	This place was pretty awesome. The girls are beautiful and exotic. I was with a large group and we all agreed that Persephone was our favorite. Her fun, outgoing personality lit up the room just as much as her talent for dance. Definitely a must see Vegas hot spot :)
5	If you are in Vegas you have to stop by the Works Famous Spearmint Rhino!!! The have the most beautiful woman in the city! And by most I mean they have 100'of girls a night! The are open 24/7 with Amazing drink specials starting at 6 am! You won't regret it!
4	Good club... Beautifully laid out... Also has good rotation of girls so clients can take there pick of girls for company while visiting.
5	Came here for my 21st birthday and this was awesome! Bubbles really took care of me. Highly suggest her if you want to leave happy.
4	They have over 300 girls working on almost any given night!  If you want the cream of the crop then you need to go rhino it up.  They bouncers are the door are always A holes but once you get past them it's a good time.
5	This definitely can be your reason of coming to Vegas, dancers are wonderful! Remember to bring enough cash, ATM inside could charge you a ton of money.
5	This is an updated review based on my visit last night compared to my last visit 4 years ago during peak hours.This club is everything a guy could ask for in a gentleman's club. Beautiful girls with gorgeous bodies and surprisingly really fun personalities if you don't come off as a creep or asshole. I have high standards when it comes to women and looks and all the girls here were 8s and above, with 10s every 4 girls or so and 9s every other girl, no lie.The entrance I believe is $40 but make sure to call them to use the complimentary limo service to not only have that entrance fee waived, but arrive there in style in a stretch limo. Don't even matter if you're by yourself. Just make sure to tip the driver $5/each guy or gal in your party.The music was on point all 4 hours I was there and the dj deserves a raise for that. He'd go from electronic, to hip hop, to techno with flawless ease and if there was a dance floor, I probably would've been on it. I salute you, dj.I do have 2 gripes if you'd consider these gripes. Nothing major:1. If you're an asthmatic, stay away. Smoke everywhere. I don't even smoke yet I woke up the next day smelling like cigarettes still. That's how bad it is. Small price to pay though for all the gorgeous women.2. So many places to sit, yet all the seats were taken because it was packed. Only option was to take a girl to either the vip, champagne room, or rhino room.Some tips from me:1. Set a spending limit and don't use the atm in there. It hits you with a $45 atm transaction fee. No thank you.2. There's a back room where it's $100 for 3 dances in a more secluded setting. They don't tell you this but there's also a $45 2 drink minimum for you and the girl so it comes out to $145 each time you're in there.3. Don't be shy. If there's a really hot girl that you want, grab her before someone else does. These girls are the ones in high demand.4. Some girls can be pushy. Don't do anything unless you really want to. It's your money. You do what you want.Overall, an awesome experience and I highly recommend it if you have the cash.
5	I thought my Hollywood strip club experience couldn't be beat. I was wrong! This place is incredible. Call them to pick you up and take you there for free. No cover. You walk in the back entrance like a boss. The place was packed on a Thursday night and there were still more girls than guys. Probably 200 girls working at one time. And they range from big fake boobs to small real boobs and all ethnicities. I like how they'll just come up to your seat and give you a lap dance right there. And they pretty much let your hands go where ever. I'd say 80% of them are knockouts. Some could get a little pushy though. Be careful. You couldEasily spend all your money in there.
