3	Yay!  I don't know where this chain is based but I am sort of glad (maybe relieved is a better word) to see them popping up around Las Vegas.  I am not a fan of Starbucks.  As a matter of fact I would rather patronize an independent but they are hard to find in Vegas.So at least I can get a pretty good Americano or Mocha.
4	A friend of mine took me here once and recommended me the Caramel Blended drink. I like it alot better than Starbucks because it had a light caramel taste rather than a heavy sugar taste. However, I now go to CB for their Strawberry Cream Latte! It is so good. Great for a winter's day. Which is why I am very excited that winter is right around that corner!!!
4	I came for a Pumpkin Spice ice blended today and it was great!  I also used the wifi to check email and send some out.Good location with friendly staff!  It's close and I'm glad they're in the neighborhood!
5	I love this place. They make this awesome honey kiss blended drink.  The customer service has always been great
4	A great place to write a screenplay!! I love the drinks here, especially the tea lattes. They have tons of options, and the staff here is always happy to give you a suggestion if you're lost amidst the myriad of delicious beverages. This is a perfect place to come do some writing. The free wifi is great, and the comfy couches provide the perfect place to be creative and relaxed. The baked goods are both baked, and good. I would take the C Bean over "that which shouldn't be named" any day of the week.
4	I guess it's funny that I'm even writing this, cause I've pretty much stopped drinking coffee in the last two years. But when I did drink it, I would drive right past a Starbucks,  and keep driving, to find a CB&TL.  Why? Because it's just plain better than Starbucks. These days,  I gulp down the flavorful, ever customizable tea lattes they make here with abandon. So yummy...flavors like Pom blueberry, Japanese Cherry, Green tea, Moroccan Mint,  you name it. Starbucks has of late adjusted their menus, making more of their blended beverages like the Frappuccino customizable. You can now specify what type of milk or non dairy milk soy whatever  you want, etc. Before, all of their blended beverages were pre made/ premixed, and you had to make do with their whole fatty, sugary Frapp with no substitutions. That's why I actually started going to CB&TL over 8 years ago, cause Starbucks couldn't customize my darn Frappuccino....So yup, the Coffee Bean has been doing that for years already. And doing it much better, in my humble opinion. Most of their locations are a little bigger inside than most Starbucks, and their employees are less frazzled than those poor Starbucks employees, who are usually working some crowded location, being yelled at by angry coffee junkies with a caffeine hangover. Yay for Coffee Bean!
5	I love cbtl ice tea.
4	Super friendly and perfect for after school run drive thru Latte. The line goes a little slow but you get used to it.Good selection, very nice patio that gets hit by the low sun in the afternoon. It's not huge inside but the seating is really comfortable. A serious contender to Starbucks, they can't compete on the food at SB but drinks are similar and I think there is probably a better selection of teas.A winner.
4	I was out early yesterday and found this drive thru- I ordered a dark chocolate latte. It was super delicious, and very big. My only pet peeve is how they still want you to sign for a credit card receipt. Everywhere else I go you have to have spent up to $25 to require a signature...o well,whatever. maybe later they won't?
5	They are so awesome. And their ice blended drinks are the best!! Thank you CBT for keeping me happy in the morning, day, and night. ;)
5	I went in just to kill some time and I must have gone at a slow hour. The ambience is cool and a great hang out spot. Comfy seating and an outside patio. The staff was so friendly and I got an iced hazelnut latte. It was delicious and better than the one I get at my usual Coffee Bean location. The girl at the counter actually forgot about my drink, being busy with the drive thru, and I definitely understood. Things happen :) I went up and asked if everything was okay with my drink and I felt bad because she was so sorry and gave me a few coupons. She was a sweetheart and even though this location isn't near me, I'd make my way back just for the friendly staff.
5	I love tea lattes! I will go here over Starbucks any day. They had a special for a new tea latte one time and I did not like it and they were nice enough to make me a new ones. Mint tea latte, green tea latte, pomegranate blueberry, tropical passion-those are all of my favorites. I like them hot (not cold) and I also get no sugar added. I dream of Winter Dream tea lattes. Bummer they stopped doing Foursquare check in's. :( Makes it hard to come as often. But I will be back!
5	Love this location! The people who work here are always friendly. My husband chooses coffee bean over all others. He loves their chai tea latte. I love that its all non fat and I don't need to ask for it that way. Also love the area outside where you can sit and enjoy the surroundings.
2	Crappy coffee, expensive to boot. Teenage employees with vacuous looks on their faces. Cream and sugar station was a pig sty . Coffee wasn't ready...you have one job make coffee...moron standing in front of me in line..orders then just stands in the order line to wait for his order. ...hey Jethro this is an order line not a meditation line....fun times lol
4	Nice, big patio to enjoy a conversation and catch up with friends. The inside was clean and service was nice. All the pastries looked especially tasty at this location. Nice job.
3	it is ok, pricey drinks, nice staff most of the time,, just not a coffee junkie,, only go there if I have a deal to use like groupon, unfortunately I had a groupon to use and the staff says it expired, the groupon says it expires Feb. 1 , today is feb 1, isn't this the last day???? Anyway I do not know who to blame coffee bean and/or groupon, they only redeem for face value...
2	Great drinks, no problem there. But forget about getting food. 90 % of the time I try to get any type of snack here, especially bagels, they are "out". Last Sunday my boyfriend got our drinks and tried to pick us up a quick bite with our beverages. The only food they had left was some kind of nasty muffins. He ended up just getting them and they were gross and ended up in the trash. I think coffee bean should just stick to drinks since they can't seem to keep their food stocked.
4	Love this location. Located near 215 and Town Center, it is almost right across from the park. Like most coffee beans, inside has chairs and tables as well as sofa seats for a more comfy experience. But what was different, that made me like this location, specifically so much, is that they have chairs and tables outside ! When the weather is nice, its such a nice experience ! When i was here the other day, i sat outside, in the shade, reading on my kindle. Considering i stayed here for a few hours, i had to switch seats once to face away from the sun when it dropped a little lower. But being in the shade for 1/2 the time, having the sun shining on my back felt so nice !!! XD One other surprising thing i had experienced was girl scouts set up table here to sell cookies. The supervising adults had asked me if the kids had been disturbing me but i even missed her asking me the first time ! Its just a nice and quiet area, and i was into my book, the noise the kids were making was barely anything to me. Wi-Fi is available, like all other locations, but i believe you need to get the code from your receipt (oops i forgot to ask for receipt, if anything, i think i said no for receipt XD)
2	Consistent fails here for me.Perhaps it's just a string of bad luck but I have to review this location after the last few visits with mistakes.Today I order a latte with 3 sugars and ended up with a latte with 3 Splendas.  For some this would be no problem, but I can't stand Splenda and when you spend $5 on coffee you want it to be right.My wife's latte was worse.  It came out with the type of drink written on the lid in sharpe marker.  What that does is cause you to smell and taste sharpe every time you take a sip.  That picture is attached.The service at the drive-thru wasn't the typical coffee shop friendliness either.   It gets two stars because it is always clean and the dine in area is very cozy.
2	You want to know how I know they didn't make my drink sugar free? Because I'm pregnant with gestational diabetes and I always order a sugar free vanilla or Carmel latte and after I drank my latte this morning my blood sugar was through the roof. Not only is that outrageously dangerous for me but it's life threatening for my baby. Thanks a lot.
4	Sometimes you just need the java.  I come here anytime I eat at Daily Kitchen to get my coffee.  Not my favorite chain but this location seems good.  Staff is friendly and the service is quick.  Seems like they always try to offer me some food.  While I have never taken them up on it, I can appreciate the effort.  Biggest plus, if I order a large, they don't look at me like I'm a dick.
5	Coffee bean is one of my favorite places to go. So yeah, they will always get 5 stars when I find a good one. This is my favorite in Vegas. Made me feel like I was back home!  The place next door has great wraps and I like buying a wrap then heading to over coffee bean.  Not all franchises in  Nevada make the drinks like they are supposed to be made. This is the real deal! They paid attention in class! :)
5	Coffee Bean is consistently very good.  'Consistently' being the important part of that sentence.  My favorite drink (which I order several times per week) always comes the way I like it.  I love the dependability (unlike some other coffee places).  The friendly service is great as well.
2	For the most part, I do like coffee bean and tea leaf stores. This one wouldve got 5*, but a few faux pas messed it up for them. I was on this side of town for a business meeting.  I ordered my usual poison, iced white chocolate and a food item to go. I got my coffee first and was hopung to have my food item shortly behind. WRONG!  She "forgot" about my food, 15 mins later? Get real!
2	I enjoyed the customer service, care from the managers I sometimes am able to speak with, plenty of seating (indoor & outdoor + couch options).I am not pleased with the drink inconsistency and Wi-Fi almost never works properly. It takes a while to prompt me on my browser to accept and get Wi-Fi, then 80% of the times I visit the location, the connection never fully is made, and I cannot browse. I have came here in a rush to get some laptop work done, and had to go to my phone's hot spot (using my limited data). Not ideal. I am asking myself, "Is this place a go-to for me and my needs?" I can get espresso elsewhere. The location and having reliable WiFi are my biggest needs when stopping by a coffee shop throughout my week.
2	The generally accepted course of action when someone hands you a tip is to thank them. Even "Have a nice day" would have been appreciated. I didn't catch her name but Ms. Cool with the long purple witch-like nails needs to learn some manners. Terms like "thank you" and "have a nice day" should probably be included in your training manual. Don't make me switch to Starbucks. I'm not even playing.
4	This CB is located across the park and next door to a healthy food restaurant. Staff are always friendly, fast service, and great in stock items!
3	This location is hit or miss... baristas are either super nice or super snobby.  I like CB's coffee and tea over starbucks. The drive thru can take a long time though.
