5	Delish!  I'm no foodie, but I know when food tastes good, and this restaurant serves up refreshingly unique dishes.For lunch, we tried the cauliflower lemongrass coconut (cold) soup, and I was so inspired by the delicate flavours that I want to try this soup combination at home ASAP.I had the chicken burger for the main, and it was a great gourmet burger that still had the guilty pleasure tastes of a burger burger. Came with the best fresh cut French fries I've tried in Quebec. (I'm from Ontario where the abounding chip trucks are no city pilot project :p) (Did I just lose review credibility with the Ontario reference?)Finally, dessert. Mium. Beignes maison, flan, Kem CoBa ice cream, beautiful berries, brunt meringue, some other Italian goodness etc. (see photo).They're serious about their coffee too (thank you!  Gawd, how nice it is to drink a good cappuccino with your dessert).I will be returning to check out their brunch!  Heard talk of eggs Benedict. Yummy yum yum miam!
5	On a leafy lovely corner in Little Italy this new calm, classy, sexy farm to table restaurant offers beautiful seating outside on the street and in their backyard terrasse / herb garden. It feels great inside, you could be dressed up or casual and look and feel perfect, with comfortable benches and a kitchen within view and lovely seating along the bar where friends of the staff seem to congregate for cocktails. The focus throughout the menu is local product, lots of delicious wine and beer choices, including one of my favourites this summer, the Dieu du Ciel Disco Soleil IPA.We ordered the kale salad (with plums and roasted nuts!) and mackerel (huge pieces with sumptuous plump raviolis tucked between) as starters, and the gnocchi main. Portions were way more generous than recent fancy dining might have led you to expect, and everything was incredibly delicious, but the gnocchi was the super star and I'll go back soon just to wrap myself around that. Crispy on the outside, soft and dreamy everywhere else, with piles of perfect buttery local mushrooms, just a perfect dish. We called about an hour before walking over to book a table on a Wednesday but we didn't need to. Weekends seem crazy though, based on the buzz walking by, so I'd book anyway just to be sure. Service was prompt, cool, chill, friendly and very knowledgable about the wine. The only off note for me was the one waiter who repeatedly said things like "the wine menu is entirely full of triumphantly beautiful choices, or; everything on the menu is perfect and very special." I love the enthusiasm of his delivery and moustache, but personally I think it's better to stick to describing details that are special then let the items speak for themselves rather than spouting superlatives. Pretty cute how stoked he was though, it didn't dent the mood, five stars for sure.
4	This fairly recent addition to the Little Italy dining scene has an interesting menu, with good representation of fish and seafood and a very good wine list (mostly privately imported). I have been twice, mostly recently last evening. On the second occasion, I had a seafood chowder followed by a main of scallops, sweetbreads, etc. Both dishes were excellent.  Julien the barman is attentive and really knows his wines (I sat at the bar for both dinners and enjoyed our chats). Highly recommended.
