4	Was here during CES to attend a Tweetup hosted by CES and the Hilton.  This place was formerly a casino that was the entrance to the old Star Trek Experience.  Now, 75% of it has been turned into a lounge with sofas, chairs, and a small stage.With over 1,200 people expected to attend this event, I saddled up early to the bar.  It was open bar from 4-7 pm!  Awesome!While I was at the bar, I met a sales guy from a startup company in Silicon Valley.  He told me about his product and company.....interesting concept, I hope they make it.  After that, I walked around to meet some friends and make some new ones.  It was good times.....amazing what free alcohol can do for a vibe right?  ha!A DJ was playing music and giving away prizes during the event.This is a nice venue to hold a party like this.  Good stuff.Will I return?  When's the next open bar?
2	This used to be part of the Star Trek Experience, modeled after Quark's on Deep Space Nine. Now all that's left are the surroundings, all Trek props have been removed. Sad coolness. Didn't try any of the drinks.
1	This place used to be so cool when it was Quarks and they had the Star Trek Experience...  It was so much freaking fun to get drunk along with the interaction of the excellent actors who played Vulcans, Klingons, Andorians, and various other Star Trek characters.  Vegas is much less interesting to me now without the nerd coolness that once was here.
1	Here's the SpaceQuest Bar in a nutshell:* A quick and easy dance floor tacked down onto the pre-existing carpet.* A quick and easy stage cobbled together for playing music or booty dancers.* Random, mismatched tables, chairs, and couches pulled out of storage and plopped together to make this seem like a "lounge".* A quick and easy giant, temporary curtain placed to shoddily cover up the multi-million attraction that was the primary basis of this area.* Bathrooms that still have video screens that wheeze out the original sci-fi shtick from 15 years ago, but now the voices are strained, and the videos cycle lazily out of focus when they are not going to a blank, white "Video" screen.Six years ago, Star Trek: The Experience closed down, which was arguably THE biggest draw the Hilton/LVH had outside of being adjacent to the city's Convention Center.Since then, the place has sat like a shell-like monument to the old place.  I understand that it's a big space and needs to be filled, but since 2008, it looks and remains a cheap and temporary placeholder in its construction.  It's an odd combination of this well-detailed space theme crumbling and falling apart due to age and neglect coupled with a set-up that may as well have been constructed by a child with cardboard boxes and bedsheets covering chairs.SpaceQuest Bar needs to figure out what to do with itself, as after six years, they still don't get it.  The place looks like a graveyard.  Either accept that the place looks like a giant space station, clean it up and run with the theme, or suck it up and remodel the place into a functional lounge that's actually nice, and not comprised of temporary and mismatched pieces.  The "Star Trek" vibe still runs too strongly through the place, and trying to pass it off as something else is as ridiculous as losing the attraction itself (or losing the "Hilton" name, for that matter). "Star Trek" was one of my favorite areas, but put the area out of its misery already and do one or the other with it.
