5	great food killer drink menu and awesome ambiance what a winner. chef Eric knocked it out of the park again!!!!
5	Great lunch selections and prices. Had the roast need, gruyere, and mushrooms on spinach tortilla which was wonderful. Would drink the ice tea by the gallon if I could.
5	We had drinks and I'm so happy we did. You have to try this place for yourself to understand its grandeur.
5	Barrel-aged manhattans is all I can say. I tried the white and the red -- liked the white far more, which is interesting given that I've never tried making one at home. Maybe it was the subtle surprise, or maybe they just have an awesome recipe. The flavors melded together beautifully in each version, and I look forward to trying the red manhattan again in a few more weeks. This is the first time I've been excited about a beverage at a bar in quite a while. Looked like they had a great beer selection too -- maybe next time.
1	I really wanted to like this place since my first experience at Centurion was so good. Unfortunately after two attempts here, I've given up. The first attempt at eating at the bar came last Sunday. We stopped in around 1 pm looking for a sandwich. After being seated, they inform us that only the brunch menu is available. OK, but by brunch menu they mean breakfast. There are no typical lunch items available. No problem, so we place our order for the Wisconsin scones. A few minutes later the waiter returned to inform us that they're out of hamburger meat. At this point, nothing else on the menu looks appetizing, so we leave.  I think, no big deal, this happens now and again.We decide to return the following Saturday and meet a friend for brunch. This time full well knowing that means breakfast only. We sit down and all order a bloody mary. As the waitress is walking away, she turns around to inform is that they are out of scones. Out of scones??? That removes 1/3 of their menu. I'm in disbelief that this happened again, but really wanting to like this place we just decide to look for other options on the menu. Then the waitress returns again and informs us that they're out of bloody mary mix.  That was it for us. As much as I wanted like this place, that kind of management is inexcusable.  I hope they can get it together, but I don't plan on going back again just to be burned.  Too bad, because that Wisconsin Scone sounds amazing. If they ever had all the ingredients there at the same time.
3	After my last review, Chef Eric reached out to apologize for my last experience and to invite me back on the house.  I appreciated the offer, so I agreed to return, but at my own expense.  We were a party of 4 and were seated with only 3 of us there.  We sat down and ordered our drinks.  One Bloody Mary was ordered and this time it arrived with the other drinks.  When our 4th arrived, they ordered a Bloody Mary as well and were informed that they were now out of mix.  We found that disappointing.We moved on to the food.  Two of our party ordered versions of the Eggs Benedict, one ordered the Belgian Waffle, and I once again ordered the Wisconsin Scones.  This time, it sounded like all the food was available and we were happy.  We didn't wait too long before the other 3 plates arrived, but no sighting of the scones.  As two of the other dishes were egg dishes, we had everyone dig in so the food didn't get cold.  About 5 minutes later, the scones came out and we were all eating.  Everyone really enjoyed their dishes, and I sampled them all as well.  The food was extremely well prepared and flavorful.  As I had hoped, the Wisconsin Scones were delicious and really hit the spot.  Overall, it was a much better experience than my two previous visits.  The food was great, but the lack of Bloody Mary's at brunch was frustrating again.  I'm sure they're still working out the kinks and when they do, this place will be a great brunch spot.
4	Love this place!  They have a great selection of beer and wine and the specialty cocktails aren't too shabby either.  The paninis are really good, I've had the pesto chicken, roast beef and cheddar and the Greek one - they are all delicious!  The homemade foccaicia bread they have is excellent.  I usually get the side salad with it and it's perfect sized meal, I feel very satisfied when I'm done and overly full or having to leave food on the plate.  You can also get pasta salad or potatoes au gratin.  Everything is reasonably priced too, some of the paninis are $5!  Can't beat that for a lunch or dinner.The service is excellent , the bar tenders and owner have always been very nice and helpful.
5	I have to stay this is one of my favorite bars in phoenix. Chef Eric is so sweet and full of culinary knowledge. The bartender Kyle is super sweet and truly loves his job. If your looking for somewhere to unwind after a hard day at work or just have a good times with friends, then we you should come on over.
5	Went there this past Sunday for their 3:00 wine tasting.  What a bargain at $30 per person!  Tasted 13 wines, received a full glass at the end and we were treated to what amounts to a full size dinner plate of very tasty chicken.  The dish was a manchego stuffed chicken breast over lemon rice with a mushroom dijon sauce.  Went perfectly with the extra glass of Chardonnay I received.  The wines were ok to great but as Eric said "You'll never recognize great wine if you don't drink some mediocre stuff".  Speaking of Eric (he and Michelle were wonderful hosts), he's quite knowledgeable when it comes to wine and very informative.  Our group consisted of long time wine drinkers and I was worried that "Wine 101" would bore us to death.  Quite the contrary, I learned several things about wine I had never known.  Lastly, don't leave the bar until you have tried some of Eric's infused liquor.  The bourbon and rye were particularly good.I've also been to the Centurion for dinner.  If you haven't you owe it to your self to give it a try.  I'd recommend the stuffed mushrooms with cheese sauce.  Wow good!!Their wine list is a little eclectic but their is always a gem or two available.  Any of the well trained staff can make a recommendation.
1	Service not great.  Bar area is not user friendly.
5	LOVE this place!!!!  Sought it out for lunch last Saturday at the recommendation of a co-worker.  The character was amazing, the food was creative and tasty. I actually loved the appropriate portions. The customer service and friendly staff made this an amazing experience.  I will be back often.
1	Initially I'm hesitant to give any stars at all, but zero stars isn't an option.I have been to this bar three times now; and they have a decent selection and food is pretty good but the last two times I've been in it has been the worst service I may have ever received.The first time I went in I was served by a very nice lady who was tentative and professional. This is apparently not the standard.The second time I went the bartender, I believe his name was Kyle, had a group of friends at the bar nursing waters. It took a couple minutes for the bartender to show up; I had to wait for him and his friends to finish their conversation (more on that later). The first wine I asked for was a cote du Rhine which should be fairly light. Instead he gave me a Spanish blend saying it would be close. It wasn't. I later realized that he had sold me the most expensive glass on the menu. When I was finished with it I decided to switch wines to something closer to what I wanted in the first place. To get the bartender's attention I should've had some road flares. He was so engrossed in his friends that I literally had to wave at him, I'm also the only other guest in the whole place. All that said, the conversation I had to listen to was.. Less than professional.. The bartender not only divulged his sexual orientation but then went further to explain preferences.I ordered the second glass and when I did the bartender asked me if I wanted a new glass, fairly astounded at this point I said its up to you I guess. He brought the wine and while pouring it he told me he wasn't getting me a fresh glass because he hated polishing glasses. When I asked for a third glass he had became so lazy that he had his friends deliver it to me so he wouldn't have to walk around the bar.After such an experience I gave it a solid couple of months before trying it again, but I must be a massochist. I waited until it was a new bartender from the previous and once again the man behind the bar was much more interested in his coworkers than I, the paying guest.I will not be back, I get better service at McDonald's and they don't even work for tips.
2	Nice local bar for being "local" to people in the building, with very friendly staff and good service.  The bar part was a bit small, with people at tables that probably would have rather just sat at the bar.  Prices were fairly extreme.  I went in with a friend, we had 1 beer each, and no food, and got $16.50 bill.  For 2 people having 2 draft beers after work on Friday evening before going out, was excessive.  Won't be back based on price alone.  Was "nice" but not THAT nice.
4	We stopped in recently for happy hour and really enjoyed ourselves.  The addition of this space to Centurion definitely makes it a little roomier.  We cozied up to the bar, enjoyed some tasty cocktails and chatted up the bartender.  All in all, a nice addition to the neighborhood!
4	Very enjoyable!  Drinks were tasty as was our food.  Service was a bit slow at times.  Admittedly, I was leery because we had a less than great experience at the sister facility (The Centurion) next door.
3	I can't accurately review this place because I didn't actually get to have a drink here, but before you call me out on TOS, let me explain. After the state fair last weekend, we tried to get a drink at Sidebar, but they were too busy and had nowhere to sit, so we decided to try to get a drink here. It was about 10pm, and this place closes at 11. We came in and the place was empty. We were told to wait a minute before sitting down, so we waited. We were then told they were closing early because of an issue with the oven and were not even given the chance to tell them we only wanted a drink. I thought this was a poor business move considering it was an hour before close, there were 4 of us, and we would have spent a decent amount of money at this bar had they let us. Anyway, don't know when we'll be back or if we'll be back, I'm sure the place is good, but I thought this was not so cool.
3	Ended up coming here as part of a bachelorette party. I was disappointed to see that this place is more of a restaurant than a bar atmosphere.  The dining area was very clean and quiet. The wait staff was awesome while we were there, willing to let us play our scavenger hunt madness. My cocktail was delicious.
3	Ended up coming here as part of a bachelorette party. I was disappointed to see that this place is more of a restaurant than a bar atmosphere.  The dining area was very clean and quiet. The wait staff was awesome while we were there, willing to let us play our scavenger hunt madness. My cocktail was delicious.
4	I always love trying out new little places downtown. Bar Maximus is acute little bar located inside Centurion, which is a cute little Italian restaurant in a cute little neighborhood. Add a cool patio and I'm already into this place. Unfortunately, the host almost blew the whole visit, refusing to seat us in the COMPLETELY EMPTY restaurant or patio because we had no reservations. Then, after sitting at the bar (which has like 5 seats), the bartender and waiter ignored me for what seemed like a long time. The bartender later apologized and said he didn't see me, which must have been true because he was actually a super friendly and talkative guy. Once we got into the menu, I started to like the place. About 6 beers on tap, almost all from AZ. $2 off during happy hour, which is 4-6 every day, I think. Great bartender. What more do you need?
2	Nice atmosphere and selection, but the advertised hours are somewhat unreliable. Supposedly open Tues - Sat from 3PM - 11PM, but I've been by when they're closed earlier or not open at all, so call ahead if you go to make sure they are actually open. Also tends to get a bit loud considering it's mainly a restaurant. If you sit outside on the patio, expect to be breathing a lot of other peoples' smoke since even though the whole area is less that 20 feet from the door, smoking is allowed. I'd recommend Pita Jungle which is less than 100 feet down the street.
5	Hit this place again on a Saturday afternoon for drinks and tapas. A year or so had passed since my last visit and thought I'd try again. Service was great. Everyone was friendly and attentive. Tried the stuffed mushrooms and they were fantastic . The cheddar taragon sauce was delicious and I thought my wife was going to bite the server's hand when she tried to take it away. The espana pizza was equally as good and the perfect size for sharing.  Happy hour pricing was very inexpensive for both food and drink. I plan to stop by more often.
