3	Not the hotel of my choice, but definitely fit the bill for sleeping accommodations. The desk staff was pleasant and very helpful in helping us find food at 9:30pm on a Monday night.
3	I recently stay at this hotel on business.  The hotel was recently renovated which was nice.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The beds were comfortable and rooms were clean.  The hotel was right off the interstate and close to the airport.
3	Older hotel, hard to find. Friendly staff.
2	The "Shuttle Service" is crap. How do I know?  Because our shuttle driver is a moron. Let me explain ... Our shuttle driver was supposed to pick us up from the Charlotte airport at 10pm.  Called the hotel: "Driver on the way."  10:45pm, no driver.  Called the hotel at 11:15pm: "Oh, you're still at the airport?  The driver left an hour ago."  "Yes, the original 4 of us are still at the airport but now there are 3 more people waiting..."  By 1:30am the driver showed up and crammed 8 people plus luggage into a 7 passenger minivan.  No "Sorry I'm late. I was ____."  At the hotel, the  whole place smells like a burning tire yard.  Think of playing Auto Duel when you were a junior high school kid and being someone in the arena.  That was what it smelled like.  After checking in, noticed a few random people, in PJs, wandering the halls. Guests? Homeless? Child molesters? Perhaps the hotel is more of a long-term residence for some folks.  Anyway, the good thing about this place is the breakfast is decent. There's a solid selection of your favorite 3 cold cereals (think Raisin Bran, Frosted Flakes, and Rice Krispies) with bite sized pastries and a selection of fruit (apples and bananas) to get you going. If you have a choice, I would skip this place. I know I should have.
5	I don't understand how reviewers can say everything was fine but only give it three stars.  Rate it on your experience, not what you think Zagats might rate it as.  Jeez people!I don't think we could have done better for the price.  $69.00 per night brought down to $55.00 with AAA discount.  Continental breakfast in the morning, good location, very friendly staff, clean rooms, what more could you people want?  Sam Ash right next door, bought me a super cool ukelele!  Oh yeah!  Me likee.
5	Place was quiet, room was clean, beds were comfortable, water was hot, less than $80. Happy Happy!
3	Great front desk staff. Takes pets for an additional fee of $20. Absolutely horrible room freshened smell. It was so overpowering & we had to air out all our luggage.
