5	I love love this dentist.  You get seen within 10 minutes of arriving and are finished and out the door super fast.  I went to get 2 fillings and was done and out the door in less than an hour.  they are also super friendly with kids, whenever my toddler comes with me they are super nice to her and give her stickers and toothbrushes.
5	After having moved to Las Vegas from Boston (a city with some of the best doctors/ health care services in the country) I have gotten used to the lackluster, sub par performance of many doctors in the valley.  An especially big pet peeve of mine is the waiting time to see a doctor in this town!Several years ago I found Dr. Harouni.  I have been happy with his service and that of his staff.  Every staff member is courteous, friendly and extremely professional.  One of the best things about his office is that he strictly adheres to his appointment times.  No waiting for 20, 30, 40 minutes.  If your appointment is at 3, you will be in the dental chair at 3:05.
5	I was in Vegas on vacation and had to be seen.  I was sent to Dr. Harouni's office by a friend of mine and I was so pleased.  The desk staff made sure to get me in ASAP and was super nice when I arrived.  The dentist's assistant was also super nice, and when the doctor came to see me, he was honest and thorough in his assessment- which ended up not needing any work.  They treated me great even though I wasn't going to be a regular patient.  Maybe it's worth a trip to Vegas every six months just to get cleanings!
5	I love going to the Dentist.  I have a wonky mouth with lots of issues.  I had braces in college, oral surgery 4 times, and still have a messed up mouth, but the Dentist has never failed me.  I have shiny teeth and no cavities.I have had many a Dentist in Houston but was recommended to Dr. Harouni through friends here.  I have been several times (I have good dental insurance!) and have enjoyed each visit.  I have also referred several friends who really enjoyed their experiences here as well.  Both hygienists I have had are wonderful.  I saw Carrie last week and she is so sweet.  The office is conveniently located behind Galleria Mall in the circle drive behind Kohl's and JCPenney - there are a zillion dental offices in the building so it is hard to miss, the building has DDS all over the place in huge letters.  Dr. Harouni is on the 2nd floor, up the stairs to the left.The staff is all very welcoming and nice.  The best is when you make an appointment, you get a text message the day before and can confirm by replying with a C, so you don't get any nagging phone calls.  Bring your retainer with you; the staff will clean it while you get your teeth cleaned.  Dr. Harouni is very nice and the visit is always very easy.  Last time I showed up early and did not have to wait, and was out relatively speedily - as in under 30 minutes!  They are closed Fridays but open on holidays like Veterans Day so you can make your appointments around those days.  I highly recommend this office!  :D BIG SMILE!
5	Dr Harouni won me over with his one on one attention, great hygentist care, and always making me feel welcome. If you want the best for your teeth and smile, start coming here.
5	Dr. Harouni and his staff are the best!  I am the biggest chicken when it comes to shots and during my consultation, he assured me that I wouldn't feel a thing.  He was right!  He gives fast, "painless" shots!! I just got back from getting a crown, a filling and deep cleaning and was out in an hour!  I waited...maybe 2 minutes before he called me in.  Just a wonderful, wonderful, office.  I can now say, after 47 years, that I love my dentist!!
5	Dr. Harouni is an amazing dentist! The office staff is friendly and always able to accommodate. I highly recommend!
5	Fantastic dentist! The entire staff is extremely nice and Dr. Houroni is top notch. I'm so thankful to have found such a great dentist in the area. I refer all my friends and family here!
1	I broke my dental bridge in 2010 in a work comp accident. I came to see Dr. Hourouni after doing my due diligence. Top of class USC blah, blah.  After being fitted with the bridge, I knew I had an infection from poor fit at the margin. He saw me and ground down my natural teeth and the bridge. Still no improvement. I called his office and got the office manager. She told me to "rinse with salt water". Long story short... I had gangrene under the bridge, a subsequent bone infection, had a PICC line for 2 months and almost died from meningitis. I have lost 6 teeth.  It is now 2015. I am still miserable and will be going to get 6 implanted teeth. My pain is controlled with narcotics and I have a healthy resentment.  Dr. Hourouni, you are a joke of a doctor, your shoddy work is exceeded only by your glossy pictures and ego. Thank you for ruining my smile and my health.
