5	The Madison Mallards really understand how to throw a party. The  minor league franchise only offers big league thrills.They realize that the college-level baseball talent alone will not entertain most people; it's old school baseball -- low power numbers and high strategy (like sacrifices and manufacturing runs). As a result, they focus on value and entertainment. Inexpensive tickets, good and reasonable food/beverages are a Godsend. I just came from Milwaukee -- three tickets with views that do not require binoculars will run you over $100. A crap beer (Miller brands) in a plastic bottle runs another $6.50. The food is overrated and also price-inflated. At the warm Warner Park, I was able to get a seat right behind the dugout (word is that they are County Stadium relics) for $10! They offer 18 different beers including incredible Microbrews collectible plastic cups for $3.50 or less! Besides great beer, there were funnel cakes, TURKEY LEGS, burgers, brats and MUCH MORE. Their wait staff (yes, wait staff) is friendly and efficient with your orders, so you can enjoy the show. Four mascots are always running around the stadium rally-mongering and adding to the enjoyment. In between innings, the festivities including a t-shirt toss, bat spin, children and mascot races and more. The PA announcer consistently appeals to the good-natured (but peculiar) kitsch that fills a family-oriented outing (refers to foul balls as wieners or frankfurters for no particular reason). Check their web site -- their dates are chock-full of promos including autographed balls, celebrities (like the Fridge, Webster, Chewbacca and more) and post game events. Attending the Duck Pond (Mallards' park) re-energized my interest in baseball. The gurus behind the franchise understand the importance of the fan and do not take patronage for granted. Re-invest in America's past time without losing your wallet!
5	Going to a Mallards game in the Duck Blind at Warner Park has become a summer tradition for me and many others.  When I was a kid I remember coming to many a Muskies game with my parents, but the crowds were always thin and no one was surprised when the Muskies and the subsequent teams folded.  Now Warner Park is a family destination as well as a popular party location.  For the last several years my company has held our summer outing here, tailgating in the parking lot before catching the game.  There always seems to be a huge crowd on the weekends.  The Mallards organization provides an atmosphere that was missing when I was a kid.  Personally I love the game of baseball, with all of the intricacies of the pacing being a big part of the charm.  However, I realize that I'm in the minority here, because most of my friends find it kind of boring.  But the Mallards have really energized the park with the give-aways, the mascots, and all the other sideshows to the game.  My opinion is that if you want to see baseball played in all of it's old fashioned glory, go to Wrigley.  The Duck Blind is the place to be for most of the adults that didn't bring children to the game.  For $25-35 it is all you can eat and drink in a sectioned-off area in the right field corner.  The food is pretty decent but the real attraction is the beer.  Led by local brewpub Great Dane's signature Mallards Ale, there is an excellent selection of beer.  This is undoubtedly why a lot of people attend, but it leads to a very festive atmosphere that is always a good time.  The only people not enjoying the Duck Blind are usually the opposing team's relief pitchers, since their bullpen is in the right field corner as well.  You can also win free tickets to the Duck Blind from US Cellular on the day of the game.  Outside of the Duck Blind, the park is very kid-friendly, with various mascots running around and all sorts of things to keep the kids occupied.  The main mascot rides a zipline down from the party deck in the Duck Blind to home plate to start off the game and set the tone.  It's always about having a good time.  The various promotions include "B-List Celebrity Fridays," various throwback nights and bands playing live music.  The concessions range from the traditional hot dogs, peanut and cotton candy to the truly excellent jambalaya.  The prices are quite reasonable and the people working are always friendly and appear to be having as much of a good time as the fans.  For the price there isn't much else you can find in Madison that compares.
5	Mallards are hot.  Definitely check it out.  I heard it was a drunk fest, but it seemed more like a family event to me.  Might depend on what day you go.Good fun!
4	Mallard's games are really fun... if you're not in the Duck Blind.  Duck Blind tickets cost something like $30 for all the beer and food you can put down during the game.  That *sounds* good, but in reality, there's nowhere to sit down--and if you're not sitting down, you can't watch the game.  If you can't watch the game, why the hell are you paying $30 for beer and hot dogs?But I digress.  The Mallards are a good team, and the games are fun to watch.  They're filled with all sorts of wacky antics!
4	Lots of fun, little bit of cash. These games are great for getting a bit of fresh air, hanging with a few friends, drinking a(few) brews, and munching on some ballpark goodies. VERY family friendly, but still fun for those of us who don't know who the hell the Jonas Brothers are. I personally have never been in the Duck Blind, but I hear it's over-rated.Bring sunscreen if you're on the third-base line!!!
5	Mallards games are seriously awesome and so inexpensive. Most nights feature some sort of special. I like the "two beers, two hotdogs and a ticket" one. Tickets are so cheap, although the prices may change with the opening of the new stadium this summer. You can take your whole family to a game or go with friends for a night of baseball and drinking. The duckblind is the place to go if you're looking to eat and drink a lot! It's all you can eat and drink beer (or soda). And, they actually have good beers, not just the cheap stuff. If you get there early, you can snag a picnic table too. I'm really excited to go to a few games this season.
4	OK, now this is good clean fun!  This weekend featured Dog Day where, yes, I could bring the pooch to the game.  Great beer options, all $3.50 to $4.50 per cup.  TIckets are cheap and the goofy antics are fun.  The Cheese and Burger Society offers a different signature burger for each game.  I even found something called a Pigsicle -- smoked bacon on a stick, deep fried, served plain or with chocolate.  $1.
5	N E W   S E A T S !!!!  The old bench were terrible and kept us away.  We spent two games this year and we are hooked.
5	Great park, great atmosphere.  The last game we went to was a group sponsored picnic, again, great food, great atmosphere.  They did a nice job remodeling the park.  All the staff was very helpful.  Prices for the food are good, selection of stuff to eat is outstanding for a ballpark.  Highly recommend....  To the lady below who signed up for the Mallard "gnome", it was a great promotion, and it looks great.  Nowhere on the face of this earth would someone do a promotion and let you in to get it without a ticket.  Get over it.  To give a low grade because you would not buy a ticket is beyond my pay grade...
4	Had a lot of fun at a Mallards game recently.  Food and beer are top-notch in both prices and quality.  Front-row seats along the basepaths are a bit narrow and claustrophobic; it seems like they sacrificed about 3-4 inches of legroom compared to other rows.  People were friendly, but the all-out assault on buying raffle tickets and everything when you walk in the park is a bit much.  Loved the between-inning games and promos.
5	At a recent game 3 of the 5 people in my party (myself included)  were stung by hornets.  I can't say enough good about the staff response. The medics took great care of us. They cheered up our kid really well and then the manager gave us all new seats behind home plate with food and beverage too. We really enjoyed the rest of the game. Also they did deal with the hornets I promise. I have been to a bunch of other Mallards games too, and I always have a blast.
4	I don't have kids, so I've only been to one game where I haven't been in the Duck Blind.  The food's okay - the pulled pork sandwich is good, the burger is okay, the chicken slider is just a little piece of chicken on a bun.  The beer selection is great.  I'm not a fan of the Great Dane stuff, but there's still more than enough to choose from.  Sitting out here is a great place to mingle, but it's rough because I actually like baseball.  The sight lines aren't the best, but can be mitigated if you get there early and are actually around people who know what sports are (wtf would you sit with your back to the field while you doodle around on your phone?).  Getting there early also sets your mind at ease about getting your money's worth.  Let's face it, $33 on a weekend is a bit stiff.  If you don't get there early, you have to pound it, and then you run out of room, and the rest of the night will be shot.  Don't do that.
3	Mallards games are pretty incredible for as small as they are. There are a lot of handouts as they try to advertise and there are plenty of food options. The between innings and seating sections are also pretty cool. This is a pretty good place to bring a date to if she is into baseball also.
3	Rough opening night for the food stands, but that is understandable since all of the kids are pretty new.  I would get more brisket on hand for the next game though as they ran out before the 1st inning was over.  Also, the first stand we went to had no brats ready for service at game time.  Beer was good, game was good, entertainment was good.
4	Madison Mallards games offer fun and family-friendly entertainment for a great price! We paid $10 each for our seats, and honestly, I don't think there is really a bad seat there! I can see the food (priced like a typical sporting venue) driving up the cost of your experience, if you're not careful. But stadium food is always so tempting!The game we attended was a pretty good one, with a home team win, but they do such a good job of keeping the crowd entertained in other ways, that I wouldn't have minded either way! The night I went, there were dozens of giveaways, contests, and even weiner dog races! I can imagine taking kids here, but can also see how it would be incredibly fun with a group of adults! I happened to be enjoying a date-night and I thought the experience was great in that context too!Looking forward to going back and hanging out in the much-hyped Duck Blind.
4	I'd heard the buzz around town that the Duck Blind is the place to be come summer nights but for some reason unbeknownst to me (perhaps I was skeptical about shelling out money to watch a glorified college baseball game?) I could never be hooked into it. Until last night.Some friends and I went ahead and paid the $28 for unlimited Great Dane beer (Fat Tire, Magic Hat, Ranger IPA, Great Dane brews abound), unlimited noms (brats, pulled pork, even Boca burgers for, ahem, those inclined) and field-side seating. I watched about three full minutes of the game but the atmosphere and hilarious entertainment were totally worth it. Weiner dog races? Mallard mascots whizzing by on a zip line? 2 seconds of fame on the (sort-of)-jumbo-tron? We even hitched a ride back downtown on the free shuttlebus. Totally worth the fee, I'll absolutely be back again this summer.
5	Why watch the game when you can watch the madness unfold in the Duck Blind section? I think the only time I looked at the field is when children dressed as fruits and vegetables began racing around the bases. My general admission Duck Blind ticket was $33 for a Friday night game - but the experience of trying to get my money's worth was priceless. All-you-can-eat ballpark food (which is perfectly adequate ballpark food, nothing to rave about) and all-you-can-drink adult beverages (from a fairly extensive beer list)? Challenge accepted. There is another Duck Blind section that costs a bit more than the general admission. I think it includes a reserved picnic table and a better view of the game; however, if you're willing to come to the regular Duck Blind section soon after the gates open (90 minutes before the game), you can call dibs on a table in the cheaper section. Overall, it was a great value for 4 1/2 hours of food, beverage and entertainment. I won't be back every weekend - for the sake of my waistline - but it's definitely a fun way to spend a summer night in Madison.
4	It's not the MLB, nor is it a swanky college field (have you seen some of the college baseball stadiums?!), but it's always a good time when you're watching the Mallards at Warner Park.Book seats online; most are well under $20. If you're looking for a real deal, buy the all-inclusive Duck Blind tickets and enjoy all-you-can-eat-and-drink for around $30. You won't see much of the game, but you'll be having too much fun to care.We've sat in a number of locations; behind home plate, along the baselines, in the cheaper seats, and in the duck blind. All are excellent seats, so don't fret or work too hard to find a great seat.The food is fairly good; lots of options and it seems to be of better quality than what you'll find at most similar venues. Drink options are superb - tons of craft beers to enjoy, many from The Great Dane. All are reasonably priced - I think the most expensive menu item is around $6.The Mallards are more than entertaining to watch, but for those of you with ADD or for those who can't stomach sitting through an entire baseball game, there's a great midway with games, bouncy houses, and gift shops as well. The organization has fun challenges and entertainment between each inning, so there's rarely a dull moment.The stadium is always clean and well kept; bathrooms are plenty nice.
5	I moved to Madison a year ago, and what's the first thing I did? I attended a Madison Mallards game with Gwen and Dan.(I think I still owe you guys money.) Let me tell ya, it's all it's quacked up to be. Ohhhhhh! Seriously though, I can't remember the last time I had so much fun at a ballpark. Sure the space itself leaves little to be desired. It's small. Seating is uncomfortable, and depending on where you're at the sun can be beating down on you for quite a while. BUT, what the place lacks in ambiance and comfort, it MORE THAN makes up for in pure good ole American fun. There's something happening between every inning. Look here! Now here! No over there! Hey look at that! It's like an ADD wet dream. You're never bored. You can't be! The activities and inning breaks definitely cater towards kids, but I found myself laughing, cheering, screaming wiener at the top of my lungs. Food in my opinion is only so, so. I like that there are local options but they're not great. They can't be... it's a ballpark and they're using prep kitchens. I will say the beer options are nothing short of amazing. I also dig that players typically stick around after the game and sign stuff for the little ones. It doesn't get more local than a Mallards game, except on July 4th of this year at the Hometown Classic. What's a Hometown Classic you ask? Oh, just a head to head of central Wisconsin's minor, minor, like "is he able to drive" minor team players. Such. A. Hoot.
4	Take me out to the ballgame! Coming from Milwaukee, our experience of a night at the ballgame WAS Miller Park. I love Miller Park, but, we had just as much fun at the Madison Mallards game. Here are some of the reasons why...The parking was easier and cheaper. We had our wallets pulled out and ready to go, but never found anyone to pay...because the parking is free! The stadium is small and easy to navigate. You can get there 15 minutes before a game and still get to your seat.  There are really cool between inning activities. Fruit races (small children in costume), baby crawl, T-shirt toss. This was awesome. I looked forward to the end of each inning just to see what would happen between the innings. Food was good. The pulled pork was recommended to us. We got it, it was good. Overall, a great night with friends and a great game! Go Mallards! We'll be back!
5	Great fun, great food & family-friendly activities & prices! They give job opportunities to teens and people with disabilities. The baseball season is short, so make sure you get your tickets, esp when they have special events.
4	Great time! Still haven't been to the Duck Blind yet, however this place is all around fun for the family or group of debaucherous and rowdy friends. The players are talented and its a great way to spend the afternoon. There is a concession stand on the outer edge that has different cheese curds than the other ones, you'll know which one. These are seriously some of the best cheese curds I've ever had. They are a staple in my Mallards game experience.
4	Mallards games are great, affordable family entertainment.  The organization does a great job of keeping everyone entertained.  Between each inning, there is usually something on... kids racing, adults dancing in sumo suits, etc. Food:  decent and affordable.  I don't come here just to eat, but if I have to, it does the job.  For foodies, there's some upscale food (steak sandwiches, pulled pork, etc.) that's pretty good.  Of course, the beer is pretty good - lots of craft options!  If you're not going to drink beer, sign up for the designated driver list and get a wristband for free soda and a chance to win a jersey!Baseball:  entertaining.  These are college kids working to improve their game.  You probably won't recognize any names unless you're related to them, but they're still pretty good ballplayers!  After every game, the Mallards players stand outside the locker room and sign autographs for the kids.Entertainment:  lots of it!  There are plenty of drawings and games to keep you occupied.  The "beer batter" is always fun (a certain guy on the other team - if he strikes out, it's 2-1 beers for the rest of the inning).  There's also a play area behind the third base line for younger kids (playground, bounce house, etc.).Value:  pretty good.  Tickets are reasonable.  Every night seems to have a promotion, so pick one you like.  Duck Blind:  Not for kids.  Out in right field, you can buy a special ticket and get all you can eat/drink.  It's a lot of fun out there if you're with the right group of people. :)We're not season ticket holders by any means, but we try to take the family to a couple games each year.
5	Highlights/lowlights1) friendly staff2) fun thing to do on a nice summer night3) gluten free food options availableI think it's really important to head in to your first (or any) mallards game with the right mind set. This isn't MLB! If you want that that head to a Brewers game in Milwaukee (NOT a Cubs game at Wrigley :p). As this is not MLB, the stadium is smaller and really easy to navigate through. I would imagine this would be really good for families looking for a night out. There is a decent sized kids area near the entrance as well. For a smaller stadium there is a really impressive amount of food and drink options. There are over 17 different beers available plus people selling Seagrams escape drinks (supposedly gluten free!), lime-a-Ritas etc. I was expecting pretty limited options for food as this is a smaller stadium but they really have everything you can get at an MLB game. Brats, burgers, chicken sandwiches, even cheese curds! There are even gluten free hamburger AND brat buns. Basically a food coma waiting to happen for anyone with celiac disease/gluten intolerance. The staff at all the food and drink stands was really friendly and quick!Wisco fans everywhere are pretty chill but even more so here! Everyone is just here to have a good time and nobody gets really competitive about the game.With plenty of food and drink options and great fans, a Mallards game is a great choice for a night out on a nice night!
4	The Duck Blind is where it's at!For $33, you get to watch the Madison Mallards while you enjoy unlimited food and beer all night long in the Duck Blind.  Bring all your friends! The duck blind is great for big groups.
5	There's nothing better than a Baseball game on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. The Northwoods League is a fabulous concept. Great Baseball at a reasonable price. You get to watch some of the best College prospects in the country at a state of the art Minor League Stadium. A baseball junkie like me couldn't ask for anything more.  Like most Minor League teams, the Mallards kept us entertained with a wide variety of gimmicks. My Visit coincided with Fathers day so there was a meat raffle for the Dads that I gladly entered. I don't have any kids, but I wasn't going to let that get in between me and my meat. There was also a dance off between the Grounds Crew and a Mascot, t-shirt t throws and lots of other interesting side shows. Fans who catch foul balls can even trade it in for a free Hot Dog. Although I have to admit that its a little annoying when the PA announcer yells Wiener after every foul ball.   I'd like to say my day with the Madison Mallards ended on a happy note. But I have to sadly report I went home without any free Fathers Day meat. I didn't get the meat, but I did get to see some future Big League players show off their talent at a beautiful Ballpark. And I had a damn good time doing it.
5	Thank you, thank you, Madison Mallards, for inviting the community to the fireworks on July 5. I hope this becomes a new tradition for Madison's Northside neighborhoods.The run-down:- I was glad to see you open the stadium for fireworks viewing after the game. Everyone was welcome, even if they did not attend the game.- The concessions were still open and serving beer and snacks.- Attendees could sit in the stands or have a blanket on the outfield grass (which is soft as carpet, by the way).- There was a live band playing great, American rock songs from the 1980s and 1990s. Thank you for not playing that Lee Greenwood song!!!- The fireworks were great. They were large, didn't last too long and the right distance from the stadium for viewing.Spectacular!
