3	Let's just say it was the best and worst 4 years of my life. The education, at least in engineering or computer science, was pretty hardcore. Well, I guess the undergrad courses were pretty easy but when I had to take grad level classes with students whose research was on the very same area of the classes, it got a little crazy. I just needed the grad-level credits to get the hell out of there as soon as possible!Social life was seriously lacking... They did have a great drama department, but the thing about CMU is, people across departments really don't like to interact with one another. I guess they were just being realistic, and nobody had much extra time to waste. Pittsburgh is probably the worst city to be in, there was nothing going on, the food sucked, shopping sucked... (Now there is an H&M in Shadyside though, so I guess it got better)... The school did help me get cool jobs and stuff... and I met some of my best friends there... So I don't exactly regret going there, there is no point in doing that... I guess if you are considering going to Carnegie Mellon, make sure you visit the school and the city, and see if you're okay with spending 4 years of your life there. Check out some of the parties and see if you like what you see (I didn't!!)... If you get into this school you're probably accepted to some other great ones too. So visit them all and decide for yourself.
5	As a CMU SCS alumni, all I can say is that the on-campus gyms are the worst I have ever seen in my entire life...
5	Best university in the states.  That's right, CMU is better than MIT.Ignore the CMU haters, those people won't/wouldn't be happy anywhere.
2	I felt so lost during my 4 years at this school. It's very big and nobody really knows who you are. It's also expensive.
5	Carnegie Mellon is, hands down, one of the great success stories in American education.  The place is barely 100 years old and it competes with Ivy League schools with billion dollar endowments.The best thing about CMU is the passion and diversity of the students and staff.  At CMU you will find yourself surrounded by amazing actors, engineers, future business leaders (the undergrad business program is in the top 10 and is harder to get into than CS), etc.  The contacts you gain from your time here are priceless.  At the age of 30 my social circle from matriculating here is second to none.  The professional respect which you gain by having this name on your resume is astounding (and well-earned, I've NEVER been professionally disappointed by a CMU alum).The campus is set in the city, but the security is fantastic and Pittsburgh is a relatively safe city so safety is not a concern.The usual complaints I hear about CMU are:(1) That there isn't mixing of the departments.  This is ridiculous.  Sure, if you only go to class and don't talk to anyone else then your exposure will be limited.  But if you put yourself out there you will make friends in other programs.(2) That Pittsburgh is terrible.  I think this is not true.  The great things aren't put right out there and you have to dig a little, but Pittsburgh has a lot to offer.  If you are looking for something in particular and can't find it, the MSG ME.
5	This is a very "get your work done" type of place. Get your work done, make friends with Pitt or Duquesne students for a social life, visit the gym if you want to cry a little on the inside each workout (the wristband policy is comical), and you'll survive just fine.
2	This is the weirdest school I have ever been to in my life. The people sometimes talk to themselves in garbled nonsense in the computer clusters. It is good comic relief from the heavy work loads I suppose...The prof's are GREAT though. But the people are bizarre!!!
5	Carnegie Mellon is the best. The campus and the surrounding area in Pittsburgh are quite beautiful and the people here are genuine and sincere. We had three days off during the huge snow storm and the place here was breathtaking.If you are into parties, there's University of Pittsburgh right next door. Parties start on Thursdays, aka Thirsty Thursdays. There's also Temple Fest, which is a huge block party on the last day of their classes.Don't listen to the rumors on the dating scene either. The guys in my department tends to be somewhat shy and awkward, but 90% of them are the nicest, kindest, smartest, and sweetest guys you'll ever meet in your life. Just stay away from the 1/10 men who are asses. And of course if you are in to yellow fever, there are plenty of cute Asian girls here.
3	Dear CMU,I need to tell you something.  During our four-year-long relationship, I was often upset with you.  When we first got together, I was so full of hope and optimism for our future, but as time went on, things only got more and more difficult and I began to wonder if you really had my best interests at heart.  You made so many sweet promises about how you wanted to give me a better future, but I suspected that you were only interested in my money, and I resented that.  You were also so demanding, you know?  You took up all of my time, sapped my energy and sanity, and made me cry a lot.  I kept wondering if I should break things off with you (it also didn't help that Pitt was fun and available), but I really wanted for us to work out.  I was so confused.Now that it's over, I have to admit that I often think of you and the good times that we shared.  Even though things were so complicated between us, you did give me a lot of fond memories.  I laughed a lot and learned a lot.  And you helped me to grow into a better person -- you encouraged me to work hard, to think deeply, to be creative, to take action.  You also introduced me to some of my closest friends.  Although we've finally parted ways and have long since grown apart, you had a special part in my life, and I thank you for that.I... I miss you.Or maybe it's just the idea of you that I miss.
5	Reviewing a university is difficult; one must consider academic ranking, location, professors, curriculum, everything. I attended Carnegie Mellon for my undergraduate studies and graduated with a B.S. in ECE, and honestly, I wouldn't have it any other way.This was definitely the best and worst four years of my life. In the end, all was worth it. I am now very happy in the DC area, and I can only thank CMU for allowing me to get here. I not only grew up and matured here, but I was forced to adjust my study habits and grow stronger academically. The challenges I faced in my major far surpassed any of struggles I had thought were oh so important back in high school. I met some of the best people I have ever met here at Carnegie Mellon, and I can safely say that these people will be my best friends for life.I had very mixed feelings initially about going to Pittsburgh. I am a Jersey boy at heart, and Pittsburgh was not only far, but just different. At the end of the day, I am very happy to have experienced a different location, a different culture, a completely different lifestyle. Pittsburgh taught me to face certain social challenges and to learn to be the better man (being an Asian American from a heavy Asian population in New Jersey, racism was not as prevalent as it was in Pittsburgh). I can simply say, attend Carnegie Mellon because the academic studies here are top tier. However, Yelp should not be the first place to look. In fact, I would never imagine to look to Yelp for reviews. Yelp does provide a very casual atmosphere, though, one that won't change the game, but simply allow you to have that small nod of approval. Carnegie Mellon gets five stars from me. I would give it more if I could. It changed my life.
5	Sure, CMU, I suppose I could give you some stars for the cool education your faculty is giving me. A couple more stars for sending me away at the end of 2 years with a masters degree. A couple more stars for the lifelong friends you gave me too. How about the graduate/faculty only lunchtime at Schatz Dining Room? Stars for you too, I suppose.
5	Where to begin? How do I write a review for a university that raped me academically?As mentioned in other reviews and other college sites, this place will get you studying no matter how big of a procrastinator you were in high school/college. Yes, your colleagues will be smart, and those that appear dumb are probably smarter than you. You will pretty much be able to distinguish who is a Pitt student vs. CMU student if you are at a bar (womp womp). And yes, your social life will diminish to a certain extent.Then why would I give this place 5 stars? Why would I give this school 5 stars even though they made me take Programming with CS majors though I pursued a field in the medical area?This school really cares about its students. I realized this only after I continued my studies at other institutions and meeting peers from other schools. Plus, the hardest course in dental school was probably only a medium level course at CMU.I won't go into specifics, but this school goes above and beyond to make sure you are cared for while you attend. The school is small enough, the faculty is accessible (and even the for the larger ones), and the staff are plenty to make sure you make it through successfully. If you need assistance, they have every type available. If you are unsatisfied with something, you will see them try to fix it. As a student, athlete, and leader during school, I ran into a few hurdles here and there, and CMU helped me pass them.The food on campus is getting better, and the restaurants in Pittsburgh are not as bad as you think. The food trucks on Maggie Mo Street are freaking delicious, and my favorite is the Thai truck. There's plenty of parties around campus every weekend, and if these are lame for you, Pitt is down the street. The scene in the Strip District isn't too shabby either.There's plenty of arts. I think CMU has the first fine arts school in the US? Pittsburgh orchestra and ballet, Falling Water, Mattress Factory (the museum, not the store), Andy Warhol Museum?CMU is strong academically no doubt, and the surrounding communities make it much more attractive. I definitely wish I took more advantage of the resources and people there.  I met my lifelong friends there, and for that, I'm forever grateful.
5	My University Alma Mater. It's one of those places you love to hate and hate to love, but in the end, you're going to be extremely grateful for the opportunity to have attended and will love CMU for what it is.Let's be honest, you're not going to CMU to party, to partake in the incredible sports scene, or even to enjoy the amazing year-round weather. You're here to get a great degree, to meet and make some lifelong friends, and to become part of the brand that is Carnegie Mellon.CMU is a research and academic institution, first and foremost. The faculty and staff are AMAZING. This goes for every college and school on campus. Every single one of my professors I had was incredibly well-versed in their field of study, and they definitely made classes challenging. Oh, that's another point to make about CMU - your class load will most likely be more intense than your counterparts at other institutions. Why? Because professors here actually care about students understanding and growing beyond the material that is presented in the classroom. What's the good in taking a test where you just spit back out what you heard in lecture? Classes here make you THINK, and yes, you'll probably cry for your momma every now and then when midterms come around, but you'll come out the other side a stronger person than before. Intellectually at least. As others have pointed out, there is a 99% chance there is someone on campus that is smarter than you, and you will probably need to allocate an inordinate amount of your waking hours (really, sleep is for the weak) to studying and bugging out about your homework set. But don't let that get you down about CMU, it's all part of the collective experience, because everyone does it. The facilities are top notch - technology is almost always refreshed as soon as possible to keep campus up to date. Heck, CMU had the first all-campus wireless internet capability out of all the universities in the States. Computer labs are everywhere, from classrooms to dorms, to the library, to the student centers. The newest CS building (the Gates Center), is brand new and has computers out the wazoo. Hey, if Bill Gates wants computers, Bill Gates gets computers and lots of CMU students learning on them.Campus itself is an interesting place to be. It's small enough so that a walk from one side to the other should only take about 10-15 minutes max. However, it's large enough so that you won't see the same people day after day, unless of course, you hang out in the UC (University Center) at the black chairs all the time. The buildings are a mix of old and new, where the older buildings (like Doherty, Porter, Baker, Heinz, and Hamerschlag) are from the Andrew Carnegie era. The older buildings definitely have a charm that I loved. Something about that long, sloped hallway.When it comes to dorms, yeah, they aren't the most amazing. If you can snag a room along the Morewood corridor or in West Wing/Resnik, then you're probably the best off. Henderson is pretty good as well. Or just go off campus if you really can't deal with it.Ok, food-wise, CMU isn't the greatest. You're not going to get any franchise meals on campus, and the available eateries aren't tremendous, but they're decent for what they are. Lunchtime rushes between classes can get crazy in the UC. There are alternative dining options scattered throughout campus, so find something you really like and make that a frequent destination. For me, it was Joe's hotdog cart outside Tepper and the actual cafe inside Tepper. Ok fine, Si Senor burgers and chicken fingers were amazing as well (gotta love the triple-nuked fingers!). Off-campus, there are bunches of bordering neighborhoods to find food at, such as Squirrel Hill or Craig St. You can even venture down to the Pitt area of Oakland for some more well-known chains and local joints.There are a bunch of traditions and campus myths at CMU, as with any school, and you'll be sure to learn them quickly enough. These are integrated into student life pretty heavily, and I wished I'd taken advantage of more of them. Definitely spend a night out to paint the Fence. Definitely be involved with Carnival in some capacity - building a Booth is the real way to go. Definitely explore campus to find "secret" levels and rooms. Sounds like a video game, right? Don't forget, CMU students are a bunch of self-professed nerds, no matter how much we may deny it.I'm not going to go over other Pittsburgh attractions or amenities, as others have done so already. CMU is an oft-overlooked institution because it isn't a traditional Ivy, and it's not MIT or Stanford. However, the education and academic reputation is absolutely there to compete with the best (a recent Forbes ranking placed ~4 degrees from CMU in the Top 10 highest-paid degrees upon graduation), and all of our colleges are consistently present in discussions regarding top academic programs in the country. This includes the arts and design programs.
5	A lot of the best people I know went to this college.
1	Haha wow, looks like the CMU administration got on here and posted some rankings of their own and Orwell'd any bad ones.  Everyone I've met hates this place, including alums I've met dating back to the 60s and it's easy to understand why: this is the most godawful excuse for a college in the world.For starters, there is basically no social life whatsoever.  The administration killed the greek system and almost nobody cares about the school sports teams.  If you're the type to sit in your room in front of a book 24/7, maybe you'll break 3.0, because 24/7 is nowhere near good enough to compete with CMU's finest.  If you're a normal human, you'll be lonely and miserable and grow bitter when you see all of your friends on Facebook enjoying the best years of their lives.CMU likes to talk a good game about "diversity".  It's a joke really.  This school seems to be about 70% Asian, 25% Indian, 10% white and 5% black.  I guess at such a nest of liberals, this counts as diverse, ignoring the fact that asians only hang out with asians, blacks with blacks, you get the point...But of course, it's worth 4 years of the collegiate equivalent of prison for the education, right?  Wrong.  You can bank on the school picking the least helpful or English-proficient TAs they can find, and the professors just throw a bunch of formulas at you and expect you to figure out the concepts all on your own, which they can unfortunately get away with because half this school would qualify for MENSA.  You can go to USC, UVA, Berkeley, Vanderbilt or Michigan and get an equally good education while actually having a great college experience.  A lot of people blame it on Pittsburgh, but really the city's actually not that bad.  Pitt kids love it.  Then again, half of CMU has never taken a step off campus so they're not the best source of info.Don't come to CMU; you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
3	I attended the Carnegie Mellon dramas program as an acting major. The program is well-renowned and very competitive. I worked with a lot of WONDERFUL teachers and actors. Most of my peers have had great success in the acting business.         Unfortunately, I have a few negative comments that are probably worth taking into consideration before someone attends this program. I feel that boundaries and personal integrity were really sacrificed along the learning path. We were required to reveal and even dramatize our personal lives. Looking back I don't think this was appropriate or fair to ask of 20 year olds desperate to earn an "A" or avoid getting cut from a program. Not only should your personal life not be graded, alot of people's families and friends got thrown under the bus as actors "dug deep" for material. I even had an experience (shortly after my Dad died) where peers staged the arrest of my live in boyfriend in front of me. I was hysterically upset. They were trying to get an "A."             I had a teacher that spoke little English but screamed and stamped her feet to try to get us to move in rhythmic sequences. We actually paid money for that class! I took me many years to learn that there is no valuable epiphany being spewed from tyrannical ranting. If you have a valuable lesson to teach, it can be taught appropriately and diplomatically.           Finally, I was very disappointed when my father died my senior year and my scholarship was revoked. Although I completed the work, I lost all credits for my senior year and was never able to receive a degree. The drama professors were kind enough to let me continue attending class and gave me grades, but all of my grants,loans,and academic scholarship for my last year were denied with little explanation or counseling. Needless to say, I am not to keen on earning a degree from this school anyways. I think I left more emotionally broken.
5	Let me skip the discussion of the education in CMU and list the places to visit on campus: - The Fence in the center of campus, probably the most painted structure in the world. - The Walking in the Sky sculpture, near Forbes Ave. - The trucks: authentic and affordable food trucks on Margaret Morrison St, on the east end of campus. - Randy Pausch bridge, from the central lawn to the Gates-Hillman building. It lights up at night. Try to find penguin shapes in the fence -- a reference to Gates, Microsoft, Windows, and Linux. - Gates-Hillman Center itself -- the newest (so far) building of campus and an example of post-modern architecture.- The Hunt Library in the end of the cut also lights up at night. - Wean Hall, holding a record for the size of a wholly concrete building in North America.
4	not sure why anyone would go to yelp for a review of their university, but as the duke, i feel obligated to inform my subjects. cmu has some of the most interesting people you'll ever meet. though be warned there will be arrogant jerks. its unavoidable, however preppy rich kids and arrogant jerks are less common here than at other schools, even other schools of lesser renound. its a lovely school and the campus is gorgeous. its proximity to pitt keeps it grounded in the world, which is to say, you can go to pitt parties and no one bats an eye. pittsburgh is a fantastic city for college, especially for those who are not accustomed to a city setting (pittsburgh is small). otherwise be prepared to do a lot of work, the school prides itself in being hard so even if you know the material the school wants you to do tons of work, be prepared. freshman courses are easy too, they warn you about difficulty, don't follow through and hit you with it when your guard is down.spring carnival is awesome, great time to pretend you aren't stressed. tons of clubs and interesting things. but tepper cit and scs are the best, i was chemistry and realized late that chem e would have been a better idea. don't go here for humanities generally, but philosophy is a very unique department and i hear its pretty great here, though do double major in a humanity, very interesting spins to standard majors here.
5	A wonderful film festival. Got to see many films and they have brought many directors of the films there. Plus great food offered.
5	CMU is a wonderful school (full disclosure, I received my master's degree here).  I feel extremely well served the CMU experience, the instruction, and the facilities.  I made lifelong connections and would highly recommend it to anyone who feels as though they have what it takes!Pittsburgh, as a city though leaves a bit to be desired.  There is no performing arts scene to speak of compared with similar sized cities, horrible food scene (including a plethora of crappy mid-western pizza), and insane drivers.  Recommendation:  if you go to CMU leave your car in another city (an watch yourself as a pedestrian, two of my classmates were hit by cars as pedestrians).
1	The education is great.  However, as a incoming student beware of a scam that the payment office has.  Despite the fact that the vast majority of students are covered by their parents medical plan, they take the position that you are not and you have to prove it to them.  Every year.  The forms are cumbersome and if you do not fill it out right, it costs you $1200!!!  I have had to fight with them multiple years.  Once again, great education, but greedy.
