5	THE BEST!  I have lived in several cites and always seek out the best salon.  When I found out they routinely do hair for magazine shoots I WAS IN!   Wade is a true artist and knows how to cut for looking HOT every moment of every day!!  This is NOT your great Clips skill set - these stylists know how to cut and style for the people walking red carpets and sitting at photo shoots, they are pros!   Don't waste your time if you want what you've had for the last 5 years  - this place pushes the envelope in a good way!  oh - my friends from out of town now call it home too!
5	This review is solely on the amazing facial I had, the free dole pineapple juice in the mini can and the front desk staff. I thought I had had a great facial before....uh no.  Nicole gave me the most amazing facial / neck massage I have ever had.  My skin was GLOWING for 2 weeks!  People actually asked me what I had done differently because I looked so fresh.  Crazy right?  Cleans the pores and gets all the knots out of your neck.  Nicole you are the best!The facilities are nice, but not knock your socks off (like Drift Spa @ the Palms Place Condos) but still free everything and very clean.  Tooth brush, trail mix and those little cans of pineapple juice!  yum.  The whirlpool /saunas looked very nice as well.
5	Went to Amp specifically because of the review about Nicole below.  It was everything I could have asked for, she took a loot at my skin and then treated my skin specifically.  I had a nasty blemish that she also made quick work of.  Will be going to see her again at the Amp Salon on my next trip to Vegas!The facilities are a little on the bare side but the hot tubs and outdoor patio with hot tub that overlooks the pool was very cool and fun.
5	I came to this salon, to vamp up my look for a photo  shoot I had that day. Brandy, my make up artist was fantastic. Not only was she fast and professional, but she made me feel really comfortable. But most importantly she made me look great!
4	I really like to come here and go to Prema for the HairDreams extensions. I used to go to my friend in LA for the Great Lengths, but the HD seven star hair is of a much nicer quality. The application is not quite as meticulous, but it's very quick, the price is reasonable and I love the hair.  Prema is very mellow and pleasant and the girls at the desk are friendly. I always leave feeling much prettier :o)
2	Meh, not impressed.  Not a warm and welcoming place.  Was not greeted by my stylist, (when she did come to the chair, she had no idea what my appointment included) Also, had to walk my self out to the front desk to check out.  Did not have a good experience here...
5	$70 for a Spa Pedicure. I thought this was just going to be another overpriced, under-delivered service that I've noticed a lot of other places in Vegas these days...But No! I thought wrong! I got one of the best pedicures I've ever gotten in my life from an absolutely gorgeous woman! She wrapped my feet, soaked them, massaged them, and made them feel amazing!
4	This salon is decent and I'm a fan of the hair products they sell here. Mercedes is by far the best reason to come here though.
4	Willie from New York. Ask for her if you're in the mood for a sexy blowout. For $40, I got the best blowout ever. Voluminous hair with no hint of beauty pageant, show girl, or Shirley Temple. If you're in Vegas for a night, don't bother bringing your hair products. Just go here.
2	They advertise a $40 blowout but in fine print they state something to the effect of "longer hair = additional charge". This I get, longer hair means more work. What I don't get is who or what decides what qualifies as long hair and in turn means charging customers 50% more.  My stylist was nice and my hair did look good but I'd just advise that you assume the blowout will be $60, not $40, unless you have very short hair. Tack on that tip, and you're looking at an $80 blowout. Sorry, but no.
