4	I pulled into Hot Shots to have my car washed.  I have driven by many times but did not realize that the cars are washed by hand.  And that makes a huge difference.  The employees are fast and thorough.  My guy srcaped the tar build up off my car.  I was so happy.  I hate doing that.  My tires were polished and my car sparkled.  I will be back.  They do interiors too.  I will utilize that service in the future.  $8 and something cents for a carwash.  A great car wash.
4	Looking for a car wash close to my house, I found Hot Shots. I had gone on a long road trip(4000 miles). The Tahoe was very dirty and had a lot of bugs on the front. I was curious to see how they would clean them off. I went for The Works wash and vacuum service. They did a really good job of getting the bugs off. They actually washed the front 3 times to make sure it was bug free!! Tires polished,interior cleaned and scented. All at about 5.00 less and closer to the house, than where I have been going. I will be going back.
1	I have had my car washed at Hot Shots since they opened. I was alwayys happy with the quality of the wash until September 1, 2010.They have raised their prices and their quality is now very poor. I didn't quibble about the price but I am was VERY unhappy with the wash. First, they wouldn't have even washed the top of my car until I brought it to the attention of the management. The wiindows were left streaked and the inside widows look as if they weren't even touched.My last visit to Hot Shots will be my last. Don't waste your money. I called the manager and told him of my experience. He seemed uninterested. When I told him I would not be coming back, he said "OK". Not much of a manager.
5	You know when you get your car washed and inevitably something isn't perfect. The door jams aren't cleaned, the dash isn't wiped or there is brake dust and dirt still on the rims. Well, that just doesn't happen at Hot Shots. If you are looking for car wash that washes your car as well as you do, this is your place. Keep in mind they take their time, so don't expect amazing results in less than 15 minutes.
5	So I pull into this place based on two measly Yelp reviews. I tell the guy what I want done and he tells me he'll meet me in the cashier office. As I head in to pay, a Ferrari pulls in behind my car. I started thinking "okay, if he trusts his car here, I can surely trust them with my lowly Corolla".I was right. The fact that there was a Ferrari right behind my car made no difference. I watched as they paid just as much attention to detail in washing my Corolla as they did with the Ferrari. They didn't skip a step on either vehicle and both vehicles left the lot at the same time, looking pretty damn nice (okay, his car more so than mine but for reasons other than the wash.)Great wash done by hand, attention to detail, friendly enough staff and the price was comparable to other car wash joints who don't pay nearly as much attention to your vehicle. Wish they had wireless for the wait but that's not something I'd expect so 5 stars it is. We'll see if my rating changes in a couple months when I get my window tinting done there.
5	You think in Phoenix they would have more brushless car washes, but there's really only two -- Hot Shots being one of them. With the Basic Car Wash, you're able to get an exterior and interior clean for little over $15. With three to four guys working on the car all at once, I was able to get a thoroughly clean car within 20 minutes. After looking everything over, I quickly concluded that they had done quite a detailed job within the given time. Highly recommended, will definitely take my girlfriend's car over there later this weekend, which is also black. My only suggestion is that you try and get there early in the morning when it's not too busy.
5	Hands down the best car wash place EVER!!!Great service, and your car will come out looking brand new. They have a client for life.
4	Good service. Good job. I can't say a whole lot because I left my car there for a wash and wax. I didn't actually watch the process. When I came back, the car was spotless and I guess they did the wax - it looked good!The wash price is on the expensive side but the wax was reasonable ($50 for both).The neighborhood is very urban. Try not to let that throw you.
5	Yelp!! Love you guys. I have be disappointed so many times at this other Carwash I used to go to. Used to go to!!! Found hot shots from yelp and got the best wash in phoenix. Cost is a little more, but your car is hand washed and towel dried. Car hasn't sparkled this much since the day I bought it.
5	Hotshots is by far THE BEST carwash I have ever been to. Their attention to detail and the quality of work is far more superior to any of the chain washes or any family owned joint in the Phoenix area. I have lived in phoenix my entire life and they BY FAR blow the socks off anywhere else. I got the works wash ($19.99) and they wiped every little crevice from end to end (including the trunk!) They wiped all my leather down. They even worked extra hard to get in between the seats and the console. The door jams were were immaculate and my wheels and tires didn't have a single smudge or spot on them.I will not take my car anywhere else. They do take awhile but you can't expect quality in 10 minutes or less.
5	My baby had 2,255 miles of dirt, grime, and salt on her from our cross-country trek from North Carolina. The guys at Hot Shots got her back looking like MY car -- shiny, sparkling, black, gleaming. Their menu has car wash options for every budget. I chose one of the middle options, which included a soapy handwash, wiping down, removing excess water with an air hose and subsequently wiping it down, vacumming, window cleaning, car fragrance, and Armor All inside and out. It takes a little longer than at some other places, maybe, but totally worth it.
2	I used to go here exclusively - they were awesome and reliable, but since they've changed owners the service has been inconsistent at best. One time they left my car sitting there, forgotten about, without drying, it so they had to wash it again. Most recently, my husband brought his brand new car in for its first wash, and they scratched it (then refused to admit that they had done it but it was obvious, and the owner never called him back). I'm looking for another hand car wash place now.
4	They have always done a great job whether I get the mini-detail or a cheapie wash. Definitely recommend. Price is a bit high if all you want is your carpet and seats shampooed.
5	This is a car wash that I would highly recommend. They do a great job, and pay attention to the details. It costs a little more at Hot Shots, but it's worth it. It takes a bit more time, too- but worth it. The main reason I would recommend this place- they do an outstanding job and are consistent every time.
5	Based on the reviews at Yelp I gave Hot Shots a try. Told them it was my first time and that I had been going to another handwash location for years. The manager explained what they do and why it takes longer than other washes. I know it is a little more money but it is worth every penny. Other washes never seem to get the water out of the mirrors. You end up with streaks down the doors. How about the water marks from around the trunk.Not a problem at Hot Shots. My car is black and you just can't run it through a regular carwash, handwash is the only option. I will be a regular now!!
4	Really great.   I came here after several mediocre washes at Danny's just up the street. At Hot Shots, they take a lot of time with your car no matter what wash you pay for.  The physical layout of the place is a bit strange (I never feel like I'm waiting where I am supposed to) but the guys are great. They open early and DO take credit cards, but remember to bring cash to tip.
4	I once again am indebted to my fellow Yelpers for helping me find this place. My second visit to Hot Shots was to get my brand new baby a bath after weathering the Goddamned dust storms driving down to Tucson followed by the rain storm in Phoenix.It's very easy to pass up this nondescript place and it doesn't look like much from the outside. This is a complete towel hand wash place so it's very no-nonsense without any bells or whistles. In fact the whole place is pretty spartan compared to Danny's or any other car wash. There are no air fresheners, trinkets or other junk for sale and unlike Danny's no consultant trying to upsell you on minor repairs that you don't need.The waiting room is tiny and again pretty bare walls except for a few adds and magazines. Be prepared to wait because the place is small and it takes longer since this is a hand wash place. If you're bringing your kids and they're ADHD bring some extra Ritalin because there is NOTHING here to entertain them.I read a few comments that the prices here were high. I don't find them particularly higher than any other car wash and I don't think anyone who loves their car would mind paying a few extra dollars to have their baby come up sparkling and shiny-new. Your car will definitely get a little extra TLC here. Another great local business that deserves our support and patronage.
1	I can't even give them one star! First they were closed an hour and a half early. Second they don't even have signage to help you know where to go if you've never been here before. And third the big guy inside was kinda rude in letting me know they were closed. Definitely won't be coming here anymore. Not very customer service oriented.
1	So I went to check this place out. Due to the great reviews its been getting. Either none of you know what a really clean car looks like, or they just did a shitty job on my GTI. There was still trash in my door panels and crap under the matts like nobody botheredtto remove them before vacuuming. And the wax job I paid for looked like shit. There was even wax on the strips of the doors. Honestly not worth 70$ I was expecting my car to look amazing not like a cheap 3 dollar wash. I didn't get to watch them wash it. I left to grab a bite to eat and when I returned 20 mins later my car was "hand washed, vacuumed and waxed." When I wash and wax my own car it takes me at least an hour and a half. Needless to say I will never go back and I hope this diverts anyone else from checking them out.
