4	I stayed here for 2 nights while in Charlotte for business.  It's a very nice hotel.  The front desk clerk was very personable, friendly and accomodating.  My room was really nice and spacious.  I had a view of the city which was nice but I didn't get to really enjoy since I was not in the room much.  The bed... Heavenly.  The Westin is known for their Heavenly beds and it definitely was.  High thread count sheets and fluffy pillows... the best night sleep I've ever had while on vacation.  I thought about working out at the nice gym but the bed... couldn't get out of it.  Room service was good, but expensive.  $12 for pastries and fruit?!  Well it is room service and when is that ever cheap?  Had a nice stay and will probably stay here again if I have to come back to visit.
4	This Westin is great. I stayed here before relocating to Charlotte and always had a good stay. There is a good lobby bar and restaurant. The rooms are great. Modern and comfortable. The place is practically brand new so it still shines. Definitely a good spot to stay when staying uptown in Charlotte.
2	Summary:  Beautiful hotel, highly error-prone staff. It is rare to find a hotel as beautiful as this. The look is very modern which I happen to love. It has a decent gym, which is also rare for a hotel. There is a very soothing bar area with live, gentle jazz music.  The staff are very professional in demeanor and friendly.  This COULD be an awesome place to stay. I experienced the following over two stays:I arrive 11pm, exhausted from travel, only to be told that the hotel is full.  The only room they have left to offer me is half a "parlor" room. I was given a SOFA BED to sleep on. I had made the reservation several weeks prior, with guaranteed late arrival. I get to the room and the electronic key does not work. I call the front desk on my cell phone and wait in the hall 20 minutes half asleep for a guard to show up. His key does not work either.  Ok, this kind of thing happens sometimes at the best hotels, right?  I gave a shirt and slacks to laundry. That evening I receive someone else's underwear instead of my own clothes. I gave a pair of jeans to dry clean, specifying not to wash because they would shrink. Well the jeans arrived that evening no longer my size.A pattern develops.On the third night, around 11pm a large heavy set man knocks at my door. He claims to be security but show no identification.  He wants to see my id.  Highly suspicious, I don't open the door and I slip my gym copy of my license under the door. Later he returns with police and insists I accompany them to the front desk. Later they apologize for the error.  What were they were thinking?A waitress in the bar area ignores several requests for menu and a drink over a 20 minute period. The bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time. A gym attendant wants you to sign in but has no pen. The "weather report" button on the phone gives you a recording describing YESTERDAY's weather.Etcetera.Bottom Line:  Stay here for the serenity and beauty of the decor, but you will need the patience of a saint!
3	It's a Westin, you pretty much know the deal if you stay at them often- but they do vary a bit in terms of overall quality, though Charlotte leans a bit toward the low end for a Westin, I'm afraid. It is a sleek, newish building with the cool, polished feel that most Westin's throw down. The Ember Grille was nearly empty at dinnertime, and the environment was cold and stark. You would think something with "ember" in its name would emit a bit of warmth in its ambiance. The menu seemed a little limited, and we were starving and I was getting cranky so we actually opted for the bar for appetizers while we decided what to do. I highly recommend the "10" sampler, which included small bites of rare ahi, goat cheese quesadilla, buffalo wings, hummus and smoked salmon. Great deal for $14. J got a delicious Kobe burger and we relaxed in the spacious bar, and soaked in the cocktail hour jazz piano. Room service was just okay. The staff was all very pleasant with the exception of the disinterested waiter in the bar; strangest service I may have ever encountered. I think maybe he was trying to pull off some sort of NYC attitude schtick in Charlotte. It was amusing at least. Nice stay, nice location. No MSNBC, this and the waiter cost them a star.
4	I stayed at the Westin (3 nights/4 days), during a recent business trip to Charlotte and have nothing but great things to say about this location!The interior/lobby is very nice (modern/relaxing). Check-in/checkout went smoothly and the staff's attention to detail, was very professional, yet not overbearing.The lobby/cocktail bar area was very conducive to not only getting together to "defuse" after a day of training (great couches!), but this area was also friendly to those who's day cannot pass without hopping on the laptop to check e-mail (many outlets available in the lobby/cocktail area). I utilized the fitness center early every morning (which was no small task, as it was hard to climb out of bed, as the bed/pilows, were so comfortable!). I have become a "treadmill snob," and one morning, all (6) were being used, so I hopped on the ecliptic (sp.?)  machine. I loved the interior of the fitness center as well. There are also free weights and other equipment available as well. I kept hearing that you had to pay $5 each time, but no one on the fitness staff ever approached me regarding this. There is also a spa within the fitness center. I did not utilize this, but other coworker's utilized this opportunity.We had our meeting within one of the conference rooms at the hotel. It was nice (modern), although as is usually the case, the room grew too cold on occasion, which was addressed by our staff, but with no noticeable difference.I noticed each morning, that our facilitator was met by the hotel staff to review the day's agenda, which I was very impressive. The rooms were nice. Modern fixtures, with a fairly good-sized bathroom. The lotion and soap were great!The Uptown area of Charlotte has grown and there are many great restaurants, within walking distance from the hotel.I had a great time and would recommend this hotel for a great getaway!
2	We recently stayed a Saturday night and I thought that the place was not very well organized... Our room had plastic cups, wrapped in plastic, like at a motel... not glasses.  The dresser was dinged up and had a panel coming loose.  Ordering room service breakfast was an ordeal, and came with 3 eggs benedict, rather than 2.  The gym was fantastic and huge, but the sauna did not work properly and never really got as hot as it should have.  The bed was really nice, no doubt about it, I slept much later than I normally can in a hotel.  Before leaving the room, we called to have our car brought around....  the valet never got the message.  It's a beautiful hotel, it's just that the details are off and things are a bit careless.  Maybe it's recession related.  Maybe they will have to be more on their game when the Ritz opens this fall.
4	I stayed here this past weekend.  I love the Westin chain.  their beds are so comfortable.  the service is good and there are nice options for a drink or food in the hotel.  The gym is huge and looks practically brand new.  It is in the heart of the city and you can get everywhere downtown by walking and if you need to drive the highways are very close by.
4	So I live here.... well I check in on Monday mornings all disheveled after my red eye from SFO and I check out on Thursday morning. I will share that all of this is provided to me by my company so I am not actually paying for it myself just as an FYI. I really would say that this hotel does everything they can. The doormen are always there opening the doors, I am always asked if I need help carrying all my ish, the breakfast menu is amazing ( I personally order the oatmeal - it comes with a sliced banana caramelized on top, and the mixed fruit - blueberries, raspberries, and blackberries!) , the breakfast buffet is equally good, and the staff are always smiling and thanking me for staying there. The beds are amazing and the dual shower heads is a major plus. The most amazing part about this hotel is when I come by at 5:45am on Monday they ALWAYS have a room available where I can check in to, drop off my stuff, crash for a few hours and get ready for work (avoiding the whole get ready in an airport bathroom shenanigans). The only two reasons why this place isn't getting 5 stars is because 1) The gym only has three ellipicals, they are outdated and one has a TV which doesn't work (everyone else raved about the gym, maybe i just have high expectations) and 2) the room service dinner menu kind of sucks. The only thing worth getting is the vegetable quesadilla with chicken. They do have a restaurant "Ember Grill" which I have not tried (this not eating alone vow is keeping me from good food). Else, this place is phenomenal. I would stay here, walking distance to all that epicenter business but a very caring and professional staff.
2	Westin is a chain, and thus you have expectations which in this case were met: comfortable beds, good in-room coffee, and a environmentally-unfriendly but very appealing double shower head. Now, for the reasons why this hotel fails for a 4-star (Westin) hotel:1. FOOD. The restaurant (Ember, Bar 10) is a pretty terrible and relatively expensive choice. Examples: Omelet = $18, and it is greasy, tasteless, and they used canned mushrooms; Breakfast buffet (the reason I got the omelet) is typically left to become stale and lukewarm; Dinner choices are typically salty (i.e. Fattoush salad) and greasy (i.e. sandwiches and burgers). I will say that the pancakes were excellent, but they are not the best (nor do they beat Hyatt's pancakes). 2. LOCATION. While the Omni and other comparable hotels surround restaurants, shopping, and other area attractions, this hotels is 5 blocks from anywhere (even a pharmacy). Need I say more?3. SERVICE. No doorman, concierge has no good suggestion but "Try Ember," and housekeeping seems to come only when you are in your room. On housekeeping, I am also quite sure they do not even vacuum as some cracker crumbs I spilled were still there TWO days later. They also tend to forget some essential (i.e. washcloth or soap). If this were a cheap, sub-$100 per night hotel, I would manage. For Charlotte, which is not terribly in demand, this hotel should be spotless, sexy, or at least charming. It is neither, and for that reason, I suggest one try other hotels before this one.
1	I absolutely hate this place. Not for the amenities as they are undoubtedly the best in the business, but when you have a problem there is no one to help you. On my last stay I tried for several hours on an off trying to contact someone about the A/C in the room, or just for information about about some of the amenities. No answer. When I did get through to someone I was rudely told that only one person was answering the phones for the entire place. BTW, no one ever showed up to fix the air. I also have a problem with a place that wants to charge for internet access. Even the mom and pop hotels offer free in-room wifi or wired internet and with what this place charges it should be included. The last thing, you get dinged for 18.00 just to park and if you aren't careful they'll double bill you for it if you've prepaid for the room. Parking should also be included in the price of the room and if you want one of those guys at the door to park your car, pay the 25 bucks.
4	This is such an amazing property but I had to deduct one star because of the unpleasant overnight desk agent.  When I arrived she acted as if she was doing me a favor by providing the room I reserved. Everyone else in the hotel was friendly and helpful but since she was the first point of contact, her nasty demeanor put a damper on the stay. My one take away is to arrive at the hotel before the 10pm shift change to avoid her and your stay will be otherwise great.This was my 2nd visit to the hotel and would return again. In traditional Westin form, the appointments are superb, and the workout room was top notch. Note the pool is a narrow lap pool that is 3 feet deep on one end and 4 feet at the deepest. The pool area is drafty during so when it was cold, it was a bit uncomfortable. There is a massage area as well as showers and a steam room.The central location immediately off the expressway made this a convenient choice.
4	This hotel is fantastic. I won't stay any where else while on business in Charlotte. The rooms are modern, spacious and luxurious. The king size bed is exceptionally comfortable. The bathroom with the walk in shower and tub is luxurious; especially the double shower heads. Every so often, I request for an room upgrade for a treadmill in my room for convenience.The gym has an indoor pool and all the amenities for a great workout. They provide disposable earphones to connect to the personal tv monitors on each treadmill and elliptical machine. The hotel also offers in-room message service from a local spa; which I haven't tried.I love when Westin and SPG offers double and triple points. In addition, the hotel offers bonus points for green cleaning.Star reward:1) love the room comforts.2) an on premise Starbucks.3) free airline checkin.4) free room upgrades.5) additional location SPG points.Star deductions:1) the hotel bar is lacking ambiance.2) a cheesy roadhouse style bar is directly behind the property and blasts country music until 2am when rented out during Panther game nights. Make sure to ask for the high floors to get a good night sleep.3) mediocre hotel restaurant for breakfast and dinner.4) free wifi only in the lobby/lounge.
4	Rooms were nice for a reasonable price(for downtown in a big city).  Paid $119.  Bar was overpriced and nothing special.  You get a card for getting in and out of parking deck, so free parking downtown is nice.  Sanitation grade of 91.5 is kinda scary, especially when the bar up front is clean, that alone should keep you out of their restaurant ember(but there is a lot of good food close by).
2	It is amazing to me that they always seem to have a concierge on duty but they are very content to let us wait for 20 minutes to check-in or out.  I started staying here for business because I liked the design but i am constantly disappointed with the service.  It took me three tries and 10 minutes on hold to confirm my room for an additional night (all while I was running a meeting of 20 people).  The only group in that hotel that seems to have it together is the valet's.  If only it didn't take me as long to check out as to drive from the hotel to the airport.
3	I stayed here for a NASCAR weekend and found this Westin isn't the best Charlotte has to offer compared to other visits. The place lacks to meet Westin standards on so many levels but overall is a great experience. The staff here is the big swing and miss I feel since they seemingly have no clue what is going on and are grumpy. Outside of them the place is spot on but the Westin brings me a higher standard in service. My room was fantastic and had a decent view towards the NASCAR Hall of Fame. Room was clean  and spacious and the shower had dual heads (no idea what to do with them but cool). The mini fridge was poorly stocked (things were just thrown in there) which I chalked up to poor service/staffing again. The bar is a decent place to hang out and last call was around 12:00am. We ordered a few drinks so we could sit around and talk business for a while but only made it about 30 minutes until someone came and asked us to move into the main lobby. It was kind of rude and frustrating to be asked to move for cleaning when they could of cleaned around us easily or started anywhere else. The breakfast buffet was alright but not worth the money they charge you. Best service you will find in the hotel is the valet guys, they were always spot on to get our car and quick to help us out with places to eat and drink, A+ for the entrance department. The building looks like it belongs in a ward of Tokyo with a cool architecture and it's on my top places to stay in Charlotte but I really wish they would make some staff changes or train their staff meet Starwood's high standards because they do not currently.
5	Typically great Westin experience. I was able to get a room here for less than a Hampton around the corner, so I was stoked. I ended up getting to the room at 1am and was out by 7am, but it was a "heavenly" sleep!
4	Was here for the Manufacturers South Convention back in the spring this year.  Stayed 2 nights.  The biggest reason for selecting the hotel was the fact it is directly beside the convention center.  And upon arrival, it was clear this was the typical Westin experience.  This is a really fine hotel.Upon arrival, the head bellman was actually better than some bellmen at other Westins I have stayed in, and the staff professionalism continued to the check-in staff.  So that was a little surprise. The Westins near ORD, SFO, and DFW are not quite as polished in my opinion (but still good).Had a room with a view of the city center.  Which was good, because this hotel sits just on the edge of downtown and just across the interstate in the other direction are strip clubs (so the quality of community drops of pretty quick).  But toward the city it is fairly close to good dining and nightlife.  No need to bother with a car unless you're headed out to get in a round of golf.Parking fee was a bit steep, $25 per day for valet.  I think I recall $18 for self parking.  I actually ended up getting billed for both, but called and they took care of it.Very nice in hotel dining and bar, as would be expected.  The bar is quite open to the lobby lounge with high ceiling.  And the bar staff are very easy on the eyes.  Additionally, the property is fairly new, so art and architecture feel very modern.  Rooms are nicely appointed and exceptionally comfortable.I'm quite sure that when back in Charlotte I will stay here again.
4	I love this hotel. For some, it might seem too 'far' from downtown (3 blocks), but for me it's in great location. Walk to everything, including the Stadium, Convention Center, Downtown, and the Epicenter. Service is great - I would expect it! It's the Westin! From the time you get out of a scorching hot taxi (even with air conditioning on) up until the time you leave at 6 in the morning 3 days later. I haven't experience a single hiccup (except a spider in my bathtub that scared the hell out of me one night). Amenities are great:Room - 4 stars. Last time I was here, I got a room with a great walking shower bathroom. This time, it was the regular small bathroom. Last time, my friend managed to get a room with a treadmill (yes, they exist!), this time they were all sold out. I got stuck on the 6th floor, she got stuck on the fourth floor. This was an upgrade for me, as last time I was on the 4th floor as well. Ok, enough bitching. The rooms are great. Beds are called heavenly for a reason and all the condiments and towels and sheets are so fresh you feel energized be mere being in the room. Air Conditioning is a bit loud so either turn if off for the night or bring ear plugs.Gym - 5 stars. From the variety of the workout options to the gym facilities - everything screams class. Perfectomundo! Individual TV screens for every machine (bike, elliptical, treadmill) help time pass by while working out and watching "True Blood" on HBO. Hmmm. Plenty of channels to choose from, though. Sauna, showers, and the locker room are squeaky clean with plenty of extra shampoo, lotion and mouth wash.Pool - 3 stars. Even though this is a great big lap pool, it's too shallow - only 3  1/2 feet deep. I understand that they don't want kids to drown there if unattended, but come on, waist-deep pool is not very appealing to me.Ember Grill - 4 stars. I have only been here for breakfast - I can't complain, except for the prices. $18 for breakfast is a little steep. However, you can eat all you want from 6 a.m. to 10 a.m. and nobody will kick you out (not that I have done that, I swear!).Business Center - 1 star. Ok, what they call a business center is actually a 50 square foot room with 3 workstations, a printer and a fax machine. Internet is pay-per-minute, except to check in on your airline's website and print the boarding pass (which was actually all I needed from the Business Center). However, for travelers who actually need a business center - better bring the laptop and stay in your room with $12.95/day internet service.Airport Transportation - 5 stars. Checking out at 4 a.m.? Take advantage of the flat rate towncar that will take you directly to the airport. Air-conditioned bliss!Ok, let's summarize: I would give this hotel a solid 4 stars and would definitely stay here again. Not because I have to, but because I loved it twice!
4	They must have read my review. Since my last visit, they remodeled the hotel bar and improved the seating capacity. The hotel restaurant menu was revamped and now offer an all-you-can-eat cold or hot breakfast with over 20 items to choose from. Much much better!Also, several towncars and SUVs waiting outside to take you to the airport for a similar flat rate as a cab but far more roomy and stylish.
5	How can you go wrong with Heavenly Bed and Heavenly Baths? I loved this place!!! If only I could afford to stay here again!
4	Stayed here for a few weeks and enjoyed my time for the most part.  Cons are that it is expensive and gets very busy sometimes being so connected with the convention center.  There is often something crazy going on.  Garage parking is steep and they also charge for in-room internet unless you have a certain preferred status level.Pros are the location in Uptown (easily walkable to many eateries and sundries), awesome views, comfortable beds, great gym with pool, and the in-hotel restaurant, Ember Grille, which is pretty good.  Easily one of the top hotels in Charlotte, though we are limited in our options!
3	Nice rooms but thin walls.  Very helpful staff.  Close to the new Mint Museum and Nascar Hall of Fame.  Close walking distance to downtown activities.  Charlotte was a ghost town on the weekend days!
1	First, let me say that I travel frequently both domestically and internationally and have stayed in a variety of hotels. This is the first time I feel compelled to write a bad review. The hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible.  Bathroom had hair on the floor and smudges still on the mirror. I left a New Tempur-Pedic pillow in the room and called the hotel to recover it. Each time I was transfered  to the security desk and they requested I call back later and see if housekeeping had turned the pillow in. After about 5 or 6 calls they did say they found the pillow and I had to give my credit card info to get it shipped to me.  It was not my pillow.  I called management and received a curt response that they would refund the shipping charges. (but they have still not done this 3 weeks later). I can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service. I will never stay here again.
3	Ok but not fabulous-decor in room was bland.  Quiet with all the things a business traveler could want including business center where you can print out your boarding pass for free.  Great view of uptown and very comfortable beds.
4	Beautiful lounge downstairs that doubles as a lobby/workspace and hotel bar. Great place to work, wait for someone, or hang out for a drink (my work team definitely had to do all three). The rooms were extremely nice as well with amenities (fridge and iron, essential for a work hotel room). This location is completely walkable to the rest of the downtown area. They also sometimes have flavored ice water in the lobby which was a nice touch. My only complaint was how overpriced breakfast was (the hotel bar was a bit overpriced, but not exceedingly so). $10 for an English muffin and a coffee? However, our server was very friendly and attentive -  and they also give you your coffee in a to go cup after you finish your sit down breakfast. Nothing like 3 cups of coffee and a spare before you get to a conference.
4	I'm in a pretty unique position to write this review as I have a law school friend who stays here almost every weekend and the wife and I meet up with him most times.  I've seen about 10-15 different rooms and we've hung out in the lobby spaces extensively, especially since we tend to start our runs from here on Sundays.I'm a big fan of this Westin.  As others have mentioned, the lounge is very modern and chic, lots of marble and a really cool Zen fountain running the length of the bar seating area.  The conference rooms are also on two separate floors adjacent to the lobby- great for easy access and they have separate elevator service that runs straight down into the parking garage.The restaurant downstairs does a really mean breakfast buffet and their lunch menu is far from an after-thought- tasty grilled flatbreads.The rooms are what you expect in any newer Westin- heavenly bed with mainly modern style furniture- clean lines and neutral earth tone colors.  Bathrooms are done in marble with large mirrors and glass enclosed showers.  Here's a hint for you- try to get a room or suite on the ends of the hallways- the showers have an extra window that looks out onto uptown- but the tinted glass makes sure others don't see in.  The square footage in these bathrooms is also quite a bit bigger than a standard room.I also like the views from any of the upper floors of this hotel.  Due to it's location on the edge of the uptown sky scrapers, rooms that face town have a great ariel view of uptown and/or Panthers Stadium.  But even the rooms facing the opposite direction look out towards the light rail line and South End- on clear days you can see out to Carowinds at the state line.  Really no terrible views here.My only downgrade here is for the weekend crowds that flock into this hotel.  Interesting people watching, to say the least, but the circular driveway gets way too crowded at times and entry/exit becomes a  game of trying to move the puzzle pieces around until it all fits.  Parking is also quite expensive unless you have elite status here, but then that's pretty much anywhere in uptown.Expect larger crowds for the bigger conventions in town as this hotel is literally across the street from the convention center.  Convenient for guests but a slight traffic headache.
4	We stay here when we attend Panther games....all I can say is I love this hotel, the bar, the beds, even the workout center.  The beds are the best...how good is the bed here...I actually ordered one for my  home.  The staff is aways wonderful & has such great suggestions for places to eat and things to see.  My only complaint is parking- every visit we have issues with the self-park as the parking pass always has some issue.  Also, the driveway can get a bit crowded when trying to pick up, drop off or just get into the self-park area.   During our last visit,  Michael Jordan was staying here.  The hotel staff parked his car in the drive next to the bellman, so it could be watched around the clock, which made the small driveway to pick up & drop off guests even smaller.  Easy walk to the stadium, nice small gym, but $10 a day to use it. Wonderful bar, good on site dining and a very nice lobby.  All in all I look forward to staying here.
4	Exactly what you would expect from a Westin property. Nice decor, rooms are up to date, good location.The lobby bar in a little unique with the waterfall thing.  I don't know how close the uptown restaurants are from a walking perspective but a nice place to stay and have a meeting.
3	Downtown.close to the airport and directly across the street from the Convention center.
4	Like this Westin better than any I've stayed in. Lobby area is a large open space that gives me a travler-friendly feeling. Staff was over the top helpful and always friendly. Breakfast buffet was really nice each morning and bar area in the lobby was very modern and a nice place to relax. I found the rooms to a nice size, very clean and comfortable. This hotels proximity to the convention center was a tremendous plus. Only down side was the driveway and parking costs. Certainly goes on my lists of "go to" hotels when in the area.
4	Like most other Westins, the decor is very nice, and rooms are spacious and full of amenities. The bar and the restaurant is pretty good. Location is in  downtown, but certainly on the edge of town.Deducting one star since they don't have a platinum/concierge lounge.
1	You had to pay $15 per day for Internet access.  The beds were uncomfortable.  The room keys did not work in the parking garage even though they claimed to fix them twice.  The bar us hideously overpriced.Want a sode in the middle of the night?  Gotta buy it from the gift store before it closes.  1 coke = $300.  I will NEVER be back.
2	My recommendation? DO NOT STAY HERE if you have a choice. Depressing atmosphere and the staff is predominantly untrained and non-English-speaking. Room service extraordinarily expensive, e.g., $14 plus $6 delivery fee plus 21% mandatory gratuity for a bowl of oatmeal which would then cost about $24 without a glass of juice or even an egg! To add insult to injury, the only restaurant  in the hotel sucks. No ambiance and food is inferior and unhealthy. No concierge. If you need to take a cab to find a meal, the hotel bilks you on taxicabs. When doorman got  us a cab, it cost $7 plus a tip. For the same ride back to this awful hotel it was only $4 plus tip, without the hotel's ASS-istance!! The Hilton would probably have been better or perhaps ANY of the other hotels. Only reason I gave it two stars is because the gym and locker room were fine.
4	Pros: Super comfy beds and nice amenities like Starbucks coffee in the room. Cons- room did not have a hair dryer, we had a room for four people but were only provided towels for two.
3	Stayed here almost every week for about 8 months and it's your typical Westin. The doormen when you're entering and leaving are a bit annoyingly intrusive at times and the front desk staff, while pretty good generally, don't really remember you - except there are 2-3 who are quite great.The reason why I give it 3-stars is that this is like a conference hotel - so many types of groups flow in and out every week that the hotel seems a bit over-used, though you don't really see too much wear-and-tear.Location:About a 10-15 minute walk from uptown epicenter and at night you have to walk by a few shady homeless people to get back. Hyatt, Hilton, St. Regis, and Aloft seem to be much better bets when it comes to location.Rooms:Standard Westin rooms with the white tea scented soaps/shampoos and Starbucks coffee packs - nothing too extraordinary or exciting. Gym:Really good in terms of both cardio and weights. This is one of the best parts of the hotel. Overall, nothing impressive or unimpressive. It pretty much meets your expectations of a Westin. Just a bit too many conference attenders pouring in and out every week.
1	Don't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler. The Internet is awful and they don't support iPhone or iPad So many better options around
4	I had a tremendously positive experience at this Westin (the 12th-ish or so I've stayed at this year).  - Beautiful, very new-seeming property- Great location pretty close to anything you'll need- Reasonable prices on self-parking- Excellent service- Extremely clean, well-kept and comfy space (I was on the 22nd floor...so I suppose I can only speak for it)- Upgraded to a corner suite that was amazing---very well appointed, functional and comfortableAgain, this is my 12th or so Westin stay this year---and it has been the best of all of those.
2	I stayed three nights at the Westin with a group for a conference. The staff was courteous in all of my interactions with them, which were few.  The room was tiny for the amount of money that we were paying, but it was clean. I was a bit upset that their website advertised in-room refrigerators, but the only fridge was the mini-bar which required a hotel staffer to open (and which was labelled as being 'not for guest items'). Having specific dietary requirements, I had planned on using the fridge to purchase small items that i could snack on during the conference that I was attending.  I was also extremely upset at the cost of the dining options at the Westin, as well as the charges for *every* service that they offered.  This hotel was a bit of a splurge for me, even sharing it with some friends.  Two cups of coffee per room per day, extras can be purchased.  Internet (slow!) only available in the lobby, in-room you have to pay for it.  Ridiculous charges for room service, and the cost of the food itself was astronomical!  NINE DOLLARS for a bowl of oatmeal in the morning, or $20 if you wanted the breakfast buffet.  I would have been happy to pay $10-$15 for the breakfast bar, but $20 is way too much even for a 'resort' hotel.  Next time a conference I'm attending is in Charlotte, I'll be looking at other properties in close proximity to the conference center or staying further out and riding the train in.
4	I was impressed with this place. Though busy for a wedding, they said they had open rooms on the top floor and were happy to move me "for a better view." Well done! I had a beautiful, large room on one of the top floors with a city view. Very clean, spacious, with a ridiculously comfortable bed and muscle-melting shower. Paying for internet did kind of suck. Parking garage was a bit confusing. But small details. I was passing through on a long drive and I was able to rest and relax quite nicely here. If I had the extra time, I would've stayed another day. The staff was always courteous. The following morning, one of the follow guests suffered a seizure on the hotel lobby and the matter was handled quite calmly and professionally by the staff. Kudos all around!
1	This hotel is so swanky! It looks so cool outside with their chic building design, concierge service, and a lot of the amenities you'd expect from such an establishment. So why the low rating? I'll elaborate!The positives? My room on the 25th floor had a pretty cool view. The beds are super comfy and fluffy. The rest of the room is just okay. The room and bath I'll be nice and call cozy. There's free wifi, the ubiquitous minibar with astonishing prices, and a nice breakfast.Here's the bad points. Staying here treats you to surly employees that don't even look at you when answering a question. I mean seriously why you gotta be so mean to me after I checked out?! I asked if I could get my parking validated since I didn't have a room key to get out for free anymore, and parking is some ridiculous price of about $7 per hour. So preoccupied with his little computer screen he was that he didn't even look at me and waved me off with a we don't validate parking here, pay the machine on your way out. Seriously? I know I look a bit young and my clothes were kinda grungy when I left but the housekeeping when I first got here was nicer to me than you were. At least she made sure I got to where I was going when I was looking a bit lost.So I ended up paying the parking fee of $7, but I think I'll be heading to the Ritz Carlton in the future where I'm sure they'll at least treat me with some modicum of respect instead of treating me like I came in off the street begging for some change.
4	Stayed here for about 3 days since there was a conference going on.I would say it is in a pretty nice location.  Located at the end of Uptown (?), I did walk up Tryon and College St. a bit to check out the rest of the Uptown area, and it was no more than 10-15 minutes walking to the different restaurants.For a Westin, it is one of the newer ones I've been to.  Westin really knows how to design their lobby and create a spacious setting.  The lobby is relaxed and oddly welcoming, which you can't really say about a lot of hotels.The staff was courteous and we checked in with no problem.  The rooms were a nice surprise as it is fairly spacious.  All the usual amenities are there, such as internet, LCD TV etc, and who doesn't love the Heavenly bed and the shower heads??  Although one thing I didn't like was definitely the lack of a mini-fridge.  They only had the mini-bar fridge and you have to request a key to unlock it.  Even after you do unlock it, there's no room for you to put anything there, and I was too afraid of getting charged if anything was moved.Internet does cost around $13 a night, which is fairly high, but at this point, I've accepted the charges for internet is an expense I will be paying.The gym at this Westin is amazing.  The gym is connected to the pool with a "refresh area" after you swim.  The gym itself is quite big, especially for hotel standards!  Bikes, elliptical, plenty of treadmills, and a few weight-training machines.  All the cardio machines have their own TV and if you have your headphones, you can just plug it in.  Even if you don't have headphones, they have disposable headphones there that you can use for free!  They also provide fresh towels, as well as water dispensers.  I definitely took advantage of the gym while I stayed there.As for the conference space, it does a pretty good job, with plenty of meeting rooms and ballrooms.  Of course, the conference i was attending only had several hundred of people, which isn't that big for a conference.  Caterting was done right near the escalators.I didn't eat the restaurants on location since most of the meals were taken care of by the conference but I did check it price... and I would definitely venture out and explore the city a bit.  For the same price, I could probably check out a nice steakhouse around the area.Would definitely try to stay here again next time if I'm able to visit Charlotte again!
2	I've been to better Sheratons and what hotel sends staff to knock on the door at 8:30pm telling me that I'm playing my banjo too loudly.  Never happened before and I'm in the thick of bluegrass country.
3	I really looked forward to writing a good review based on my first initial impression, but sadly, I cannot.The architecture is beautiful inside & out.  The rooms are comfortable & modern & OH MY - the beds & pillows. I wanted to secretly haul them out with me & bring them home. Nice flat screen TV's, a mini bar, nice room service offerings, beautiful views, & double shower heads in the shower. Radio with iPod dock. Location of the hotel to downtown is perfect. These all deserve 5 stars.Now for the bad. :( Paying to park - we were there from 9 PM December 31st - 10:45 AM January 1st. Our parking debt was $18, which was already billed on our check out summary. Paid internet - $12.95 for like 3 MB. Seriously?! And here is a rundown of our New Year's Eve: We had somewhat prepared ourselves for loud activity around 2 / 3 AM; however, we were not prepared for 2 straight hours of our "next door neighbor" playing an acoustic guitar, having guests coming & going slamming the door, & loud talking outside our door / through the wall.  We endured 30 minutes prior to making the first call to the front desk, asking for someone to contact this guest.  The employee stated she would send someone from security up.  A few minutes later, the guitar music briefly stopped.  However, it started up again soon after. Again, we called down to the front desk, explained the issue at hand, & was given the same response. The music continued.  Around 4:15, my boyfriend got out of bed, went downstairs & pleaded for some assistance.  Again, he was told that security would come.  No one came.  Around 4:30 / 4:45 AM, he called the front desk again & was told the issue was "pending & that meant it was taken care of". Unfortunately, "pending" in normal circumstances does not mean "taken care of".  My boyfriend waited at our door to ensure someone was in fact coming to handle this noise complaint.  Finally at around 5 AM, security came, knocked on their door & asked them to "keep it down". It was at that point, there was silence.Was it necessary we had to go through all this?  Therefore, my perfect NYE hopes did not end on a high note.
4	This is a good hotel to stay in when you are at Charlotte, the only bad thing about this hotel is that they don't have complimentary breakfast (however that seems to be pretty standard now for the nicer hotels). We were on one of the higher floors and the view was great. The linen was clean and the staff was friendly.The location was also very walking friendly for all your downtown exploration needs.The hotel park is very expensive - $18/nt. I recommend going around the corner, there's a $6 parking garage you can park in during nights and weekends.
5	I love attending events at The Westin Charlotte.  The staff members are always attentive and courteous.  Today, parking was included with the event so that made it even better!  Lunch (baked chicken, mashed potatoes and green beans) was quite tasty and the event (Goodwill Cornerstone Luncheon) was fabulous, as always.  I continue to receive inspiration from the Good Works recipients.Let me say that once the luncheon was over, getting TO the parking garage was quite a task (slow elevators or walking the ramps with the exiting cars), then getting OUT of the garage was an extremely slow process.  BEWARE!  Had it not been for Speed Week, I would have parked elsewhere.NOTE:  I am unable to check in at The Westin.  Yelp says I am 13 miles away...
3	stayed here for less than 18 hours, so I really can't justify giving it more stars.  nothing spectacular, but nothing offensivethe bed was comfy, the room was fine.  I was attending a meeting & the food was not very good- but that could be because of what was ordered.  vegan options were slim to none (even the granola bars they had a snack were dairy & they could not find soy milk for coffee, WTF?)I do have to say they have a GREAT gym- huge with lots of equipment & space.
3	Stayed here while working the NASCAR race at the nearby Charlotte Motor Speedway. I'm glad the room was paid for by the company, as I don't feel like it was really a $170/night room. There wasn't anything wrong, particularly, but it wasn't "all that" either. The gym and pool looked decent. The bed was very, very comfy. Food (including room service) was WAY over-priced. The location right downtown, near the convention center is great. I would suggest taking a walk over to Brevard Court, near Church street to hit the little alley of bars and restaurants. They've got great atmosphere and reasonable prices (The Belfast and Valhalla in particular).
3	Heavenly Bed.  Nuff said
4	Spent 3 days at event. Room was comfortable. Bed was restful. Staff was very professional! Very helpful and ready to solve any issue. Oh, ask for Pattie in lobby bar. What a hoot! Loads of fun!In short, good experience, great food at Embers Restaurant and nice room.
4	The Westin is your standard business traveler hotel in your standard business traveler city, (which is about as warm and fuzzy as I can get about the stepford city of Charlotte).  It has some really great aspects to it, and some less great aspects:Good.  Great.  Grand, even.1.  The fitness facility has a "club" feel with its low light, and has a good variety of equipment, ample mats, weighted balls, and stability balls.  What it's missing is a good machine for lats, but other than that, it's better than most hotel gyms.2.  That darn bed is so comfortable I can't even stand it.3.  Catering services from the hotel and their meeting space is well-supported, and well-done.  Not so good.  Troubling.  Odd.1.  There's a phenomenon out there called "sensory branding," and one of the ways to engage a customer's senses to get them to remember your brand is via smell, so the hallways are piped with smell.  A horrible, putrid, over-the-top, overpowering lavender-y spell is that so perfurme-y and strong that I literally coughed all the way down the hall to my room.  Having this be your welcome to your room?  I think not.  I held my breath the rest of the week.  2.  The service in the lounge of the hotel is virtually nonexistent.  You'll see your cocktail server every 30 to 40 minutes.  This has been consistent through three different visits to the hotel and its lounge.3.  The person who checked me in assured me of a great view.  The roof of the convention center is not/was not/will never be that.(WiFi is free for Starwood Preferred Guest members, paid for others)
3	I'm giving this 3 stars because of the nice modern decor, and because of the fact that they always called us by our names when we called the front desk (I'm a sucker for that kind of thing).We were in town for a comic book convention, so we got a rate of $119 per night. This still seems expensive, but it was a popular weekend so we didn't shop around much more.The wait for the elevators was ridiculous! I guess that there's not much that can be done about such a thing, but waiting for 10 minutes at a time because every elevator that stops is FULL TO THE BRIM with people was annoying. At once point, my husband took the stairs back to our room WHICH WAS ON THE ELEVENTH FLOOR after visiting the Starbucks in the lobby. Oh, and it's not a full Starbucks so they didn't even have iced coffee...???The room was nice- we were on the end of a hallway, which I had heard was good because of the views and tons of windows. There were a ton of windows, but they overlooked construction and highways. Meh. The shower/bathtub situation was pretty awesome, also with tons of windows (there were shades, if you wished to pull them down!). There seemed to be no fan in the bathroom, though, which surprised me. Also, there was a burnt out bulb in the bathroom, right near the magnifying mirror; when we called down to the front desk to have it replaced they said it would take them a while...and it did. Also, this is a small thing, but they put lotion in the shower instead of shampoo (next to the conditioner). So I washed my hair with lotion. Yeah.We visited the bar on Saturday night between 10 and 11 and it was insane. It took us 40 minutes to get a drink, which we expected, but people behind us were being served first! I guess that's our fault for not being savvy enough to know how to get served in bars? Also, one bartender with red curly hair was making drinks kind of ridiculously- packing more ice in when she ran out of something and choosing things at random to pour in the glasses. We were glad the the person who finally served us (our overpriced cocktails) seemed to be measuring a little more carefully.A few more details: Parking is $18 and they bill it to your room; pretty standard for a downtown Charlotte hotel, but not exactly a welcome charge on your bill. The pool is inside. Someone on Yelp said that there is a rooftop bar at the Westin, but they must have gotten rid of it because we were told there was no such thing when we asked.In conclusion, I think I prefer the Courtyard Marriot a few blocks over, on Tryon. The location is a little better, the rooms a little cheaper, and the pool is outdoors (on a rooftop!).
4	There is a lot to like about this place. The amenities are very good. Starbucks in the bedroom, flat screen TV, a bed that's probably more comfortable than your own, clean bathrooms with toiletries you want to stuff into your bag each night, etc.The only downside is this sneaking feeling that almost everything costs just a little bit extra. It seems ridiculous. You could go to a cheaper, less good hotel, and all the amenities and perks are complimentary. But here, at the Westin, it seems, if they don't get you in the wash, then they'll get you in the rinse. So far the only thing "complimentary" here seems to be the workout center.So drop the cash and enjoy the comfort, just don't think about dropping the cash until after your stay.
4	Hubby and I like to hang out in Charlotte on the weekends, and this is definately a great hotel. If you want to relax - it is suitable, but if you want to people watch and have a great drink - the lounge works too! The rooms are always the same -  clean, cool and with a descent view of the Queen City! I have called ahead, and booked through the reservations line - and this is the only complaint I have. One time I visited, they did not have my reservation on file. The front desk obviously does not share the information that the main booking line has. They had actually reserved a room in Columbia, SC in error - then charged us for not showing up !? Everything was resolved a week later so we got over it! Also, if you stop in the bar on the way out, or just chill down there to enjoy the view -- you just might run into a celebrity. I refuse to name drop, but we have spotted a couple of celebrities there, and they are usually pretty friendly !
4	Beautiful view from the room and the BATHROOM !!!!Staff was very helpful, Rooms clean - Embers restaurant food good but limited menu. All week the ice machine on floor 23 and 24 did not work. Called front desk but problem was never fixed - the whole week. Also they working on the pool deck area so we could not go out and relax on the deck on some of the most awesome sunny days.The maids did and awesome job every day !
5	I love Starwood brand hotels.  This Westin is a very well run hotel.  I have stayed here several times for business. The service is excellent.  The rooms well done. The catering is outstanding.  The restaurants and bars are well done. The location is ok with a quick walk to the heart of Charlotte.  Stay here you won't be disappointed.
4	Great location especially if in town for a Panthers games. Clean rooms, comfy beds and nice staff. Late night lounge / bar scene is pretty good as well. Been here about 10 times and I'll come back again.
4	Great hotel. Bed was comfy, room clean and the bar relaxing. Kudos to Brian (front desk) and Jarrell at the bar - great staff! The view from our 25th floor was fantastic. Would definitely stay again!
1	I went to an event lasy night at the Westin Hotel,  its a yearly event that has been hosted at the westin for years.  This year was smaller than the past due I think mostly because people are not happy with the continued issues of under staffing at the bar.  It took about 30 min to get a drink, and once again they ran out of vodka.  I would think because of past experiences with this group they would be better prepared.  There was so much lost revenue, last night because I saw a lot of people including my group that just left and went elsewhere to get a drink.The main bathroom off the lobby was one of the most disgusting I have encountered.  one stall was roped off with no toilet at all,  there was  a broken bottle in the other shattered all over the floor, no towels, and one had overflowed.  Wouldnt you think they would have an attendant check on the bathroom on occasion.My recemendation is step it up Westin,  I assure you I wont be back unless you do..I hope this group considers another venue, want that wants the business, as it seems the westin is not interested..
2	I wanted to give it three stars because the lobby was so great, the bar and bar staff were awesome and the beds were comfortable enough. But for the rate that we paid the cleanliness of our hotel room was unacceptable. There was a massive stain in the middle of the floor and left over beverages from the last occupants, and a stain on the comforter. Big disappointment...try the Hilton.
3	I've been staying in SPG properties for the better part of my time on the road, almost weekly for 10 years.  While I expect the room rates to vary based on location, brand, etc... I am always shocked by the varying price of additional services at Westin properties.  Parking at this hotel is a virtual deal breaker at over $20/night.  The hotel itself is very nice, with solid amenities; however, is a bit isolated from any restaurants or stores to grab something quick.  As a result, the hotel charges for room service border on absurd.  An omelette w/ OJ will run you around $35 by the time they are done over charging for eggs and cheese, plus a service fee, plus 18% forced gratuity, plus whatever other fees are required.  The gym is outstanding, as far as hotel gyms generally go, though a whirlpool would have been a nice addition.  The rooms are comfortable, clean, and generally sheltered from noise.  I stay here weekly due to the proximity to my client, but I do so reluctantly.  I'd consider giving this hotel 4, perhaps even 5 stars, if I didn't feel fleeced every time I ordered something to the room or parked my car.
5	Stayed here for business.  Really enjoyed it.  Very relaxing and clean.  The staff was very nice.  The breakfast was great too for room service.  Highly recommend
4	In Charlotte for  conference.  Everyone has been incredibly nice, and helpful.  Good location. Walking distance to other hotels, shopping and dining.  Next door to Charleston Convention Center.
4	clean room, nice work out facility, convenient location to the convention center
1	Okay, from a distance this looks like a nice hotel. But Its definitely not worth the money. The pool is made from the same material as a shower in a mobile home. Its long(ish) and not wide, with its deepest point at 4 ft. The other half of the pool is 3 feet, so you can't swim laps unless you want to hit the bottom. The fitness center lacks a fan, so working out gets too hot. The room itself has a nice view but seriously all it is is a bed and a shower. There's nothing all that nice about this $300/night room. There is nothing included: no breakfast, no drinks, a water bottle in the room costs $4, internet for ONE device is $12/day. With that price, Id expect much much more. I feel like I should only be spending maybe $100. The only reason why they get away with this price is because its conveniently located next to the convention center. Otherwise, I will never stay at this place. They nickel and dime you everywhere you turn!
4	My husband and I were here for a wedding and it happened to be the same weekend as the Coke a Cola 600. So, there were a ton of people and we were always greeted with a smile and even given an early checkin and late check out. Our room had an amazing view of downtown, but I did notice that the comforter was not clean. I'm hoping it was a coffee stain. Minus that everything was up to par and would live to stay here again.
2	There are much better choices in uptown Charlotte!  Let me start with the good...the front desk staff. The three people who assisted me at the front desk were extremely friendly and helpful. Great customer service!Now the bad...stains. There is no other way to describe everything in my room. Multiple stains on the carpeting and the comforter. The bathrobe hanging on the back of the bathroom door had a huge brown stain on the sleeve that I kept telling myself was makeup from the last occupant. Every, yes every, bath towel had a stain (either black or yellow). There was stained grout behind the toilet like it had leaked sometime in the past. Even the shower curtain was stained. Then there was the hair dryer. It was sooooo sticky that I didn't even want to touch it. It appeared to be covered in about 15 years worth of cheap hairspray. I can appreciate that the hotel is getting older and may need a renovation soon, but come on people!  How about you splurge and replace your bath towels and hair dryers now!  Let me be clear that I think the cleaning staff is doing the best they can with what they have been given. They just need a better starting product!
3	Westins have the best bed linens...my room was a little too hot for me...air set to 64 and was still a bit warm.  Otherwise, very nice place.
5	I am only giving them a 5 because of the service I received.  I have stayed here before and the rooms are always great and this time I unfortunately got a room that must have had a party in it.  Stains on the carpet and the walls were damaged and marked up.
4	So I've stayed at this hotel several times now.  I really enjoy the convenient location to the light rail.  There are several good local spots to eat at just off the light rail's route.  The breakfast Buffett in the lobby is expensive, but pretty good.  I've had drinks at the bar down stairs, and let me tell you that you'll be paying full price for under poured cocktails.  I've never had an issue with the staff.  They've always been helpful and friendly.  They have a car service available out front, so you can roll in style, for a price.  If you have the extra cash, not a bad spot to stay.
4	We always stay here when in Charlotte. I've always had a clean king room and friendly, efficient service. Full service Starbucks coffee downstairs in the lobby. The room has free Starbucks medium roast coffee, with coffee maker in your room. A mini fridge and safe are built into the dresser the TV sits on.There's a make-up mirror, hair dryer, iron and ironing board in the room too. They have a good breakfast buffet in Embers. It's a bit pricy though. Having the affordable light rail (it's NOT FREE) right behind the hotel is VERY Convenient too. You won't have to take a taxi to get to the Time Warner cable arena. But if you need a ride they offer towncar service out of the hotel for a decent rate. There's convention space in the hotel and the Charlotte convention center is right next door. Be sure to sign up for the SPG rewards so you can earn a free night at an SPG property.
5	Great Stay During Business Travel in Sept 2013Clean, modern, comfortable bed, good gym, indoor pool, two bars, a Starbucks in the lobby, and great downtown location.Side Note, the architect of this building is very cool.
3	I've actually been here at least 3 or 4 times now and it's fine. It's a Westin. Pretty consistent as a chain in my opinion. Been to about half a dozen now and they all seem to match up pretty evenly more or less. A solid option before you leap up the prices to luxury status. That said, if you're curious about the nicer Westins, I would say that perhaps the nicest I've seen is the one in Minneapolis. After that, Boston.
4	I am writing this after my horrible Omni experience because now I appreciate my experience here even more. The staff are great and I had a very wonderful experience. I didn't get that intrusive uncomfortable feeling like I did at the Omni. The room was very modern and their electronics were up to date including the ipod deck and the mini bar. The room was CLEAN and large just like the bathroom. And the view from the large windows was beautiful.
4	An architectural site, this is one of the better Westin's.Pros:Great restaurant, food is creative and tastyLocation in the middle of downtown CharlotteGreat for the priceCons:Rooms a little bit on the smaller sideOverall, a great stay
4	Stayed here for a week for a conference in town, and it was like home away from home. I had a very comfortable stay. Location was great. I was able to walk around the downtown area with no problem. The restaurant on the first floor was very good, and I ended up eating there almost every night. That, and also I couldn't really find other "healthier" options in walking distance. The bartenders at the restaurant/bar were also very nice. One bartender in particular (and I forgot his name, sorry), on my last night of stay, gave me free drinks, which was very kind of him.  The gym was clean and spacious, and also empty most of the time, which I loved. The wireless internet, on the other hand, was unnecessarily expensive ($15 per day? WHY??) and slow. I used their room service for breakfast twice (I was feeling lazy)- also tasty and you can find "healthier" options on the menu. Their Starbucks in the lobby, however, was closed a lot of times, and the closest coffee place was about five blocks away, which was a bummer..But all in all, if I ever make it back to Charlotte again, I would most likely stay at the Westin again.
4	Clean hotel, friendly staff, good location to get around when visiting for work and the hotel bar is a nice place to grab a drink after a long day.
2	I've stayed here for four years in a row and this go around have noticed a serious decline in service and quality.  There was only one employee available to check people in and after a full day I waited 30 minutes to check in.  As a result, I didn't have time to go up to the room before leaving for dinner.  They said that my bags would be delivered to my room but when I got back at 10:30 p.m., ready to collapse, they were no where to be found.There was standing water in the tub and the shower head was only partially working.  Not the kind of experience I expect from a hotel where there are additional fees for everything - I'm talking $15 for one day of parking!  I have high standards for this place since my previous stays have been great.  Why are you slacking Westin Charlotte?
3	It's the Westin! It's Uptown! I just KNEW I was going to be amazed....and I was not. Perhaps my expectations were just wayyyy to high. But for me everything was just very blah. The staff were all pleasant enough, but they didn't go out of their way to make our stay more enjoyable.The rooms were fine. But I wasn't impressed with anything except for the beds. Those things are super fluffy and comfortable. I do have to give them kudos for the views...especially at night. However, I'm a fan just yet. I'll give them another try...but I'm not really in a hurry.
4	Great place. Accommodating and the staff was awesomeI had an incident yesterday. They had some sort of rapper or hip hop artist staying in the room next to mine. They were being loud, a lot of cursing and shouting, many doors brig slammed. And this occurred in the room (which was next to mine) and in the hallway. It went on until late at night (4 am)I felt unsafe and not comfortable calling security. I should. Retaliation was my main concern. I expressed my discontent this morning and manager gave me the possibility if late check out, which was nice considering my flight is schedule to depart at 6 pm. All and all it was good, however I would recommend to ANY hotel that have guests that are prone to kiss behave and not obey the rules to either NOT have anyone stay in t contiguous room (or on the floor at all) or to warn them prior to checking them in.
4	Fantastic views from the suites were a highlight for us here, as were the comfy beds.  The rooms aren't huge, but they don't really need to be.  Staff was courteous and helpful throughout.  Prices can be a little high, but given the location they aren't outrageous.
4	Friendly staff. Super comfy bed. Awesome shower head. Can't go wrong. Unfortunately, wifi isn't free, so plan accordingly. Within walking distance most downtown happenings. Appreciated the town car service. I mean, who doesn't like rolling up in a black Escalade. Drivers were friendly too and offered Charlotte-centric tips.
4	I love this hotel.  Love love love.  I stayed years ago for business and was impressed and recently stayed for a wedding weekend and was not let down.  The staff was super nice, the car service was prompt, our room was nice and the location is great.  My only complaint was the A/C in our room was acting really wacky and not coming on and the drinks at the bar (which the patio is a great area outside to relax) were kinda pricey.
4	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for a night this weekend, and overall we had a pretty great experience. But for the money, I'm pretty sure that's expected, we just aren't used to places this nice :-PFor what it's worth though, the beds were great, the room was clean and well kept, and we had pretty much everything we could have wanted there except for a microwave. The staff was very friendly as well.The only real downside to this place is that everything is expensive. Not just the room, but parking was $18/day, and even to rent a movie was expensive ('Gravity' was going for $16!).So if you've got the money to do it, it was a beautiful hotel, just don't forget that the room is only the start of the cost.
4	One word "heavenly" beds. Need I say more. I'm a fan of Westin everywhere I travel. The beds alone make it a good stay. This location is ideal, right in the city center. Walking distance from EpiCenter and far enough away from the noise.This Westin was as expected. The staff were friendly, but as another yelper stated. They didn't go out of there way. Being a SPG gold member, we were put in a superior king room. The view of the city was amazing from the room.
5	Need a place in Charlotte to get black out drunk without fear of waking up missing vital organs? Than the Westin Charlotte is the place for you. Was witness to an amateur drunk who passed out. Rather than doing the typical bounce and toss the staff gave genuine care and concern to the help him through the this moment of self reflection. One employee went so far as to ice his neck in hope to help him sober up, if nothing else at least remeber his name. Even when the EMTs arrived and drunk punches were thrown the staff stood stoically ready to show their support for their customer. So, it became a dinner and a show. Five stars.  NERD RAGE!
5	Really enjoyed this place during a conference at the hotel for 600+ people.  Nice upscale appearance, very accommodating staff, and great breakfast and lunches for a big crowd all were reasons for my satisfaction.  Lastly, I requested and received a room with a "roll-in" shower to assist me with a chronic back problem.  That plus the comfortable bed minimized my back discomfort during the meeting.  BTW, special group parking rates and room rates were a great value added factor!  Great place for a meeting.  Just one more thing, you can get takeout from the restaurant if you want to get around the in room fees for dining.
4	A beautiful hotel with accommodating staff and good amenities. The catering is splendid. The food is fresh and REALLY good! I don't need to say anymore than what has been said about the beds. Just the best there is. Bathrooms are modern and clean. Charlotte's beauty can be seen out my window. Stay here!
4	***The Westin Charlotte has a great location in Downtown Charlotte (within walking distance to so many key Charlotte attractions) and the hotel is contemporary and comfortable***While I mostly stay at Marriott hotels, Westin hotels (of Starwood) are nice and typically more contemporary than Marriotts.  Westin hotels are also known for their comfortable beds though I personally do not notice much of a difference compared to Marriotts.  The Westin in Downtown Charlotte definitely delivered on Westin's contemporary image and comfortable rooms.The rooms are not incredibly modern, but they are contemporary and have a simple and good neutral color scheme.  The design is definitely a notch above a lot of Marriotts that often feature an unappealing color scheme and ugly carpets.  The bed at this Westin was comfortable--excellent linen too and a comfortable room temperature.  The bathroom had a great look and featured a rainfall showerhead.  While I do not have status with Starwood, I did like the nice touch of two complimentary bottles of water with each night (it seems every Starwood member, even non-elite members, enjoy this benefit).This Westin also has a great location.  It is right on College, which leads to several Downtown Charlotte restaurants and even some of Charlotte's nightlife like a dance club and a dueling piano bar.  This Westin is also within walking distance to several key Charlotte attractions including a minor league baseball stadium, the Carolina Panthers (NFL) stadium, the Charlotte Bobcats (NBA) arena, and the NASCAR Hall of Fame.The fitness center was big and had several machines.The lobby was nice too.  It was spacious and there were several sitting areas if you are waiting for someone.I tried a little bit of their catering for a nightly event in their restaurant as well as in one of their banquet rooms for breakfast.  The food was definitely subpar for a Westin.  A lot of it was due to poor preparation and the effects of having buffet style food as the scrambled eggs were not that fluffy, the waffles were very soft and the flatbread was limp (it had definitely been sitting around for too long).Service throughout the hotel was friendly though I felt that housekeeping was a tad slow to service my room on some days.Prices are high, but the hotel is nice and the location is very convenient.For travelers looking to explore Downtown Charlotte, this Westin is a great option.  The rooms are nice and the location is near perfect.  Downtown Charlotte is not my favorite downtown city.  It is a tad sleepy though not as quiet as Phoenix or as small as San Jose.  However, if you need to be in Downtown Charlotte, this Westin is a good hotel for a short or long stay.Pay valet and self parking are both offered by this Westin.  It is easy finding a spot with self parking.
1	I can only speak from the experience of staying here for a recent convention. Several conferees and I had issues with the staff during the event over displays and services. Due to the nature of the event (romance novelists and readers) I got the impression they hovered close in case we decided to cause trouble. I did not find the venue pleasant.While my room was clean, I think the bed aggravated my back pain. I also understand a number of conferees who drank the water experienced discomfort and sore throats.
3	It's convenient but if you're looking for high end lodging, keep moving along.  The highlight of this property is the gym...seriously.  The rest of the place is fine, and the access to the light rail and convention center are dynamite.  Staff is solid, not overly helpful but solid, and when there are issues they hop to it.  This property rides on the tails of its location, so if that's key, you're good.  If you're looking for top-tier, Westin-style accommodations, you'll be disappointed.
3	I was a manager at a six-star hotel with 2,800 rooms in downtown Seoul. So, I might have high standards. I really liked my experience there working for Avon Walk twice, competing at World Affairs Council World Quest twice, and hanging out with friends. So I almost gave it four stars. But I have to be professional. I do see a lot of things that i would change if I were running it.That doesn't mean that it isn't good. It still is a nice hotel. Some people just love Westin for what it is. Not too fancy but one of the big boys. But the way the guests were lined up and waiting in the small lobby in multiple direction was difficult to overlook. There were some even blocking the entrance.The nice things about it is that it's in the right place. Location, location, location. It's in the center city, yet not right beside the biggest businesses and heavy traffic. The overstreet mall isn't connected to the hotel, if I remember correctly, but everything is in walking distance. And if you are in the city for conventions, or a professional sports game, it's a perfect place to stay.I have also been to most other popular hotels in Charlotte. The city doesn't have a Four Seasons, Wardorf Astoria type of a hotel. So for what it offers, it's pretty good. So enjoy it.
3	This is a good option downtown especially if you have an event at the convention center. You can walk to everything from here. Overall this is a good choice for the area. The decor is nice, but could use some updating. The staff is friendly. The rooms are inline with expectations. I do not like having to pay for internet, especially daily, so that was a mild inconvenience. There are two bar options in the hotel. There is also a cafe that serves Starbucks and some breakfast pastries. There is a restaurant on site as well. I only tried it for breakfast. That was very disappointing but i will save that for my review of it.
4	Who would have known that there is a friendly little niche in Downtown? We've been staying in this Hotel for years because of it's good location and all the Staff have consistently been nice and friendly. At first you'd think it is because they are the "Hotel staffs" but as you experience them day by day for periods of time, you see the genuine commitment to serve their guests. They eventually know you and the faceless smile and nods become long conversations of how they can make things better - not just with your stay at the hotel but you get tips on what to do here and there. Rooms are kept clean to your satisfaction. And we so love the Club Lounge
