5	Ear Wax is THE place to go for buying metal in Madison.  They have a huge selection that spans all sub-genres, definitely with an emphasis on the more extreme sub-genres.  They also have quite a bit of punk, psychobilly, and ambient, although the focus is really on metal.  They also have a good selection of merch (shirts, patches, etc.) although I found the t-shirt selection to be a little skimpy as a person who prefers plain logo T's as opposed to shirts with tons of art on them.  Also, most of the shirts are XL.Ear Wax also has a decent selection of vinyl, DVD's and 'zines, although I've never really checked them out.  The focus is really on CD's.If you are a "casual" metal fan who thinks that Slipknot and Trivium are the best the genre has to offer, you will be overwhelmed (and possibly intimidated) upon walking in.  If you aren't a metal fan at all, you won't find anything of interest unless you want a Cannibal Corpse t-shirt for irony purposes.  If you're a die-hard metal fanatic, however, this store is right up your alley.  Every time I go in there I have a hard time limiting myself to only a few purchases because there is so much that catches my eye.  Just about every big metal band is represented, along with a whole bunch that I've never heard of.The price is right (usually around $12 for a CD, $7 used) and the selection is unbeatable.  If you love extreme music, you can't pass up the chance to visit this awesome store.
4	If you're not careful, you might walk out of here with a bejewelled skull and no money.  Or maybe the broken shards of a Slayer signed guitar.  What about a violin with pointy screws sticking out of it?  I almost bought some metal baby gear, but stopped the money hemorrhage for once.  Boyfriend picked some CDs from the discount box.  If I hadn't been feeling cheap, I would have pillaged the fairly extensive psychobilly section, but that will be a treat for another trip.  Need metal?  Get Ear Wax.
5	When I lived in northern Illinois and made occasional day trips to Madison, Ear Wax is a store that I always made time to stop in.  Not only do they have a great selection of music, but the store owner is knowledgeable and friendly.  He's the kind of guy who deserves your business.  Also, they have a great sticker selection.  What punk rocker doesn't like to put a few on his or her car?
5	I love Ear Wax. Great selection. New and old.Great customer service as well. Rob is the name of the guy I always see behind the counter. When asked questions about a record or band he doesn't answer in a condescending "I'm more punk/metal than you' manner. I've asked for his opinions on bands/records old and new and he always answers with a knowledgeable and genuine response.This shop is a fucking gem of Madison \m/
