5	Authentic Mexican home-style cooking. Everything was tasty and cheap. Nice family-run business and friendly. I had soup and my bf had enchiladas. A real local joint. We want to go to Phoenix just to have the food again.
4	this may be the only restaurant i've ever gone to based on a commercial.if you live in phoenix and have yet to see the pitic spot playing on one of the local access stations - the one with all the weird 80s music videos - you need to get to the bikini lounge one night and wait for it on one of their shiny new flat-screens.  it features a dancing girl, a soldier, and stop-motion garlic.  someone breathes plasma from their mouth.but words don't do it justice.the food here is really solid.  family-run place - it's been around for decades, apparently.  the atmosphere is nice and quiet, the food takes awhile, and it's a little pricier than standard mexican fare - but it's all worth it, the dollars and the wait.  well cooked meats, well-seasoned dishes.  just try not to fill up on the delicious chips and salsa they bring out.
5	Delicious! Great tacos, salsa, and the frijoles...yum! Out of the way in a sketch neighborhood, but leave before the disco starts up next door and you're cool.
3	Don't let the location scare you off. As there is nothing special about the location or the interior. That said  good authenic Mexican food with a Friendly staff.
5	Okay, listen. You're cool, right? I don't mean hipster-cool, trucker-cap wearing, bleeding-gums ironic Kardashian-damage trust-fund doofus. I mean cool--as in, you appreciate treasures off the beaten path, and you can keep a secret. You're cool? Okay. Here it is: this place is the best Mexican food in town. It's better than Carolina's. I love Carolina's, but this is better. Here's why: Pitic's tortillas are handmade like Carolina's, but they're not as dry--they're a tiny bit doughier, a little thicker, and to me they're just about perfect. Ditto their frijoles. Pitic's have a great smoky flavor that just goes on for miles. Chorizo, machaca, all the stuff I've had there has been so good, so savory. And then there's the salsa. There are two kinds--a red and a green. Both freshly made. The red is very savory, with hints of chipotle and other good stuff. But my favorite is the green sauce, with huge chunks of fresh jalapenos and tomatillos. They're both pretty hot--to my taste the green is hotter, which is exactly what I'm after.  I usually get a quart of it to go, to get me through the week. It's a great family-owned place with friendly service, and the Pitic bar is a hoppin' dance club on the weekends. It's close to the airport if you're on your way in or out of town. Treat yourself right and get some real authentic Mexican food. But please don't tell the hipsters. This is our little secret. (and yeah, their ads on digital channel 38 are camp classics. Tune in!)
5	Going to the airport but want to avoid crappy ass overpriced fare around and inside PHX?  Then get your ass to Pitic!Pitic is a little spot really close to the airport that has good Mexican food.  This is solid, inexpensive, and fresh stuff!  The tortillas here are really good and you gotta support this place.  It's in a little strip mall type place - but then isn't everywhere in Phoenix like that?Anyhow, eat at this little spot and you'll feel good about supporting a local business and get a nice filling meal that's pretty damn good!
4	This blighted area is beyond awful, & then you come to this building... totally nothing on the outside except for more bars all over the windows & doors than County Jail & Planned Parenthood combined!  Once inside Pitic here, it's a mid-sized place with a fun, stylish look to it.  I selected a booth, & needed to pull the table quite a way toward me.  It wouldn't have worked if there had been someone to sit on the other side.  (Minus 1-Star.)The nice owner (?) lady brought me a bowl of chips, & two little cups of different, tasty salsas, & I ordered a #8 Combo ($8.75).  It arrived in good time with with a Chile Relleno, a Shredded Beef Taco, & a Cheese Enchilada on board, plus refried beans & Spanish Rice.So, how was the food?  Every bite of this meal was just TERRIFIC!    :-))
4	I finally stopped by Pitic as I was traveling along I-17.  I sometimes find myself watching ch. 38 and singing along with old-time favorite videos from my youth.  Of course if any of you have ever tuned to ch. 38 you've seen the commercial for this restaurant as it's played like every other commercial.  I never gave it much of a thought until I saw some good yelp reviews.I walked in at 5pm on Sunday and there was only one table with people, the rest of the place was empty.  A very beautiful sweet lady seated me and recommended the #8 combo.  I never stray if a server recommends something in particular.  It was a great way to sample a shredded beef taco, chile relleno and cheese enchilada.First the taco....BOMB BOMB!  The hard shell corn tortilla was incredible!  The beef was so juicy and tender, loved every bite.  The cheese enchiliada was good, but what made it so good was the homemade enchilada sauce.  Now the chile relleno....superb.  I swear there must be a Mexican grandma back in the kitchen making different sauces.  The sauce on the relleno was to die for.When I'm in the neighborhood and not in the mood to stand in line at Carolina's or wait for a table at Comedor Guadalajara, I'll stop in at Pitic.  Don't let the bars on the windows scare you!!!
2	I had high hopes for this one, considering all the great reviews... too high of hopes.I consider myself a Mexican food addict. If there were a Mexican Food Anonymous, I'd absolutely need to join.Like a few of the previous Yelpers, I ordered the #8 combination, which was a chile relleno, beef taco, and enchilada with rice and beans.-The beef taco was crisp, yes, but there was the tiniest little shred of beef in it. Might as well have been a fried shell. I took one bite that had meat. The rest was empty.-The chile relleno was extremely greasy. I don't know if their oil was not hot enough to fry or what, but the batter on the outside of the rellano seemed to be more of an oil sponge than anything. Took one bite and pushed the rest aside.-The enchilada, generally my least favorite of mexican fare, was actually pretty good. Really plain, but the sauce was the lifesaver on this one. I actually ate the whole enchilada.-Beans were runny and flavorless. No thanks-Rice was fluffy, but much like it's frijole counterpart, had no flavor. No thanks again.All this for 10 bucks (granted that's not a lot of money... but it kind of is considering all I got out of it was basically a bite of taco and a cheese enchilada).At least the people who worked there were nice.I won't be back. Sorry.
4	This little place is really creepy looking, but really good. I come here often with my dad, as it is close to his work. I always get, i believe, the number 8 -chili relleno, taco, and enchilada with rice. It is always really good.... Also their chips, salsa, and guac are great. The place is never too busy *see the store front for why* but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Also, it is relatively inexpensive, especially for the size of the entrees. I would definitely go to this place all the time if I lived a little closer.
3	Creepy looking outside- Cute looking inside.I had the enchiladas with an over easy egg on top.  It was delicious.I think the bill was quite high.  I enjoy the food as much at a lower price over at Mi Patio.
5	I read the review from the person who prefers Mi Patio. That is hysterical. I go to Mi Patio to meet my white friends for lunch. When I want the real thing I go to Pitic. I can't believe nobody has commented on the soups. Their albondigas and their caldo de res are the best. Their green (chile) salsa has no rival. Excellent tortillas. The #14 is killer. This is authenitic, maybe too much for some people. I agree that the outside is scary, but the inside is fine. Like ALL restaurants, some things are better than others, but almost all their dishes are outstanding. Buena Comida!
4	I absolutely LOVE the food from The Pitic! The place does look rundown and it is a rough neighborhood.. however those are the best places to eat aren't they? Food is made fresh to order and out of the 10 or so years I have been coming here the quality of food never changes. It is great for families and actually anyone looking for a great mexican meal. Their crunchy beef tacos are to die for :)
5	I can't believe it's taken me over 2 1/2 years to get back around to this terrific restaurant!  Situated in a dumpy part of downtown, across the street from the airport & just blocks from the (also) great Carolina's, lives Pitic here.  It's nicer than Carolina's, which isn't saying much, but it's a clean & comfortable mid-sized place with both booths & tables, and the attraction here is THE FOOD!     :-)SO, I stopped in for lunch today and ordered a #8 Combination, which starts out with a bowl of great tortilla chips, fresh out of the fryer (not a bag!), & a cup of delicious red salsa.  As I scarfed them down, my friendly server gal brought me a refill of both (the last thing my diet needed, but I ate them!).     :-)When the big platter arrived with the main part of my feast I really regretted that I didn't bring my camera along.  It was really something beatiful!  (Yes, my phone can take pix but they are LQ.  Better to just come back SOON with the real camera!)This Combo consisted first of a big Anaheim Chile Relleno, stuffed with cheese, breaded & cooked to perfection.  Then there was a tasty hard-shelled taco with plenty of Carne deshebrada, a good sized cheese enchilada, excellent refried beans and Spanish Rice, plus some shredded lettuce with which to mop up the tasty juices left behind at the end.This was a terrific meal and a very 5-Star experience overall here today, all for the low price of $8.75!     :-))
5	AWESOME...says she who is the picky eater and cautious about locations...RISKING IT ALL...I only have 3 words CHEAP+AUTHENTIC+DELICIOUS...this place is truly a hidden gem...I'm from Texas so I have no idea if I was in a bad neighborhood or not...but it was in was appeared to be a strip mall type setup...this restaurant is a must try if you are ever in the Phoenix...the waitress did not speak English nor do I speak Spanish, but we both spoke food so when she saw my physique she slightly chuckled and directed me to the lunch portion because advised my eyes were bigger than my stomach...glad I took heed because the portions were enormous....THIS SPOT IS A MUST TRY, IF YOU EVER ARE IN PHOENIX.
5	Excellent ceviche, and the enchiladas are to die for, plus you can go next door and have a beer!!!!
2	Let me start by saying that the reason that I gave this place only two stars is because of the customer service and NOT the food. I have been coming to the place for well over ten years and I have never had any complaints about the food. The food is good, but not great. It's one of those places that the food reminds you of homemade food that is not the greatest, but the flavors are very satisfiying because it reminds you of home. I  do however got to give them props for their refried beans. They were out standing. OK, let me get into why I only give it two stars. THE CUSTOMER SERVICE. Everything was fine up until it was time to pay. My breakfast plate was the Huevos a la Mexicana, which were $5.75. I had no drink only water. When I went to pay the waiteress told me that the total was $8.62, which was the same amount that she had charged my friend that had paid before me. My friends plate was also $5.75. She went and ran my card for $8.62. When she came back  I asked the waiteress how much tax she was charging us. She could not explain how much taxes or what percentage she was using to come up with the total. Another waiteress heard me asking her about the taxes and asked what was going on.   She talked to the other waiteress and told her we were asking her why we were being charged $8.62. I asked the waiteress if she had added the gratuity and she said no that it was just the taxes. The other waiteress asked our waiteress how much our plates were. I asked the second waiteress to tell me how much were the taxes for $5.75, she manually calculated it and said that it was either 51 or 53 cents (I can't remember) and  that the new total would be $6.28. I asked her why then was the other waiteress charging us over $2 in taxes, she completely ignored my question and asked for my card back so that she could run the correct total. This waiteress had a really bad attitude while rerunning my card and my friends card for the correct total.  Like I said I have been coming to this place for many years and I had never noticed or bothered to think about the grand total, as it is always, breakfast or lunch, plus a drink for more than one person, but since my three friends and I were all paying separate, it was very apparent that money was not adding up. I noticed my bank statement today and the total that was run was $8.42 (not even the amount that she had originally said) . The reversal does not show up on my bank statement yet, I am curious to see the final outcome of this ordeal.
5	This is the place to go for authentic Mexican food, it's not much to look at and the area is not the best but the food never disappoints.
5	Stopped back in here again today, this time for dinner, joined by Mike C.  Our friendly server brought out good chips and cups of 2 salsas (plus another bowl of chips when we got low), and I ordered my usual here, a #8 Combo, which included a big Pablano Chile Relleno, a Cheese Enchilada, a Carne Deshebrada Taco, Spanish Rice, refried beans & a bit of salad...  all delicious!This was a great meal for only $8.75, and MIke's order of the "Special of the Day," a big Enchilada style Asada Burrito looked amazing too, & was only $5.95!I'm also a big fan of Carolina's around the corner, but this place is nicer inside & not such a madhouse.     :-))
5	This place is the real deal. Seeing their commercials every day on channel 38.3 made me finally decide to stop by. The enchiladas are incredible. The enchilada sauce was great. Never tasted enchiladas this good before. The chili rellenos are just as good also. Rice and beans were great as well. Service was also good. I definitely recommend Pitic Restaurant. Five stars!
2	Went here during a training class in the area.  My group ordered a variety of things.  Tacos, enchiladas and a tortas.  Where do I start?  The enchilada eaters described their meal as "bland and stale" to include the sauce that was nothing to write home about.  The torta consumer says "where's the beef?"  Still unsure about the "authentic" nature of food.  The carne asada tacos were edible but nothing spectacular.  The beans and rice were just that.I was quite disappointed from all the rave reviews and will not be returning but you can be your own judge.
4	Wonderful beans and guacamole. Everything else we had was quite good...flautas and enchiladas. Warm and friendly service and beer in ice cold glasses, we will return.
4	Arrived at airport, found this place enjoyed a very good lunch and excellent service.
5	My family and I have been coming here for over 10years. The food is so good and the prices are good too. I love a #12 is the best chicken enchiladas in town for sure. There chips and salsa are so good not too spicy not to mild. Their machaca chimis are good I highly recomment those options.
5	The Chile Colorado rocks!  I'm form California, but have family in Phoenix.  Have not been there since 09, but I'm glad to see it is still around.
5	Gotta try the machaca tacos,machaca anything no refills on soda but o we'll drink water lol but seriously eat the machaca
5	I have been reading reviews for Pitic for some time now, but have always ended up elsewhere; what a shame!  This place has excellent food and everything is fresh.The chips and salsa were great!  Chips were fresh out of the fryer and made from handmade tortillas.  The salsas were both very fresh and tasty.  The spicier salsa had just the right amount of kick!We ordered a combo plate with a taco, tostada and cheese enchilada.  All were wonderful and tasty.  The rice and beans are excellent too (especially the beans!).  Our other order was a carne asada chimichanga, also excellent.  The tortillas they use are wonderful and the chimi was cooked to perfection with a nice outer crust and light crispness on the inside.  The carne asada was seasoned and cooked to perfection.It is located in an old strip mall that looks like it has seen better days for sure, but don't judge by looks alone!  It is in very close proximity to Carolina's if you are familiar with them.Give it a try, I bet you will wonder why you didn't sooner like I did!
5	This was a truly memorable experience. Having just arrived to Phoenix from a long flight, were looking for a place to eat near the airport and ended up at Pitic based on Yelp reviews and how close it is in the airport. Location looked a bit weird with a fence and a strip mall what appears to be in the middle of nowhere.As soon as we came in, the food, the service were all spectacular. We rarely order Mexican food so were not very familiar with the menu, in addition we did not want any meat. The head waiter took the time and helped us to order. We ordered vegetarian taco salad as well as vegetarian burrito. Both were spectacular. The desert was even better, not sure what it is called but it is an apply pastry - truly amazing.We really liked this restaurant that even came back before our flight back to Toronto, unfortunately it was too early and there were not open. Highly recommend, humble location, great foodie place.
1	I can't ever recall being so mislead by Yelp reviews. This place was horrible. We went at 7:30 in the evening and there were no customers. So it seems that would tell you something. The waitress tried to be friendly but she did not speak English very well, so she tried to avoid interaction with us, The food tasted like something you would get out of the frozen food section at Fry's. The location itself is extremely hard to find if you are not local. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
