4	The location looks and feels like the San Tan Village location in Gilbert. Staff was super friendly and polite, offering to get refills, carry our drinks (even hold our infant daughter!). They cleared our plates as well.Food was hot and fresh -  Sweet Mongolian, and my wife had the firecracker. Tried a cold noodle salad, the dressing wasn't as spicy as I expected it to be. Misters out front, but not sure if there were tables.
5	This place is awesome! They can custom make whatever you want! They were very understanding of my complex order. The staff is extremely friendly. I would come back here for the food and staff :)
2	I reserved judgment until my second visit. It's just not good. Today I ordered the kung pao noodle bowl with tofu. When they called my number, they had made it with chicken. I told them about the mistake and they re-made the dish. When I got it back it was mostly cold and just did not have good flavor. The way they slice their vegetables doesn't really make sense. The slices of red and green bell peppers were huge. It didn't taste fresh, and there was no depth of flavor, just a lot of sweet sauce. Nowhere close to real kung pao. The Lipton tea they have tastes very processed, and not "fresh brewed" as it is labeled.
5	Clean, great food, generous portions, super employees, unbelievable prices, and they grill their chicken...everything isn't drowned in oil.  We will never go to Pei Wei or PF Changs again!!!!
2	Ate here for first time. My wife's parents owned a Chinese take out restaurant so speaking from that perspective. This place is just OK. Nothing special and over priced. I ordered extra protein (sumo protein) and did not appear I got much more. Also there was a plastic twisty in my food. They were apologetic and gave me a $10 gift certificate but won't be back.
2	Standard wok place. My experience was that the udon noodles were mushy, there was hardly any chicken in my bowl and they have the fake syrup iced tea. The only two positives I've got are the fresh vegetables and the fast, friendly service. I won't likely go back.
2	Tried calling an order in ahead of time... Got a "message inbox full" message 3 times. Ordered 2 entrees (kung pao chicken and crispy ckicken) to-go. The cashier ignored me for about 5 minutes while she took a phone order (the phones do work! I confirmed that the number I tried was accurate). They had a 'tip field' on the receipt... That bugs me at a take-out/semi-fast food type place. Food came out quick. Food was decent.
3	My wife had been here with her friends previously and recommended that we go for our date night. The menu was full of dishes that I recognized from my travels across Asia. To bad I only had to pick one. The dishes have been Americanized but still have enough of the right flavors that I was impressed. The service was friendly and our meal was ready much quicker than I expected. Between the dishes it appears that much of the sauce that is used has similar base flavor which may get old if you come here often. But for my first time here and if you don't come too often, it was a good change. I may be back if I need a quick descent meal.
2	Americana Asian food that's mediocre at best. The ambiance and decor are nice but the food and customer service aren't great.  We got the padthai and firecracker.  Padthai had zero flavor even and the firecracker was only a little better.  Definitely NOT spicy, even after dousing the padthai with siracha.  Noodles were a bit too al dente, as well.  The veggies are fresh though and the spring rolls were decent, although they forgot to include them when we picked up our order.  Speaking of that, the dude called out our number and another number so I went to the counter to pick up our food and he denied calling our number and acted perturbed that I was at the counter.  Go to firehouse subs next door and don't waste your hard earned money on this place.
4	Went on Sunday for lunch. Stir fry's tasted fresh, which i take any day over tasty/savory food. Accomodated nut allergy very well - no accudent with a lot of dishes in the menu contain peanuts. For the price, can't complain, good alternative to Panda Express.
4	Went there a few weeks ago and what an improvement from what it was many months ago. Place looked clean, staff is super friendly. Most improvement was on food. We ordered Indian butter chicken, it had good and rich flavor. We also ordered a beef dish (can't remember the dish name). To my husband, it was a bit on the sweet side but I really like it.  Personal preference, I guess. I'd definitely come back and try more dishes.  Also their coffee is big thumb up!!
5	Just tried this place out tonight for dinner. We called in an order and it was ready in 10 mins which is awesome when you have 2 starving boys at home. I was treated with very friendly staff and I was happy to see its casual dining. I got the sweet Mongolian beef noodle bowl, super yummy. There was lots of beef and the noodles were delicious. My kids ate crispy chicken teriyaki rice bowls. They loved them and ate almost the entire adult meal. I will be returning and I plan on trying everything on the menu. Don't forget they deliver no extra charge!!!!
5	Just found my favorite new restaurant ,friendly staff , very healthy & Price is reasonable . Totally recommend it
1	If you're really paying attention to this review, do NOT eat here.  Honestly, this is the worst supposed "Chinese" food I've ever had.  The service was awful, having to wait 20 minutes for food while the cashier kept saying "sorry, sorry" all the while there was 5 or 6 people ahead of my buddy and I (that's busy?) I've eaten better food at a Chinese food place in a bad neighborhood that advertises $3 meals all the while the chef is in the back with a cigarette hanging out off his mouth, ya' know? Any way, I'm really sorry, but if I don't get sick from this place, I'll be surprised. Never again.
