5	AMAZING!  This is an awesome burger.  Top five of all time and I am a true burger lover.  You are not getting a healthy option here.  Just the classic burger and fries.  Keep in mind the normal burger is actually a double and the regular fries feeds two easily.  Great value (if you don't over order) and simply fantastic food.
5	Five Guys is a great place! The burgers are very good and the fries are good! If you go with someone else, you only need to order one regular size fries as it easily will feed both of you. Also they have peanuts available for you to eat while waiting for your order to be cooked; therefore, anyone with peanut allergies may need to stay away.
3	This is our second trip to a Five Guys - actually the second Five Guys location, not the second time we've been there - and they seem to have the concept down, as it's about the same each time we've been there.While my judgment is still out on the fries, I am really digging the burgers.  The only problem is that, even with the large burger (that is, two patties), the burgers seem a little small.  The problem with that is that they're a bit expensive, so eating a couple of them can add up pretty quickly.  They taste good, they just seem so tiny that I feel like a giant when I eat them.(moved from the wrong location - hate it when that happens)
3	Fantastic place for anyone who loves a good burger.  Choose any burger you want and pay the price of that while adding as many toppings as you please with no extra charge!
3	This place I feel is over rated. They have huge burgers at a fair price, but their meat has no flavor. I have given this place three chances and have yet to walk away feeling fullfilled and not nauseous.  Way too much grease and not enough flavor. Their fries are often soggy. Not impressed.
4	I love the burgers at this place, I will be going back for more!
3	The Bacon Cheeseburger:  Two burgers, very filling. The Fries: Wonderful Potato taste.The staff: efficient.The price:  $12.49 for a burger, fries and drink?  Outrageous!The parking:  Located in a small four business center, the parking lot was full at the 11 a.m. opening.
4	Huge hamburgers, absolutely delicious!! We ordered half a basket of fries and didn't finish it between three of us.
3	I really love Five Guys!  The workers are always friendly but there were over the top at this one! WOW. Everyone was super friendly, chatting and smiling the entire time (there was a worker who sounded a tad like Gomer Pyle to me, kinda made me giggle)I am not in any way knocking Five Guys - I would never. I heart them. This was probably my least favorite burger. I did try the burger (w/ double meat) instead of the little burger (one meat patty) this time which I never have so maybe it was just too much for me. I could barely taste the mayo, I had to add more ketchup because it just seemed just  a little dry. Still love this restaurant overall though!!
5	DELICIOUS!! The HUGE, fresh, all beef burgers are made to order with any toppings you choose.  The cook is literally waiting to hear the order as you are ordering. A large order of their delicious fries is more than enough to feed three adults because I think they throw in an extra cupful into the bag.  It was the most delicious fresh made burger I've ever had by far!!  Very nice, simple menu, clean and simple atmosphere with really, really great burgers and fries!! We LOVE it!!
5	I LOVE 5 GUYS! Besides loving their app (Android and IOS) you can also call in an order. Staff is friendly, food is incredible, and you always get a ton of those awesome fries.  Ton's of toppings to choose from for your burger, and hot dogs as well. NOTE FOR THOSE WITH PEANUT ALLERGY - The cook the fries in peanut oil, and there are peanuts for snacking while you wait. Your not going to find a better burger in the area!!!
4	5 guys has learned that the old saying of "do one thing and do it well" pays off. They offer bugers with a multitude of toppings for the most part, but you can get a few other diner staples as well. A family fav, but we do not go too often because it is a little pricey (but, as always you get what you pay for). The burgers really are mouth watering chunks of heaven, juicy and packed with flavor. All of the toppings are always fresh (and you can order extra amounts of any topping). Now on to the fries...good Lord the fries!!! The amount of fires they give you is almost ridiculous, our family of 3 easily shares a small. They are always fresh and delicious. Bottom line.....if you are really hungry and want a great burger, look no further than 5 Guys...yum!
4	Absolutely love Five Guys. Great burgers, good fries. Service is very quick. Best burger place in town!
2	Don't get the fries! Burgers were fresh and about what you'd expect for a $6 burger. The free peanuts are a plus. If you do order fries, expect to eat to eat about 2 lbs of soggy grease potatoes. Somehow, the fryer temperature is never high enough to make nice crispy fries.
1	Only giving one star due to their ridiculous policy of not providing water cups. I asked for a cup of water and was given a cup. I looked at my receipt and I was charged for a drink! I asked about this and was told that water cups are only for children and the elderly. Non sense! He (Malcolm the cashier) could have told me before he charged me!
