5	Wow. Ok so I had originally had a bit of beef with this company as I'd had a little trouble on their website and I ended up receiving a canvas with a few cosmetic issues. On discussing my issues with them - I was contacted directly by the COMPANY CEO. Who in 2013 does that anymore? Customer service is paramount to me - you can have a great product or service but if you treat your customers badly what's the point?The sincerity of his concern and commitment to fixing my problems is something I don't think I've come across before. The picture we had sent them was extremely sentimental to us (he didn't know that)  he made the issues palatable and I really enjoyed dealing with them. The product, with the few issues that are easily rectified is actually really quite amazing. They send out your orders very quickly - I'm on an island in Hawaii and it still only took three days. I can't recommend this company enough. Best customer experience in years.
5	Great. 1.5 million times better than canvas people, and they have great customer service!Picture came out exactly how I wanted it to, high-resolution, prefect coloring, thick frame and canvas.  Could not ask for a better experience.I will be ordering from them again, as soon as I take another great set of pictures.
5	Excellent customer service! We had a voucher with them and the promotional value had expired a week before. Used the live chat option to ask our options on using the paid value for the voucher and they told us they would just extend the validity. The UI was easy to use and we were very happy with the final product (photo to canvas).
1	The product is usually decent but to say I was disappointed with the last order of 3 canvases is an understatement. One arrived damaged and it's been almost 3 weeks trying to get them to even respond to my emails trying to get a replacement sent out. I don't know about the rest of you guys but when a canvas arrives damaged and with the canvas bubbling out, one would expect at least a timely response to your emails, after asking me to send pictures of the damage it's been 2 weeks since they've even bothered to respond, either hire more people to handle the influx of complaints or fix your manufacturing process. Poor customer service. To give you an example of good customer service, I experienced a damaged canvas before from pix 2 canvas and the one time out of many they sent me a damaged canvas after one phone call being on the phone about 3 mins they had a new one in the mail and delivered to me within 4 days. This company on the other hand after multiple calls and emails asks for multiple pics as if they don't trust you and you can barely even get a response from what seems to be the one person who works their customer complaints department. Unhappy customer to say the least.
1	I ordered a printed canvas from Fabness on September 20th, 2014 (Sunday) as a gift for my best friends birthday on October 3rd (Friday). I read the production policy and it states that the order could be expected 7-10 business days after it is placed. My friends birthday is October 3rd which is 10 days after I placed the order. Since it falls on a Friday I did the calculations and Fabness should have the canvas to me by that date. As a precaution, I followed up with them on Monday, September 29th to make sure the order was going to ship soon. In addition, their email confirmation sent to me when I placed the order says that it should take 5-7 business days for the order to be completed PLUS an extra 3 days for it to ship on the west coast. I'm located in San Diego, so this is obviously on the west coast. This means my canvas should be here by 10 business days.I received a response from Fabness on September 30th stating that my canvas is "still in processing" and that the service agent "does not think I will get my canvas by 10/3/2014 (my friends birthday)." She also said "you would have had to select 3 day shipping when you placed the order to get it rushed through in production in time." Even though I thoroughly read the policy, which states 3 day shipping on the west coast, apparently Fabness has taught their customer service reps to be dishonest with their customers in order to lengthen the time and blame their customer.The response from Fabness does not recognize what what the email confirmation said OR what the order conditions (5 - 10 business days) on their website promised. It was clear that the order could take up to 10 business days but not any longer. I am extremely disappointed in this company and their turn-around time and I would NEVER recommend them to anyone. There is an abundance of companies on Groupon and online with canvas and printing services that I have ordered canvases through. They have arrived in no later than 5 days. I'm writing this as a warning to consumers that if you place an order through them - know that it will arrive MUCH later than their policy and your expectations.
1	I purchased a voucher from fabness  and was having trouble. I clicked the chat button and was treated to a very rude customer service rep who did not help me and just disconnected me when I asked to speak to a manager. I will never order form them again.
1	This company misleads its clients and does not value their opinion of them. I placed an order on September 25. The company says 5-7 for processing plus another few days for shipping.  About 3 weeks later I call to check on my order and was told it was still processing. Another 2 weeks later I'm told the item shipped out early October but to the wrong customer. I asked for a refund on just my shipping costs ($15) for all the delays but was told they would not do that for me.  I would NOT recommended them as there are tons of other companies out there.
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!I have ordered a BW canvas from them. It came in so dark that peoples faces can't be seen. They have said something about their printer not working properly, so they'll refund me my money so I could re-order it. Do they check what they ship? Any QA ? So I order a second one. After a month I received it and it was ok. Then I ordered a 3 panel canvas ( I believe in second chances) when this one came it I was shocked. Lower panel at first appeared to be a part of another picture, then I realized that it just zoomed in so close and blurry that it didn't make sense. I contacted them sending both original picture and a picture of a canvas. They replied to me with " It's close enough" Are you for real?  They offered me to order another picture for $28 +$13 for shipping on top of what I have already payed. And they said there is nothing they can do. No refund. I don't think that in my whole life I came to something so senseless.
1	The customer service is terrible.  I was trying to place an order for Christmas and no one has gotten back to me. Very unprofessional and I will never deal with them again. I would not recommend them anyone.
1	I would give 0 stars if I could. Ordered a canvas for my mom for Christmas. Waited forever for a blurry canvas (made SURE to submit a CLEAR picture) that was stapled so off center that the border color I chose is all wrong on the front of the pic. Worst groupon choice ever.
1	I ordered a canvas from them on Dec 11th and it said it would be guaranteed to arrive before christmas so I thought it was great. December 24th rolls around and I still hadn't received it and my account showed that the order had only been "downloaded" when I asked about it in the live chat they assured me that i had in fact ordered it on Dec 16th (even though in my account at THEIR website it said ordered: dec 11th) and i had to select the fastest shipping speed to get it before christmas and even then they told me i would've had to order it by Dec 2nd! They've given me two different tracking numbers since then, one shows my canvas in arizona, the other code shows it in salt lake (I live in Logan, Ut) and says it should arrive by dec 31st. here i am now on jan 2 still waiting for a christmas to give to my parents as a christmas gift.worst customer service/shopping experience ever! DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE! they are terrible and I fully regret ever buying a groupon for them
5	Great products and super fast delivery.  Exceeded expectations by a mile!
1	I've used Fabness for several years with great results until now. I placed 2 separate orders on the same date, 11/29/2014. I received one order within the specified 15 days and they were perfect. I inquired about the other order, emailing on 12/16 and did not receive a reply until 12/21:----------------Sun, Dec 21, 2014 3:06 pm:Hi Patty,Thanks for your email.This is a system generated email and not addressing your issue. We sincerely apologise for the delay in responding to your email request. We are inundated with enquiries as it is our busiest time of the year. If your matter is urgent please jump on live chat which is available from the home page of our website...."---------------The subject line of my email stated my order# that I was inquiring about, but again emailed them on Dec 24 for a status. Response came 12/26:---------------"Your order shipped out on 12/05/14,. UPS tracking 1Z1###############You should have received your canvas by now. Can you please confirm the address entered for your order is correct?"----------------The address was correct. However, when I pulled up the tracking number it had NOT shipped. Again, doing the job of the CSR I informed them that it had indeed NOT shipped and received this response:-----------------"I am issuing a claim with UPS for the lost package. I am going to issue you a re-print. I will get this expedited into production and it should ship within the next 48hrs.I do apologize for the delay. "----------------Maybe I'm wrong, but UPS showed that they never picked up the canvases for shipping. Maybe they did and lost them immediately. I followed up 2 days later, per the email, requesting a tracking number...----------------Dec 31, 2014 11:08 am:"... Once your order ships out we will be provided with a tracking number for UPS. It has not left us yet, so there is not one updated."-----------------Finally today...Jan 07, 2015 9:59 am-----------------"Your order shipped out on 01/05/15, UPS tracking 1Z1##############.According to UPS, your order will be delivered on Friday by the end of the day.----------------These canvases were a wedding gift and involved following up with our friends to uncomfortably ask if they had received them. If you can wait 5 weeks + for your product - go for it. They are nice. But you may have to chase it down. *DONE*
1	DO NOT waste your time or $ here!! I ordered a canvas that came with a thick white line going across the whole top.  Their customer service is terrible and refused to send me a new corrected canvas.  I even sent pictures to prove. After 8 emails and excuse after excuse as to why it was not a " production error" they offered for me to pay half price plus shipping for a new corrected canvas. I was going to order several more from them until this! I will be spending my $ somewhere else.
5	I purchased a Groupon on 12/23 and uploaded a pic that night.A week later I sent an email requesting an update because online it still showed "Downloaded" so I was worried that the poor reviews I had read after the fact that my order was not processing and was nervous about the final product.I received a response a couple days later (the holidays and all), and was told that it was in the final stages of production and should be shipping per the specified timeframes when I placed my order.A week after that, I sent another email requesting an update as the online status still showed "Downloaded" and was promptly sent an email response back with tracking information.  It was already in transit and when I checked this morning USPS had it out for delivery.  WOW.This afternoon, I received the product and am very happy with the product.  The picture was taken from a cellphone, even.  And the resolution and the final product turned out terrific!Very happy with the process, the responsiveness, timeliness and especially the final product.  I would use them again!
5	I have never used Yelp before, and I created an account today just to leave a review for this company because I was that impressed. When I came to the review page I honestly couldn't believe that they had poor reviews in the past. I bought a Groupon on 12/24/14 for a canvas print (no rush for me to receive it) and I immediately got an email response saying my order was confirmed, and I should expect it to arrive in about 15 days. Even with the holidays, I got my order in 11 business days, and WOW. It is absolutely perfect. After reading some of the poor reviews below, it seems like they were more upset with the time they were promised it would arrive, rather than the quality? Not sure, but I would recommend Fabness to anyone. I took the time to crop my image the way I wanted it to print, I had the print extend the border of the canvas so there wasn't an awkward mismatched color around the edges that I'd be unhappy with, and I will definitely be ordering from Fabness again. Also, when I logged in to the site it did explain there was no tracking information that would be available, so I had no reason to be upset I couldn't 'follow it'. I guess as a general rule of thumb for anyone, don't wait till the last minute to order something where you have a deadline it has to be received by, take your time placing your order, and you'll be happy with the outcome :)
