4	Okay, okay... I KNOW it's a fast food joint. I KNOW it's a chain. HOWEVER, let me tell you, the ladies who work there are AMAZING. Their customer service is top notch. The store is always exceedingly clean. The food...well, it's Carls' Jr. It's the same food you'll get at any Carl's Jr. But, the staff at THIS one makes it truly a pleasure! I was very pleasantly surprised. Good job girls!!
2	Realistically, the only thing keeping the rating at 2 stars instead of just 1 was the closing of the experience.  The service was incredibly slow for being the lunch rush, especially since there were not more than 4 customers in the store. As far as the menu goes, the choices are immense!  The coupons offered in this weeks paper were abundant and very well worth using.  The counter person was nice, used suggestive selling and had a smile.The down side was the kitchen.  There were not that many people in the place and even if the Drive Through was packed, they can still only take one order at a time.  It seemed to be an unnecessarily long wait for a couple of burgers. Again, save the day by the counter girl who apologized for the delay and then gave me a chocolate chip cookie as a consolation for waiting so long. As far as the food goes, the burgers were both tasty.  The menu was so expansive it will take several visits to get through the bulk of it.  Not only your typical burger fare but salads and the connection of another fast food joint called the Green Burrito, they had a wide array of Mexican dishes as well. A short review for me, I know.  Bottom line is this.  The kitchen service was terrible, the counter service was nice.  The burgers were OK, good enough to go back a 2nd time as maybe the experience was not the normal.  When it comes time to return, I will amend this review.  Until then, Enjoy!
5	This is 1 of the only Carl's jr where your food will always come too hot! Great service in the burgers are always hot and good!
3	#3 is the bomb.  Western burger combo with crosscut fries. If it has to be fast food this is on the list.
1	This used to be one of my family's favorite stops. Food was good, place was clean, and employees always nice and great service. Apparently it has been sold and the changes haven't been positive. Firstly, the salsa bar was taken out. The restaurant isn't as clean and the bathroom was gross. Portions are cheap, the chicken nachos are one third the size they used to be and not very tasty. Whoever purchased it didn't do it any favors. It has been crossed off my list. I'd rather go another mile to In and Out.
5	Carl juniors Atlantic cod low-carb and tacos are fabulous.   Stop in if you get a chance.
4	If you haven't downloaded their mobile app, do it now. I got a free big chicken fillet sandwich. It was the first time I had tried their chicken sandwich. I also ordered fries and went through the drive thru. I ate the fries right away. They were just warm, so not all that great. I ate the chicken sandwich when I got home. It was still warm, so I'm assuming hot when I first got it. The chicken fillet sandwich was one of the best I've had from a fast food restaurant. I took off the top part of the bun, because it was way to much bread for me. Fresh lettuce and tomato was on it, with a very small amount of mayo. Just how I like it. I would have given a 5 if it wasn't for the fries.
