3	Food was good and I would go to Martini's again.  I am a fan of steak and Prime Rib and the Beef Dip sandwich did not disappoint.  Would have liked to try the steaks but at the time was not hungry enough for a full course dinner. When ordering the sandwich and requested medium-rare I was impressed that the waitress let us know that the medium-rare was just that and very pink. Not all waitresses are that knowledgeable on the food they serve.  The prime rib in the sandwich was excellent but not so for the fries served with my hubby's sandwich.  The Yukon Gold fresh cut fries were soggy and grossly overcooked.  I had the Cesar salad on the side with mine which was wonderfully fresh but slightly bland. (the waitress brought some lemon wedges which improved the salad) .  We shared an order of esgargot and they were done to perfection in butter and crusted with cheese.  They have a better than average amount of beers on tap and we both ordered Heineken.  Hubby got his immediately (ordered when I was in the ladies room) and when I ordered I waited quite a long time as the Keg needed to be changed.The restaurant has a nice contemporary atmosphere and one of the nicest bathrooms around!!  I did not like the big screens with hockey, but sure the hockey fans appreciate it.  It seemed to distract from the ambiance.  I recommend this restaurant and will go again and try the steaks.
4	Would definitely back for brunch! Portions are the perfect size - not so huge that you've just had three days worth of calories in one meal. The waffles are great - light and made fresh. Great service - our server was fast, personable and friendly.
2	Overpriced, overrated. Their pad Thai is different alright--chow mein noodles?
4	Here for drinks only, and those were good and the few appetizers tasty. Somewhat on the pricy side, but the atmosphere and service were as expected. The staff are attentive and friendly.
2	Service was slow. Menu is overpriced for what is basically pub food.  The stir fry and curry are advertised as vegetarian but when we double checked they both contain fish sauce. Charged full price even though my entree only contained half the ingredients. Not returning.
3	Been a couple of times now...once hosting a group of eight. Drinks are good and the service friendly and engaging. Menu needs some updating.
