4	Chinese buffets usually deserve 1 to 2 stars. This place almost deserves a full 5 but even with 4 it's definitely worth checking out. NOTE: You must go in understanding it's a buffet and not made-to-order and you should be blown away.We went on a Sunday and for $11.99 you get unlimited sushi (freshly made in front of you), lots of different unique Chinese seafood dishes, and dozens of other Asian delights. It's at the Chinese Culture Center so you can hang out at the market after, which is a trip in and of itself.
4	I like the buffet style restaurants as I get to sample many different dishes without spending a lot of dough. Located in the Chinese Culture Center, this place was easy to find. We arrived about 1.5 hours before they were about to close. As such, a few of the dishes were either low in quantity or empty. We asked one of the worker if more would come out of the kitchen, and she said no. Unsatisfied with her answer, we asked our nice waiter and next thing we know new hot items were brought out to the bar.Overall the food was great! The selection ranges from sushi, fruits, and King crab legs. The jumbo shrimp were awesome and highly recommend.
3	Living in Vegas, one can get tired of buffets.  However, I found myself at Asian Seafood Buffet because my host was craving their sashimi bar.It's a hot and slow Sunday, and the restaurant isn't too busy.  I peruse the selection of food available and am actually impressed with their variety.  They offer sashimi (tuna, salmon, red snapper) and some sushi rolls.  Behind the glassed case, there was tamago and unagi, but I didn't see these items available for taking.  The sushi lady cutting the fish said "thank you" to us about five times while we were getting our sashimi.  It felt odd when she said it repetitively and I can only assume it was because she wanted us to contribute to her tip jar.  (Yes, there was a tip jar in front of the sushi bar.)  Fish is alright, nothing stellar.  Around that section, you can also find oysters on the half shell, shrimp, calamari salad, and tripe.    They also have a BBQ station, which is really a made to order station.  You gather your raw ingredients and pass it onto the guy and he cooks it up for you.  You can choose from two types of noodles, veggies, shrimp, beef, pork, etc.  Sauces vary from spicy, garlic, teriyaki, etc.  The noodle dish the BF ended up with (spicy garlic) was pretty bland tasting though and I'm glad it wasn't me that ordered it.Other seafood dishes include crawfish (boiled with no taste!), frog legs, steamed fish, baked creamy mussels, baked creamy prawns, king crab legs, stuffed crab heads, salt and pepper crab, bacon wrapped shrimp, deep fried shrimp, shrimp and vegetables, clams, etc.They have your standard Chinese dishes of wont ton soup, egg rolls, and potstickers too.  Some unique dishes included what was supposed to be a sweet fungus soup.  They had a few pretty looking dim sum dishes like a peach blossom bun (with red bean), twisted bun, sticky rice, etc.Random things thrown into the bunch include pizza and miso soup.  Specialty of the day was roast duck.  On the far left section, they have a salad bar that remains untouched, including jello, canned lychee, and canned longans.  A small dessert section is available, but a very cool self serve ice cream area that includes eight flavors!  Service: They are pretty good about clearing your plates and refilling your sodas.  And I do mean, really good about making sure you're filling up on soda!Overall, a large selection, but lacking in flavor for a lot of food items.  You'll noticed it's mostly non-Asians eating there, which is a always a sign to me.  Lunch buffet Monday through Friday, 11:00 am to 3:30 pm - $7.25/ppDinner buffet Monday through Friday, 4:00 pm to 9:30 pm - $10.99/ppWeekends and Holidays, All Day - $11.50/pp (Under three years old are free.)You can also get the buffet items to go! (Lunch: $7.25/box; Dinner: $9.99/box)They offer a frequent eater card per person, dine there 8 times, get your ninth one free!  And there's a 10% discount for senior citizens 60 years and older.Monday through Friday, 4 pm to 9:30 pm
1	OkGross.I could go on and on about why this place was terrible.I'll summarize instead.1.  Their "sushi bar" is a joke.  They only have Krab products.  Thats it.  I grabbed a roll that looked like a Philly roll, only to find out they used carrots instead of salmon!??!  Sigh.  And gross.2.  I didn't think the selection was great3.  Some of the food was coldish....That's all I got.  Its cheap, 8$ a person at lunch. The only thing I found edible was the crab rangoon, and that even tasted like the standard greasy chinese delivery type puffies.I'll never go back, I'd rather eat at McDonalds.And I hate McDonalds.
1	Hot food is barely Warm. For a place advertise "seafood" as speciality. it is disappointing. They need to take cooking class.
1	yech!  i don't want to waste my time even writing about it....it brings back bad memories and a bad taste in my  mouth.  don't say i didn't warn you :-p
1	fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.  my mom pulled the veto card tonight.  when she does that, the family must comply or suffer.  but in this case, we all complied and suffered.
3	somewhat schizophrenic...restaurant has 2 sides...one side appears to be a standard Chinese buffet but we didn't do that side.We went on the 'hot pot' side which apparently replicates a fairly common Chinese method of social eating...think fondue.You get gas fired cookers on your table, the number of cookers depends upon the number of diners and we had 2 cookers for 6 adults. One was half filled plain type of mixture, I'm not sure it was oil, it appeared to be more like a chicken broth. The other side was spiced with chilis. They provide wire scoops/utensils for putting items in or taking them out.The buffet had a variety of fish, meat, vegetables, tofu, crab etc. and you load a plate and put into the rapidly boiling mix and most stuff cooks rather rapidly. The quality of the items seemed to be quite good but the mixtures boil down and have to be replenished and the chili side seemed to get most of the play and somewhat gunked up after an hour or so.I found I could wrap some mushies and beef inside of some spinach and tofu skin, put it into the spicy side and 2 minutes later, get a really tasty lumpy concoction. Tried the dried blood...not for me. Crab was just too much trouble, shrimp was awesome.If you do this, make sure that you get at least a half regular and half spicy pot because I found I had little interest in the plain side.But it seems pretty clear that this isn't as much about the food but rather about sitting around and talking and getting to eat some things while you hang. It's less about eating and more about socializing...which I gather is somewhat common in many areas in China.Never bothered with the desserts but they seemed to be nothing special. I had to take some rice from the regular buffet side (it was really good). All in all, it was a fun evening and I think we spent about 2 1/2 hours there and I doubt I ate enough to hurt them for the cost.Seemed to me that the 'hot pot' side was mostly Chinese and that caucasians like me wouldn't normally know about this or what to do...but you do...think fondue
2	Hot pot ( oriental version of fondue) is more for social gathering than good food. You do that for fun less for taste.A group friend invited me for "hot pot", I told them about my prior experience at Asian Seafood; outdated seafood  soak in Luke warm water for several hours, It must have billion and Billions of bacteria. but they convince me, hot pot use fresh seafood -not outdated seafood, Well, I won't turn down a FREE meal - all expanse paid meal don't come that often. I will have to admit seafood seem fresh, uncooked; (hot pot only not the regular steam table), I will admit, I had a FUN time with my friends. So,,,how it it taste? well it is fresh, taste like seafood soak in spicy broth.
1	Out of business! Boo.
