5	First time to Montreal, so...I was very scared of trying a new Barber since I'm very finicky about my fades.  But, I didn't have a choice since I was here for a month and my hair was already looking was a bit shaggy.  I just couldn't go a whole month looking bad...right!?  lol!  Anyways, I decided to look around the hotel I was staying at...I asked the locals and mostly recommended this place.  So, I decided and said what the heck!  I get there and I was greeted by three nice ladies that were cutting hair.  Something I wasn't expecting, I was expecting men since they state that they're a Barbershop.  Oh well, I still went with it...and to my surprise, the lady actually did an awesome job cutting my hair.  Not only did I receive and awesome haircut...but, I was given some good coffee on the way out.  Cool way to end my wonderful experience!  :)I recommend this place!!!  :)
5	Took me a while to find a good and affordable place to get my hair cut. The location is conveniently near my work downtown. The ladies there are bilingual and helpful with ideas on what to do with my hair. Plus it doesn't hurt that the ambience is classy as well.
5	Popped in here for a quick buzz cut while visiting town and I have to say, I had a delightful experience.  The young lady who cut my hair was friendly, efficient and professional.   She had dyed red hair, glasses and tattoos and was seriously one of the nicest hair cutters I've ever met.Prices were reasonable (mine was $15 but I just got buzzed all over with clippers.  other haircuts would cost more) and I was in and out quickly.Be careful you walk into the correct door...I accidentally went to the next door and ended up walking into a massage parlor!
5	I used to get my hair cut at a salon where I knew I could count on paying at least $40 for a simple fade and trim. I mean, it was a good fade and trim, but $40?! Seriously, that's way too much. So I decided I should try something more along the lines of a traditional barbershop to save some cash. And then I found Andie's.Andie's is not a traditional barbershop, in the sense that you don't show up and talk to some 70-year old Italian dude who'll stare you dead in the eyes while giving you a military-grade flattop. No, it's run by a few awesome and personable women who really know how to give a good haircut. Whether you want a classic cut or something more trendy, they'll be able to hook you up no problem. And the best part: it's super cheap, especially for students! Bottom line: if you're looking for a cheap, convenient, and solid haircut in downtown Montreal, Andie's is your best bet.
4	Very happy with the cut. English and French is spoken. It's busy on a Saturday so expect a bit of a wait. My only thing left to be desired was I missed the neck shave the old Italian barbers do. Otherwise, great job.
