3	Workers have no issues dealing with the lunchtime rush, handling everything calmly and courteously. Feels a bit cramped inside though.
3	I always end up eating at this Subway.  I really like my chicken teriyaki salads.  However, some of the workers are really... interesting people.  There is an older man who literally takes ten minutes to make a salad or sandwich because he doesn't understand English very well.  Then there's another young guy who doesn't listen and puts the wrong things on the sandwich (even if you repeat the same word over and over... if I say "pickles... pickles... PICKLES!", I probably want pickles).Still, this is down the street from my apartment.  It's clean enough.  The service is lacking, but not enough for me to avoid the place.  Whatever.  It's Subway.  If I want a gourmet meal, I'll go elsewhere.
3	Ran here to get a sub sandwich.  I got the turkey sub with provolone cheese and piled on the veggies.  The girl helping was nice, however very sloppy.  She didn't evenly distribute my veggies, so every bite wasn't the same.  She packed on the mayo so I felt as if I was drinking my sandwich and it wasn't rolled up nicely so my sub almost fell out of the packaging.  I'm not really feeling like there's anything else to say about it.  It's a Subway.  They all smell the same, look the same and feel the same.  The food is good.  The overall experience is just alright.
5	I go to this this Subway because it's between my house and my gym.  I like to go  in the morning and have the breakfast eggwhite subs on flatbread. The staff here are pretty quick and friendly.
2	I went here on a Thursday afternoon when it wasn't really busy and the vibe I got from the employees was that they really disliked their job. I have been here numerous times and its the same thing every time. I also got sick from the food this time which prompted me to write about it. I think I will try avoiding this place from now on.
2	Used to go to this subway all the time. But stopped going after I got extremely sick. They're employees always gave off the vibe that they hate their job and this one employee moves soo slow. Expect to wait a half hour if he's making your sub. And he also gave me a huge thick slice of turkey (it was the end) and I was just disgusted so I decided to stop going their.
