4	I've been to a few Schlotzky's around the valley and this one is actually surprisingly one of the nicer ones.  It's clean with plenty of space for even the largest working group lunch.  Service comes quick, and they have this southwestern sandwich that is great!If you're one of the many people who work for a large company on the Dunlap corporate freeway, this is not a bad place to grab a bite before the second half of your work day.One quick tip - it's kind of tough to find, but it's a stone's throw north of Dunlap on the frontage rd.  You have to go back and around a building to find it though.
4	I think all sandwich shops should have a drive thru! I live close by and like to roll through here at least once a month.The sandwiches are always spot on! And dont get me started on their BBQ chips! The employees are a bit "cracky" but super friendly and funny and I love them! This location has been there for years and I hope it stays that way!
4	1.Yesterday there was some kind of SNAFU down at the west side Schlotzky's.  Apparently it is not possible for the employees of this establishment to apply sliced avocado to a sandwich.  They have in their possession both guacamole and sliced avocados, but only guacamole is permitted on the sandwiches.  Rules is rules.2.The food was fantastic.  The iced tea was perfect.3.What is with the weird marketing?  I don't want to think about how Arizona schools are some of the worst in the country while I eat.  Using the "lotz" from the name Schlotzky's to make claims like "lotz better" is a cheez ball move.  Iz there some kind of connection to naming the bread "bunz"?  When the ownerz found out their nephew had a MySpace page, they must have hired him to re-brand their product for the internetz generation. Too bad they didn't know he waz a putz.
4	Yum. Love Schlotzskys.  This location was good.  Clean, quiet, and prompt service.  No complaints.
1	i had my first sandwich at this chain yesterday.  i really expected so much more but was completely disappointed.  i ordered the beef provolone but asked them to use mozzarella instead.  they never told me or asked me what size i wanted and i was not sure there were different sizes.  i had a coupon for a small which i discovered later and when i went to window she had prepared the medium.  i had to wait extra time while they made another.  all the while other cars in back of me had to wait.with the first bite i knew it was not what i expected.  the meat was like a lunch meat instead of real sliced deli beef. could hardly find the mozzarella either.  only good thing was the toasted bun.  even arby's roast beef is better than this which is a real stretch of the imagination.
5	Down the street from my office, I love this place! The turkey bacon sandwich with lots of their spicy sauce is delicious! And the lady at the cashier always has a joke or pun to tell, makes a crappy day into a better one.
4	Schlotzsky's is a quick service sandwich chain. They serve a unique sandwich that I enjoyed very much. I also thought that the prices were reasonable. I did not like the cookies though and would recommend avoiding those even though they were cheap. Other than that its a solid place that I would return to.
5	While I know this place is a chain anyone who has not tried their sandwiches needs to come in at least once. The bread is delicious and holds up well under any of the fantastic combinations they offer.  They offer 3 different sizes of sandwich and the large will easily feed 2 people.This particular location is clean and quiet for a Saturday evening.  It also boasts a Cinnabon within its doors in case you want a different kind of dessert. Kids eat free as well on Tuesdays a feature I will have try next time I have a craving for one of their filling creations.
5	This place always has great sandwiches and great service. Would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a good sandwich.
1	I order online and they are always dead in the evening and never have it ready when I come in after the order time.
3	After seeing a advert claiming that Schlotzky's is not just a sandwich I had to find out for myself. Upon entering the restaurant I was pleasantly greeted by a kind worker and bountiful menu. The rueben sandwich was pretty good and all but not quite worth the 7$$$. The bathroom was comfortable but for a single person and my time in there felt rushed. 3.5 out of 5 stars.
5	2nd time I 've been here- ordered a sausage and basil flatbread, thought it was a sandwich. it was not- but what a great surprise I could NOT believe I got something so tasty from a drive thru!!!
1	Horrible drive thru... one car ahead of me and wait was over 10 minutes and my food wasn't even ready. Do not stop here if you are wanting fast service.
1	Bad bad bad! I love other schlotzsky's but stay away from this location. After ordering our sandwiches we were told they were out if tomatoes (a sandwich shop out of tomatoes really?) then waited in the drive thru and they got the meat wrong for the sandwich so even a longer wait... Got home sandwich was dry and not worth it. Epic fail for the second time at this location, I won't be back.
