3	So sllllloooowww. Ordered a fiesta plate,Beef kalaguen, and a spam musubi. Waited almost 50 minutes for it. So don't go when it's busy. Or order ahead.  Summary: long wait time. skip the grilled meats and get the other items. Onto the plate: Sub the salad if possible it's a throwaway and makes the fiesta plate feel like it's not worth the price. Can the red rice can be more red? If eaten with the meats it gets lost. And the meat just tastes like grilled meats. The beef and pork was tough. Chicken was the best. The chicken kelaguen was good reminded me of larb. But the best thing were the shrimp patties! Crispy outside and tender in the center. Beef kelaguen was nice (like beef ceviche) and one of the better things i had. Ordered it with yummy corn (+1$) titiya(tortilla) Spam musubi was good but again would be better if the red rice was more spiced or however they make it. Tasted like any other musubi.I'm no expert in Guam food but I didn't feel like I got a real taste of it from what I ordered.
5	Red Rice serves the best chicken kelaguen!  I am Chamoru and grew up eating Chamoru food and this place by far has the best chicken kelaguen I have ever had.  I ordered the Grand Opening Plate which had 2 scoops of red rice, 1 scoop of chicken kelaguen, 1 lumpia, 1 shrimp patty, house salad (it was a choice between potato salad, grilled eggplant with coconut milk, or cucumber salad), bbq chicken, 1 bbq pork rib, bbq beef and a side of dipping sauce for the meat. The red rice was as it should be, orange-reddish color and not dry or too wet with a subtle flavor of achote which definitely complimented the other items on the plate.  The bbq chicken was my favorite out of all the bbq.  Grilled eggplant with coconut milk was just like my mom used to make, creamy and somewhat smoky with a slight citrus twist.  I went to Red Rice for dinner during their grand opening and though there was a bit of a wait, it was understandable.  The service was great though.  They apologized for the wait and even gave me 10% off my next visit which is a plus because I will be back.  The only con was the limited parking but I didn't mind walking over from the adjacent plaza.  Red Rice definitely does Guam proud!
5	Red Rice knows Chamorro food! My fiance is from Guam and she brought me back&we stayed for five years. I fell in love with the culture, the family and the food. One of the first things I looked for, when we moved back to Vegas was a Chamorro restaraunt&unfortunately there was nothing. Thankfully, right before we died from the lack of Chamorro food, Red Rice opened up. &this is a real Chamorro joint. You could feel the love in the food, see the pride in Guam and smell home. If you haven't been&you like good food, you NEED to go. Don't wait another second, give your body the deliciousness of what Red Rice has to offer! We will be back... probably tmrw.
3	I was born & raised on Guam so was so excited with all the hype of a Guam restaurant opening up.  I ordered the fiesta plate which had a lil bit of the main dishes. Can you say sodium overdose? Was a Lil disappointed to be honest because everything is JUST OK.  Wasn't terrible but nothing great either.  It's different for Vegas so I think they will do ok. I'll leave it this way - I would go back only cuz they are the only Guam restaurant in Vegas and u need to get my Guam food fix every now and then so it's good enough I guess.
4	As a person who have lots of Chamorro friends,  they've been hyping the place up on Facebook even before they opened.Here's my two cents: food was great. Tasted very authentic and now there's a place I can go to when I'm craving some red rice and kelaguen. The kimchee was also great! But, I think that next time, I will just order for pick up. Maybe it was the fact that they just opened, but the room for sitting is very limited. There's about 8 booths that seats 4 and one table for 6. There was 7 of us and someone had to sit in the car to eat. Yeah.... That wasn't too pleasant. The wait for the food is about 15-20 minutes after ordering. But the up side to that is that they make everything fresh. Aside from that, I really have no complaints when it came to the quality and taste of the food. My niece and sister loved the lumpia (egg rolls) and I also liked it and the shrimp patty is also an honorable mention. Perhaps they might expand, which I hope they do. They are garnering alot of attention in the Islander community. And I wish them the best. I hope that they become very successful! I will definitely come back..for to go. LoL
