3	The better known location is on Mill Avenue.  Which is precisely why I prefer this one down on McClintock.  There are three important things to know about Silvermine Subs.  They serve Submarine style sandwiches.  They are open until 3am, and they deliver.My personal favorites are the Dodge City, and the Georgetown with no avacado.  Don't get me wrong. I love avocado.  Lustily and with a passion that I simply can't express for most foods.  Avocado is the metaphorical cherry on my proverbial sunday.  The avocado at Silvermine's is most assuredly NOT avocado.  It is some sort of pureed concoction that strongly resembles what I would imagine would come out of the ass of an incontinent goblin.The service is pretty good, but watch them when they make your sandwich.  They are all stoned all the time.  This is a good thing in a sandwich maker, but sometimes you have to make sure they remember that you wanted extra cheese, or no tomatoes or whatever blows your skirt up.
1	I had heard good things about this place so I was pretty disappointed when the sandwich turned out to be even less appetizing than a Subway meal. And that's a stretch, cause I don't really like Subway, either. Silver Mine's subs were overpriced for a totally bland sandwich. Bummer. I imagine they'd be good if you're drunk and hungry for total crap at 2am, but I wasn't. It wasn't even filling.
3	This place isn't that bad, in fact I like the bread choice, whole wheat, white, maybe even a sub style. They have three different size meal options (small, medium, large) which I find is beneficial. Over not bad, but the staff could use a lesson in customer service (they seem high all the time I go in there)
3	18 hours of delivery service and a sandwich titled "The Mother Load" were all it took to get me to try this place.  The sandwich was ginormous, overflowing with meat, almost to the point where my arm started tingling.  The meatball sub is a sold choice also but I wouldn't recommend for delivery since it can take awhile.  I love this place and will continue to order from there as long as they deliver.
1	WORST CHEESESTEAK EVER! Note that you cannot get it without Onions or Green Peppers because, and I quote, "it's mixed in." Um, OK. So, I took a shot. What I got was a cold roll with some sweet tasting, room temperature, pressed meat in it, mashed up with some Onions or Green Peppers, topped with no cheese that was apparent to the naked eye (or could be tasted), and some shredded lettuce and tomatoes. By comparison, the Steak-Um product that you can get in your grocer's freezer section is FINE DINING. STAY FAR, FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! We never throw away food, and this went straight into the trash in favor of frozen burritos.... UGH!
3	Silvermine is great.  I order from here all the time.  They deliver until 3 am and they have a pretty extensive sandwhich menu.  The only downer is that a prereq to work here is that you must smoke massive amounts of weed sooo order your sandwhich very clearly and make sure they repeat it. : )
4	I love this place. They have a great sub called the "Silver City" which I find is a great alternative to the "Motherload." They're a little on the pricey end for subs, but I find it's worth it.The only complaints that I have is that they sometimes dont answer their phone when it's busy, therefore I feel awkward placing an order on an answering machine. That, and when they're busy, it feels like it takes forever for the food to come and they never give me ETAs.
2	if this review was based solely on those little brownies they sell, it would be 5 stars. I'm only reviewing this place bc of those pre-packaged brownies. do yourself a favor and order 27 of them, they are so tasty. if you HAVE to eat here(drunk, late night), get the sandwich that has the salami, I forget the name, and add banana peppers. but don't forget your 27 brownies, there's no point in really eating here without the brownie.
5	I don't understand why they have such a low rating. I worked here for a quick minute my freshman year of college and I ate some damn good sammies during that time.Plus they're open late night for all the drunkos leaving the bars in downtown Tempe. You should be thanking Silvermine. And their broccoli cheese soup. I wish there was one in Orange County or Los Angeles - I'm always at a loss when it comes to late night dining. Even pizza places stop delivering before infants go to bed here. Silvermine, I back you.
3	Ok, so I have to admit, there are plenty of good and bad reviews for this place, but I am a sandwich junkie so I had to try it. Also not sure why its only for those who are drink, I mean can you really taste the food when you are drunk (where has Greasy Tony's gone). Anyway I thought I would try it as I work in Tempe and I am always on the lookout for good sandwich places. One thing I have noticed now days, sandwiches are expensive and its nearly impossible to find a place that gives a good amount of food at a reasonable price. I got a roast beef sandwich and it was actually very tasty. Though it was good, the $8 for a sandwich alone is a little more than I want to spend on a regular basis. I guess I just have to decide if I want a $5 foot long that is mostly bread, or a good sandwich that is going to cost some mucho denero!
2	The subs are okay. Both times I've been in here the staff looks like they just got through smoking the hippy lettuce in the back. The only real bright spot are their brownies.
3	I remember when I was a freshman in college how excited my roommate was to have a Silvermine Subs right down the street from our dorm.  She was from Tuscon and told me how she would always make her bf drive her up to Tempe at least once a month just to get a sub.  Then my bf lived in the apartments right behind Silvermine Subs, so they became our go to food when we were lazy.  The subs were good and they had some good sandwiches to choose from, but overall it was way too pricey for such a small sandwich!
4	After going to their location on Mill, I wanted to grab some food from this location too.  I came here yesterday after my car got fixed, and was happy with the consistancy of the food.  Same tasty subs!!Surprisingly, it seems to be a college hang out. I can understand the location on Mill, but this one?  Anyways, food is reliable and tasty, affordable and easy to access.  Will return in the future.
3	In total loser fashion... I decided to order some delivery from here. A large Corde De Lane... Is that spelled right? lol... Pretty much its a French Dip Sandwich. They took a lot faster than I thought they would - less than 30 minutes. yay!The beef was very tender and thinly sliced. The provolone cheese that I ordered to go with it was way yummy too! My only complaint was that the aju was a little too salty. I also would like it if they actually had sized that made sense... who wants an 8" or 11" sub?? How about 6 or 12 inch sub?! The food was yummy and I'll definatly be ordering from them again! Especially considering they are open all hours of the night and deliver until 3! :D whoo hoo!!
3	Wanted to order something in tonight but was not in the mood for pizza, so we decided on subs. Silver Mine vs. Jimmy Johns? We decided on SMS and I was pumped that they had an online ordering system, much easier than delivering complicated orders over the phone. So we ordered placed our order, and waited. and waited. and waited some more. About 20 minutes after our "estimated time of delivery", we gave them a call and asked how our order was coming along. The person on the other side of the phone said that the delivery guy was out and we asked how long they would be. They responded "I don't know, I don't have gps". I honestly found it quite funny, but my friend who was talking with them had to use some restraint to not get "loud' with them. So after another 10-15 minutes, there's a knock on my door, I open, guy hands over bag and walks away. Um, ok?The sandwiches were tasty, but it might have been because we waited over an hour to get them. Plus they advertise a 2 large subs for $11.99 on their website that I for the life of me could not redeem. The quality of sandwich was good, but not sure if it would be worth the wait or price next time....
4	Stopped in to grab lunch. Was greeted by a cool guy and my sandwich was made fast!! Silver mines subs are the best. Mmm... I was so hungry!!
2	SMS, I enjoy your food, but is it so much to ask for some sort of "hello/hi/hey/good evening/thanks/your welcome" from your delivery guy?
5	i love the sandwiches here.i wish they could toast them but everybody does that.so its a good change of pace.the brocoloi cheese soups is gooooooood.and always at least foe me get extra cheese.delivery is usually consistent escpcially if you havent pissed them off.like some of my friends.2 thumbs up.
5	Love this place! The bread is always fresh. And it's open until 3 am!
3	Fresh subs that have good portions of meat and veggie to bread.  The subs are untoasted, so they taste more cool and refreshing rather than crispy and hot.  There is a pretty good selection of toppings to choose from, such as mushrooms, bell peppers, tomato, etc.  The interior is really old school, with wood panel counter and older style decor.  I really feel like a mining prospector could come in here, order a sub, and feel right at home.  Service was fast and friendly, although the sub maker messed up the order a bit and added an ingredient I didn't want and forgot an ingredient I actually wanted.  Johnny Cash was playing in the background which also added to the old school feel, and I got a brief musical history lesson from the cashier/sub guy who told me he recorded the song in Folsom prison.  The sub itself was about $6 for a medium, and while it isn't the best sub I've had, it was decent, and a good choice if I am looking for a sandwich late at night.
3	Fast delivery, decent customer service, decent subs.  Hey I gotta like it.
4	Consistently good subs. We order from them a few times a week, and have never had a SINGLE incorrect order. They're always on the ball. We're at the edge of their delivery range, and orders rarely take more than 30-45 minutes to arrive. We've never gotten sick after eating anything either. Make sure to order the bbq Pop Chips! Definitely worth a try. As far as the subs go, you can't go wrong. I haven't eaten a bad one. And they're original enough that you dont get bored, while also not being so out there, you wouldn't want more than one type of sub. I've tried most of the ones on the menu!I can't speak about in store quality, as I've never been in there. We always get Silvermine delivered. Also, after ~12am, thy're one of the few places that still deliver (till 3am)!
4	Cool, a step up from Subway.With Entertainment Book coupons in hand, we walked in not knowing what to expect.  I'm really glad we did--these guys make a hell of a tasty sammich.  The banana peppers (which I really love) are a little hotter here than the ones they use as Subway, and the sammiches overall tasted fresher and better.Two more pluses--they deliver (for a charge), and they're open until 3am.  Nice.  I have found my new sandwich shop.
2	I've ordered from Silver Mine Subs four times now. Every time I order I get something I like and many things I don't like. And it doesn't seem to be getting better. Because of this I think I'm done with Silver Mine. Here are my reasons:The Good:-The Veggies: I've never had bad veggies. They are always fresh and quite generous. I am excluding the avocado.-You can order late either over the phone or online for delivery or take-out. The Bad:-The Bread: it's overly soft and squishy. While it holds up under sauce it gets really squishy really fast and is quite tasteless.-The avocado: well, it's more like avocado spread. And it's tasteless. The Ugly:-The chicken: it's often full of fat and questionable tasting.This place just isn't good enough to get my business anymore. If the food was more flavorful and the chicken wasn't so gross I would be willing to try the food again.
1	The empty parking lot at dinner time should have been our first clue but we persevered. We had seen the menu online and had decided to split two sandwiches, Boomtown and whatever they call their French dip. The "BLT"sandwich making consisted of putting pre-made cold bacon on some bread with a glob of mayo,a sprinkle of lettuce and some unripened tomatoes. The French dip was dried up "meat",in the broadest definition of meat you can have, pulled out of a tub of liquid and slapped on a loaf of bread. That's it. No cheese, onions or mushrooms as a normal French dip would consist of. Now truthfully I was scared of what kind of damage this mystery meat would do to my stomach but I tried to keep an open mind. The "BLT" was mediocre at best. The bacon, cold and hard. All I could taste was bacon grease, which coated my mouth. I tried the French dip aka mystery meat wad on crusty bread. I can't really describe its taste but the texture and temperature of it was so off putting. Dried, cold.....meat. I had two bites and decided a bowl of oatmeal sounded better than a night worshiping the porcelain god.
1	Gross late night subs delivered by a nice sketchy crew of degenerates. The meatball sub is made with tasty frozen meatballs from the store, and they taste like shit. Cookies are prepackaged and are probably from 2005. Delivery can take a long long time, and don't expect change from your driver. Late night dining needs to be better than this.
1	I wish i could give zero stars. They said i was taking advantage of free delievery when they give you a coupon everytime you order, drivers never ask for coupon but sure do want their tip to drive 1/4 mile down the road. Train your drivers right, to ask for a coupon if theirs a issue. GM got on the phone and started to laugh at what i was saying. Nobody at corporate office answers or returns calls. Booooooooooooo
1	This review is based on delivery, service and food quality as delivered.Second and last time I will be ordering from this place. The first time they forgot a few items and were very off for delivery time. Tonight I Ordered at 11:03 PM, estimated delivery at 11:50 updated to 11:54 PM (from a whopping 1.5 miles away to add). 11:54 comes and goes. Call them, at 12:07 AM now, I am told they are on their way (1.5 miles away keep in mind). Call back at 12:40 AM to cancel my order as I do not want to eat at 1:00 AM. They actually come to deliver while I am on hold waiting at 12:44 AM. My "hot sub" is ice cold, there's nothing like the taste of cold greasy bacon and chicken close to 1:00 AM on a Monday (now Tuesday) night...if you are going to take nearly 2 hours to deliver this, at least make sure the temperature is somewhat close to where it is supposed to be....never again silver mine...never again.This place probably has a "good taste potential". Unfortunately, like most "hot food" the taste quality substantially decreases the longer it sits...in a fridge, alley, or wherever they decided to leave it for nearly 2 hours. If you feel the need to get food from here..for the love of sub kings please just DON'T GET DELIVERY!
4	This place is my staple for a sandwich when I am hungry. I will admit the fact I can get a delivery at 2:00 am has been a perk at times. I get a nice consistent sandwich every time.
4	They're fast, the food is delicious, they're open late... Love!
1	Pissed me and my wife off.  I understand that the delivery person has a tight schedule, but this is BAD.Every once in a while, we order a sandwich from here.  Most recently, we ordered one for our daughter to get delivered to our house.  Apparently, our daughter didn't hear the doorbell ring when the guy arrived at the house (she is hearing impaired).  When my wife didn't immediately pick up the delivery guy's phone call, he moved on to his next delivery--I get this.  However, when my wife called him back a minute later, the guy refused to redeliver the sandwich, saying that he didn't want to waste his time.  Interesting.Our doorbell is loud and plays for an extended amount of time--I'm surprised that she didn't hear it (she hears it every other time there's a delivery-why not from Silver Mine?)  We were also very surprised at the reaction from the delivery guy.  Again, I completely understand that he's got a lot of deliveries to take all over town, but his attitude really sucked eggs.  You don't refuse service from a paying customer, period.  The guy at the store tried to make excuses for him, but we weren't really having it.  The sandwich did eventually get redelivered, but it took a phone call to the shop to do it.  Not acceptable.It's not the cheapest place to order a sandwich from--we like it because the sandwiches are high quality.  It's not worth it we get treated like this, though.  We want food, not 'tude.  Got it?
4	I've been to this Silver Mine literally over 25 times when I used to live across the street. They are extremely fast when making your items and very pleasant to talk with in the mean time. I usually go with the buffalo stampede (buffalo chicken), steam engine (meatball) or the cripple creek (chicken-bacon-ranch), but all their choices are outstanding. Price is the same as most other sub shops, around $7 for an 8 inch sandwich. Be sure to check the website because they always have some kind of deal going on. The only reason I held out on the final star is because their meat quality (mainly chicken) is not up to par, seems processed. Other than that, I love Silver Mine and will continue to dine here.
4	There is something so comforting about silvermines. It reminds me of living at home with my parents and ordering in on a Friday night and watching movies. There food isn't earth shattering by any means. But the sandwiches are consistent and customizable. They are open and making sandwiches until 3am which is amazing. Perfect for lazy nights in, or a sobering late night snack. I love that they deliver fountain drinks and pretty much anything else. I will continue to order here any time I'm job Scottsdale visiting my folks.
1	Placed my order online from their website. Waited an hour and a half like a dumbass. Called, no we never received that, our fax machine is acting up. Fuck you.
4	Awesome sandwiches!  The meatball is as good as it gets.  They have kids meals and a clean place to eat with the family.  Fast, good,  affordable.  What more could you want?
5	The clock struck 12:30AM and I was distraught with hunger. Through the gleaming light of the internet, GrubHub showed me Silver Mine Subs, which was surprisingly still open. I checked out several other Yelp reviews, some of which were one or two stars, and I reluctantly ordered. My ETA for delivery was around 1:30AM, which is quite standard with most delivery places online. So, when the doorbell rang at around 1:00AM, I was quite surprised to see the delivery man! All in all, I had an amazing experience with Silver Mine Subs, and I will definitely be ordering again. Food/Review Break-Down:Menu/Variety: Quite a wide variety of options, there's something for everyone. 5/5Delivery Speed: Quicker than expected! Now, it was during the middle of the night, so I can't speak for how they are throughout a busy day. 5/5Cheese steak: Phenomenal. As others have mentioned, Silver Mine uses VERY soft rolls. Which, if you're from the East Coast like I am, you will appreciate. I personally like a soft roll, but I can see how others wouldn't. This sandwich in particular uses Pepper jack cheese, which I've never had on a cheese steak before. It was a pleasant surprise, and added just enough spice to the sandwich. There was a generous amount of steak on there as well, which most sub places will skimp on. The steak wasn't amazing or anything, tasted pretty ordinary, but it was definitely packed on there. I ordered this without onions or green peppers, and had no problem getting just the meat and cheese. Pretty decently sized for the price. 5/5Bowl of Chili: Good chili! They give you a pretty decent amount and you have the option or bread or crackers. I ordered mine with crackers, which were oyster style. I don't eat chili much, but this was pretty flavorful in my book. 4/5Brownie: NOM. It's a "chocolate chunk" style brownie, and boy is it good. Very soft and chewy. It's pretty decently sized, I'd say it's the perfect serving for one person. if you order for two people, I'd recommend ordering one for each of you, unless you want to share. Which, with this brownie, you sure don't. 5/5
5	Best sub shop in phoenix bar none. You know that really big national chain of sub shops? After eating at silvermine that place will taste like garbage. And that place that delivers really fast? Taste like paper compared to the delicious subs at silvermine that deliver into the crazy hours of your insomniac life! The cripple creek is a staple. Don't forget the other one-with like turkey and bacon and guac. Forget the name because who cares PUT IT IN YOUR MOUTH AND LIVE LIFE BEYOND THE STATUS QUO
1	I placed an order online through their website. After an hour I called to see where my order was. They said that it didn't come trough the fax. They finally got my order and said it would be here shortly. After another full hour (2 hours!!!!) of waiting I called back. They said the person was on the road with it. I said I wouldn't order delivery from them again and the manager had the nerve to say "that's ok I don't mind"!!!! Seriously work on your customer service skills!
5	It was 2 am and I was starving.  Excellent delivery time and the meatball marinara was excellent! Thanks! I'll be ordering from you guys again late at night I'm sure!
5	Great place, great food and awesome staff. Had a good experience and will be back again!
2	The best way I can describe the taste of these subs is to say that they are like a more expensive Subway.  Twenty bucks for two subs, 2 chips and one drink.  Subway would have been cheaper and tasted the same.  There was an ample amount of meat and the bread was soft, but my sub was very salty and I think they forgot the vinegar, oil, and seasonings that were supposed to come on it.
5	Love silvermines, love brad and his crew on kyrene sad to see that location closing! But no bad experience at any location.
2	Other than showing up with food, Silver Mine Subs had a worse than Subway subs performance.  They did show up with food, which is ...good?  But really, the hot sub was cold and obviously had never been warmed based on the rock hard never been melted provolone.  I guess they will work in a pinch, but really, really sub-par.
1	We have had excellent food and service from other locations,  however, this location has continually messed up our online order and delivered at least 30 minutes later than the 45 minute delivery time. I miss the other locations.  This restaurant has lost our business.
3	I'm torn about this place. I'm not a pizza fan so late at night I will get a sub. so some times my food will take forever to get here and it ends up being soggy and not very good. but when it gets here on time it's good food. so not a lot of complaints.
2	Although the customer service was super pleasant, the sub sandwiches were not.  They are great for a drunk person that just has the munchies but not the place if you are looking for quality.
4	The staff is really friendly and alway willing to help out with your order. I have been here quite a few times and each sub is worth trying. Today I got the Mother Lode and it was perfect, tons of meat and veggies. Worth trying over the subway craze.
