5	Attended the Grand Opening of Cafe South (I-77 & Arrowood Road)What a wonderful experience!The western omletes are the best!  Grits are cooked just right!  Warm biscuits! and the Belgian Waffle was devine!We're going back tonight!Went back to Cafe South for dinner - we had a 12 oz. freshly cut rib eye steak, baked potato, salad - and marinated chicken tips with candied yams and fried squash - Everything was PERFECT!! We have been looking for great place to eat and Cafe South is it - their motto is:CUSTOMER SATISFACTION(and we were TOTALLY Satisfied!!)
4	Restaurant opened today, and my daughter and I decided to give it a try, since we were staying at a hotel nearby.  We came for dinner, and I ordered the fried flounder and popcorn shrimp combo, while my daughter had the spaghetti with a side of mac and cheese.I found the shrimp to be really good and flounder was decent.  The hush puppies were very good, and I ordered green beans and okra on the side.  The green beans were full of flavor and clearly made from scratch.  The okra was standard restaurant okra and was fine.  My daughter said she liked the spaghetti, not as good as home, but better than what the school serves, so I guess that's a passing grade.  She was more fond of the mac and cheese, which was clearly made from scratch and appeared to be cooked in the oven, as opposed to over the stove.We split a red velvet cupcake for dessert, which was very good and clearly made from scratch (all the desserts look fantastic), although very small and overpriced, which is surprising considering how reasonably priced the dinner menu was.We will definitely dine here again, as the menu is original and diverse in selection, and, for the most part, the food lives up to the "home cooked" billing they give it.
4	I have been here three times...its located at my workplace.  The Hobo for breakfast was delicious...I cleaned the plate.  On my second trip, for lunch, I had the Rueben burger...yep, thats right, Rueben burger...OMG it is fantastic---you gotta try this thing.  The last time was the Gyro platter...large portion and wonderful.  Great service and clean...Hmm..may go there this morning and get that western omelete...
5	I've gotta say, I have not been treated that well in years.  The food was good, but Theresa treated us like gold. Her attention to detail and genuine kindness was wonderful.  She got all of our special requests exactly right. My niece has very strict dietary restrictions, and she made sure that everything was handled correctly. The prices were fair. We will be back!
4	Great country fried steak, mac & cheese, iced tea. The cornbread and mashed potatoes & gravy were good as well. Server was friendly and quick. Would like to return.
4	Friendly staff, clean restrooms, standard cafe decor.the menu for this place is very diverse. Don't expect world class cuisine from a cafe, and you won't be let down.For what it is,it's fantastic.
5	Fantastic place!  When I saw Pete there, I knew everything was going to be outstanding. Great vegetable selection.   Clean and friendly.
4	Good, homemade food.  Big portions and very nice wait staff.  Nicki was very friendly and kept my sweet tea full.  Will visit again on my next trip to Charlotte.  Conveniently located near numerous hotels (for out of town travelers).
4	Went here for breakfast for the first time and had a really good meal. Our server was a little "spaced out" and kept spilling things, knocking over things. etc. but we were her only table at the time. She was very friendly, just a cluster...the restaurant is very clean, looks brand new, the staff is friendly, the food is good, and the prices are right. The breakfast menu has several different options to choose from. The Hobo breakfast was delicious as was the omelet we ordered.Some advice for the owners:Get real pancake syrup dispensers-slapping down a bottle of Aunt Jemima's on the table is pretty tacky.Get a better pancake recipe. The pancakes are super flat, dry, and over cooked. I know this not ihop, but I can make better pancakes than the ones we were served.
4	Literally stumbled into this gem while staying next door at the Hyatt place.  Needed relief from "diet food" I've been good but felt I needed a break.  This place serves real food with genuine sincerity.  It's a must try.  Yes, I went deep (fried chicken, mmmmm) but since my stomach shrunk, I believe I didn't do much damage. LOL.  Thank you Cafe South for saving me from powdered eggs and fast food!
4	While out and about, my wife and I came across this restaurant. Similar to a Perkins, the waitstaff was quite friendly. On this occasion, we tried: Deep fried catfish w/ff & sweet cornChopped BBQ pork w/fried okra & collard greensDefinitely a nice touch to Southern cuisine. Next time we're int he area, we'll search for this place again.
5	My review is mostly for the staff, I used to work down the road from here and would stop by to meet my mom for lunch about once or twice a week. We became somewhat of regulars and the staff wave and say hi when we walk in. everyone is attentive and friendly and the food is pretty good as well. It has a great diner feel and its always worth stopping by.
5	Great addition to Southwest Charlotte.  Clean and LOCAL atmosphere with great food!  I had an 8oz burger with the tortellini pasta salad.  I was very impressed with the quality.  Amazing service too!
4	I'm a fan. Me and my coworkers frequent this place for lunch. Friendly service, great food, decent prices.
5	Absolutely awesome experience! The food was delectable, the portions were huge and our server Mary was fantastic! We will definitely be back! :)
5	We recently met some friends here for lunch and we were pleasantly surprised with our visit!  Our service was excellent, the food was delicious, and the prices were very reasonable.  Looking at the menu, I saw the typical diner-style offerings that were common in joints owned by Greek families when I was a kid growing up in Charlotte.Here, you will find a huge selection including sandwiches, salads, burgers, or a vast selection of entrees including the traditional "meat & 2" offerings (including baked or fried chicken, thanksgiving dinner, fried catfish or flounder, meatloaf, etc...).  The entrees are served with your choice of a roll or cornbread. The side dish options include such southern staples as fried okra, mac & cheese, green beans, collard greens, mashed potatoes, Lima beans, corn fries, onion rings, rice, fried squash, candied yams, banana pudding, and many more traditional southern favorites.  There were so many yummy sides that on my next visit, I may have to go for a veggie plate (you can choose a veggie plate with 3 or 4 sides). For my lunch, I decided on the baked chicken (you get to specify whether you want white meat or dark meat), corn bread, mac & cheese and fried okra.  Everything was well-seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The mac & cheese wasn't as good as grandma's - but it as close as you can get in a restaurant! 2 of the folks at my table ordered dessert, so I got to try a bite of each.  First the pecan pie - I would not order this. It is nothing like grandma's - too much mushy filling and not enough pecans. Disappointing... it seemed to be "commercial grade pie" rather than "home-made pie" in my opinion.  Next up was the peach cobbler - our server really talked this one up, but again, it fell short of my expectations. It was better than the pecan pie, but not as flavorful as I had hoped.  (Maybe they can do a better job on this when fresh peaches are available?)  In any case, next time I'll just have to order my own dessert and of course, it will be the banana pudding.All in all, this place serves up good honest food - nothing fancy - but just yummy.  I really wish there were places like this closer to my neighborhood!
3	A-OK perfectly describes our lunch visit to Cafe South today.  I would not go out of my way to eat here, but we will probably return for the occasional lunch of meat, tea and two for a reasonable price.   We also thought that breakfast is probably really good here, so we may have to blow off work one morning to try it.  Located just off of Arrowood near the 77 exits (previously a Bob Evans), the signage made it easy for my co-pilot to spot.  Parking was fine.  If you need to get back to 77, you will need to make a u-turn at the light after exiting the parking lot onto Arrowood, or exit through the back of the parking lot and drive between the hotels to get to the stoplight.  Arriving at 11:30, a little before the lunch crowd which seemed to all be regulars, we were quickly seated by the smiling hostess and then immediately greeted by our friendly waitress who took our drink order.  Service was 5-star - our drinks were kept filled and food was quickly brought as it popped up at the pass.  The lunch: We ordered the spinach artichoke dip as an appetizer.   I ordered the country fried steak, white gravy on the side, with sides of collard greens and mac and cheese.  When asked if we wanted dinner rolls or corn bread, we simultaneously said "corn bread!".  Spinach artichoke dip:  Served hot with tortilla chips.  Standard dip, nothing fancy or odd.  Was creamy and tasty with plenty of spinach.  Country fried steak + gravy:  Instead of one large piece of meat that takes up the plate and is difficult to slice, my serving was two medium sized pieces of meat (a little larger than a Wendy's burger patty). The meat was tender and the fried coating stayed on the steak when cutting.  The gravy was a little bland, but nothing the salt and pepper shaker couldn't help.  (I find diner type restaurants typically are on the bland side of seasonings - you can always add salt and/or pepper to suit your taste, no big).Collards - the first few bites were okay, again not a lot of seasoning, the last few bites were a little bitter.Mac and cheese - sort of like homemade, but again on the under-flavored side.  It was fine.Cornbread - yummy!  It is cake-like in consistency and sweet.  Good with a swipe of butter.The dessert case looked amazing, with different kinds of cakes, pies and baklava, but I was way too full from lunch to even consider it.  Fast, friendly and priced right, this is a neat little diner.
4	We were really sad to see Bob Evans go as we really enjoy their breakfasts and especially their dinner plates. So when Cafe South eventually opened in the same building with very few changes, we thought we would give it a try.Yep, nothing structural has changed. The same doors, the same hostess stand, the same tables and the same counters. The menu, on the other hand, has changed quite a lot. It's what I would call "New York deli" but with a Southern flavor. A wide variety of plates and meals, ranging from meatloaf to burgers to baked chicken to Thanksgiving turkey dinners. Breakfasts include the usual egg plates, but also a challah French toast and grits and biscuits. Like I said, Southern.For dinner, I went with the meatloaf and for some reason, the brown gravy. Dumb mistake on my part. Meatloaf should be with a tomato sauce. Don't get me wrong, it was okay. But I feel like I let the side down.Service was very friendly. Helpful and sincere. Enjoyable, even.We will absolutely be back again!
4	I wanted one last 'local' meal before heading back to Portland after being in Charlotte on business.  I looked to Yelp as I often do for a highly rated, local place. I am also trying to get my parents out of their chain restaurant rut.  Cafe South fit the bill.Being the middle of the afternoon we were seated immediately.  Mom ordered a chicken quasadilla; the portion was more than she could eat in a sitting & the chicken tasted fresh grilled (as opposed to cooked, frozen, thawed & served).  Dad got a burger; he's not a man of many words but commented 3 times how good it was.  I ordered the crab cakes which came with 3 hush puppies and choice of 2 sides. From the long list of side options I picked mac & cheese and a sweet potato (which the sound of which I was drooling over).  The crab cakes were perfectly seasoned, the onion batter hush puppies (which I prefer to corn bread HP's) and the mac & cheese was perfect. My one complaint, why I gave 4 and not 5 stars: When our food was brought to our table the waitress at that time informed me that they were out of sweet potatoes, causing me to have to order another side.  I was disappointed that I was not made aware of this when I placed my order or prior to it being delivered to the table.  The waitress- who was kind, friendly & funny- did not bring a menu back.  Since I could only recall a few, I selected sweet potato fries instead, which I had forgotten were $1 extra (the only side, I will mention that had a surcharge).  One would think since they ran out of my 1st choice they would have offered the fires without the surcharge but I was charged it anyway.If you are traveling I77 through south Charlotte and need a break & good food this is your place.  Good, quality food at a good price without the boredom of a chain.PS-- Not being aware the building formerly housed a Bob Evans, my father actually commented it looked like one. lol
4	Nice place and the owner and staff are super nice. The seafood is fresh and delicious. Fried chicken is great. Not a fan of the desserts but everything else is delicious. I usually get a shrimp plate when my husband and I go here. It is fresh, crisp and reasonably priced.
4	What a great breakfast or meat and 2 location. Was touring in Charlotte and this place happened to be across the street from the hotel. Decided to give it a shot for breakfast based on Yelp reviews and will certainly return on my many trips up here.Nice little Greek diner setup with amazingly inexpensive prices. Large portions. Tried the catfish and eggs for breakfast and absolutely loved the light and flaky batter on the fish. Almost no oil. The scrambled eggs were a bit dry, but the bacon, english muffins, creamy grits, and home fries were all absolutely delicious.Saw the Baklava and pies / cakes in the cooler as we were leaving and it looked absolutely divine.Service here was spot on, very friendly, and attentive. Good stuff!
5	The fried chicken was awesome fried to golden perfection an crispy . The fried squash I asked for it to be fried hard it was an again crispy. This is my new southern place to eat yum-o can't wait to go back the shrimp looks good. Right off arrowood an I-77 great location , if your looking for southern food look no further :)
1	Been passing this place for over a year now and finally decided to give it a try. Should have kept on driving. The service was friendly but unprofessional. I do realize that this is a diner but still one expects a certain level of knowledge from their server. I ordered a veggie omelet and when it got to the table it was the meat lovers omelet. The server did even care that I had gotten the wrong item. By the time I got my correct order everyone at my table had finished their food. I took one bite and the eggs were ice cold. They still put the omelet on my check! Will never come back...
4	We decided to try this place after seeing it a few times. It was a former Bob Evans, and sometimes when places move into an ex chain, it can be bad or good. The menu is HUGE! Theres something for everyone and at decent prices. I had the open faced turkey w/ mashed potatoes, and mac and cheese. The turkeyw as thick and so juicy, really good yellow gravy and mashed. The mac and cheese is home made, but wasnt as awesome as id hoped. It isnt bad though! My fiancee had the bbq chicken and she got 2 massive pieces with fries. Service was good, food came quick, and i cant complain.
5	We stayed at the hotel next door, and after a long drive enjoyed the short stroll to dinner. After reading Yelp reviews, I chose to order the meat loaf with tomato sauce and 2 sides, macaroni and cheese (YUM! As good as Mom used to make!), and grilled vegetables, which were pleasantly seasoned. DH ordered the blackened catfish, coleslaw (very good!), and baked sweet potato. Service was fantastic; menu is incredible (so many choices!); portion sizes are generous; and food came quicker than the time it took me to decide what I wanted to order! Prices are very reasonable. For dessert, we shared an order of the molten chocolate cake and added vanilla ice cream--also very good. I highly recommend this place!
5	Do not pass this small, unassuming place by! The service is top-notch and the food is absolutely phenomenal! The reviews regarding the light use of salt are true, but for my friends and family who watch their sodium intake, it couldn't be any better. Other seasonings are spot-on! Besides, they provide plenty of condiments on the table! If I could afford it and didn't care about my weight, I would eat every single meal here! I have been here a number of times and have never had the same thing twice. Fabulous. I just can't emphasize that enough! The prices are very good, too.
4	Numerous positive Yelp reviews led us to walk over here from our nearby hotel for dinner. We were seated promptly in a booth and immediately could tell the building previously housed a Bob Evans, with the exact same lay out of tables, booths and counter I've seen many times before.Hungry from driving all day, we looked over their lengthy southern comfort food menu. Indecisive over so many mouth-watering options, I finally decided on one of my faves, hot open-face turkey sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy. When our waitress came back and looked at my quickly disappearing meal she said, "I'm not even going to ask you how your meal is...you should slow down and taste it." Yeah, it was pretty darn good, just like her sense of humor.With a convenient location (right off I-77), wonderful food, affordable pricing and great service, I completely concur with all the other positive reviews. If you find yourself in the area and hungry for some tasty southern dining, find Cafe South and enjoy.
5	Great food and service at a terrific price!  It doesn't get any better if you are looking for a casual family meal.  We were in town for the weekend and after having lunch with my wife, we went back for dinner with our children.  The next morning for breakfast, my children asked if we could go back again!  Three meals in a row at the same place is a testament to how good this place is!
3	I am a sucker for Thanksgiving dinner all year round except around the 4th Thursday in November. Being from Jersey, diners are life up there so this one was ok. The food was hot and the mac and cheese was not that greasy. Great service, rolls are terrible, but the stuffing or dressing for you southerners was excellent. Id go back.
5	got the hobo breakfast!  It was wonderfully yummy.  will definitely be returning.
5	First of all let me start by saying, the prices are amazing! Food was great, hospitality... THE BEST. We had this wonderful waitress named Mary, she was a doll, super friendly, patient and exceeded our expectations, by far the best service, food and prices. I go every chance I get since I live a bit far.
5	Delicious food, great choices, and wonderful staff! 5/5 stars
3	My mom said it best. "The prices were great! The food was just okay."Since my whole family was in town visiting, I was trying to make sure we got a few local places under our belt, outside of the typical chains ( like IHOP, Waffle House, etc). Since I've driven past this place many times and it always looks pretty packed, I was eager to give this place a try. Based on the reviews, I was ready to be beyond WOW'ed and I just wasn't. The hostess was very friendly and seated us very quickly. Our waitress was okay. She wasn't very enthusiastic or knowledgeable about the menu or great at making suggestions for first time diners. But she kept the coffee and water glasses full and got our order so I guess that makes up for it. Everyone ordered something different, so we could share and before we knew we had pancakes, french toast, a meat omelet, bacon, hash browns and grits flying around the table. My favorite by far was the french toast, it's made on challah bread and ready thick and filling with a touch of powder sugar...yum! Everything else was just pretty standard. Not bad. Just standard. There was one small downside, I wasn't a fan of the grits...perhaps that's my fault because I was secretly comparing them to Flying Biscuit...oh well! I mean I'm not writing this place off completely. I definitely want to try their lunch and dinner options. But for now, this place is just A-Ok. On a personal note, there's a waitress there named Mary and even though she didn't wait on us she is super friendly and extremely professional. As we were leaving she chatted with us, and even complimented my grandmother on how good she looked for her age...she also made sure to thank us for coming in and told us to have a great day. When I go back, I'm definitely going to request to sit in her section! She's a real jewel to the restaurant!
5	Excellent price, excellent service, and great fresh good!  I will definitely come back when I'm on this side of town again.
5	Came here today for breakfast. It was really well priced and the food was quite good, though the hash browns were a little disappointing. I also do wonder how the food gets out so quickly, because it didn't taste premade or anything. I definitely want to come back sometime for lunch or dinner. I really enjoyed breakfast! Staff was friendly. Our waitress seemed a little stiff at first but then she loosened up a bit. I learned it used to be a Bob Evans, which is the first place my family and I ate when we first moved to NC, so I suppose it was a bit nostalgic. The decor was confusing though. It was almost like a cross between a diner and a trying Italian restaurant, though I really loved the clock shaped like a skillet! 5/5. Nothing was so wrong that I had to take a star away.
4	Fantastic breakfast and lunch meals. Wonderful service every time. I've eaten hear 30+ times and breakfast for $4 can't be beat. Try getting that at Starbux. Lunch is a bit pricey (I think) but fresh and served promptly.
3	Came here when I was staying at the Hyatt nearby.  The prices are reasonable, and the food is solid.  Sweet tea is a little too sweet IMO.  Good place to grab a bite if you're staying at the hotel... or in the mood for some hearty, albeit, lackluster food.  I'm surprised at how well this place does business.  Came in pretty late but still had a fair amount of people eating.  Supreme Beef Tips is more the kitchen utilizing all the meat and saving on food costs!  I won't go out of my way to eat here again, but if I'm at the hotel (for whatever reason in the future), then I'll def go by here.dmo out.
5	Great addition to the neighborhood. A very homy place to eat. Also cheap food that tastes great! Definitely 5 stars
4	Put some south in your mouth at Cafe South.  After dropping off a colleague in Charlotte, NC (and before a long drive to Charleston, SC), I decided to pop in here in search of a hearty meal before hitting the road.  The menu is chock full of Southern comfort food items.  I opted for the chopped BBQ pork plate with choice of two "vegetables", which could include things like mac and cheese or mashed potatoes (both of which I ordered.)  Hush puppies come with any plate meal, but can be swapped for cornbread or biscuit.  The pork was quite good, not overly smoky or with too much sauce.  Mac and cheese was very tasty, with a good creamy texture and browning on top.  Was less enthused with the mashed potatoes, which tasted reminiscent of instant spuds from a box.  After dinner, I ordered the caramel apple pie.  Rather than a traditional pie crust, it had one made of buttery shortbread.  It was delicious and just the right serving size.Service was very congenial, stopping often to chat for a minute.  Cafe South is just a solid, good 'ol Southern-style diner.
4	Chicken Fried Steak and Country Fried Steak.  Both. On the same menu.  The fried catfish was very good, as was the meatloaf.  If you're looking for southern cooking- this is the place.
5	I have eating here since the doors first opened. Great hospitality! I eat here Monday through Friday, Sometimes twice a day. Breakfast is amazing and quite affordable. I really enjoy the variety for lunch. I love their chicken parm w spaghetti. They have amazing appetizers and insane deserts. The best part is the sweet tea. Sometimes on the weekend I bring my daughter for breakfast, she loves the chocolate chip pancakes. This new years resolution has been to improve my diet and this restaurant has been so accommodating and made it easy to eat on the run. But I also love this place for my cheat meal w the hot lava cake w ice cream!!!  See ya tomorrow :)
2	We saw all of the great Yelp reviews for Cafe South, so we headed...South..to try the breakfast food out.  The eggs, bacon, and hash browns were fine, but nothing amazing.  The biscuits were cold and kind of hard, so the butter did not even melt, which is an unfortunate thing.  We also fired the belgian waffle which was average, and fell right in line with the theme of this place.  Unrelated rant:This isn't a complaint about Cafe South in particular, but why are belgian waffles so damn expensive??? $4-6 for some batter that costs the place somewhere in the neighborhood of about $0.05 - $0.10 to make.  And God forbid you put some whipped cream on top, with strawberry syrup, or potentially a sprinkling of chocolate chips.....BACK UP THE F'n BRINK'S TRUCK at that point, bc this mixture of flour and water is going to run you about $12!  Stop laughing, Pancakes....bc this applies to you, too, you consistently overpriced syrup delivery system! It's time we knocked waffles/pancakes down a peg.  Far more creativity goes into making a cinnamon raisin bagel, then throwing some batter on a hot surface and spraying it with whipped cream, but we don't bow down to it and pay $5 for the chance to eat it.  ...but anyway, Cafe South wasn't that great, so I probably won't be going there again.
3	We visited 3 times during a 2 week business trip.  We had a rule of no repeats, but we were running out of options for a quick lunch by week 2 that wasn't fast food, and we also had a no fast food rule. The 1st time I had a chicken tender salad.  The chicken tenders were juicy and delicious.  I cant remember what my friend had, and the 3rd party probably had burger and fries because that is all she eats.  We also had fried pickle chips that were very crispy and tasty.  The 2nd trip I had delicious chicken and rice soup and club sandwich, I'm not sure what the other 2 had.  Really the only reason we returned the 3rd time was we saw the chicken pot pie on our 2nd trip and regretted not ordering it.  Unfortunately, we didn't know it was a Wed special and we returned on a Thursday.  We were very disappointed about that.  So I had a chicken club wrap which was very large and my friend had a club sandwich.  The 3rd party did not join us on that trip because preferred corndogs at the gas station.  The service is a little slow but I am sure its because the food is all made fresh.  I am still sad about the chicken pot pie!
5	A family owned business with exceptional customer service & wait staff. Not to mention the only Resturant  open during the winter blast in February 2014..thanks for feeding us when no one else would!
3	This place was convenient to our work location while on business for 2 weeks.  We made 3 lunch visits here.  Visit 1fried pickles to share-4me-chicken salad sandwich with chicken rice soup.   chicken salad sandwich-3 chicken and rice soup 4person 2-Grilled chicken salad-5person 3-salad and fries-no rating because not sure how they were.  Visit 2me-grilled chicken salad-5 and chicken rice soup 4person 2-grilled chicken salad  5 and chicken rice soup 4Visit 3me turkey club and fries-2   chicen noodle soup 2 person 2 turkey wrap 2chicken noodle soup 2Service was always fast and good.  And they always offer to give you a soda refill in a to go cup when you pay.  Day 3 we went back for chickn pot pie but they only have it on Wed!
5	Yes!!!! I lucked out and found another awesome diner!! Again I love places like this it seems to have an at home  nostalgic feeling. I ordered a vegetable plate and was very satisfied . The prices are very reasonable. The staff is very welcoming and friendly I will definitely be back!!!
4	The hobo breakfast and that gravy they put on top is out of this world...strong enough to cure the worst of all hangovers...banana pudding is off the chain...fries are whatever, onion rings are good,  shrimp on a stick is good but pricey, and the steak and cheese is really good. Overall it's a great establishment, good music, but a lil pricey.
5	Tanya was awesome, knew the menu like the back of her hand, great service, great southern food!
5	Went for a real breakfast. We went on a Friday morning and were seated right away. I had eggs over easy sausage patties and potatoes. I don't usually clean my plate but I did on Friday. Today I went for lunch once again the food was good. I didn't clean my plate but took my left overs with me. This will be a regular spot for me. The staff is friendly and the service is fast.
4	Stayed at the hotel across the street on an overnight.  Good food at a good price.  Everyone enjoyed their dinners - the Thanksgiving Dinner Platter for me with everything you would expect right down to the canned jellied cranberry sauce (my preference!), the catfish and grits for my husband, and the Mac 'n' Cheese for our M'n'C connoisseur kid.  The hushpuppies are just what they should be - crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, a little sweet and no weird add-ins.  So good, we went back for breakfast the next morning!  Not many places get "eggs-over-medium" right - Cafe South did!  We'll go back whenever we are in Charlotte.
5	There is an expression that I've used from time-to-time, "So good it'll make your tongue slap your teeth out!" and that definitely applies here!!!  Most restaurants that have a menu as busy as theirs is not very good at anything by default, but here is the exception, folks...they are good at EVERYTHING.  I have sampled many different dishes on different days and thus far I have yet to be disappointed.  My absolute favorites to pinpoint are the Meatloaf w/ red sauce, fried squash, and their Corn Bread (which tastes so good it should be on the dessert menu).
4	Polite and fast service. Western Omelette and breakfast special were good. Only for a 4 instead of 5 is it didn't blow my mind awesome. It was a quick, cheap breakfast that satisfied my hunger. Calming atmosphere and relaxed southern feel.
3	I've only been here a couple of times but always enjoy.  Breakfast is simple and good.  I did venture for lunch recently and to my surprise had a very good experience.  I was wanting seafood and they offered many choices like fresh Mahi Mahi.  But after perusing the menu I found it difficult to choose.  Jumped on meatloaf with sides of Mac cheese and collards. Service was attentive a at all times and everyone was friendly.  Mac and cheese was made from scratch, as well as the meatloaf.  All of it was what I would have expected but the cooks need to learn to cook from the heart and increase flavor.  All of the food was just missing something; it was not poor quality but just the three stars I gave them.  I will definitely return but with a bit lower expectations.
4	I have had mixed experience with the servers. That is the only negative thing I can think of. Food is great. Place is clean.  TV's are tuned to FOX, local news and weather would be Better. Wi-Fi if you can get the code entered in. Group tables available.  A great family place.
5	My favorite breakfast spot right now. Hobo plate please and thanks! Great customer service, their staff is awesome and the food is ready quick!
4	Good hardy home-cooked food. the atmosphere is non descripted but good food for business traveler. Very friendly staff
5	Had a ton of Oatmeal delivered to our office (catered). Everything was delivered ontime. Easy to order and super nice deliver. Oatmeal was perfect.
3	I have been here for several meetings with no issues until last week.  As a result I will not be eating here again.  Despite the fact my group has the meeting.
1	The chicken was suspect in my greek salad., it was old & rubbery.  Also there were bugs crawling in the dining room and when the waitress was notified of the bugs she said you cant do anything about them. Makes you wonder whats crawling in the kitchen. I will not be returning.
3	A good breakfast at a very nice price. The eggs, bacon and sausage were good. The hobo breakfast suffers from bland gravy and lackluster home fries. Another negative is the artificial butter spread provided at table. The coffee was very good though.
5	Just a killer breakfast.Everything was perfect and the service was splendid.
4	This place is surprisingly good to have such a large menu. The food was fresh and tasty...like home cooking. I got spaghetti with meat sauce which comes with a salad and garlic bread. The bread was awesome, soft inside and perfectly toasty and garlicky out. Spaghetti tasted like my dad used to make. :-) My husband got a club sandwich and said it was really good as well. Solid go to home cooking restaurant with lots of options and great selection of homemade desserts! Service was also great.
3	Clean restaurant with good service. Was around 8 PM on a Saturday night. Not very busy.Would have rated higher, but my baked sweet potato was a bit old. Other than that very enjoyable experience.Plan to come back for breakfast - as it's close to the Marriott courtyard where we are staying.Portions were good sized took some back with us.
5	My family and I were passing through on our way back home to Florida. We had the best breakfast ever. Tasted just like they say, home cooked. The HOBO breakfast was awesome, forget the cholesterol. My kids loved their chocolate chip pancakes. Thank you to our friendly and kind waitress Kim, and the rest of the staff. Your service is excellent, your restaurant is clean and comfortable. We'll definitely stop by again on our next road trip.
5	My wife and I loved it. I know all reviews are done based in the persons personal experience but that is the point! This place has great customer service from the beginning you walk through the doors. The staff is very friendly and professional. The food was great, very tasty and reminded me of moms cooking - very few places do that. I would definitely come back! Love it.  Their coffee was also amazing.
3	This was a great restaurant.  It was like a combination between a diner, a po folks (for those of u local Charlotteans) and a Cracker Barrel.  The menu was extensive so a bit overwhelming but southern staples were clearly the theme throughout.  We were here for a client lunch and the menu items ranged from meatloaf to fried chicken to wraps to salads, gyros.They had veggie platters and familiar items like hush puppies, biscuits, sweet potatoes, etc.  I ordered the Greek salad with grilled chicken and it was very good! I was told the owners are Greek so there was no surprise there!  We ordered a basket of hush puppies and they were excellent!My associates ordered a veggie platter with Lima beans, fried squash, collard greens and green beans.  She enjoyed it very much and it was served with cornbread.My other associate ordered a grilled chicken plate that came with a side of veggies, brown rice and a side salad.  Everyone really seemed to enjoy their meals and we really enjoyed the price tag.  You can get a lot of good food for a very reasonable price!
1	I cannot review the food here because I did not even have the chance to try it. We arrived at around 12:00pm and were immediately greeted by the hostess who sat us in a booth. We waited 20 minutes and watched 2 or 3 different waitresses/employees walk right past us, bus nearby tables, and even good off nearby. Then a man was seated 2 tables away from us and was greeted IMMEDIATELY. That is when we decided to leave. After reading many reviews I was so excited to try out this place for the first time and was terribly disappointed. I work in the restaurant industry as a bartender and mid-level manager and I understand that there are different scenarios that may cause a delayed greet time or delayed service, but in my book, 20 minutes is unacceptable. Hopefully that was just a fluke in the staffing that day and no one else experiences a similar situation, but I unfortunately will not be back.
5	I did my dinner yesterday. It was southern hospitality at its best. The hostess was wonderful I felt like eating at home. I wonder how I did not find this place before. Home styled cooking. Will come back
5	was at a nearby hotel on business....came in for dinner....had a grilled chicken salad and cup of chicken noodle soup and both were outstanding...nice place....big...comfortable...they serve drinks.....fresh made desserts...there's a counter bar with stools up front so it's good for solo dining.
4	Nicely hidden gem serving genuine southern fare if you're interested in a simple meal out. Very generous portions served by polite staff. The fried okra was just like my grandma's and the chicken- fried steak was as good as I used to get in East Texas. Go for the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer.
5	This is a great restaurant for good home cooking. My husband and I like to eat here on evenings when I just don't fee like cooking. I usually get the chicken pita plate, and it is excellent. The chicken is juicy and flavorful, the tsaziki is homemade, and the salad is fresh. I definitely recommend trying this place out!
2	My husband and I were staying at a hotel near this restaurant while traveling through town. After reading reviews online, we decided to give this place a try for dinner.Now, I know that every restaurant and every cook has an off day and I'm sure that this was what happened here.We started off with the Cafe fries (fries, cheese, and bacon) and it was pretty good. Fries were crispy and the homemade ranch was definitely good. Unfortunately, one of the appetizer plates came to our table with old food crusted on it. I ordered the chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese, and cornbread. It was just awful. The potatoes had the strangest consistency and had an unidentifiable and unpleasant taste. I asked my husband to try it and he agreed. The chicken fried steak in itself was fair and the mac and cheese was greasy. The cornbread was a bit tough. My husband ordered the three cheese baked ziti with meat sauce. As my husband put, "it's not good". I gave it a try and agreed with him. It seemed almost watered down. Our waitress was a doll and was super sweet. She was very helpful and friendly.If we are passing through town again, we won't be back.
4	not bad at all for breakfast. they have a 4.95 special everyday if you are on a budget or you just don't want to spend a lot . my wife and I had omelet and one biscuit and gravy and two drinks and it came to almost 40 bucks with tax.
