4	I accidentally locked my only garage door opener in the garage after washing my car. I was not given a key to the door by my land lord and since it was Saturday, I feared it would be Monday before I saw my car again.Using a locksmith can be a stressful experience. Not only are the conditions upon which you're requesting help usually embarrassing, but there is undeniable sense that you're going to get ripped off by some sleazy organization. I called Green Valley Lock & Safe because they were close (and none of the locksmiths in my area had reviews on Yelp). I was told it would be about a half hour before anyone could show up. Surely enough, 25 minutes later I received a call that the tech was at my garage already working on the lock before I got outside. It was a very tough door to get open, the lock had been damaged and he could not pick it. Not giving up, the locksmith resorted to wedging a metal hook into the garage and disengaged the lock the opener had on it. It was a tough job (in 90+ degree heat) but the locksmith never remained friendly and positive.I was charged $100, standard fair I would think for the amount of time and effort needed. Expensive mistake to make but at least now I have a locksmith in my phone book that I feel I can trust and use in the future.
4	My key broke off in the office door. I called this place in Green Valley and they got there in 15 minutes. It is VERY hot and I appreciated them greatley. I did pay more than I would have liked to for a lock smith but hey I got fantastic and FAST service.
5	The guys at Green Valley Lock and Safe take care of business.  Every time I have needed a locksmith they have been there for me.  Their prices are reasonable and they make sure all of their work is done properly.  Thank you Jeff and Leona for taking care of my key and lock needs.
1	If there was no star rating I would give it.  I brought a keyblade over to these guys to get cut.   After giving me a (rude) speech about how he is probably the only person in town that would do that type of work and how he wouldnt garantee it, he proceeded to charge me $5 (A SIDE) for a two sided key.  I should have probably inspected the work but I had my 2 year old with me so I left after paying the $10 dollars.  Once I got home I tried the key, and of course it didnt work.  I shouldnt have even bothered, once you compared both keys it was PAINFULLY obvious that the cut was all messed up.  Figured as much given it took him about 2 mins to cut the key.Long story short I ordered another key blade and took it to MX Locksmiths.  They charged me $1.08 to cut it and oddly enough, it works.....
1	I would also give zero stars if possible.  I called to inquire about getting a large safe moved and the guy Mike was rude over the phone. If a company is rude when you're simply asking if they want your business, the answer is an obvious "No".Here's an update.  I had my wife call back to get a quote for moving the safes.  They were almost double than the company I used; The Safe Keeper.  I'll be writing a fantastic review for them.  Read it if you are looking for a company to move your safes.  One of the better experiences I've had during this stressful move.Thanks!
2	Brought in two motorcycle key blanks to be copied from an old original. The fellow at the counter immediately stated he didn't like cutting keys they didnt sell since they could not guarantee the work. I understood the rationale, but the person kept going on how people frequently bring their own key blanks only to be upset that the key didnt work. He also commented on how poor the original key was due to its age (the reason I was making copies). I told him I would not make a sound if the keys didnt work, that I just wanted to try to make a copy, and if he had a key blank that would work, I would purchase it from their store instead. They did not stock the key. He begrudgingly copied the keys and repeated the disclaimer. Alas, when I returned home to test the keys, they both worked, except the gas tank requires some fidgeting to open. So in the end, good technical service, kinda shoddy customer service. Based upon this encounter, I would likely hit up a different locksmith next time.
5	I am not sure why others complain about this place. I have been to this place twice. I have never seen a rude person or not been helped.  The 1st time was after visiting 4 other companies to see if they were able to copy my suburban key and they all said they were not. The key was very old and very worn down. The guy at the counter said he would do his best to cut it. He tried several times walking back and forth to the truck and into the store to make sure that the key worked great. And when he was done it did! The 2nd time was to get a key made for my Toyota. Again another key worn down and bent. There was a young kid there this time who was new, I could tell because the older gentleman there was training him on cutting keys. They again walked back and forth and even cleaned my key hole for me so that the door on my car would open easier. I paid $7 and some change for 2 keys. It might have cost a little more than other places but I would MUCH rather pay for something that works than a cheap key that wont. GREAT PLACE!
5	Very helpful and considerate. I had to replace 2 vehicle keys with the micro-chip inside. Since the keys came from the dealership, he could not guarantee they would work (standard practice for 3rd party products), he still took the time to make sure the keys worked on both the doors and ignition right then and there. Talk about quality and customer service. I would refer them to anyone and will definitely use them again.
4	I come in here on a regular basis as I work in property management. The guys are always ready to help and always friendly. The keys always work. Never had a problem.
1	Absolutely terrible!! Save your money and headache. Get someone else. They did new locks and keys for our new home few months back and i am getting them all done over again. Cannot recommend them!
