2	My brother and I rented a two-bedroom apartment at Madera for one year. We immediately loved the layout of the unit. Especially liking that the bedrooms weren't right next to each other as we work completely opposite shifts and it's nice to have some peace and quiet.In our one year of living there, we had many maintenance issues of which they were very slow to repair. I understand that every place is going to have something go wrong but here's what we experienced:  The water heater busted and we didn't find it until after-hours. It leaked through the wall, soaking everything we had in the closet on the floor, causing the markings on one of the boxes to dye the carpet red. Because my boyfriend knew how to drain the heater, the maintenance man did not want to drive back to the complex to fix it! Ridiculous. I called and reported mold in my shower walls. No one responded. I called again and got a snotty response from the manager. When they finally showed up, they busted out the walls and found tons of mold! Could this be why I always had a sinus infection? I don't know. Our washing machine made an incredibly loud banging noise every time it ran and sometimes it wouldn't stop spinning and would literally spin all day long while I was at work. By the time I got home, my clothes were rubber. LOL It took three calls to get the banging noise fixed and they never did fix the spinning issue. What they can't replicate, they won't repair. And they certainly won't give you a new one.I decided to part ways from living with my brother and wanted a place of my own. I wanted to transfer to a one-bedroom apartment at Madera. Was this possible? Nope. Because they would only hold the unit for me for one week. I am anal, OCD, whatever you want to call me - and there is no way I'm waiting until one week before moving day to take a chance that there MIGHT be an apartment available. Plus, on top of this, they wanted to charge me a transfer fee for moving. I ended up finding a great place elsewhere for less money. My brother and I both moved out of the place early but paid for the remainder of our lease in full. We turned the keys in a day early because we both had to work all day the next day and would not have been able to turn in the keys during their business hours.Guess what? Madera sent us the final bill charging us for carpet cleaning  (we don't even wear shoes in the house)! In all the places I've ever lived, I have never been charged for carpet cleaning. And get this, you'll love it - they charged us for turning in the keys early. Are you kidding me? When we called to dispute the key charge; they refused to remove it. So we paid for the carpet cleaning minus the key charge. And Madera sent us to collections.Don't get screwed. There are plenty of other nice apartments out there.
1	Please read all of this thank you. If I dont like someone I will point this place out to them. Just so the staff can make their life hell with their bad services. Beware they lie and tell you give us 300 bucks to hold an apt we will refund your money should you find something else you like. But should you decide not to move their people you find that they lie and make like they didnt tell you such a thing. They dont understand that we live in a time where you cant run around scamming people out of their hard earned money. Their bad service is the reason that some people would lose they temper and do 150 years behind bars....You just dont scam people out of their money! Hear me people 300 dollars total they kept of my money :( The lady we worked with her name is jill.What a busy stupid moron she is...She so super busy she says anything and cant recall any kind of details. We visit that property 4 times and until this day she has no clue of what my name is. See people that's where the lie comes in at...We visit their so much because I liked it or well I kept changing my mind lord that drove my husband nuts...so she says to us...Tell you what give me 300 and I will hold it for you if you don't go with us no harm done you can have your money back. I was like a fat kid with cake omg let's give her 300 and we can keep looking and shes gonna hold this apt for us. But little did I know I made a deal a bad ass deal with the devil.  What really makes you mad is over the phone her and her manager evon cut you off and are super disrespectful. They have no place in business. After I told them I was not willing to move their I was told we can put the 300 towards your rent where you live now...its like excuse me you don't handle my money I gave you 300 I want my 300 back....So the next day I called and said ok fine lets do that. And she was like oh that was yesterdays offer....See how they play with your time and money.  I just want to get my money back before I lose my temper. Let me tell yall something the devil is a lie I will get my money back.
2	I've read many reviews on this place.  First off, I'm a completely temporary living person here (corporate apartment in the complex).   From the looks, it's a gated and wonderful apartment community within the heart of Summerlin South.Never thought that I'd say this, but the Google and other apartment reviews seemed to come into light when they say that the management doesn't care about packages.  In the mere "three weeks" that I've been here, I've already had one package from UPS disappear from the office.   They didn't seem to care nor to change their practice of anyone being able to go pick up packages.  My last apartment complex would have you sign for packages and write your apartment down.  Terrible practice, and they don't even sign for packaging which makes them more of a leasing office than a community property office.The outer walls are extremely thin.   I'm woken up by kids going to school early in the morning because they're loud and walking down the pathways near my apartment.Stove and oven is like it's from the 70s.  No timer, or digital clock on it, if that gives you an idea.  Not even a thermometer to tell you that pre-heat is ready (just have to guess).The looks get a four star.  The management gets a one star for the above due to the ease of fixing a purely simple property management task a complex one.  And one star for the cruddy building materials and a completely looks based living establishment rather than actual comfort.   For the price, this shouldn't happen.Last off, if you read all of the reviews, take them with a grain of salt.  There is a five star one, but that person has never reviewed anywhere else.  Seems a little fishy if you ask me.
1	Worst apartment I ever rented, worst management I ever encountered. As can be read in a previous posts the carpet is the cheapest possible, this is what you get with your $300 redecoration fee (non-refundable). The apartment was horribly disgusting when I moved in so I spent several days cleaning it. Appliances were old and not efficient. The grounds unkept all winter long, the entrance gate broken most of the time. Pool furniture old and again disgusting. The water was turned off on several occasions. They actually entered apartments to 'check' their conditions or cleanliness. The manager has this air of arrogance and apathy about her, unfriendly and unwelcoming. The grounds crew is the same. Office workers were actually fun and a large part why I decided to move here in the first place. But not reason enough for me to stay, Since the first month I started counting down till my contract was over and I could move. I was happy to the higher rent for the location, but despite the ever so popular saying location isn't everything. What a horrible mistake it was moving here, lesson learned and now shared.
1	If I had more time to find the right apartment, it wouldn't be at Madera.  The property is over 13 years old and, although the staff in the leasing office are nice, helpful and professional, the apartment I waited a week to get into was/is dirty (I'm still cleaning), smells like the smoker who lived there before me, and it has roaches!  I've killed and swept up dozens of them in the two days I've lived here.  The A/C units work but are really noisy.  If I were the property manager, I would be more fastidious with the condition of the apartments I lease.  Also, I wonder where the $300 "cleaning fees" I and other new residents have to fork over are being spent.  Oh yeah, we are in Las Vegas... The grounds look nice, for the most part, with trees and bushes all around with grassy areas too.  There are two pools and the fitness center is adequate.  Aside from the granite counters in the apartment's kitchen which are nice, my apartment looks outdated and in need of a revival, and deep cleaning.  Signed,Still Searching...
2	While we are still working through the issues of my lease here at Madera, I am very pleased to say that Ovation and Madera Management teams have been very professional and expeditious in doing everything they can to make my three month lease here at Madera more comfortable.  I have to admit that, although it is likely I won't be staying at this property, I will strongly consider relocating within the Ovation umbrella of properties in the Summerlin area.
1	Initially, Madera's property managers stepped up to the plate to turn things around with the apartment's issues.  The manager is professional and I've appreciated talking with her.  I also commended the staff for their initial efforts however, we never were able to eliminate the problems.  In fact, the apartment still stinks like the avid smoker who lived here previously.  Also, despite any efforts made,  Madera's efforts to re-clean carpets and have air ducts cleaned followed by my efforts to use carpet powder and keep the windows/doors open to try to air it out, burn incense or spray freshener all proved futile.  There's nothing like opening the door to my apartment and getting hit with a wall of stink.  The stink has infused itself into my clothing, my furniture, everything I own smells like 500 stale cigarettes.  I believe it is effecting my health too since I'm getting regular headaches.  Getting that smell out will be a chore, for sure as well as costly...The bedroom has one wall that a bed can line up to and it is the wall that has two A/C units on the other side, buzzing and running all night long.  This does not bode well for a good night's rest.  I even wear earplugs and it is noisy.  One night, in desperation, I got out of bed and moved my bed in front of the window wall so I could get farther away from the noise.  Units constantly buzzing away, uninterrupted sleep is a distant dream for me.  Why didn't rooftop units get installed.  The water pressure - not so good.The appliances are basic and some are just outdated.The property's gates don't operate properly half of the time.  What's the use of having security gates if they're open 2/3 of the time?In my opinion, a clean looking property is more marketable.  I see trash lying around for days and I pick up OPT that comes in front of my place.  I feel strong that one of the "grounds" guys should be going around the grounds and picking up trash, or dog poops that tenants leave behind.   I see the grounds/maintenance guys buzzing around in the golf carts but it looks like they're having too much fun to work.  Based on what I witnessed in my apartment, they could stand to do a little more on-site.I looked in the dry sauna in the fitness center and wouldn't consider using it.  It just looked uninviting.  Leave it at that.Now, let's talk about the bugs.   I just can't live in a place that has bugs.  Now, after my initial complaint with some rather disturbing pictures, Madera sent the exterminator in for a follow-up visit I don't see any bugs scurry away when I turn on the kitchen light (ugh!), but I am finding one or two twice weekly.   Just found a 1" big roach sporting an egg sack yesterday and stomped it... Gross!  So, when I move out (ASAP), I will have to put all my personal belongings into a moving truck, set off a couple of bug bombs in the truck to exterminate what is hiding in the boxes and stay in a motel for the night.   I also noticed a rat box near one of the apartments.  Hmmm.So, you can decide for yourself whether you want to give Madera a chance.  Personally, and from my experience, I can't wait to find something else so I can live like a normal person... Good luck finding a place.
4	I have lived here before and would live here again!...Nice, executive townhouse style apartments. Two pools, GREAT gym (not just for show). Also the views of the valley are lovely.Office team is very professional and responsive to any problems or issues. Price of rent is surprisingly good for this perfect Summerlin location and this luxury complex. Madera is much better than most of the surrounding rental complexes that charge the same.Neighbors are excellent too. Quiet and friendly.
3	I had the pleasure of going back to Madera. After getting my money back what a struggle that was. A manager wrote to me via yelp. She was so kind to me I just had to revisit the Madera at her request. All I have to say is positive things now. The property was never bad or anything it was perfect for me and my tiny family. Because I was invited back twice I can see just why I wanted to live here in the first place. It's safe to say I will be back a third time later in the week. I hope to revisit the pool area if all goes well maybe we will decide to stay.
3	Yesterday I did return back to the Madera. How did it go was it a blessing or a curse? Could this be a hidden gem in Vegas that most people have walked, drove or even skipped by? The property is tucked away from sight on Town Center Dr. but once you locate it and walk the property she will whisper her secrets to you. (Giggles) She aint got many secrets. But keep on reading.We were taken inside by one who is employed by Ovation she was a honor to work with her name is Jeanette. Jeanette is kind and extra professional. I had my mind sat on the Jasmine & Teak. But the pool just needs an upgrade. For some reason their is concrete in the middle of the pool. Their are a few chairs around the pool but nothing to escape the desert heat from. Maybe they will add cute tables & chairs and something above them to provide shade later when they have a bigger budget to work with. However over the 3 years I have been on property this has never been fixed/updated. Maybe the owners just don't care. Hmmm maybe I will keep on looking at other apartments. When it comes to pools simple is just played out. Its nothing to drive by other pools and see the relaxing yet inviting setting that is so 2014. The all white kitchen decor is just out dated to me. Their are up to date items they can use to make the kitchen more upscale looking.The apartments do have a little wiggle room. The Jasmine will give u 1335 sq ft. And the Teak will give you 1135 sq ft. Al tho they have earned a extra star because I give it 3 stars total. I have to end my review by saying I'm simply undecided because of the pool area. What I did enjoy was the space you get from the balcony as a added bonus its off the master bedroom. You get huge closet space and the bathrooms are big enough. The gym was extra nice they went out of their way to keep a color scheme going. However its quite small. The club house is very nice looking & Jeanette said the wifi is free.
4	MADERA is a great place to live, the property managers at this ovation property go above and beyond to make us all feel at home here. They put on great pool events W/BBQ's,  Pizza Tuesdays and breakfast at the gate. Can't wait to see what's next.  They receive packages from all the shippers and keep them in the office where there secure until you can pick them up. Love the 24 hour pool/gym in the summer when it's hot hot hot, I love to go swimming at night and hit the jacuzzi before bed. On the downside this complex really needs a major remodel updating, it's really beginning to show its age. The bottom line is I love this area and living here, but the high rent cost and lack of quality up keep kind of over shadows the great work the property mangers do here.
