5	The first time I ever went to a Trader Joe's, I was fresh off the train in Portland, OR. I was starving, as I'd been lugging two weeks worth of clothing and supplies in my suitcase around all morning, on foot, 'cuz, well, that's the best way to see a city for the first time. I mean, if you can do it without having to carry luggage around with you, all the better. Anyway, I stepped inside this grocery store, found a couple pieces of fruit, some peanut butter-filled pretzels, and some fruit leather, was rung out by a very friendly cashier, and left with more money in my pocket than I'd expected.The Trader Joe's on Decatur is no different. I mean, aside from the fact that it's in Las Vegas, not Portland, and I usually don't walk there carrying a suitcase, but the experience is always pleasant and inexpensive. I'm not a huge fan of convenience foods (read, "I love convenience foods but try really hard not to eat premade, prepackaged junk"), so I trust Joe to take good care of me. Their frozen meals section is out of this world, consisting of everything from wild salmon, bison patties, and crunchy friend orange chicken, to microwave and serve vegetable medleys, paninis, and - yes - green tea ice cream.Oh, and wines. Have you tried the Three Buck Chuck? Grab a bottle the next time you visit. It's t'die fer.Everyone who works there really seem to enjoy their job, too, which always adds to the experience. I asked the girl at the sample counter a question about the item sampled, and she went off the hook, happily raving about it. I love that. I'd have felt guilty not buying it after her speech.     ...maybe she KNEW I would!Anyway, yes, if there were a more convenient location for me, I'd do most of my weekly shopping here.
5	I love, love, love this place.  It isn't as big as the one I used to live by, but I was so glad to find one in Vegas, that I have to make a trip a few times a month.  The prices on most items are less than you would find elsewhere and they have some great convenience foods for the days I don't want to cook.  I love their cornmeal pizza with sausage and caramelized onion, the Joe's Diner frozen mac n' cheese is decadent and their wine selection always has some great buys.
5	Trader Joe's is the source for yum yummies:-  I'm a big fan of their prepackaged salads (the country Italian, classic Greek, and walnut something or other), which I will usually mix with some tuna and their spicy balsamic vinaigrette or lemon dill sauce for a tasty salad.  - The coffee is great and you can grind it there yourself so you know it's fresh - smells lovely.- The wine selection is extensive and very reasonable.  Try the Italian Nero D'avola red wine, I think it's only $7 (!?) but is a smooth and pleasant dinner wine, esp with meats.- Their chocolate section is awesome - I try to stay away but...- The cashiers are pleasant and friendly.  It seems like the Smiths, Albertsons and Vons grocery stores in the Valley are increasingly phasing out cashiers in favor of electronic U scan machines (to boost corporate profits? Is a $50,000 robot really cheaper than a cashier?) and you can't blame their cashiers for being bummed out about it.  TJ's is hard to beat in the grocery game.
4	I think the human body can dine at buffets for only long before something explodes.After so many days of indulging, I was looking for some semblance of healthy eating.  There wasn't a lot going on until I saw Trader Joe's.  I took it as a sign, for Fate had guided me here and was telling me do some grocery shopping.For all the stuff I'd been eating and drinking, the body was in desperate need of fruits and veggies (organic of course), water, and non-deep fried or overly oily food.  I found all those things but also ended up buying alcohol.  Alcohol?  They give me drinks when I'm at the tables for free.  What was I thinking?I'm blaming the wine tasting they were having and the wide assortment of cheap quality booze.Well, at least the stomach was a little healthier for the moment.Sorry liver.  I'll work on you when we get back home.
3	small limited very reasonably priced friendly employees unique speciality items but not intended for your complete shopping needs this location is steady busy with lots of parking
5	Trader Joes Is All That & A Bag of Pita Chips!Nobody is quite the same, Sunflower is great too, and everyone loves Whole Foods but who can afford whole foods market? Not me!!Trader Joes pre-made lunches are pretty great (the ones in the deli area are the ones I am taking about)... also the cranberry sauce that they carry seasonally doesn't have fructose corn syrup or aspartame in it like everyone else's! Last but not least if you like buying cleaning products that aren't tested on animals- the sage oil and water spray "next to godliness" is the bomb! It works wonders, smells good, and wasn't tested on animals- oh and cheap!!
4	Is it wrong that I go to a health food store for candy and cookies?  Don't judge me, you buy the stuff too.  While Trader Joe's does not have a huge selection, if they have what you want, they are great.  A good source for the unusual and different.  Lacey's Florentine cookies should be illegal because they are so good.
4	Being from Hawaii I had to go see what the hype was all about.  Suffice to say this blows away anything we have back in the 808.  I went in to get some ingredients for cooking at my friend's house in Vegas and was so impressed by all the gourmet vegetables that cost a fortune back home but are hella affordable here..stuff like pea shoots, microgreens, crimini mushrooms, herirloom tomatoes, baby arugula.The decor and layout looks tired compared to Whole Foods but i'm there for the food!  They have free wine tastings of over 10 different labels which is awesome too.  The wine is reasonably priced but don't expect to find Penfold's Grange here.Had to buy the requisite snacks for peeps back home too...stuff like choc covered edamame, gummy penguins, buffalo jerky, tom yum cashews.  The snacks tasted ok...I think my coworkers were more impressed that I managed to pry my drunk ass off of the 777 slot machne chair and leave the casino for a grocery run.Word to the wise...if you're making lamb for dinner look in the parking lot on your way out.  There's tons of rosemary hedges in the island dividers so pick as much as you want for FREE!
4	I've been on a health kick since about age 18 and it was a necessity since I grew up in the south and we're trained to deep fry everything except our purse contents. I also developed some interesting food allergies and my sister got tired of taking me to dinner then seeing it displayed on the on the parking lot after dessert. I know TMI but I'm trying to convey the serious nature of my health problems and how eating organic has changed my life and improved my health dramatically. Anyway, I love the decor and employees are cool and friendly with the same vibe as Sunflower Market and Whole Foods. Excellent Sushi, my son refuses to leave the store without at least 4 Spicy California Rolls after he has peeved the sample lady running back to the counter for multiple samples. The only reason I allow him to do that is because the food is healthy and when I explain that she seems visibly relaxed. Besides I always buy the samples. The prices here are more reasonable than Whole Foods and a tad more expensive than Sunflower Market so it's ideal for me to have a choice. Also, for those who are worried about finances in this economy, all three stores also take the Quest card so there's no excuse not to eat healthy.
5	Superior price, Superior selection, Superior customer service.Those are the three predominant characteristics on which I judge a grocery store. This Trader Joe's is competing with other grocery stores on both price and quality...and winning.Followers of my Yelp reviews will note the sarcasm and sheer frustration I apply to almost every grocery store I have ever reviewed. Thankfully, I have found one grocery store that deserves respect.I was quoted as saying recently to my Fairytale Jewish Godmother "It's like somebody said 'We're going to open up a grocery store for THAT guy'... and they did".
5	Wishing we had one here in Hawaii. Love to get my fix here. Love the pre~pacakge salads my fav is the beet salad!! Love the coffee samples and demos they have!! Such great place for healthy organic fruit while on on vacations. Forget Starbucks they have the best coffee hadns down!!  Love the all the curry sauces. The savory and multigrain crackers are yummy!  Discover for yourself!! =)
5	Awesome place to shop, lots of interesting things at great prices.  My favorite things to buy here are the cheeses, coffee, snacks, and wine, great deals.  I don't buy a lot of frozen food but they have an interesting frozen section with different meals and such.  They have a good selection of organic products and it's way cheaper than buying it anywhere else.  I have always had good service when I shop here as well.Don't be fooled, this isn't some expensive fancy place, they sell better food than a grocery store at a better prices.
5	This Trader Joe's is popular amongst visitors from Hawaii who want to bring back snacks or gifts for friends and family. They have a list on one of the columns in the store of the most popular items people from Hawaii bring back.I took my parents from Hawaii here on Saturday. Some of my favorites is the Butter Waffle Cookie and the juicy filled gummy bears. Also this is a place to buy nuts and dried fruit for relatively reasonable prices. I like to get their Honey Roasted Peanuts because they are dirt cheap. Also like their peanut butter filled pretzels that I can find at any Trader Joe's. This particular TJ has more of a selection for that Hawaii visitors back to bring back to the islands, when compared to other Trader Joe's.
4	I like Trader Joe's.  I do.  They are notorious for housing some tasty little snack that you just can't get anywhere else.  And their hummus is out of control.  Especially their olive hummus, which I should purchase in bulk considering how fast I go through it.The customer service is always nice and friendly (here, and in any other TJ's I've visited), the prices are reasonable, and if you're like for something different, and nutritious, they've got you covered.  They don't carry everything, but you can still eat well off their selections alone.I do have one major, glaring problem with Trader Joe's.  It's not just this one, but every one I've ever been to.  What is the issue?  Other customers.Why?  Come here for a second.  Closer... I want to make sure you hear this: You're in a public, non-exclusive, non-membership GROCERY store.  Get over yourselves.People hang out in the parking lot in their cars to talk, blocking traffic.  Walking around, there's this weird sense of entitlement.  I don't see how people can actually see the items on the shelves with their noses so high in the air.  There's no personal space.  People will walk right up on you, over you, to get what they want.  If there's ever a place that could make me claustrophobic, it's Trader Joe's.  Seriously.  Get up off my grill, yo.  See?  You've made me speak hip, urban slang now.Their food, customer service, and prices are respectable.  Now if I could only employ a henchman to carry out my shopping in there, I'd be set.
4	Less than a 4-mile drive from Hawaii's favorite hotel--the Cal, this store is so popular among islanders that they have an omiyage top sellers list on display... so, that you can be just like everyone else, of course. I wonder if islanders find the Hawaiian flower print displays welcoming (particularly those who don't know it's used corporate-wide)?That said, the house brand items generally are of high quality at affordable prices. (Though, I typically come for frozen foods and snacks.) And, I've never been to a TJ's where they aren't genuinely friendly and helpful.
4	I love Trader Joe's! Especially, buying 1 liter of extra virgin olive oil for $5.99! I spent $45 and bought the following:1 liter of extra virgin olive oil2 Organic Almond MilkItalian brown mushroomsWild Arugulapeeled garlicRomano Parmesan Grated CheeseAvocadosHoneyOrganic Micro GreensRoma TomatoesBasilI only wish Trader Joe's price could be a lot lower, so that I could add some fish, meat and poultry to my list!
5	Trader Joe's you are awesome! I love your fresh vegetables and fruits. Also, I am quite pleased with your packaged vegetarian dishes which is ready to eat. Your new Tahini Dip was deelish! Thanks for your support on my veggie cleanse....
5	I wish TJ's are located a little closer from where I live. I love to go shopping at TJ's!! They always have the fresh vegetables and fruits. I've been buying lots of tomatoes for my diets for this past weeks( I've been purchasing at whole foods, Albertson's, Costco, & etc.) and TJ's have the best cherry tomatoes ever...Very juicy and sweet :p These are my repeat-purchase items that I recommend :p 1) 'Roasted Platain chips' (I'm madly addicted to~) 2) 'Dry Roasted & unsalted Pistachio's' (my favorite snacks when I am watching K drama) 3) 'Crispy Apple Chips' 4) 'Moisturizing Cream-Extra Dry Formula' (unscented, non-sticky body lotion,,I Love it!) 5) 'Antiplaque Toothpaste' (sooo fresh after eating pickled garlic -.-;;;;) 6) ' Natural Dog Treats' (it comes with four different flavors in a box,,,oh, boy! It's my dog's favorite treat) I've been thinking eating healthy is expensive. However, after discovering TJ's, the price is affordable and I found myself that I am eating more healthy foods than ever. I am still trying to maintain a healthy weights and energy level on a diet based on whole grains, fresh fruits, healthy oil, beans, nuts, veggies, & etc. Thanks to TJ's!
5	LOVE everything from TJs. Great quality products and affordable prices. I wish there was a TJs in the southwest. A few of the products that I love:-fresh fruit (mangos, watermelon, grapes, cantaloups)-low fat milk-ready to eat salads (great for the office!)-whole wheat pastas-wines-meat is freaking awesome-everything for a sandwich (bread, turkey breast, cheese, sauces, etc)-customer service is always nice and friendly
5	I really love shopping here. They have great produce, delicious breads and pastries, a lot of healthy snack choices, etc.....all at a reasonable price. The staff here are always helpful and recommend great new products to try.  My husband and I usually each try to pick out at least one new food to try. It's really easy to do with tier updated selections, and it's fun. My recommendation is to grab a basket instead of a cart...if I decide to get a cart I end up with way too much food!  I can't help it. : )
5	i have nothing but love for TJ. every location that i've been to always has the nicest employees and they're always quick to offer suggestions for new foods to try. i really love the selection of wines/alcohol here too.
4	I come to Trader Joe's for just a few things, and I leave with many more "few things."  They do have those lovely peanut butter stuffed pretzel pillows.  They also have great frozen minced garlic cubes -  a great time saver.I left with a lot more today for just going in to get a "few things."  This is my go to store for the things I can't find elsewhere.  I like Trader Joe's a lot!
4	I luv this place. Mom used to buy snacks at Harry & David 's to take back home(Hawaii) I stumbled across this place. I noticed they had the same types of candies at a lower cost! Everytime she comes  it's one of the first places we go.  Mom reads those health magazines so everytime some kind of fad food or superfood comes out, trader joes has it. This time it was pomergranites and blueberries. We found some pomergranites and blueberry cereal. Pom/ blue juice. They have the best tasting cookies /candies. I  never had something I did not like. Lots of hawaii people have the same idea , trader Joe's has a top 10 list of snacks Hawaiians, buy to take home . Luv the snacks don't really do grocery shopping here.
5	I love Trader Joe's! Every time I go on a trip I always have to go there. They have the best candies and snacks for a cheap price.  They are also a grocery store and they have anything from milk to wines and olive oils. I always go up there for their variety of snacks and goodies to bring back to my co-wokers, family and firends.My favorite is the cinnimon flavord almons. I also like to eat the Lady Fingers, but I have recently found out that they discontinued them. I wish they had a trader joe's here is hawaii, because that would be great.
5	I love you Trader Joe's!  I will come back to you over and over again.  This location is so clean and neat.  Doesn't seem to be any kind of mess when I got here today.  There's just this sense of welcome feeling when I was in the store.  Everywhere I went, all the employees seemed concerned about me and asked if I was okay and if they could help me find something.  It's either they're bored out of their minds, they were trained too well with customer service, I looked lost and they really wanted to just help, or I look like I was going to steal a lot of things and wanted to prevent from anything like that to happen.  For my peace of mind, I'll choose the second option.The selection of wines seem great and very reasonable in price.  I am very happy with the fact they have many organic products.  Considering I'm starting to try to eat a little healthier this will definitely help me.  What ever I needed and wanted were easy to locate.  Another good thing about Trader Joe's is the fact that there are a lot of goods that you can't find in an Albertson's or Smiths Supermarkets.  Such items are International foods, much better microwavable foods, more options on organic products, etc.  Plus majority of their food are less expensive.  There are more reasons, but I just know I'll be coming back here more often along with Sunflower Market.  :DI LOVE YOU TRADER JOE'S!!!!
4	Trader Joes has a great selection of low priced yet high quality snacks and treats.  When it comes to frozen items, cookies, crackers, and other snacks nobody beats TJ's.  Unfortunately if you're looking for good produce, meats and seafood, its really hit or miss.  There are many times when I come in here for fruit and veggies, and leave empty handed.  The quality is just all over the place, ranging from excellent to well below average.  I wish the buyers here would screen what comes into the stores more carefully, I'm sure they're losing money on those already browned and bruised pears, or those suspect tangerines.  Also, since there is no butcher or seafood monger on premise, you must buy what they have packaged.  Don't misunderstand my criticism, Trader Joe's is still a top notch grocery store, but only for the right things.  I prefer to buy my meats and fish at Whole foods, and pretty much everything else here when its good.
5	it's a must to stop at trader joes while in vegas.  i love this location because they always have the items that i want in stock.  too bad we dont have a store in hawaii.  i would love to try the different food items instead of only picking up snacks.  yogurt star cookies is my fave (=
5	The best part of Trader Joe's is their wines and frozen meals.  I love their hormone free milk, their salad packs, and cheeses.  Keep an eye out for one of a kind offerings: huge stalk of brussel sprouts, kosher meat, and live plants.
4	It may currently looked closed down with their sign down, but it's storefront is just under construction! They keep this location clean and organized. It seems to have more items than the Washington St. location.  My recent purchase here led to a new favorite. I love chocolate laceys but hesistant on store bought ones that tend to be hard like brittle. These were crisp and light! Dangerous.There's not much to say that I haven't already stated in my TJ review for the other locations.I love TJs and wish they had one in the NW *hint hint*
4	Because there is no Trader Joe's in Hawaii, this is one of the few places that everybody from Hawaii must visit and get omiyage(gifts) to bring home.  I don't know anyone that goes up to Las Vegas or anywhere in the mainland where there is a Trader joe's that doesn't come here and pick up a few things to bring back for family & friends back home as well as for the office.For those of you who haven't been to Trader Joe's, think of it as the western version of Don Quijote(for those of you from Hawaii).  It's got your standard fare foods, but is definitely known for it's unusual snacks and drinks and other such goodies which make good gifts to bring home.  The interior of the store is nice and clean and not overly full of people coming and going which is great.  The clerks here are nice & friendly and will go out of their way to help you find anything you're looking for.What I thought was kinda funny is that they had a little sign in the front and in some of the aisles that pointed out what the popular items were that people are bring back home to Hawaii.  Guess we're a popular bunch here eh?  For me; I bought some waffle cookies, mixed nuts, chocolates and also 2 different bottles of Trader Joe's sake...  Yup, sake!  Who would've thought you'd find sake here right?I will definitely come back here again for omiyage to bring back home when I come up to Vegas again.  And even if I don't bring back omiyage for home, I'll come and buy myself a few bottles of their sake to bring back and drink....(No, I haven't tried the bottles I bought...  I just have them in my house on display for keepsake).
4	Their organic section in produce is my favorite. Many organic items in here can be often found at cheaper prices than at Whole Foods or Sunflower Market, depending upon what product it is. I'm especially a huge fan of their assortment of wines and spirits they have; usually they will have a special section of such that features many on sale, and many varieties to choose from. They have fairly good deals with the variety of meats, cheese, and dairy items they have (the yogurt is definitely a steal for how much you get at their price!)
4	This place is pretty cool: they have a great selection of healthier foods, wines galore, and the staff is the coolest - they're the friendliest bunch of people. I guess the biggest thing here, though, is the food. They have a ton of tasty stuff that I can't usually get other places (Orangina!). The only downside to this place is that it's kinda pricey. The other day I got enough food for a small family barbeque (a bottle of soda, some carne asada and pollo asado, salad fixings, chips, dip) and spent like $50. I bought the same stuff at the Fresh and Easy the other day and spent like $30.
4	Trader Joe's is a place I shop at, at least once a week. The best deal for organic milk and eggs. I love the frozen foods....great fish and veggie dishes that are different and so delicious. I love how you can sample their food at the sample station in the back of the store as well as a coffee they have on display. The staff is always very friendly and very helpful. LOVE LOVE LOVE Trader Joe's!!
4	I'm a big fan of Trader Joe's. I love their trail mix. They also have a nice selection of reasonably priced produce. I usually go to the Trader Joe's on Washington. However, I pop into this store once a while. It's comparable to the one on Washington. Good selection, friendly clerks.
4	How do I love Trader Joe's? Let me count the ways. The only downfall is the location. Why, oh why can't they build one closer to me?!So many great items, I just love shopping here. The store is clean, the staff is friendly and helpful when you're looking for an item and their merchandise is fresh. Since I'm not partial to cooking, my favorite sections are frozen foods and produce. I always stock up on my favorite things here. Their baby carrots, fresh cut fruit and corn are delicious and I stock up on bottled curries and sauces as well. Love this place!
4	Oh Joseph, I know it's been forever since our glorious one year love affair,  but don't be deceived.  I've thought about you at least once every week (when I go grocery shopping back home and I realize I took you for granted).   I'd come to your place at least once a week, sometimes more when I would forget something, you always carried my favorite vanana yogurt, way more chocolate chip cookies, and 12 grain crackers.  And now that I actually cook more often, I've noticed how much more I want you in my life.  I mean, a ginormous bottle of olive oil, for only $5?!  And that amazing tapenade that I basically use on all of the breads you so lovingly bake for me, it gives me the tingles.  From your produce to your cheeses, to your extensive selection of chocolate covered goodies, you cater to my every want and nutritional need, all for a more than reasonable cost.   I love you Joseph, and wish you would come to Utah, but alas, our liquor laws prevent you from doing so.  So our love can only be in the form of a long distance relationship, but have no fear, I will soon run out of bunny gummy tummies and I will be back.  Love, Sam.
5	1st time at this location & I had a great shopping experience. Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable! This location is in a much larger building than the Summerlin location. It's a given that all TJ's are busy, but it is well worth it!
4	This is the #1 place for Hawaii people to go when they come to Vegas (besides the casinos). Lots of snacks and stuff to take back home for friends and family.
5	I've been shopping here for years. This store (located in the US Bank Strip Mall) is the closest location to my home. The parking lot seems crowded each time we come here.  It seems like a smaller store, compared to the other locations. But then again, there are always quite a few people shopping here too. I've been to the other locations (buffalo, henderson) as well. I pretty much set my budget  for about $30 or less here (if I don't do this, I can easily overdo it). I really like their selection of prepared foods (mediterranean lunch; great for a quick office lunch), canned goods (chili), salsa, lavosh (mediterranean bread; great for wraps), bagged nuts (walnuts, cashews, etc.), frozen foods (white roughy fish, brown rice, vegetables, and ethnic dishes), and vitamins (very reasonable). I prefer Fresh & Easy's pricing on the produce. Sometimes, there is a price break on something in the produce section, which is usually a weekly promotion. Everything else is at an excellent value (including wines for gift-giving). The taste of the foods is also important (no problem here). It's hard to beat TJ's for quality food, but Fresh & Easy sure comes close, though. I know there are Whole Foods fans out there, and that's fine, but some things are downright outrageous.  Overall, a clean store, well-stocked, friendly people work here, and checkout seems to go steadily as there is usually a line. The store encourages you to bring your own bags or reuse their brown bags. I still hear on-air ads on the radio, depending on the station I listen to- it's been the same man for years.
4	Perfectly respectable Trader Joe's. Maybe not quite as nice as my local store (West Hollywood, CA) but still, it had everything I needed in a pinch.
5	Boyfriend doesn't get the hype about Trader Joes. Why have us Hawaiians deemed this an omiyage must-stop when in the southwest? He gets that for those who live nearby it's a great stop on the way home from work and agrees their prepared meals look good. But as a gift shop??O M G! Because they have the widest assortment of Americanized yummies ever! It's like Wholesale Unlimited for mainlander tastes! Organic snacks, nuts in every conceivable form, crackers n cookies made from healthy sounding ingredients that look and taste scrumptious. And plain old evil delectables with an interactive twist.We didn't stop there on our recent jaunt (dislike!) but Son and DiL did. They brought over one of TJs new (at least to me) delectables - S'Mashing S'Mores. D R E A M Y ... C R E A M Y sweet goodness. Picture a graham cracker with a honkin' marshmallow all double - triple? - dipped in rich chocolate. What makes this piece of heaven sing is its interactivity component. Label instructions suggest nuking your cookie for 4 - 6 seconds. This is when the magic starts! I  recommend eating this Shanhai Dumpling style. Take a small bite off the outer layer and start slurping out the delicious center. Soooooo good!Service has been consistently pleasant since I started shopping at these markets way back in the early 90's. Assortment and prices are amazing. My recommendation to newbies...make the stop and don't forget the S'Mashing S'Mores!
5	Trader Joe's, please come to Hawaii!!  Always a required stop when visiting the mainland, this place will not disappoint when looking for goodies to bring back home.  My favorites: chocolate lacies, waffle cookies, biscottis with the white frosting and my latest find: the smashing smores. They also have refreshing fruit bowls (watermelon is yummy), and my last visit I got to sample a tomato soup which was terrific, but not suitable to bring home in liquid form =(I love their reuseable bags, just picked up another one this last trip. It would be awesome if they sold boxes to carry on to the airplane with your goodies inside.  I've been lucky so far that my snacks haven't been smashed in the luggage or in my carry ons. Staff is friendly, the products low priced and high quality, the store was clean.
5	Best employees in the world, and Ive been all over the world, trust me. excellent customer service, Gee they really must like their employer or get paid really well.  astounded....
4	It's such a great specialty store. Such nice staff and willing to help.A must buy: Vegan Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies. They're so soft and not too sweet. Love every bite!From their website:*All Products In The Trader Joe's Label Promise:NO artificial flavors, colors or preservativesNO MSGNO genetically modified ingredientsNO added Trans Fats
3	I love Trader Joe's as much as I love to cook or eat, but this one just doesn't compare to the other ones on the other side of town. I came here after downing a ridiculous feast at Amena and wanted to walk it off while looking for some groceries. The outside looks run down, but the inside is well kept. The small is small and the produce did not look that great. I am not a huge fan of frozen food in most instances, but TJ definitely changes my outlook on these quick meals. The Veggie Tikka Masala Burgers are amazing especially when paired with their Mango Chutney. I am also a sucker for anything boasting high fiber, so their cereals and Fiberful Oats and Chocolate Chip bars are a constant staple in my house. Just one taste of these items and you would not be able to tell that they are healthier for you. With radio commercials boasting about how friendly and personal their staff is, I was a little skeptical if it was consistent throughout all stores. I am glad to report that it holds true.
4	This store is important to the Las Vegas grocery selection. They have items that the big stores do not and their prices are reasonable. I love the frozen fruits and the eggs here. Also the store is not so large that it is a huge task to go there and get a few things.
4	Lots of yummy food that's grown locally and organically (if you're into that)This location is generally very busy, but well worth it.
5	Love it. Hope one comes to north fl. Soon.
5	Cooking is my passion and I just love being in front of a stove.  However, I don't think the stove likes me as much as I like him.  When ever I cook, the food taste decent and good.  But hours later, my stomach just doesn't seem to sit well.  So, because of this I've resorted to microwavable foods.  My mind is saying, thank you technology for the microwave and for the chefs who created microwaved foods.  Considering I'm closer to an Albertson's, Smith's, or a Walmart I've chosen these grocery stores for my quick meals.  However, it just wasn't good enough and felt sick just at the thought of what they sell.  I even ended up resorting to McDonald's daily until I really got ill.  I don't know why I didn't even think about Trader Joe's but I'm glad my brain finally decided to function and point me in the right direction.As always, service is awesome, the employees are always friendly, and very considerate of their patrons.  I'm convinced the management knows how to choose their associates; they're all just welcoming, as I have mentioned in my previous review.  Immediately, I go to the frozen microwaved food section and the selection they have is just phenomenal.  Here are some of the products I've purchased:Butter Chicken - bomb!Chicken Pot Pie - awesome!Beef and Potatoes - spectacular!Quiche - delectable!Stir Fry Noodles - passableSheppard's Pie - just OK.Pulled Pork - I'm in HEAVEN!They do have other food that are awesome, but this was my main objective.  So, if you're feeling lazy or you just can't seem to get your cooking skills right like me just head on down to Trader Joe's on Decatur and Oakey.  You will not be disappointed.
5	This Trader Joe's location has the nicest, most positive employee I have ever encountered. I so wish I had gotten his name. We all know trader Joe's is awesome, there's no dispute. I just wanted to give a shout out to the super sweet man who checked us out on our trip back home to Utah. Muah!
5	I love Trader Joe's!  I usually go to the one on Washington.  This location is close to my work.  I was surprised at how much bigger it was.  It had more room.  The one on Washington always seems so crowded.  I don't know if it had more items, but it sure felt like it.  Plenty of parking.  Friendly and helpful workers.  Top notch!
4	So this is the famous Trader Joe`s! After hearing so much about it, we decided to stop by the one in burbank! It is kind of like being in a small wholefood, they have a variety of selection in many things and it is just fun to browse around. I think if i lived in the mainland, this is one supermarket that I would frequent!
5	TJ's has the nicest people of any grocery store.  I usually don't associate grocery stores with great service, but they are the exception.  It's not unusual for an employee to approach you to make sure you're finding everything ok or for your cashier to strike up pleasant conversation.  On my last visit, my cashier noticed I was suffering from allergies and went to get me a box of tissues.Their selection of cheese and meats offers a fun variety at great prices.  Every time I go, I absolutely must get some of their Peppered Smoked Salmon that is delightful to enjoy with wine & cheese.Take a stroll through their wines; they have a lot of value wines, some under $10, that are good.  Despite what some people say, don't be fooled, the $3 Chuck IS NOT one of them.  I love you TJ, but your $3 Chuck sucks.  Some of the TJ Special Reserves are pretty good, and between $7-13/each.Even though this store is not close & convenient to me, I make the pilgrimage to obtain their goodies.  They do not have the widest selection, but the products they do offer are inspired and unique, things that you would not likely find at Smith's or Albertson's.
5	Love the staff! Everyone is super friendly and always smiling. Fruit is always supper fresh. Love their papayas and bananas. And they also carry mochi.
5	This TJ  has the nicest cashier ever! What a great service.  I usually shop at 2 different  TJ's in California (I live smack dab in the middle of the two).  I thought their service was good, but this one is an exception. I bought two dozen eggs, and he checked both to make sure they were all okay. He found a slightest crack (I didn't see them) and he asked another associate to change the carton.  I was about to pick up a case of water, but he wouldn't hear of me picking them up.  He loaded up on the cart for me.  Such a gentleman!
4	I was re-introduced to Trader Joe's recently. I used to do most of my organic shopping at Whole Foods. There's a big difference between the two chains, but I'm definitely appreciating Trader Joe's for what they provide...and I think at a cheaper price at that.I love what everyone else loves also, their selection of nuts, dried fruits, and trail mixes. You want a variety or just plain almonds? They have it, even organic ones. I always buy my organic milk and eggs, plus I fell in love with these healthy blueberry bran muffins, too. Not to mention their ready-to-eat salads. I'd have to say what Whole Foods has is a bigger selection of organic produce. They also carry many more vitamins, supplements, beauty products, and herbal remedies. Almost forgot their vast choices of cheeses. If it wasn't for that, I'd probably shop at Trader Joe's all the time. Last time I was in there, the clerk informed me that if you reuse your recyclable Trader Joe's grocery bags, you can enter your name to win Trader Joe's gift cards. Brownie points for that :)
4	no matter what time you go to a trader joes there is always a pretty decent line to check out.  Just wish that the store had 2 more check out stands.
5	This place is small, but has loads of awesome goodies! Not only is there alot of stuff, but the food is actually affordable. There is no $6 tv dinners here. It's actually probably cheaper than the big grocery stores. The place was pretty good busy when I went and the lines moved pretty quickly. Most of the lanes were open and there was also various people walking the aisles so you can find help if you need it.
5	I love this place!  The store is small, but easy to navigate and find all the amazing goodies you're looking for :)  Some of our favorites: meditteranean hummus, pita chips, white cheddar popcorn, samosas, chicken burritos, orange chicken, chicken sausages, vanilla and cream yogurt, chocolate covered chips, almond butter cookies,  Joe-joe's ice cream and so much more.  The workers are always so friendly and even came up and gave me stickers for my daughter when she was having a meltdown in aisle 3!
4	I wish we had a Trader Joes in Hawaii!! But unfortunately for me they don't and that is why "I Love This Place". Reasons:Easy to find.Great quality products at great prices(Cheaper then Hawaii)Clean and well stocked store.Friendly staff.Mahalo! Trader Joes for cutting down my list of things to bring back for friends!
5	OH deary where do I began. Take a trip through thailand with the thai green peas, and take a trip through thailands red light district near the toilet where every woman awaits your arrival. Some say you must get everything in one swipe in life-- so make sure you wear lose clothing when you stuff their swedeish 1 gal organic milk in your 100% recyble sweater available ONLY on aisle 13. A fresh orange kiss on the shoulder reminds that the produce is freshly incorporated into the signature "TJ Special Scent". The secret ingredient to finding all your recipe items you ask? no plastic bags alowed. genius.
5	After my stop at Einstein Bros Bagels for my pumpernickel bagel (just up the street on Decatur), I then go to Trader Joe's to get fresh fruit to stock my hotel room. Trader Joe's always has a great selection and with the fruit in the room we have something to keep us going and help us skip a meal or two in Las Vegas, because as you may know, it is oh so easy to over eat in Las Vegas!
5	TJs I love you!Got spoiled having TJs right down the street from me in SaMo.Now that I live in Vegas... I will make the 8 mile drive to this location to get all of my "must have" TJ products.I come here atleast 3-4 times a month.Love their fresh flowers too!Great customer service, fast check out and no stress parking.I'm a fan!-Miss Yelp 2012
4	WOW... holy Save MONEY HERE!!! this place is VERY reasonably priced!!!!! I almost fell down as I spent HALF of going to walmart or whole foods!! I almost fell out of shoes!!!! i do not really like the neighborhood....but, I saved a lot . Quick check out, do not have to put groceries on the check out thing (which has a million disgusting germs on it) I was happy with that! I got the wipe the cart right when i got to it...carts are full of horrible germs....i was shocked...6.99 for a huge tub of blueberries......wow!!
5	Trader Joe's is one of my favorite stores!  Everything organic and the prices are very reasonable compared to Whole Foods. My shopping list at Trader Joe's is squash, brown rice tortillas and goat cheese.  Trader Joe's goat cheese is half the price of the goat cheese at any other store around town.  The only disappointment with Trader Joe's is the lack of gluten free products.  They have bread and pasta, but no pizza crust or cookies. They also have a very small variety of dairy free products.  But I still love them!  The customer service is wonderful.  Everyone is always so friendly and helpful.  Always have the freshest products with a very clean facility!  When I am feeling a little cray cray, I scoop up the dried mangos.....no added sugar.....they are AMAZING!  I can eat the entire bag in one sitting!
5	This one's by far the best TJ 's in Vegas! Everything always in stock :)
5	What a great organization!  The staff here is so friendly... I forgot to get something and I realized during my checkout, the cashier offered to personally get it for me.  How awesome is that??Their frozen foods are the biz!!!  Chicken cilantro dumplings and thai shrimp dumplings are money!!
5	I'm such a fan of Trader Joe's. It seems like everything I buy here ends up being so yummy! some items are definitely pricey, but it feels like it's worth it.They have the best variety of fresh fruits and veggies, their granola is awesome, I LOVE their wine and their Mochi ice cream is the best.My favorites though... are placed in a small refrigerator in the frozen foods aisle - all kind of small vegetarian treats! For an example, their "vegetable birds nests" are absolutely AMAZING plus their INCREDIBLE "pastry bites with feta cheese and caramelized onions". Nothing like it!I have to say they're always super nice and helpful, and try to check you out as quick as possible. I just wish they would open more branches in town, I have to drive 20 minutes to this store, and that's the closest to my house...
5	Staff is always helpful.
5	What can you really say about TJ other than its great!
4	Ah Trader Joe's..What can you say. This was the original store, opened to not much fanfare but quickly grew into cult like status.They have the super nice quirky staff, the super good deals on wine, the super selection of all things that makes Trader Joe's, well Trader Joe's.Go and see for yourself, the legion of faithful Joe-ers aren't wrong!
5	came here with a friend to look around.got some glucosamine and things for my girlfriend.theres always one old smelly man in every trader joes ive been to that walks by me and make me want to gag...great food and great people.
4	Being/Living from Hawaii one of the traditions is that you have to bring something back for family and friends when you go off island, and since this was a trip to Las Vegas, Trader Joe's is a must visit.So you know, buying a ton of this stuff can put your check-in bag well over the limit !!!, lucky for me I was able make some creative adjustments (rather than eat the overage) to assure that the yum-yum made it to there prospective homes.The prices are much better than Hawaii, and some of the products are unique to Trader Joe's all together.  They have a wide array of yogurt and chocolate covered items, some I've never even considered, that make fantastic gifts for your family and friends alike.  My girls LOVE the yogurt covered raisins, although they could have just left out the raisin and given me yogurt balls ( I run across the occasional chewed up and spat out raisin on the floor).Very good experience, friendly staff, not enough sugar free stuff for the nana's in the house though.  I/We will continue to visit
5	The best healthy grocery store!
4	I adore Trader Joe's and everything they have to offer. This location, however, needs to grow! It's pretty small and the parking lot is crowded and hectic. I wish TJ's would expand to a bigger location. Staff is awesome, however.
4	Your typical Trader Joe's. Lots of delicious foods at a great price. I recently discovered their waffle cookies and I am hooked! Service is also friendly. Another plus: you can get hard liquor at this store! (definitely one of the things I miss about living in Vegas.)
5	As always this place is like an Oasis in the desert of filth of the neighboring area,I always find the freshest and most innovative foods and ideas for dinner here and the people that work here are always friendly. It's too bad it;s in such a bad part of town.
5	Ok, I've been going here for years and have discovered some Gems! Blueberry And honey goat cheese, power berries, gluten free list ( on their website), gluten free Chocolate chip cookies and ginger snaps, and apple cider ( seasonal ) are just a few!! I'm addicted to this store! Healthy minimally processed goods are a necessity to stay healthy! Great quality never lacks here!! POWERBERRIES !!!! Need I say more??
5	This location of Trader Joe's is by far the best one. I usually go close to closing and hurry so I would not have to keep the staff after closing since I get off of work late. I drive all the way to this location to get the organic yogurt and fruits and well as their amazing Belgium Waffles! YUM! Although I do not look my best after a long day from work, the staff always asks if I am doing ok or if I need help with something (also, even though I'm there close to closing) they are always helpful and friendly. I definitely feel at home and this is excellent seeing that it is coming from a grocery store.
4	pretty good for yummy fancy food for a decent price and there are some healthy options here compare to regular food store! love it!
4	at first i found trader joe's to be small with a minimal verity but after making this store my primary food source i find that the use of space in the small area is amazing. The staff are always friendly and kind. Lower cost on organic food than Whole-Foods and  always fresh. and free samples to boot!
4	Wonderful experience shopping at this location . As soon as I walked in I feel like I am in my hometown where I always shop . Shopping in Vegas or NY was the same experience in this outlet . Super clean and friendly staff ..
5	I came in here looking for cookie butter for a friend of mine who was visiting Las Vegas.  I was directed to the front where I was able to get 2 jars.I'm not sure what the hype is all about for the cookie butter but since it is not available in Hawaii it is the best gift to get someone.  Unfortunately the cookie butter sells out fast so you are only able to get 2 jars at a time.  Somehow i will make it back and get more jars to mail back to friends in Hawaii.Cookie butter taste so darn good that I can eat it right out of the jar.The store is very organized and the employees are super friendly.
5	Cookie butter is a "winna" all the people from Hawaii was getting it. The only thing you can only get 2 bottles per person. It comes in chunky and creamy. Never had it before so as soon as we got back to the hotel we bust out one bottle of creamy style eat it with a pretzel cause that's all we had in our room. Lets tell u it was the shiznitz we gave my wife's Aunty a taste she was like "get me 2 bottles". So tomorrow we going back to get more.
5	I love Trader Joes. It allows me to get my organic, socially conscious food on withouth a huge punch to the wallet. Great produce. I cannot do ALL of my grocery shopping done at Trader Joes, but a great majority can be done here.There is also a banging vitamin section. An ample wine selection (hey, $2 chuck). Tons of speciality items.One thing I love that Trader Joes does, it has ready made salads, wraps, and the likes. You have to read the labels (as must of us who tend to shop at places like Trader Joes do) and you can walk out of this joint full, organic, and less than 500 calories for lunch.One of my favorite places to shop. Freindly staff. The store isn't overly large. Wide aisles. Staff decked out in Hawaiian shirts. Paper bags only. What's not to love?
5	I wish Hawaii had a Trader Joes!!!Everytime I have come to Vegas (a whole two times) I had to make a stop at Trader Joes to pick up the best goodies to bring home to my friends. This location is not too big but there are literally hundreds of goodies to go through. So many different kinds of chocolate covered nuts and fruits, trail mixes, cookies, crackers, and of course the famous cookie butter! Ever since I could remember, my grandparents brought back the chocolate covered fruit medley on their Vegas trips so that's always been a personal favorite and the first thing I stock up on. I would seriously chip in to get a trader joes started in Hawaii!!!
5	When I first came to town. my grocery shopping days, were like like Christopher Columbus. I didn't know where I was going, when I got there.. I didn't know where I was and when I got back, .I didn't know where I had been. How did  I ? survive the cold and windy city of Chicago (four seasons-rain. sleet, mud and snow-two weather men..just for the wind chill factor), without meeting Joe- trading his wares. I think I have blown all my meager earnings at Trader Joe's, like the gambler at Station Casinos.. Speaking of the Station Casino's, I was at the Palace Station, few weeks ago and  there was so much smoke, I thought there was a smokers convention. Few of the players were eating sushi with chopsticks from a side table at the Black Jack, The whole place smelled of sushi and choked with smoke. The only thing that place is good for is the one dollar margarita at the bar directly from the machine (this reminded of the strong margaritas from ex Z Tejas Grill on Paradise Rd., that used put me in a drunken stupor.)After I found steak and potatoes here, I have stopped going to the Gourmet Chef restaurants, whose chefs, also have something in common with Cristoforo Columbo. He also borrowed money from Queen Isabella and had no idea where he was heading and the Gourmet Chefs have borrowed money from the investors and they have no clue what they are cooking. "Forgive them Lord...They Know Not What They Do." Since I found the orange chicken and kung pao chicken, I will never frequent a Chinese eatery again (another reason-I have no disability or life insurance and I don't employ a food tester)The products are the best value for the money, not to mention, the trust behind the Brand. No ripping off customers with clever Ad's and two for one gimmicks or membership to buy junk food at whole sale prices. No Non-Profit- "give it back to the community" crooks-who take lot more than they give. A gimmick to pay themselves million dollar salary and take tax write off's.This is privately owned and it should stay that way for the good of mankind and health of its shoppers.The employees are the friendliest.and most helpful bunch I have encountered. They are all good at multi-tasking and so there is hardly any wait to check out. The few who are not friendly-are smokers! (this is my close observational skills at work)
4	I love me some Trader Joe's for many reasons! Their service can't be beat for starters as they are always friendly, motivated and eager to take care of you. I often stop by to grab a lunch here during work as they have a chicken pesto with sun dried tomato wrap that is delicious. The sweet pesto sauce it comes with to dunk for extra flavor is ridiculous good.I also am addicted to their trex trail mixes and they have quite a few, even breakfast trail mixes. My favorite is the cashews, almonds and bitter sweet chocolate bits mix.Everything is always fresh, and their produce is always a hit and more affordable than you may think!I will keep this review simple because I could really go on and on in bragging about how great this store is! :)
4	I like TJ's they have the best things and usually for a great price. What I really like about them are the seasonal items that they carry. Its "fall" right now and everyone is starting to get pumpkin crazy. If you love all things pumpkin TJ's is FOR YOU!! They have anything your pumpkin heart would desire. Pumpkin:Chia tea spice mixmacaroonscheesecakebread puddingcroissants with chocolate chips ice creamcoffeeteapancake mixThat is just a small list of the pumpkin things they have! I've gotten the pancake mix, ice cream, and macaroons and boy let me tell you they are all delicious!! The macaroons are my all time favorite! Go ahead and by like 5 boxes, trust me you will be back for more.This location is nice has pretty much every thing you could think of, it's clean and well kept. My only bit that I don't like was there really weren't to many employee's around, I had a question and by the time I found someone I already forgot what it was. I guess it wasn't that important but still. Also, I'm use to going to TJ's in San Diego and the one I went to there was HUGE very HUGE, I kind of miss that. Check out their website they always have what new things are to come.
5	this place is awesome! I love TJ! such a unique store and I love that it's not huge. They have all kinds of stuff and their plants are so cheap too. I got my grandma a lavender plant for $10. I've been shopping here forever now, I just wish they would open a location around southwest (spring valley) area :/
4	I love tradr joes. People tend to assume it would be expensive, but sometimes I can get more here for $20 than at albertsons.I like to shop when stores are emptier, but when I came to this location, it was definitely bustling. Good for the store, bad for me. A couple of things I would recommend getting here is: the loaded fruit and nut granola, spinach dip, everyday seasoning for cooking, check out the premade salads too! If you're looking for something quick, the super spinach salad was good.
4	A lot of people love Trader Joe's. I just like it. Trader Joe's is a super cool supermarket, but let's not get confused here and think Trader Joe's is a health market like Whole Foods, because that seems to be the common misconception. This place sells h healthful things, just their own brand. They have their own kind of Oreos, chips, etc. It's just another store that's really cool. The kinds of things that they sell here are pretty cool. I really like their selection of different nut butters and of their frozen things you can cook. And if you haven't heard, the cookie butter is all the craze! I really like their cookies, especially their Joe Joe's! Those are definitely worth trying. They have various nuts, grains, sprayable coconut oil (which I haven't seen elsewhere), and a lot of cool things that might not be found in conventional supermarkets. I really would consider giving them a try. The area this particular store is in might seem a little shady at first, but it really isn't to bad. It's safe  and the store inside is nice. The employees are nice whenever I've talked to them, so if you are in the area and you want to visit a Trader Joe's or have never visited one before, this would not be a bad one to visit!
2	I have never in my life wanted to donkey punch old people as much as I do here.  The parking lot was flooded with people who didn't know how to drive, and parking seemed like an impossible task for most. After parking on the street to avoid conflict, I walked Into the store and almost instantly had a panic attack. The store was worse then the parking lot, people everywhere. Standing in the way, bumping into me, standing in the isles talking.  It was IMPOSSIBLE to maneuver through the store with my own cart.  Within 5 minutes I aborted my mission and left, NEVER to return.
4	We all know their snickety-snacks are the best. Yada, yada, agree. But their flower selection is amazing. I'm from the south and I was heartbroken that I couldn't find peonies for less than $200 at the local florists. Trader Joes had them for $6 and they lasted weeks and I got my way for once.
5	Love this grocery store!  Hands down the best in Las Vegas. All of its product is exceptional and reasonably priced. I love their coffees and frozen prepared food the most. Try the frozen won ton soup! I eat at least two bowls a week at work. Bacon ends and pieces for 2.99$ yes please!
5	All Trader Joes I have been were all amazing!  All employees provide excellent customer service and they are always stocked with everything!
4	Store is always clean, sometimes there's free food samples, check-out line goes fast, prices are reasonable for the quality merchandise, good prepared meals/food options.
3	This location has been here for a while, and this might be my tenth visit. It's not a larger Trader Joe's, but its selections are good, and inventory wasn't spotty. If you like the Cult of Trader Joe's, you'll probably find all your favorites here, but as in many locations, liquor dominates, and I want a grocery, not a liquor store. The veggies here were good. The staples were pretty good although if you're into the TJ variety of nuts, not so good. Indian food and vegan-focused offerings were less than other locations in other cities I've been to. All that said, it's still one of the better Trader Joes, just handicapped by its small-sized facility.
5	We're back in Vegas!  So, of course our first stop (well, second stop if you count picking up our rental car first) was Trader Joe's. First on the list: yogurt covered anything.  My girls like the yogurt stars (cookies).  The adults like the yogurt covered fruit. Next, all kinds of snacks:  mini chocolate chip cookies, ginger snaps, lemon crisps, english toffee, dried fruit, etc.Our new favorite:  cookie butter!!!  Imagine a cookie (different flavors of cookies) smashed up and made into a yummy, spreadable form.*** TIP:  If you buy the cookie butter, you need to put it in your checked bag.  TSA will confiscate it if it's in your carry on.  As the guy at the Trader Joe's checkout said, "TSA has more cookie butter than the state of Hawaii."  :-(
5	I grocery shop here almost every week! Everyone and I mean everyone is so friendly, nice and helpful. I love coming to this store. They always have fresh fruit and veggies,  your choice organic! Its nice to go to a grocery store and feel like its yours. Smiles on every face and conversation while checking out. Kodos on GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
5	I love this location. They're always friendly and helpful. Every time I go in, I get great service that feels genuine. It is usually a quick stop after work and the lines are never too long, like at the Eastern location (which is my home location). The guy with tattoos and glasses is who I tend to look for, because he is consistently going above and beyond to offer great customer service. Good job guys!
4	This aint your basic grocery store. Actually, to tell you the truth, I did not really start coming here until this cookie butter craze took off. This last visit, I was actually there to get some Mac n Cheese in the frozen food section because I have had some at somebody's house before and it was just brought up in a recent conversation (Yelp Talk strikes again!). Ironically, there just happen to be some Speculoos Cookie Butter available on the shelf. Since I already had the regular cookie butter at home, I got the Cocoa Swirl this time. I was a bit surprised that there was any Speculoos at all since people pretty much grab all of them as soon as the store opens up.If you are not in a rush, I recommend you take your time shopping here because not only will you discover new things, you will also learn that the employees here are very helpful in anything that you might be looking for.Besides your basic grocery items, you will find that TJ's carries other things that even the major grocery stores don't carry. These guys might not be the biggest stores, but they house a lot of goodies that people come here specifically for. Things like various nuts, vegetables, spices, pickled items, chips, etc. So get on up and check this place out any time you pass by one or are in the area. Stock up on some goodies!Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #41
4	12.25.13.Merry Christmas Yelpers!!This is a late review for a trip to TJ's over Thanksgiving...as other Yelper's have mentioned, the lack of TJ's in Hawaii causes us to go CRAZY (not even kidding) when we stop by in any TJ location on the mainland.Hawaii mindset of entering a TJ's: see (Speculoos) cookie butter, grab cookie butter (as many as can carry), rejoice in bringing home the "gold" for fam/friends! ...but seriously. Be careful though, I believe some TJ's enforce a cookie butter purchase maximum; this one didn't look like they had one. I personally love the Speculoos cookie butter cookies and milk/dark chocolate bars better than the butter :)We actually already had a stash at home, so that wasn't really our mission this time around. Instead we were looking for snacks we could take home as omiyage (gifts) for our offices/coworkers. Holiday items were also available at this time (Thanksgiving); peppermint Jojo's are my favs!!If I'm ever in Vegas again I know I'll probably visit TJ's again; a definite winner when it comes to bringing back gifts for people at home!Yelp 365 Challenge: #358/365
4	This Trader Joes had extremely quick lines. Thankfully.Now I'm not a huge Trader Joe's Fan. But when I needed some coconut water and apple cider vinegar for my throat I stopped into this location. Which had both in spades.While their prices are comparable to Safeway, I wish they had a better selection of different brands. But in a pinch, they'll do.The service was quite good and they had some carry out bags front and center for purchase if that was your poison.But mostly, we came in, came out, quickly.
4	Another Trader Joe's location does a great job!   I don't know what it is about this grocery store but I just love their selections.  The parking here is a little bit hectic and busy.  It was hard to get in and out but that's probably my only complaint.  Like most of their other locations, you walk in to their variety of flowers which always puts a smile on my face.  Their flowers always look fantastic.  Plus they seem to have different varieties that can't be found in other local grocery stores.  This store is very clean, neat and organized.  I wouldn't have expected anything less from them.   The items that are staples in my home are always stocked and calling my name.  Prices are fantastic as well!Customer service means a lot to me.  Trader Joe's has this perfected.  I seem to get the best cashiers every single time.  They are quick, efficient and so friendly!  Even though it's small talk, it makes a world of a difference.   Thank you Trader Joe's for another fabulous store!
5	Yeah! I love Trader Joe's! Up and down every isle yes yes yes.. This store is laid out pretty much like every Trader Joe's I've ever been in, easy to navigate, and I can always find my favorites. The coffee is pretty yummy, large selection of cheese, the vegies are amazing! The frozen food section is really, really good. I have been a fan of TJ's for a long time! The 2 buck Chuck is a yes (wine)! Great store, big fan.. The staff is super nice (they are always super chipper, upbeat, happy little cats) in every store. It is pretty cool. Big ol' fan here..
5	What can one say other than iconic. Maybe great products, prices, & staff. Ready made or take home works for me.  I only wish they were in SW UT where so many CA Expats live.
3	Trader Joe's is a typical Cali-influenced grocery store. I fell in love with them on the West Coast, then found myself going less and less when we got locations back in my hometown in Texas. Now I barely go, but when I do it's for specific TJ items!For starters, I love their floral section by the entry- they usually have good pricing. Today was no exception; tulip bouquets for $3? Score! Need to keep this place in mind when I need flowers.Produce can be very hit or miss, I find them to be pretty overpriced.Frozen section has a lot of scores for people who don't really know how to cook, or who want some help for their side dishes: their chicken potstickers are a steal at $3/bag, and they're super easy to heat and eat. They also have a chicken gorgonzola dish that is pretty bomb.Recently they've added a fresh juice section- today I grabbed a bottle of carrot juice, also available in organic for about a buck more. I may have to go back and stock up.Lots of snackable foods in the rest of the store, from cracker-cut cheeses and goat cheese samplers in dairy, to more varieties of tortilla and pita chips than you can shake a stick at (including the pumpkin seed and cranberry variety that I love!). Refrigerated cases have just about every hummus under the sun (eggplant is my favorite), and of course there's the wine section as well.TJ's three buck Chuck in the Cab is good, but I don't think I've ever gone wrong blindly picking from the aisles either. There's a sparkling red that's good too, I think it's by Romano vinyards? No clue, but it's delish and $5, which might narrow down your search. It has a champagne-type cork and is on the last aisle by the chips.Service is stellar, too. Crew members are stocking shelves and stopping to answer questions without seeming bothered, cashiers open up as soon as they notice a line, and they're without a doubt the friendliest (and best-compensated, in terms of pay and benefits) grocery workers I've encountered compared to any other chain.Side note, I still haven't tried the cookie butter, but the regular, crunchy, and cocoa were all in stock this afternoon.
5	Love this location!  Love this store!!!  If you have never tried a Trader Joe's, this would be a great location to try out.  The parking lot is crazy all the time, so don't let the lack of parking scare you off.  The workers are awesome and super nice.  The selection is consistently available.My top place to go in Vegas for inexpensive, nice fresh flowers!
2	I am comparing this Trader Joe's to the ones I have been to in San Diego and also in Arizona.TJ's is known for hiring friendly people but most of the employees here say nothing to you when you walk past them. They also have the worst produce, and meat I have seen at a TJ's. Multiple times I have seen moldy produce and the last time I came in most of the turkey franks were bad but still on the shelf. I know TJ's employees are walking around the store all day so why don't they notice it before I do. Recently, I returned a few items and the woman asked me if something was wrong with them. No big deal but I'm used to the TJ's employees asking no questions and just taking back the items. Lastly some products are not labeled with the expiration date. This TJ's needs to step up their game.P.S. I can't believe most of TJ's chocolates have corn syrup.
5	I love, love, love Trader Joe's. The end.
5	Great specialty market. I go here for a decent price on specialty items I don't need a Costco-sized amount of. This store seems bigger than the one on Washington. Friendly staff. Usually one of the only places to get figs when they are in season - not yet- and at a good price.
5	Delightful store. Good, VERY FRIENDLY HELP (they remember my NAME, a very important thing to me!) Always freshest produce, meats, cheeses, dairy products, including eggs. Excellent wines selection, ranging from inexpensive to grossly expensively-priced, too. Best selection of French wines (my favorite) in the city. A little bit cramped, but, easy to navigate, nevertheless. Enjoyable shopping: thou art Trader Joe's! Thank you!
5	MOVE OVER all this cookie butter nonsense. If you haven't tried their one of a kind "Quinoa and Black Bean chips" you're missing out!! It goes great with their TJ potato salad. Produce is always fresh and fairly priced here. Staff are super knowledgeable and even offer their own personal recommendations. Love coming here to shop I always leave with a big smile on my face.
4	This place is a healthy powerhouse. The employees are super friendly. Me not being a fan of healthy eating I haven't tried all the different products that they have, however this is good food. Even the all natural candy, which I love, tasted even better than most other brands.
5	I am here at least four times a week and they have never let me down! They have fresh produce and a great deli selection that is perfect for lunch. Don't even get me started on their snacks and dessert! (Insert drool here) My family raves over all of their various treats.. The flavor just never ends!The staff is always very friendly and greeting me with a smile within moments of walking in :)Trader Joe's addict right here! Two thumbs up!!
5	Honey, I'm home!No, but really... Trader Joe's is ace! I find that certain items here are less expensive for what they are. I generally come for the organic produce and frozen meals. When I'm feeling indulgent, I'll browse their chips and snacks! You can never go wrong with the nut butters and their coconut oil is cheaper than my nearest grocer. The employees friendly, and it just feels like an all-around neighborhood market!
5	I've been getting used (it takes 21 days for it to become a habit? the experts say) to my new diet now (low-sodium), and have been going to Trader Joe's for the past six or seven straight weekends. While I can't find everything on my list, I can find nearly 90% of what I need for the upcoming week: no salt tortilla chips, low-sodium salsa, many vegetables, such as jalapenos, green bell peppers, pre-cut romaine lettuce leaves, lemons, bananas, apricots, and basil, granola, meat such as ground turkey and oh-so-cute mini hamburgers, equally-as-cute mini hamburger buns, lemonade, eggs, and frozen goods such as, vegetables, fruit (for smoothies), coconut frozen dessert, brown rice, fish and clams. Although, there are low-sodium options in chicken broth (still a little too high for my liking, though) and minestrone (better, and in moderation), the selection of beans are lacking in the "no-salt added" department. I'm still trying to find low-sodium BBQ sauce, but that seems so hard-to-find (might have to make my one). As far as convenience, this is the one closest to my house, compared to Whole Foods (more pricey too, guess I could go after work to the Town Square location, if need be; another option is to go to Sunflower after work, too) and the two Fresh & Easy stores which I loved, closed a while ago. But since adopting my new diet, I've found a new-found appreciation for this store, and will continue doing the bulk of my grocery shopping here. I've even got my husband doing his weekly shopping here too (meal bars, cereal, almond milk, pulled chicken). And, like me, he is reading labels for sodium content.The first three sections (above) were written when I was pregnant in 2012. Ok, so you caught me, procrastinating...So here's my update. We go here almost every week. I'm not on a super-strict low-sodium diet, but I still do watch my sodium intake during the weekdays (5 days out of the week). The truth is: there are so many good items to buy here, from the granola, the salads, the cheese (oh so many options!!!), the frozen mahi mahi burgers, chicken lime cilantro burgers, shepherd's bread, pasta sauce, orzo, frozen chicken breast, milk, etc. etc. etc. I can go on and on, but I 'll stop my rambling. Nowadays, we do most of our grocery shopping here, then, Sam's Club, and sometimes, Sprouts, or Target, and if we are in the area, at Fresh & Easy.
5	When I moved to Vegas I remember being concerned that there might not be a trader joes in town! I was very pleasantly surprised to learn that we have 2 locations & more coming! I can't say enough great things about this store! I enjoy the staff, they are always very friendly & the selection in great food is fantastic. Prices aren't bad either! You can taste the quality ingredients! I love the cheeses, wines & veggies here and the beautiful flowers which you can always find something special & unique! I spend way too much money on my visits but that gives me a reason to have a party!
5	Trader Joe's has become my favorite place to grab groceries. They're extremely affordable and their products are amazing. The first couple of times I got the total for the items I bought, my jaw dropped because it was sooooo much cheaper than going to your regular Smiths or Albertsons. The quality of their products even surpasses the products the run-of-the-mill grocery stores would carry.To break it down, think of Trader's as the affordable Whole Foods. They even carry their own products that are to die for. I just tried their buttered cookies the other day and now I know I'm in trouble, because those babies are addictingly yummy. The only downside is that they don't carry everything you may need, like appliances. BUT if you're looking to save money and buy cheap products that don't suck, Trader Joe's is your man.
5	Trader Joe's is awesome I love to go there the staff are so friendly and helpful have a lot of cool interesting items that you don't usually see in regular stores and if you are looking for organic vegan products. The store for you
5	Always a good experience to shop at Trader Joe's! 15 mins drive from the strip and I got all the groceries needed for a week in Vegas. Nice selection of vegetables and mixed salads and plenty of alcoholic options.
1	Great quality groceries!!! Really nice fruit and veggies and meat and everything
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! Woohoo! As good as it gets! Woohoo! As good as it gets! My favorite grocery store. If not Trade Joe's, where? It's got to be Trader Joe's.
5	I absolutely love Trader Joes. Normally I despise grocery shopping but I actually look forward to my trips to Trader Joes with my boyfriend. Its like a date night activity for us My favorite products are (but not limited to)Superfood pilaf (yummy blend of sweet potatoes, kale & quiona)Coconut & Olive oil - SO reasonably priced Gorgonzola & multigrain crackers Cookie butter obviSpeciality cheeses like blueberry goat cheese - yum!!!The frozen Mac & cheese & Mac & cheese balls The cherry, grape or heirloom tomatoes Whole wheat pizza crust Blood orange soda for making sangria Black bean chipsAlmond mealI even buy supplements& skin products here!! Going to try cleaning products next!I just wish it was a tad bit closet but that what I get for living by the stripKEEP UP THE AMAZING JOB!
5	The food here is expensive but super worth eating healthy and feeling good about yourself. The customer service is amazing.
4	This trade joes is on the small size and the prices for the alcohol is very high .They have a good selection of fish and cheese and if your looking for a bottle of wine they have it
