4	As a New Yorker visiting Matthews who is apprehensive about getting a decent cup of coffee west of the Hudson, finding this place was a huge relief and comfort.  The coffee is good, the baristas know what they're doing, there's free WiFi, plenty of space, the decor is warm and comfortable, everyone is friendly, thank goodness for Dilworth in Matthews.
3	In my expansive (coffee drinking) experience, there are two broad categories of coffee shops. The first is the more typical coffee shop, whose clientele consists mostly of people working, reading, or hanging out with friends.  The people who patronize this sort of establishment are generally old enough to be potty-trained.Then, there are the mommy shops.  This sort of coffee shop is patronized mainly by mothers and small children.  That's fine: I have nothing against children, although should I ever have them, I am not sure I would want to take them to a place with a high concentration of caffeine fumes in the air.  However, the population of mommies and toddlers is not conducive to activities such as working, reading, or hanging out with potty-trained friends.This particular DIlworth scion is definitely a mommy shop. Actually, in my opinion, most Dilworths are, but this one is especially so, given its location in downtown Matthews. The last time I swung by, thinking I would hunker down and do some work, I saw a group of three mommies pushing gigantic strollers full of toddlers into the shop.  I turned around and went to the Caribou on Sardis, which, fortunately, was minor-free.Mind you, I have nothing against kids, and Dilworth's coffee is good.  I am just saying that if you are looking for a place to get some work done or read a book, this is not the place for you.
3	Good coffee house in Matthews. Parking can be an issue.
4	I need a relatively constant flow of caffeine to keep my day going smoothly. And I usually need a relatively constant flow of Internet. So after a nearby lunch with a weak sweet tea, I was feeling the drop when I spotted this oasis of coffee!Excellent latte and comfortable seating for me and my laptop.I hung out for an hour and watched a few people come and go while I did my thing.Nice inside and outside seating. I didn't have any, but the selection of pastries and sweet things looked top notch.
5	I love the salted caramel iced coffee. Their hot coffee is awesome too. I go here instead of starbucks for the atmosphere, the people, and the great coffee. Not a lot of parking but it would be worth walking to if need be. If you are in downtown Matthews, this is the place for coffee.
2	Its unfortunate because the coffee is really good and its a cute atmosphere inside but I always feel like I am bothering the staff when I walk in.  I'm stared at until I do the greeting hello and they seem to unhappily take my order.  After many attempts for better service, I won't return.
4	I'm basing this off of my initial visit here, but first impressions are often the most lasting. PROS:Atmosphere is great -- very cozy.Staff are very helpful.Tasty coffee.Free WiFi.CONS: The area can be busy, causing constrained parking.  One tip: if you order one of the coffees of the day, keep your cup.  You're allowed one free refill.  Sure would've been nice to snag the free refill instead of paying for another cup.  But with a medium costing a hair under $2, I'm not going to complain.
5	My favorite place in town.staff are terrific food is as good as the coffee
5	Preferred to Starbucks...I've been to this coffee shop about 7 times so far, have utilized their wi-fi twice, and have had a pleasurable experience every time.Another review says that this place is a 'mommy' shop - I would beg to differ, depending on the time of day. I typically go between 1PM and 4PM and have yet to see parents with their kids. A few times, I saw women crocheting and a few other younger adults with their laptops. Sometimes, it was packed; other times, not so much; but I wouldn't call it a 'mommy' coffee shop (unless I'm missing something).There is ample seating, both inside and out. The coffee? Delicious. I would recommend this store to Starbucks as it doesn't have the "get as many customers in and out as soon as possible to make our corporation as much money as possible" feel. I didn't feel rushed to order and didn't have customers behind me when I ordered, so I felt free to browse the menu boards and to ask questions.I must admit that I do like Starbucks, but I find this coffee house to be superior in its own way. Location: great, it's in downtown Matthews - within walking distance to shops and restaurants. The outside seating is nice for conversations, people- and traffic/train-watching as it's right by the railroad tracks. It's also convenient if you are heading to Town Hall or the library, as it is about 500 feet from both.Free wi-fi, great coffee, friendly and informative staff (they know their coffee types/flavors and will explain how each is made and the ingredients).
4	The good:Very friendly placeGood coffeeGood pastriesAllows you to seat, sip coffee and do your businessfree wi-fiNice atmosphereThe bad:Parking is limitedCould use more pastry variety.
3	The service has been painfully slow both times I stopped in here.They seem to only have one employee working during the day which is fine but just plan on being there for a while.  I have tried the pumpkin cheesecake latte and the chai tea latte.  I requested almond milk (so glad they offer it).  Both drinks were good but super super sweet.  I heard the girl in front of me ask for "half" the syrup/flavoring in her drink and now I can see why.  My drink wasn't very hot either so it didn't take long before it was basically cold.  No bueno.They are more expensive than starbucks but offer some better options.   I like them, I don't love them. They do offer some great pastries/snacks/sandwiches as well.  It is nice to have this alternative in downtown Matthews but I will definitely ask for less syrup next time I stop in.
