2	We wait FOREVER for our food every time we come here, no matter what time of day, even if it's a take/out order. However, I love Denny's and their food but aim for a different location!
1	4.5 stars? Are you out of your minds?! I went there last night out of pure desperation as it was so late. The only healthy thing on the menu was a tilapia dish which they wouldn't let me order cos I'm not a 'senior.' Am I not a paying customer? Who cares how old I am?! So anyway, I ordered a veggie burger with fries and rushed back to my hotel. Why? Cos I just couldn't sit there any longer! As I waited for my food, I noticed a humungous hair ball on the floor which kept blowing in towards me in the wind each time the door opened. And worse still - no one came to clean it up until after 20 mins! Ugh!! I can't tell you how many times I checked the inside of my burger! Never again!! No more slumming it in Vegas. It's just not worth it!
3	Service was good until we actually sat down to eat. It took longer then expected. We had a host by the name on StaciLynn whom was energetic but very slow. My girlfriend and I seen a mass load of people coming in and having to wait also the wait to pay for the food was long.
3	I don't usually review places like Denny's for the reason I never get good service. BUT this locations I have visited about 4 times in the past year First two times I was amazed service and food was awesome. So I though to myself is this because its on the Vegas Strip ? But my most two recent visits, last visit 10-2014 it was just sad. Server was nice but food was cold took about 30 min to be seated management was very helpful. I love this Denny's and would like to come back but they need improvement.
1	Worst service ever.  Waited at table for 15 min no service the went to bar and took order 90 people running around but no one carries
5	It's Denny's, so food is the same all around usually.  I came here at 2am and the waitress was very friendly.  Usually you find ppl that don't care to work there, but our waitress was friendly and personable. Food was actually better than I thought at 2am!
1	The worse Denny's I've been to very rude employees very filthy  never eat there again
5	I always stay at the Wynn/Encore and this Denny's is right next door. It is my favorite place to walk to and take care of my hang over. The servers are really great and hardworking. The food is always hot and so damn good! I am always so happy to go here with my friends.
