4	This review is for the one on John J Delaney Drive in the Ballantyne Commons East Shopping Center; both places are owned by the same people.  I came here one late afternoon to do a quick eyebrow wax because it was close to where I work.  The ladies in the salon were super friendly and did a great job.  I came back for a mani/pedi and had the same great experience.  I have been going here for over a year now and have had no cause for complaints.  I always see Theresa for my mani/pedi and usually I make an appointment as sometimes they get real busy.  Lynn is good with the eyebrows, she even does threading which I prefer.
4	I've been going to NiNi in Piper Glen since 2002--almost 10 years, wow! I have a great relationship with them and try to get a pedi every time I'm in town visiting my folks. No real appointments necessary; sign in, get in the chair, and they'll ask you what you want to drink. I think they offer most soft drinks, water, and wine. My pedis always last 3 to 4 weeks. These days, there are great specials and discounts, so call to figure out when there are good deals.
1	If I could give 0 stars to this place, I really would. I always dreaded going to this place given that you ALWAYS feel like Elaine from Seinfeld (I'm serious) and they have by far the worst customer service ever, no matter how much you tip them.Second I have my favorite dress ruined, because these people keep old nail polishes around and as I was trying to open one of their ancient nail polishes it spilled ALL over me.There you are, if you want terrible customer service AND prefer old/low quality products, this place is the way to go. Otherwise I would recommend posh nail salon, they have much better service, esse products AND their stuff is actually clean & new. Oh and it's the same price.
1	Went to the nini nails on John Delany and got the worst pedicure ever staff was rude and my nails look like crap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I come here usually about every 4 months or so (or once my heels are so cracked I can't be seen in public with sandals on). I always appreciate the ladies' recognizing me, and their suggestion that I come and sit in a pedicure chair to soak my weary feet.You can sip on a glass of wine or a soft drink and simply enjoy the pampering. I have very ticklish feet, so I always know my grimaces during the foot massage will be met with laughter.They are also very accommodating and conversational when necessary (if I'm not there with a friend, they'll chat with me).My nails always end up looking great and stay that way for a few days...usually a week or two.Do remember to bring cash for a tip. I can understand why they do this, and my mani-pedi buddy usually forgets, so I bring extra.I appreciate their quick and detailed work...it's a nice treat once in a while.
1	Worst customer service EVER. The girl I had, wish I knew her name, was on her phone texting, checking Facebook, and talking to someone on the phone, laughing and obviously not talking about something important, the WHOLE time. The whole point of going to a salon is to relax and enjoy getting your nails done but I couldn't because of her checking her phone every chance she got. Tried politely talking to her and she ignored me too. Never going back ever again. It's a shame because I really liked the way it looked inside over some other places.
4	Walked in and was acknowledged quickly. I was served by two different ladies- one for the pedicure and one for my manicure. The service was above average. The ladies are friendly enough and I did not feel as if they were conversing about us clients in their language (have seen it happen at similar nail shops). The best thing is that it began to rain and the lady lent me her umbrella to be ale to walk home. I did return the umbrella two days later but was super impressed at the ease with which she volunteered her umbrella and she did not even take my details as "insurance" should I have failed to return her umbrella
