1	Don't waste your time! They charge outlandish fees! They told us that if we brought our paychecks in to get verified then they could deposit it same day instead of having to wait. Guess what?!? They can't do that and you have to wait four days! I have used credit unions all over the US and never heard of anything as stupid as this credit union. We will definitely NEVER be back!they talked us into staying last time but this is it! We are done here!
5	Great credit union here. Employees and staff are all very friendly and provide excellent customer service and info. Opening a checking/savings was quick and easy and best of all it's at a convenient location close to my home.
4	This location offers a great customer service team, from management down.I have never had to wait more than 5 minutes for help and then once I am being serviced, it is always speedy and fast. The employees do not mind having a friendly, casual conversation either. I never feel displaced or bothersome. My only gripe is the location of the drive through ATM. Sometimes it is too hard for me to see the screen depending on the location of the sun. Maybe I just need to be taller or need a bigger car so I sit higher up. LOL. (I originally had this review under the wrong ONCU location. OOPS! )
1	This is the branch where my account was opened, but it's close to my job. I have been a member over 30 yrs,  back when it was Nellis Federal CU. Today I went to the DI branch and had the unfortunate pleasure of being serviced by Linda Sue Murphy. My name was the next name on the sign-up list, with her back to me, she turned to the other customer seated who happened to be Caucasian, I am African-American, and said. " I can help you"'. I spoke up and said "I'm next". She said "are you sure"  and even the security guard told her "yes". The whole time I was seated at her desk, she never looked up at me when speaking to me, and she appeared unhappy that she had to assist me.I am TOTALLY insulted, I am an educated (Master's Degree) Woman, not that it should matter and I have never experienced this kind of service at any branch of this Credit Union, EVER!!!!!My father served on the board of directors in the1980's and I have been loyal since I opened my account many years ago.Because of the service I received today, I will have to find another branch to transact  business at as I will never return to this location again as I may have to encounter this individual again. She, in my opinion, needs a a lesson in customer service. This is discrimination at its best, and today, I am embarrassed to be associated with One Nevada Credit Union and plan to share this experience with those whom I know have accounts at this institution.Thank you for your time,Robyn McGough
