4	The Blind Pig recently opened a second location, one street across on Neil St, providing downtown Champaign with another bar stocked with good beer.The real draw here will be the house-brewed beer - in the coming months, there will be four drafts of craft brewed Blind Pig brand beers.  Until then, the draft selection is a (smaller) reflection of the selection from the Blind Pig around the corner.  Despite that, the new Pig Brewery remains very busy, both in the small interior and the very large beergarden.
3	I'll probably up my rating once the Piglet starts serving their own beers, 'cause god knows I love local microbrews.  But for now it's just alright.  It is a smaller version of the Blind Pig with a poor layout and a way toned down beer selection.  I hope it'll get better with the introduction of their own beers, but if not, I still have its mother ship, so all is well.
3	I like "The Piglet" well enough but I really think downtown Champaign needs another bar like it needs another grad student sitting outside a coffee shop writing a thesis on their Macbook that is going to change the world.  I've heard the rumor that The Piglet was built to hold the overflow from The Big Pig and I'm interested to see how the business holds up once the crowds who were enjoying the unusually beautiful and humidity free evenings this summer disappear into their holes for the winter.  The interior is cozy and dark but I don't think it will be able to hold crowds in the winter months.  On the plus side...they have $1.75 Old Style Drafts (rock on!), the beer garden really is monstrous and a nice place to hang out, and I've never had bad service from the staff.  Keep it up Piglet...I'll be back to see you next time I'm in town!
3	I don't drink beer.I know.I enjoy a good hard cider, or a mixed drink, or perhaps a frou-frou now and again. I was excited to see that The Blind Pig is brewing their own cider, but bummed that it isn't being sold yet. I (tried) to settle for Woodchuck Amber, but they were out--must have been popular, cause the guy two stools down had one, and the girl after me asked for one! I then had to double settle for the Woodchuck Pear, which actually ended up better than I remember. It was crazy, back to back(or worse, front to front) packed, so we retreated to the patio, which is lovely. Thank goodness it was actually a decent night for November!
3	The home-brewed beers first became available this week and we enjoyed 4 on the first day.  But by Thursday and again on Friday they only had two home brewed, one of which was the cider.  So, a little disappointing that they ran out of home brewed so soon after they first became available.  That having been said, the decor is nice and feels warm, and the sound is muffled enough that you can have a conversation without resorting to shouting.The beer selection is good.  The wine offerings on the other hand are proudly displayed to be "Black Box" box wines, which I have never seen in any bar...Its not that box wine is bad, it just was so strange.My last complaint, and this probably cost them a star is that they offer almost nothing to eat.  Planters peanuts in a pouch and tiny sample bags of pretzels are the total menu.  Maybe one or two other non-perishable bar snacks would keep folks from feeling the need to leave to get dinner.Can someone get this bar a Slim Jim or a pink hard boiled egg?
3	The Blind Pig Brewery aka Piglet is a nice place.  I was able to try some of their brews and they are pretty good.  I really like coming here in the warmer climate times because of the outdoor seating.  The place is crowded every time I have gone in the winter.  I like going here to try out a great new brew, but only if it is warm out because space is limited in winter.
4	The Blind Pig Brewery has become my favorite bar since moving back to Champaign from Ann Arbor. I like it a bit better than the original Blind Pig because it's a long, narrow space. This can work against it because it fills up easy, and it's not conducive to a group bigger than four people until the patio opens up. Still though, I like feeling cozy with my fellow bargoers. The decor and atmosphere are great. The beer list is good too; mostly bottles. It's the place to go to support your Michigan breweries! If only they'd order some Shorts. Their own craft brews have generally been okay, but supply does seem to run out quickly. This isn't really an issue for me since there's plenty of other beers on the menu I've never tried, but if you're coming specifically to try some local beer you might go home disappointed.The one other knock is that it can be hard to get served when it's busy (just like 90% of other bard, I suppose). The narrow physical space of the bar means that traversing it is difficult when there's more than a couple people waiting to order.All in all, though, definitely worth the modest prices. Great place to either sit inside or out back with the beautiful City Building in view.
4	The Piglet is my go-to bar. It has great ambiance and provides an intimate bar setting with no frills or distractions other than a great selection. The best and worst part about this place is its narrow corridor shape and limited tables, small and narrow, intimate and personal and yet tends to get crowded and impenetrable during prime weekend hours.They have seasonal micro-brews that cater to most palates. I recommend the Wietbier and Hard Cider, both out during the spring and summer season. They also have a wide mix of bottles and ever-changing draft selection, along with the four or five micro-brews to go along with the full bar. There prices are reasonable for the area. The micro-brews typically run between four to six dollars. The only downside to the menu is the complete lack of food: no appetizers or peanuts here.This is a simple but fun bar and is especially good for afternoon get-togethers or cocktail hours in the early weekday afternoons. Something is always on special. Because they are in downtown Champaign, the management keeps a close eye on the clientele to be sure no underclassmen filter through. This is also a great place to start an evening on the town, too.
4	I really like this place. The bartender was really friendly and since it wasn't too busy when i was in took the time to talk to me about different stuff to do in Champaign since i had just moved here. I really appreciated that!When I went in there was only one microbrew left of the four (I think there are four) but it was actually really good. I was disappointed that I couldn't try any of the others, though. It seems like they need to readjust their brewing schedule/amount or something because it seems like they're running out of their brews really fast!Next time I go I'm going to check out the outdoor patio area because it looks so lovely and perfect for a nice summer's evening.
5	There are two kinds of bars: ones that serve food in order to compensate for the lower quality of their beer and ones whose beer is so damned amazing that food is something you should've thought of beforehand. The Blind Pig Brewery is definitely of the latter type. There are 3 distinctions between the Brewery, which my friends and I refer to as "the Piglet" in reference to its smaller size and the original Blind Pig: 1. The wide availability of outdoor seating makes the Brewery better than the Pig for people who enjoy fresh air over enclosed caverns of noisy stuffiness. 2. Beer Club Mondays have a $1 off bottled beers which allows others to experience an incredibly wide array of European and specialized microbrews. Also its fun to attempt to conquer the long list of beers. 3. Trivia on Sundays. I love beer and places like the Brewery and the original Blind Pig convinced me that my move to Champaign for education hadn't abandoned my tastebuds completely. If like good foodstuffs, this place is one that won't disappoint you at all.
4	i went to IU for undergrad and heard about how great the UIUC bars were. the first bar i went to was on campus and smelled like 3-day old vomit. my friend brought me to the blind pig and it immediately changed my views on the bars in champaign. great place to hang out.
4	The Piglet is a nice intimate bar with a great bar and some amazing craft brews. Although it can get very crowded the clientele is grad student and late 20's so no worries about loud drunks. A great place to go when you just want to unwind and relax.
4	Beer is ok. Like the outdoor seating. But I prefer the Original Pig.
4	Positives: Very good beer selection. They rotate taps often. Cool patio out back.Negatives: Their own beer is generally terrible. Seating situation inside is poorly designed: a small corridor is filled with awkwardly placed round tables. Note: check prices. If you look carefully you can find some very good deals on larger bottles.
4	The Blind Pig has a pretty good beer selection.  I tried their Apricot wheat and it was very tasty.  The Blind Pig is a good place to go if you're trying to stay away from the college crowd.  They have a nice outdoor seating area as well.  My only small complaint was that they ran out of toliet paper in the women's bathroom.  I used the unisex bathroom and the lock appeared to be having some trouble locking.  Even though I locked it some drunk woman was able to power through the lock and nearly walk in on me.
5	I love the Brewery (Piglet?).  It has become my new go-to bar for when I want to have good beer, overtaking its older brother in my esteem.  While the Pig is now crowded and full of people asking for Busch Lite, the Brewery is comfortable and usually has available seating.During the summer, this place can't be beat: a huge amount of comfortable outdoor seating, and excellent service always.  In addition, their beers are generally good, with a few (I remember a certain honey cider with "50 pounds of honey") being FANTASTIC.  Mug night is also a deal, and you won't get quality at that price ($2 off each beer) anywhere else.
5	I love this place!They always have freshly brewed beer on tap, and if you are in the mood for something else, just get a bottle of something, there is a huge list of bottled beer.I have never had any problems with the bartenders, they are always quick and courteous.The only problem you might ever have here is finding a seat.  It is so popular that they sometimes fill up all of the inside and outside (even when it is freezing outside).
5	First of all- this place has two beers from Stone Brewing Co,.......ON TAP.I take it that Champaign is a drinkin' town, but this is a phenomena universally considered as kick-@ss anywhere within the known galaxy.Also- the 'Pig is gritty, dark, and distressed inside, as any good watering hole should be. But like it's booze selection- is not without a bit of distinction. It's a labrynth of cathedral arches and dark recesses. The only thing missing is a dirt floor. It's crazy like that.
3	Long story short: if you are going to label yourself a 'brewery' and offer a really good selection of beer (they do), then OWN it.  My guess is that the owner/manager/shot caller knows and loves their beer (me too!).  However, I think that  If he/she went into his/her own bar as a paying customer, they'd find their staff cannot execute on that vision at all.  I won't go into the details, but their staff treated me like a transient when I asked to "taste" one of the beers on tap.  I was first taken aback (it was like the guy had never heard of that), then insulted, then embarrassed...for him!  He pretty much refused me and it wasn't like I wasn't spending money.  It wasn't like I was sitting there ordering Busch Lite all night and then suddenly wanted just a little freebie of the good stuff for chrissake!  Still, they have good beer, the concept is great and the atmosphere (kind of low-key dive-ish) is good, so despite the staff; 3 stars.
5	Trivia night!  The best!!
3	Very friendly, but doesn't have as much character as the Pig.  I tried two of the in-house beers, the Cherry Milk Stout (delicious) and the Red Rye Ale (disgusting).
5	I'm a pretty picky person and not really a beer connoisseur so I don't usually like to try different kinds and just stick to my bud light. My friend and I happened in here one night when our usual bar was WAY to loud (stupid salsa night). The bartender let me try several of the on tap beers and I found one I liked. We LOVED the atmosphere and the music was fantastic. We started to frequent this bar every week and have never had a bad experience and I am now on my way to trying new beers. I also enjoy that they change the draft beers often. Mug night (Tue, Wed) is defiantly a night to visit.
4	For beer connoisseurs, this is the place to go to. Every week they have different beers and usually over 20 beers on tap every night. They also have alot of hard to get beers in bottles. Best of all the have a cask beer that they open every friday. I have been to the bar more that 10 times and everytime I come there is a different list to choose from. I do not think I have had the same beer tqice at the bar.The bar looks more like an old fashioned bar without tvs. At night the bar is rather dimly lit, but still a great ambiance. The most surprising thing, is that many of the beers are priced around 4 to 5 dollars which most bars would charge 6 dollars for. Being from CA I am happy to see alot of Stone brewery beers which are extremly tasty. Many of the customers are young people who are in grad school or are working, with the atmosphere really laid back.
1	The first and foremost thing I expect from a place that calls itself a brewery is a broad selection of beer brewed on premises. Sadly, not only is the selection small-- at most four choices, more often only 2 or 3-- but the quality rarely gets above mediocre. More often than not there's at least one beer or cider at any time that is objectively flawed-- murky, smelly, unintentionally sour.The atmosphere is rather dark, dingy, and claustrophobic, consisting of basically one narrow shot through the building. When the place fills up-- and it doesn't take much-- it can be difficult to shoulder past the people standing at the bar.Saving graces are a modest and decent bottle selection as well as several guest taps, and the presence of a nice-sized outdoor seating section that's good for the 7 or 8 months a year it's not too cold, snowy, or rainy outside.Bottom line is that I've been giving this place a chance since shortly after it opened, but sadly it hasn't seemed to come around to be the kind of place that's inviting enough for me to frequent.(From reading other reviews I should also point out that more than a few people are getting the Blind Pig Brewery confused with The Blind Pig Pub. Though owned by the same people they're different places.)
4	It felt like a tavern crossed with a kitschy antique store in here, but maybe that's just me.  I really appreciated that they played music at a level that can coexist with conversation at your table. Great tap selection and decent prices.  It was busy but not packed on the Friday night of our visit, and the setup was just right to play some cards at one of their barside tables.
1	My girlfriend and I always stop in on Monday nights because they have $2 off all bottles. (beer)  That being said, we usually have about 4 or 6 beers in total for around $10. A great deal!  We each have about 3 beers and end up only paying around $10 total. As of this past Monday, we will not be patronizing the Blind Pig any longer. The bartender told us they were completely out of the Weach, which is my favorite. I then ask for the apricot, which they are out of as well...keep in mind, both of these beers run about $1.50 each on Monday nights with the discount.  He then offers up a raspberry beer that he promises will be comparable to the fruit beers that they were out of.  However, the bartender forgets to mention that the beer he suggested, which I've never heard of before was $25 per bottle!!!    How deceptive and shady!  I am clearly a regular there on Monday nights due to the cheap bottle beer...shouldn't you give the customer a "heads up" that the beer you just suggested to them was $25 a bottle?  Shady and very deceptive.  I ended up ordering his suggestion, which I hated and later found out it was $25 a bottle when I went to close my tab. Buyer beware!!!
5	For years, I would see Champaign on the map and would always say "I should go there at some point." A number of my favorite bands are originally from Champaign, and I've known a number of U of I graduates over the years. I finally did a year or so ago right after we moved to Indiana. I was just looking for a day trip and it seemed like a good idea. I hit the Blind Pig when it opened on that Tuesday because they were listed on a site as brewing their own draft beer. Since then, I've come out to Champaign twice more and will be back again, and the Blind Pig has a lot to do with that. This is a great beer bar. In fact, it's become one of my top ten beer bars in the country.One thing that makes it a great beer bar is a great draft list that the staff really gets behind and knows a lot about. It changes regularly, but it's always really interesting and from various places around the country. Last time I was in there, they had a Two Brothers, a Left Hand, a Schlafly and a Stone, and I don't believe I had had any of the particular varieties, even though I'm a regular drinker of all those breweries. They also do their own beer. Sure, it's hit or miss, but they're trying. And you get some really good stuff sometimes. Downside, as mentioned, is that it's really small batch, so you're lucky to find the same house beer on tap for two consecutive weeks. They do reuse recipes though so it may come back.What I really like about the Pig is the vibe. This is very much a locals place. In fact, the first time I heard the word "townie" used non-sarcastically was by a bartender here (it's more of a Midwestern thing, I guess, because I've heard it several times since). But it's a local beer snob place. The regulars here are a little old and drunkenly, but they really care about their beer, which is why they come back. I've always met interesting people here when I've come.But the main reason I come back: mug club. For $5 you can buy a Blind Pig mug, which you can choose to leave there or take home. And that mug gets you $2 off all drafts on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. As a result, I've always gotten out of there well toasted for under $20.The interior has old college town bar written all over it (although it's certainly not an undergrad sort of place), and it has a very nice patio in the back. They tend to have good music, but it's at the bartender's whim, so it varies. No food. I've seen it brought in, but I wouldn't try to bring it in myself.I should add, also, that, although I'm not really a liquor drinker, they seem to have a very good liquor selection. This is one of the few places I've seen Johnny Walker Blue Label.
5	Delicious beers (and cider!) My first experience here was after the reception of two of my friends' wedding in 2010. It's a staple of C-U. I've always liked it because of the low-key, relaxed atmosphere (most of the time). It's a great reprieve from the usual under-21 rowdy crowds on Green street.A good place to relax with old friends with a tasty brew.
5	One of my all time favorite breweries.  If you like the original Blind Pig, then you will no doubt love this place. It looks the same, and has the same wood work as the original. With an old barn look and lots of dark wood. The wood is taken from a 200 year old barn and antique tables. A relatively small and centrally located bar in front of the taps, the bar back is over 150 years old as well. The area has a couple of tables out front, and a great beer garden out back. Character oozes out of every wood poor here. Really laid back and relaxing. The service is good. The bar tenders know their stuff, and are usually quick.  Sometimes it takes a little to get noticed.The house beers are great. Usually 3-4. There was a Winter Warmer, a Belgian Dark, and an IPA the first time I visited. The house beers are constantly rotating, and they are always something interesting and unique (A Peach Wit, Dry Hopped Pale, Cherry Stout, Barleywines). They also have about 15 taps of other good micros and imports that rotates regularly as well. There is always something different to try. There are a ton of bottles as well. The quality is always exceptional, just fresh as can be.You can't beat a quality brewpub, and this one is excellent. Very fresh and always enjoyable. It is about time there was a good brewpub in Champaign. Really, one of my favorite brewpubs I have been to. I can't recommend this place enough.
4	I had a really great time on the "mug night" that I visited a few times. This place has a great outdoor area where I could spend hours. Great selection, a chill crowd later in the night, and very friendly bartenders. Would definitely return if in the area again.
4	The Blind Pig - and now their brewery - are really probably the only places you should go to if you're an adult (or grad student) and find yourself at UIUC. I've been impressed with downtown Champaign on a couple of recent visits and glad to see it growing.This nano-brewer's output is small enough that they don't yet offer growlers to go. Bit of a bummer, but understandable. I got a sampler with 3 of their beers - good sized pours (see the pic) and cheap too. Nice breadth of styles and flavors. This isn't going to be the next [insertcurrentlytrendybrewer] but then again, I don't think that's the goal. I get the feeling they want to make good beer, local beer, something that satisfies and share it at a price we all can afford. They've exceeded at each of those. Head out on a nice night and hang out in the beer garden and if I'm lucky enough, I'll see you there.
4	Solid place.  Good beer selection and a small brewery allows for some in-house beers that aren't bad on their own.  I'll stop by next time i'm in town.
2	They don't have very many beers on tap (4 Blind Pig beers and a couple others). There is no table service and attempting to order, when crushed between people at the bar, is awkward. The atmosphere is dark and pub-like but nothing special. The crowd is a mix of wanna be hipsters and dudes in wool sweaters with beards. If you are looking to meet guys who play video games in their mother's basement then this is the place for you.  I wouldn't come back here on purpose.
5	Great service, and always a few house brews on tap.  The crowd definitely skews to grad students/other people in their late 20s.  About 12 beers on tap and a large selection of bottles.  Cramped inside, especially on busier nights, but in the summer you have the tables out back to enjoy.  For the quality of beer you get the prices are pretty good, but it's not like you'll find $5 pitchers of PBR.  Also no TVs (but usually some good music).
4	The Atmosphere - 5 stars. I love hanging out at the Piglet, whether it be in the snug inside at one of the small wooden tables, or especially the fantastic patio in the alley out back. The ambience is great outdoors with strings of lights hanging and a small water fountain, and its a great place to come read or catch up with friends.The Guest Taps - 5 stars. Though only 12ish taps are available, I always find two or three beers that I can't wait to try, and the rotating nature of the taps keeps everything fresh!The Blind Pig Beer - 2 stars. I've just never been super impressed with what I've tasted of the beers made at the Piglet; some too thin, some too heavy, some with just a weird funk! Overall - 4 stars. I waffled between 4 or 5 here, my experiences being at the 5 level. But if my review is to encompass the whole place, and the Pig beer is part of that, and I just haven't fallen for it yet!
5	There really isn't much to say to great beer and a decerning  crowd. The beer is a constant conversation piece among all the patrons. Usually 4 or 5 home brewed samples which change on a regular basis. The home brews tangs across the whole gambit of craft brews. The place has no food and no gaming and no entertainment and no scantly clad bartenders although the ladies seem to be here the men out number the ladies. A great place to drink beer and talk about beer. Not a college hangout.
3	The Piglet is a nice little bar in downtown Champaign. While the indoor part of the bar is very crowded (and there are places that are just as dark as it's big brother on Walnut), the outdoor garden is quite fantastic. Plus, I'm a big fan of all the brewing equipment in the windows. Otherwise, there's not much to set the Piglet apart from the main brewery. The beer list is okay, but not otherworldly, and the spirits are also pretty limited. A good place if you're into beer, and if it's summertime.
5	I don't have a visit to Champaign without a visit to the Blind Pig for trivia night. They have some pretty interesting things on tap (I regularly go with folks who home-brew and know what they are talking about). Trivia night is (I think) mostly Sundays and it's a ton of fun. No idea what their food is like, but when I've seen it served it looks pretty good. More of a bar than a restaurant, though. Great service and really fun atmosphere.
5	Best place to get a good variety of beer in town.The beer brewed in house can be hit or miss but I appreciate that kind of experimentation in a brew pub.I also always secretly wished they served food but if they did, I'd probably never leave!
3	A little disappointed with the in house brews. I like to go to breweries for what they brew. There are a lot of beer bars around. Nice little spot, but the one bartender was overwhelmed and service was excruciatingly slow.
3	Very few brews of their own. The night we were there they had one bartender, way too long to wait for a pint. I'm sure it's a favorite of college students, and I can relate because that is their market, but for me it just didn't work.
4	Great draft beers, great prices, great atmosphere! Of note: This pub does not offer food.
4	Cool vibe here, nice beer garden, great selection.  They only had two of their own brews on tap during my visit, the IPA was sold out.  I had their ESB, it was ok, but the guest tap selection was excellent.  Great setting and relaxing.  I actually started at their bar about a block away because I didn't know about the brewery.  All guest taps there and great selection too.  If you're going to choose, go to the brewery, better setting.
4	Went on a Monday night and was really impressed by the specials. The bartender recommended a great beer and I got it for only $1.50! Really laid-back atmosphere, people are nice, kind of quiet (but I did go twice in the day time, so that could be why). Great bar, I'd definitely go back.
