2	The customer service people in this Gap need more training in "customer service"
4	Not sure why it happens that way. The customer services at the infant section are always much nicer than the adult cloth section. Agree with the other review. Their staff need a better customer service training. Their fitting room is very comfortable to me. Very roomy. It's the best GAP store I have visit so far!
5	As for as The Gap goes, this is the best location I've been to by far!  They have all their brands - Baby through Adult, Gap Body, and even a good sized Maternity section! I have not had success finding affordable maternity clothes, but hit the jackpot here.  Sure, the jeans are a little expensive at $70 but there are a lot of great staples and some more dressy items.  They even had a couple maternity workout tops!  On the downside, not a single staff member asked if I needed help the entire 45 minutes I was browsing and trying stuff on and browsing and trying more stuff on.  I didn't mind though, sometimes it's nice to be left alone.Get on their email list for coupons and check this Gap out!
1	When returning a few kids clothes, the rep was smelling the clothes and even though they were far from washed, both of them continued to smell detergent and still saying they were not sure if the smell was of detergent. Anyone can make out a washed shirt easily. Of the 4, 2 even had the sticker on them but these folks tried to impress something else. Be smart and dont try to show it off as it does not help.
3	This place was referred to me by my best friend who told me they were having a sale on dress pants. I decided to go check it out since I needed a pair of black slacks for work and didn't want to spend a fortune. I walked into the store and was not greeted upon entering which actually bothered me because I wanted to be informed about the sales going on. There was no excuse for being ignored since there were no other customers around. I walked around looking for assistance but ended up finding the dress pants before finding anyone to help so I was forced to help myself.  Even though the customer service was not good, I did find a lot of options and took them to the fitting room where again, I was forced to help myself. Even though the experience was terrible, I did end up finding the pants I needed for a decent price.
2	After telling Lisa I had been to 3 gaps looking for a sweater and coming here to get it, I asked her if she had an additional sweatshirt in a medium. In which she replied after helping a phone customer. Yes we have a medium. Ok i say. I didn't see one there. Well its probably sold. Hmmm wha? After using my gap sense from being a frequent shopper I looked for the proverbial mannequin wearing a medium. There it is i say to another sales associate. Can I get that one? Sure. Thanks. Lisa needs more gap sense. And better customer service skills.
5	Cute store, good customer service, and they have a maternity section! It may be kinda small (it's sandwiched between baby and kids) but it's bigger than the maternity section at H&M or Macy's in the same mall, and they have a good selection of inexpensive maternity jeans, tops, and dresses.Thank heavens there's a place for me to get preggo clothes that fit properly and are well made. I mean, just because I'm knocked up doesn't mean I want to wear pants in size small, medium, or large! So glad to be able to try on (and buy) jeans that fit and come in numbered sizes and several lengths.
5	Love love love shopping here everyone's so helpful and sweet I recommend this location to everyone!! Customer service is awesome every time I go in
4	I'm upping my review because the last one was probably just a bad day! Still love their quality and softness for babies. Wish they carried that through to big kids. But for the most part. Clothes that last and never go out of style.
