4	I have to disagree with the first Chin's review - I like this place quite a bit.  In fact, whenever I'm back in Madison I usually find myself at Chin's for lunch.  I almost always order the spicy-sweet Sesame Chicken with brown rice and their cream cheese wontons.  I've had other dishes as well, though - all their stir-frys are really tasty.  It's cheap, it's quick (an order & pay at the counter & they bring it to you kind of place), it's good.  Bonus for the building housing the restaurant - an old warehouse-type space with exposed brick and a great upstairs seating section looking out over all the eclectic people wandering down State Street.
3	I like Chin's.  It's fresh-tasting with good, veggie-filled vegetarian options in a city where good Chinese food is hard to find.  It's also a pretty comfy place to meet friends for a cheap lunch or dinner.
1	I don't mind a place that serves Americanized Chinese food, but Chin's Asia Fresh scares me. The awning is pretentious enough as is with the Chinese characters and I'll forgive the awful pun catchphrase, but I won't forgive the food.I'm going in there and I order brocolli with chicken and I get overcooked rice with this brown sauce that tastes like someone poured 10 cups of sugar. The brocolli is either raw or just severely undercooked. Now, I understand that Americanized Chinese food has the whole ketchup and sugar thing going on, but seriously, that place had a sauce that had the consistency of and tasted like maple syrup. On top of that, the food was overpriced -- $7 for a bowl of food with portions smaller than a coke can. A severe rip off!I really don't understand the appeal of this place, but whatever floats anyone's boat. If you're seriously digging the whole Americanized Chinese food thing, you're better off heading to Asian Kitchen or A8 instead; at least the food is properly cooked and the prices are more reasonable.
1	Asian fare is all about the sauces and the fresh veggies and meat in my opinion. Chin's fails in all three areas. I guess I learned my first Midwest lesson: when in Wisconsin, eat as the Wisconsinites do!!!
4	Come for lunch while window/regular shopping on State St.  Crossing the street from Art Gecko to grab a bite as I didn't feel like cooking at home I get an order of spring rolls, chicken teriyaki and a juice.It's Simple. It's Amer-"asian" food.  We all know it's not authentic.  You're not crossing the Great Wall after battle for a great meal.  It's a good filling meal when you've been walking around for a couple hours and want to sit inside (upstairs when available/open) and chow down with a great view of State St.
4	Wow.  Chin's is getting some pretty lousy reviews.  I happen to like it a lot here, and after about three years, it's the only place on state street that I consistently enjoy eating at.  I only order the terayki udon noodles.  I just think the place is great.  Fast food noodle bowls, consistent quality, pretty clean and fresh, tasty, and pretty darn cheap at 6 dollars for a very filling portion.  Sure, it's a little bland, but not nearly as bland as I'd expect.  Besides, I douse everything in mustard and chili sauce.
4	This was one of the only Chinese, or faux-chinese, restaurants I found in Madison where I could have a great meal and afterwards not feel like the MSG was going to end me. The food is definitely fresh, or far, far fresher than most other Chinese places - yummy buffet, anyone?I understand why other reviewers would dislike it. It's Americanized, and they don't pretend to be otherwise - get over it!This place is great for students. The portions are solid, though going daily would be difficult on the wallet. I LOVE the sesame chicken, though it's a bit spicy for my tastes. I want it to come to Chicago so badly, but the competition might stave it for now.
2	I ordered the Pad Thai with chicken.  It didn't taste like pad thai... I think it was missing the tamarind juice that gives it its tanginess.  The chicken tasted like it was previously cooked or just not good quality chicken.  The noodles were just drenched in soy sauce or something like it.  Fresh veggies were, however, the only thing pleasant about the big bowl of noodles.
3	Even though Chin's was relatively inexpensive and decent, I wouldn't go there for good Chinese food. It was the 'noodles and company' of Chinese, very Americanized. It is a good place for college kids, like myself, to go and eat, hang out, but definitely not the best i've ever had.
2	pad thai = chow mein, the chicken dishes are bland. If you're going to get something get the stir fries.
3	I'm giving Chin's the A-OK rating because it is just that.  It wasn't great, and it wasn't terrible.  I had some kind of tofu vegetable noodle dish though I can't remember exactly which one.The noodles I had were well flavored with a good consistency.  The vegetables were OK.  A-OK?  Not entirely, as some of them I found downright inedible.  I don't know if they weren't cooked long enough or if it was simply a part of the of the vegetable that shouldn't be consumed.  Like a tough, fibrous stalk.  They violated my rule about food, which is that if I can't chew it I don't eat it.On the other hand it was pretty cheap and pretty fast.  Sure it could have been better, but at that price point it's hard to be outraged.
2	There is only one reason to bother coming to Chin's: the cream cheese puffs.If you get anything else, you're wasting your money. I'm not saying this because "It's not authentic Asian!"--I'm saying this because the flavors are generally bland, the food is generally overcooked (or has been every time I've been here), and the food tastes real bland and repetitive after the third bite.Otherwise, as others have mentioned, you can get better American-Chinese elsewhere and for cheaper. But if you want the real-deal kind of Asian food, Fugu is the one. Normally, I wouldn't suggest going to other places, but Chin's is such a rip-off compared to other places.However, I will say this: Chin's has a very neat ambiance and the setting itself is much nicer than any of the other Asian food places on or near State St.
1	Seems to have gone downhill -- I was there in 2010 and had a decent cashew chicken, but this last time was bad. The rice was blander than minute rice I make at home (and I'm very bad at making rice!). Service was rough and slow for the product. The chicken was OK but no better than cafeteria or Asian restaurants that don't claim to be "fresh". Very disappointing, the concept could be an Eastern version of Noodles and Company.
3	8 years ago this place would've gotten 5stars and then some, but oh how the mighty have fallen.Gone are the pretty boxes, the fresh interior, the ever-refreshing menu, the custom-printed hilarious fortune cookies. And here to stay are boring take-out boxes, a worn restaurant with a many-times-amended menu, and no more fun cookies.I still love Chin's. Nearly every time I've come back to the US in the past few years I've made a point of getting some 10 Ingredient Fried Rice and Cream Cheese Puffs for lunch one day. But it all used to be a lot better. Still. It's tasty and the people there are always nice. Chin up, Chin's!
4	The one on state street closed.  I was very disappointed.  If you like peanut sauces or pad thai, the Thai Peanut Lo Mien, add chicken, is awesome. I eat this all the time.  I have tried my friends lemon chicken which was also very good.
