4	My brother lived here for about nine years. He got married in 2011 and then moved to another state. He was always happy while living there. He loved all the trees at Coral Point Apartments, especially the pines. The grounds were well-kept, and maintenance requests were taken care of very quickly. The office staff was always friendly. My brother and I both love taking photos, and I took a lot during my many visits over the years. I included some of them to give a good idea of what Coral Point is like. If I should ever need to go back to apartment living, I would make CPA a top choice for where I would go.
2	I lived there for 7 months and couldn't wait for my lease to end. The front staff is rude, unprofessional, and does not follow through on requests. Every time I needed something done for maintenance it took at least three calls. My master bedroom flooded within my first week and took another week before someone showed up to look at it. The water heater was also hooked up wrong so the shower got cold water when hot was on and vice versa. There fix was just to rotate the facet and deal with it. My front porch light went out my second month. I told security, from desk, and maintenance and the light was still out when I moved out. Overall the apartment was liveable but the walls are thin so hope for good neighbors and there is a very noisy train that goes by multiple times a day and in the middle of the night. Just know that staff is useless except for one really nice maintenance worker.
2	Aside from being in an undesirable part of town, the office staff litigious and completely unwilling to work with residents on anything with a price tag on it.  For instance, I was fined for "emergency maintenance service" without this price ever being stipulated in the lease, or informed at the point of sale that this service would cost money.  After disputing the claim, the staff called my issue "silly" and told me I would get further fines if I did not pay immediately, without addressing the logic of my claim.  Furthermore, the grounds staff come in with their leaf-blowers and edgers just about every weekday, at 7:30, which is far more frequent than necessary.  Do not live here if you work a late shift - you will hate your life.
