5	I've been taking my Jeep here for service for a couple years.  Great customer service, reasonable rates, and easy to speak with about what needs done.
5	I cannot say enough great things about Inmans!!!  Jay and Jeff are always super helpful and patient with me.  I am a girl and I know nothing about cars.  I just want my car to work well and Inmans takes care of me every time.  They will pick you up and drop you off, which is heavensent amidst the whole inconvenient car trouble times in your life.  Their lobby is clean and spacious.  Their bathroom is girl friendly.  Yes, these are things I take into consideration with a mechanic!  Their prices may be a little higher than your greasy, dirty, scary joint on the corner....but I would pay a few more bucks for Inmans service any day!
5	These guys are amazing. Very knowledgeable, incredibly honest and very much focused on treating the customer right for longterm relationships. Say hello to J and Jeff, they will take great care of you.
5	I took my 4runner into Inman per recommendation to make sure it was safe enough to get my girlfriend and I to Zion National Park.  Jeff took a look and the prognosis was not good, however accurate.  I was straightforward about how much $ I had to work with and in turn, Jeff worked with me.  I appreciate the fact that Inman helps take the stress off of an already stressful situation.  Opposed to the many pseudo-mechanics which flood the market and prey on the uninitiated, Inman legitimately wants to help.  I would recommend Inman to anyone.
5	I went here on the strength of a friend's recommendation and, boy, am I glad I did!  I walked in and announced, "I have a 13 year old Toyota with 150,000 miles on it and, given all that, I hear that it might need new hoses and belts."  Many mechanics would take one look at me, take one look at my car, and see money signs.  Not at Inman's!  They did a FREE inspection and then had a frank discussion with me about when to get the belt and hose maintenance work done.  And the price they quoted was several hundred dollars cheaper than the price quoted by the one other mechanic that I talked with (by telephone).  Inman's certainly earned my respect today and they will earn my dollars in the future.
1	I went to this shop based on the high ratings. 12 days later, 2 loaner cars, $1200, many excuses, a second opinion that found the problem in minutes, and 3 chances later, the issue of new front struts and squeaking and rocking upon braking persist. The car has not felt remotely right since it was in their hands. Will go to second opinion Tobias in Cave Creek next time. They seem far more on top of things.
5	After having a stressful morning with the serpentine belt snapping on my Jeep, going to Inman & Sons made everything better! They were very friendly and honest. The belt was $120 installed which Power Jeep quoted me $210. I chose to go here after reading reviews on Yelp and am sure glad I did. I will be going to Inman from here on out!
5	UPDATE:  Sooooo... the timing belt that Inman & Sons told me I should probably replace whenever I had the spare money finally gave out.  All I knew was that my car was making scary loud noises, so I drove it to the closest reputable mechanic to my work (Virginia Auto).  After explaining to the very nice person at Virginia Auto that I have been working three jobs to save up for some international travel and had NO spare cash, I left my car in their hands and crossed my fingers.  They called hours later and delivered the blow:  a $1,600 repair.  It occurred to me then to run the quote past my old pals at Inman & Sons, so I gave Jeff a call, sent him the estimate, and we were able to work out a solution for less than $700.  No joke.  Going to Inman & Sons saved me $700 (I still had to pay a $200 diagnostic fee to Virginia).I literally hugged Jeff when I picked up my car.The rest of the story:  They had the repair done in hours, offered me rides both ways, and took the time to walk me through exactly which parts needed to be replaced and why.  They even showed me the parts they took off the car.  Seriously, these people are heaven-sent.  So lucky to have found them.
5	I have used these guys for years on 4 different auto's and found them to be reliable and trustworthy.  Not much more to be said.  Since car's can't talk and most drivers identify symptoms by sounds and driving intuition, mechanics are not perfect.  The question is "are they smart, hones and reliable" and this shop I give my trust to.
5	These guys are "as good as it gets."  Super friendly, reliable, good pricing, and great service.
5	This is THE place to go for any auto repair needs.  Jeff and his crew did some work on my Jeep and I couldn't be happier.  They're very friendly and knowledgeable.  I had a bad experience with a shop in Mesa who pretty much took me for a ride.  While Inman & Sons is a bit out of my way from east Mesa, the trip is worth it for quality service like this.  All my vehicles now go to Inman & Sons.  I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone.
