5	We dined here while visiting friends who live at Encanterra. I'm told the restaurant is open to the public. It is outstanding. Excellent menu (Salmon is quite tasty), wine list and deserts. And superb and friendly service. It is a very well managed establishment.  You can eat inside or outside. The bar is also a great place to enjoy a drink and the outdoor patio sitting offers a fabulous view of the golf course and distant San Tan mountains. I will return.
1	Food was not prepared properly, te server had no clue of the menu or the wine selection. We spent over $250 at lunch for 4 people at the good life concert, we stopped back in after the event only to be shunned away at the bar because we were not members. Our money was good enough 2 hours earlier but not then? They will not hesitate to treat you like white trash, steer clear of this dump. Nothing but pompous Hippocrates.
1	I have never been treated so poorly in my life. We sat at the table for 20Minutes before acknowledged. Finally got to order happy hour drinks. Had to almost BEG to get service. My food was horrible. My steak was well when I asked for medium. Other people in the party got meatloaf and that was excellent. A delicious warm butter cake was provided by the chef to compensate for my food. I asked for water and finally got a glass, but no one else at the table did.  I had to ask three times for wine and water and everything was very slow. The last time I asked for water, the waitress went to the back bar and was flipping out because the table asked for something after they closed. We were with people who have visited this club almost weekly for months. I will never come back!!!! Certainly not worth the drive, even with the view! Lisa was the most rude server one could have.
5	Always good food & great service!  Always a treat with such a beautiful atmosphere.
5	I took a party of three for dinner on Saturday night, and was so,impressedWith Colton our waiter and the hostess Beth and the great food, thatWe returned today, Sunday May 4 for Brunch. I met the Restaurantmanager who exuded personality and passion over his product. I wouldHighly recommend this restaurant to anyone who has class, great tasteAnd not the typical fast foodie I. queen Creek.  I did not think thatqueen Creek area even had a fine dining establishment. If you callSan Tan Flats, Denny's, Firehouse subs and even the Olive GardenFood, I feel for you!    you must experience this place if you are aTrue foodie. we live in Chicago and have our second home here,andWe're starting to freak out that a truly great Restaraunt like  age 1528Did not exist.
5	One of my favorite places, a great lunch menu, great service,  and I highly recommend the chicken oscar for dinner.  One of my favorite meals I've ever had.
5	Great food ,, big portion , fast and friendly service prices are great , love the golf course view as your eating ..
