4	Let's see... I need a birthday card, some Beanie Babies, a bumper sticker, a bouquet of flowers, some balloons and a keychain that turns into a flyable kite. You'll find all these items... and many you've never even imagined existed at the Green Woodpecker. This store is crammed to the gills with... "stuff". T-shirts, board games, gigantic Pez dispensers. I can't even begin to list the assortment of strange accoutrement you'll find at this little shop. It's the place you need to go to find the gift for that person that has it all. You can even pick up a candy bar, a bag of chips or other assorted snacks if you have a case of the munchies. The Green Woodpecker will also deliver flower arrangements for those extra special occasions. A fun little shop to browse, even if you don't need to buy Magnetic Cat Poetry or a gun that catapults miniature plastic ninjas. One thing to keep in mind: The minimum purchase amount if you are using a credit card is $5.00 but if you have a penchant for the unusual, that shouldn't be a problem.
4	I can only start by agreeing with the other reviews that have been written before me.  Because oh yes, they are SO right.  And this place is so funky that one review just can't do it.  I used to work in the Park Central Mall that this is in (Yes, it's less mall than office space now days...) and I was a regular visitor.  Since then I've only been a few times when I happened to be at Starbucks and suddenly realized I needed a card, balloon or decorative figurine.  While I worked there though - this was Walgreen's, Target and Circle K all rolled up into one.  Mass produced sandwiches and soda in the back helped even more as you could really make just one stop on a lunch hour.  Especially when someone forgot an office birthday!  Fresh flowers were always a great way to look like we really cared.
5	Great to run to for your gift giving needs!  Stocked full of goodies for all, huge card section, flowers, its an iconic place!
1	Do not be fooled by the fact that they have the same location and phone number as the previous florist at this location. (Green Wood Pecker was awesome. I live out of town now and they were my go to for local delivery) Called Floral Fantasy directly, twice to ensure next day delivery to a funeral. I was made to feel that I was inconveniencing them and was told to order via the website instead. I did this WHILE ON THE PHONE with them as I wanted to be sure delivery would take place when memorial would start at 8:00 am next day. I even put the times, address and phone of the service and church in the special instructions field while ordering on line. I was mortified to hear that no flowers were delivered. Do not go here: http://www.floralfantasy.info/ Waiting to see if the promised refund will materialize.
