5	I just moved downtown and I've been looking for a neighborhood barber shop. I feel like I've found a great one. They gave me an incredibly low priced cut, but it was still one of the better cuts I've had in a long time. They were really friendly dudes who were very attentive and quick while still making you feel welcome. Good conversation, too - which adds to that neighborhood feel. Really nice to see a locally owned shop give such awesome service at an even better price. I'll be going back next time I need a cut and I hope they stay open to serve the community for a long time.
4	Great new spot.  I work downtown.  This place is a nice break on the wallet from all the overpriced barbers in the area.  $12 haircut done right (including a straight razor clean-up)... you can't really ask for more.
4	I took my son in for a haircut- he had so much that needed to be cut away and was need in a new do.  The barber was friendly and understood what style I was looking for and did a very great job with details in the cut.  I came here based on reviews and do agree, (for men) if you're looking for a good cut and in the downtown area, come to this place! :)
5	My husband loved his haircut here and he is not easy to please!  He's always hesitant to try a new place, but we were visiting from out of town and we saw good reviews for this place so we gave it a shot.  Peter did a great job!  Not only did my husband like his haircut, but he had a great time as well. Thanks!
5	My son and I love this place. Always get great service. Won't go anywhere else.
5	I love this place they are very friendly and the guys really take pride in their work. Peter did my hair and beard and he did a fantastic job. If you want a great haircut in a friendly environment chop shop is the place you want to go.
5	I moved to Phoenix a couple of weeks ago and have been looking for a good barber.  Coming from the Marines, and getting a haircut every Sunday at the same place, I'm used to barbers that are good, cheap and quick.  I was surprised at how expensive the barbers are here, I was used to $10-$12, coming here with a considerably lower cost of living and most places I found were charging $15+ I was a little surprised.  They definitely don't get the volume of clients that barbers around Pendleton did, so I guess I can sympathize a little bit.   Got a cut last week from another shop that had good reviews on here and I was not happy at all.  Today, I found AZ Chop Shop on yelp as well (Yelp isn't perfect but it is a great tool, especially when you are in an unfamiliar place) and decided to give them a shot.   Joe cut my hair.  He did a great job, really.  I told him what I wanted (medium skin fade, just trim the top but keep the fade tight), there was no confusion and he went to work.   I was very pleased with results.  And 12$ for a regular haircut (straight razor cleanup included) is more in line with what I am used to paying every week.  I'll be going back as a regular.
5	I usually cut my own hair (I don't have much left!), but sometimes I need a professional to do it right, even it up, and make me look presentable for work.  I live in downtown Phoenix, and pass by the Chop Shop all the time, so I read some reviews here and elsewhere, and went in this afternoon.  The shop was clean and a "Forrest Gump" video was playing (several nice speakers for surround sound).  The guys were bantering back and forth, making a pretty friendly atmosphere. Peter gave me a quick, but meticulous, haircut.  I was in and out, with no fuss.  $12 was quite a bargain.  I'll definitely be returning to the Chop Shop.
5	My son Loves this place! We are from CA but have family in Phoenix we visit often. When we do my son always wants to come here to get his haircut. That says a lot since he's so picky about his hair. The place is nice very welcoming, clean has a very chill vibe to it. The people are super friendly. Especially Peter! My son loves coming to him. This place was recommended by my brother (needless to say he comes here) and we love it. When ever we are out here (once a month) we always come by! Wish they were in CA! Will definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes to go to a barbershop where the prices are great, the service is even better and the cuts are fresh!!!
5	Thanks Yelp for helping me find another home run!  One gentleman's cut & one crew cut for $23, great price!  These were by far the best haircuts that I've paid for in a while, perfectly clean and neat, no crooked lines.  One of the best parts is that the barber shop is located right off the 10 and it makes it so convenient to get in and out for an excellent cut.  Another great feature is the fooseball table, we could have played all day.  I won't go anywhere else now.  A word to the wise: cash only
1	I must first say that I cannot attest to the abilities of the barbers, though I live in the neighborhood and while walking by last night I witnessed the owner and a friend come out of the store and beat a homeless man with a baseball bat.The man, who had apparent mental stability issues, was yelling in front of the store. The two men came out and began an altercation which quickly lead to the use of the baseball bat one of the men were carrying.The men beat this man and stood around joking as he crawled away.We are a community who values individuals from every walk of life.The actions of this business were deplorable, and I felt everyone should know the lack character this place portrayed before they spend their money there.
5	Great local barbershop. The owners are great people that make it a point to get to know their clients. They take their time to give you the best cut possible. No appointments are needed. I will definitely be back!
