4	I'm sooooo glad Einstein Bros finally came to town.  Lox on an everything bagel, really toasty and dark coffee starts my day off right.The staff is getting better by the day.
4	With my modest student budget, I should only be eating those discount $1 bags of bagels from the grocery store...damn you, sweet love affair with Einstein Bagels!This restaurant is within easy walking distance for university students, but also affords (free) parking for customers.  The building is new and the whole interior feels fresh and bright--just want you want when enjoying your breakfast.While I sometimes enjoy a "luxury" bagel (with crunchy cinnamon or other ingredients baked into the batter), I usually stick to more conventional flavors.  I love the selection of "plain" bagel flavors at Einstein: honey whole wheat, sesame, potato, pumpernickle, etc.  The bagels themselves are delicious, but the real silver lining is the schmears (flavored, whipped cream cheeses).  I swear by the honey-flavored schmear, subtly sweet with a sprinkling of almonds.Sometimes I stop in after work to pick up a batch of bagels for breakfast.  By the late afternoon, the display case has often been plucked clean by earlier crowds.  I'm not sure if there are more bagels waiting in back, but if so, I wish they'd keep their front case stocked.
1	Waiter! There are pubes in my fruit cup.Thought the pineapple tasted fishy. No, like actual fucking fish. It tasted like a fish in my mouth. Then I found a pube on my cantaloupe. It's been a rough morning. Needless to say, my therapist is not going to be happy about this.See photos.
3	Been to Einstein's for a breakfast and two lunches. The food was fine for what it is - it's a chain and the food is all commissaried.  Nevertheless, I did enjoy the different sandwich choices on the thin bagel and the fruit is fresh, not frozen.
4	I was introduced to Einstein Bros Bagels from a friend who is in love with this store! And I couldn't agree more! The bagels here are so delicious. They taste freshly baked no matter what time of the day you go in. They offer a variety of breakfast, lunch, and dinner meals and have an array of desserts to choose from. They also have lots of different coffees you can get as well!I would totally recommend this place to all of the bagel lovers out there!
2	Tony B review on 11/27/10 states he had a hair on his fruit.  The EXACT same thing happened to me.  You don't get very much food for the price, but what you get tastes good.  If it was a little cheaper and I had not gotten hairy fruit I might have gone 3 stars on this.  I will go back but this is not one of those places that I would rave about.
1	Einstein Bros is one of the few franchises I respect, so this review is not about the food (although my lox was a bit sparing on the cream cheese); it's about the service.I came here quite cheery on a Saturday morning, and the one taking the orders was in such a vile mood.  I had to repeat my order to her several times because she was mumbling under her breath to repeat my order back to me, all while glaring at me as if to project whatever problems she was having. Fine.  Whatever.  However, even after finishing my meal she continued to be huffy, publicly.  I've never seen such a display before in front of so many customers.Warning to businesses about employee morale.
2	My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out because we had some buy 1 get 1 free coupons for sandwiches and drinks.I had the veg out bagel sandwich; despite disliking anything with sun-dried tomatoes I actually thought it was pretty darn good.  The bagel was untoasted, which was the only thing that I disliked (aside from the small size)--bagels are one of those foods that needs to be heated up...seriously...who eats untoasted bagels?Anyway, it was a pretty good sandwich but way too ridiculously expensive for the tiny size.  Wouldn't have been worth it at all if not for the coupon we had.  $7 for a small bagel with "schmear" (ughhh that word gives me the willies), some sprouts and a few veggies?  Seriously?  My boyfriend ordered a panini, also ridiculously small, with potato salad on the side, for $8.  The potato salad was pretty nasty--he couldn't even finish it.We also had iced coffee, which is probably the only thing I'll get from here in the future.  I dunno, maybe I'll get a bagel or something if I have a coupon but overall I felt like the prices just didn't make sense for the amount of food you get.  You can go to a nice local place and get larger servings of better food for the same price.They do have a parking lot, which is a plus, and the seating and atmosphere is nice.  Probably would be a decent place to grab a coffee and do some homework but I wouldn't really bother with their food.
4	Their salad tastes bad, but pumpkin bagel with schmear is good.
2	well, a little over a year ago i started going to EBB for lox and bagels, and some rich dark coffee.it's been a good run for the most part, the staff know my name, know my order, and get me out the door in 5 minutes or less.  Yet over the past 60 days or so... the amount of lox on my lox and bagel, everything bagel, double toasted has been less and less... it's somewhat startling when you think how much money EBB will save by taking an ounce of lox here and there off of your sandwich multiplied by the number purchased worldwide in 24 hours.  i'm all for conservation but in this case, NIMBY.soooo, i brought it to the attention of the manager today... the ginger one.  and his first response was "Really?"and i thought to myself... no, i'm making this up so you and i can have a conversation, by the way, how's the wife and kids?  Yes, REALLY, otherwise i wouldn't speak up... NITWIT!!!while i'm thinking to myself, the manager says "let me show you something" and quickly exits to the kitchen.at almost the same time the server hands me my bagel. i choose to exit quickly having expressed my concern over the ever diminishing quantity of lox and quality of the lox and bagels being sold.by this time, i've already decided that this is my last visit for awhile, so as i walk out the door, instead of my customary "see you later" i said "GOODBYE"soooo, i get to work, open my lox and bagels... and sonofab*tch... they didn't toast my bagel!!!i'm done with EBB at this location.you can kiss this multiple purchases per week customer goodbye.
5	Great breakfast place. Free wifi, friendly staff, very clean. Tasty coffee.
4	I have always liked Einstein Bros Bagels; their "Veg Out" bagel sandwich is one of my favorite vegetarian sandwiches and their bagels are always delicious.  I have gone to this Einstein location twice early in the morning to get a baker's dozen and two "Joe to Go" coffee containers to provide breakfast at a presentation.  Both times I did not call ahead of time but each time the staff was quick, helpful, and kind.  I was worried they would have trouble accommodating my order since I basically walked in the door without notice but they had no issues.  They provide creamer, sweeteners, stirrers, coffee cups, and knives for the cream cheese.  They have a great system so that everything is organized and you have everything you need.  I also appreciated that they helped me bring the bagels and coffee out to my car.  The only downside is that the bakers dozen, two containers of cream cheese, and two big things of coffee (one regular and one decaf) came to $50 which is not cheap.  However, they have great quality food and coffee and when you think about all the extras they throw in, it is actually a pretty reasonable price.  I would recommend going to Einstein for anyone who needs a last minute spread for a conference or presentation!
3	This place is fairly expensive as all their items cost +$8.00. The price is high because they take away the element of choice by forcing you to buy a side with every order. That amount of money should be the normal amount for a meal so the drinks have to be bought separately. With that said, their food is of high quantity in comparison to many other restaurant establishments. Out of the myriad of panini places I've eaten at, this is one of the few places where the panini actually makes me full. It's just a darn shame that quality was most definitely sacrificed for quantity.
4	This location is convenient for lunch and I've always had a pleasant experience. The workers are friendly and efficient, prices are what you'd expect. The bagels.... SO GOOD! I haven't tried a schmear I didn't like...but I can tell you the jalapeno salsa is amazeballs. Especially on the green chile bagel. Holy hotness! Love it! They also have iced coffee priced less than their competitors and I love the vanilla hazelnut! If you come for lunch, you can add a side of cream cheese and change the bread/bagel your sandwich comes on at no charge which is a huge perk.
5	Very good bagels.  Tasty too. Everyone provides great customer service.  I have eaten or picked up for a supply of bagels at home. Always good
