5	Chan is excellent. Best gel nails I've ever had. Great selection to choose from. Beautiful decor for a relaxing experience.
4	Jen is my favorite!  Love the fact this place has no television!  I always hate leaving because I am so relaxed.  They have waxing and eyelash extensions.  I believe they offer a $50 discount on the eyelashes on Mon, Tues, and Wed.
1	I have been to this place a number of times, it used to be called Ballantyne Nail Spa. Based on my experience Sunday I would have to say the service changed with the name and not for the better. I asked for a gel color change for my hands and a polish change for my toes. I believe the woman that did my nails is married to the man that owns the establishment so she is part owner. I had red nail polish on my toes and I was going to a neutral color. When she finished painting my toes and I was looking at her work I noticed that she didn't completely paint my little toe and I could still see red nail polish. I brought it to her attention and she tried to tell me it was because of "my cuticle" meanwhile she puts nail polish remover on a cotton ball and I can see red nail polish on it. She proceeded to use a nail file and hit the toe right next to it. I didn't say anything and when she was looking at her work I guess she realized I would notice that the toe was messed up and started to remove the nail polish off of that toe so she could redo it. At the same time she is removing the nail polish she tells me that I need to keep my toes separated as if I caused  the nail polish to get messed up. I said "No, you hit that toe with the nail file. She did my finger nails and needless to say they were a mess. I didn't complain about them because I was so frustrated and I just wanted to get out of there. She asked me if I wanted to pay before she started my nails I told her no because I planned to use the foot dryer when she got done with my finger nails. She said I wouldn't need to, I politely said no, I would like to because for some reason it takes along time for my nails to dry and I didn't want them to get messed up. She immediately started speaking in her language I knew she was talking about me because her husband immediately glanced over at me. I said "I'm sorry is there a problem with me using the foot dryer" she never said a word her husband actually responded and said "absolutely not". It amazes me the lack of respect that some people have as if because you are an American you are supposed to be stupid. I may not have known exactly what she said but I'm smart enough to know when I'm being talked about to my face. So inappropriate and rude.....They will never get my business again. What is with always thinking you are right and are infallible anyways???? They will never get my business again! I wish I could say that in several languages
5	Best Gel Manicure in Charlotte!!!!! I have tried them all and Chan at Bonjour is simply the best!!!!! The salon is very clean and relaxing. They always offer you wine, soda or water. It is truly a fabulous nail salon and I am picky! Try it, you won't be disappointed.
