5	Nice office, nice staff!
5	Two of my girls have been seen at this office and we absolutely love it! The waiting area is nice with an enclosed area for the kids to watch movies and play while they wait. All of the staff are extremely friendly and Dr. Rezakahn is amazing and you can tell that he really loves what he does. Not only were my girls well taken care of, they actually had fun! So many adults my age have really bad fears about going to the dentist and I think it's because we didn't really have places like this when I was a kid that specifically try to make it a fun experience. I'm bummed that we'll be moving from the area soon and will have to find a new dentist. If we don't find one that we like in our new area, I might even consider bringing them back just for appointments. It's a two hour drive, but it would be well worth it since we would only have to do it every six months or so.
2	Unfortunately my experience was not good.  The front office staff was nice and the waiting room w/ games and a movie was a great diversion while waiting for their appointments.  However I felt like since this was our first experience at this office, the hygienists and Dr. Rezakhan should have spent a little more time warming up to the kids and making them comfortable.  It was more of the get them in, get them out mentality, which I found to be disappointing.  Secondly, my kids have both had excellent dental care in the past and with our first visit to Dr. R - they had an excessive amount of cavities (they had been seen six months earlier by our family dentist out of state with no issues).   I immediately took my kids for a second opinion at a local family dentist and each child had one small cavity....not three or four!!  I would definitely use caution if considering this office, I will not go back again.
5	AMAZING staff!  These folks took my ornery, upset 4 year old at 8:00am and didn't bat an eye when he gave them everything he had.  They were thorough with explaining his treatment plan and being so positive with him even though he was struggling.  I am so grateful for these loving and amazing people!  The office is gorgeous and totally stocked for a child-focused environment.THANK YOU!
4	We experienced a small snafu with the scheduling (actual appt time was different than what was written on my appt card by 30 min), but the office staff were very nice overall and apologetic for the error. The appointment - a cleaning and fluoride treatment - went very quickly and the dentist was very knowledgable, personable and great with my kid. My kid wasn't sitting around, waiting  for the dentist or hygienist at all. We have a clear plan for the future, which is just monitoring the teeth at this point, and I was very satisfied with our visit. More importantly, my child was pleased with the visit. We'll be back in 6 months!
