4	I had a great buying experience here on my search for a new dishwasher. Lots of models to choose from, competitive pricing and friendly customer service.
5	Needed a new washer and stopped by chance at this business before going on to the regulars (Sears, Home Depot, etc.).WOW! Am I ever glad we did!!  Christopher Inman was our salesperson.  He was so knowledgeable about all the different brands, gave us a great deal, and even helped us out with the cost of the Washer Stand when we explained our tight $$ issues.Before signing on the dotted line, we visited Sears & Home Depot.  Not even close.  No one around to help, prices were 15% - 20% higher for EXACT same models.Don't miss this shop for your home appliance needs.
1	Sorry to say "dishonest"  I asked for a dishwasher that actually cleaned and dried without spots.  I did not shop price.  I now have something I might as well throw away.  Spencer's tells me I am wrong, that it works great although they haven't seen my dishes.  Also bought some special soap and have been billed for it.  S[pencer's installers did not have it and did not take any responsibility for providing it...told me to call the store.  I have several times and still am not any closer to being provided with what I was charged for.
5	I Went to another Spencer's store and was not getting the service I was expecting. Spencer's has a terrific reputation for pricing and customer service and my first experience was not going well. In an effort to ensure I was getting the lowest possible price I went to a different store (Tatum). That is when my faith in Spencer's was fully renewed and then some. Our sale person, Tommy was phenomenal. He went above and beyond and worked hard to find us the best prices. He also did a  bunch of research on rebates and found us several, saving us even more money. He did all this because he is a professional, all the time knowing he was not getting any commission because the original salesperson was already on the ticket. I highly recommend you visit the Tatum location and I would also ask for Tommy!
2	I wasn't impressed, went in for a replacement part, the staff was rude, made no attempt to even stand up and talk to me, got someone else that might "know" what I was talking about, he was also rude and wanted to argue with me about the part I needed and how it wasn't used in their system.  Finally gave me the number of the company that makes them so I could get what I needed.  Thankfully I don't buy appliances very often as I don't want to become a regular at this brand.
4	So far, still happy! Having an issue with the dispenser cup not opening and called (602-494-0100 - the number on the Yelp listing is incorrect) for a service appointment. Kurt was able to find my purchase record and scheduled the service call for me -- even though it is through GE and not their own service department (since it's still in the first year). I gave him my availability and he called back in less than an hour to confirm my appointment has been scheduled. Grateful for the help in getting that taken care of and looking forward to getting my dishwasher back in tip top shape!
5	We shopped elsewhere and then discovered Kurt Schmidt at Spencers.  He listened to our needs, directed us to the best options and then put together a fantastic package price (bought used house/needed EVERY appliance replaced for the major remodel). Basically a five figure deal!Although we didn't need everything delivered until Xmas (estimated house completion date) it was expedited due to a broken back accident and my need for home rest. Kurt quickly lined up immediate delivery dates. He made me feel like a good friend, never a salesperson.  Beyond the call of duty and expectations on ALL fronts.It's this kind of flexibility, not just pricing that will make me patronize Spencers for future purchases!
5	My New Year's resolution is to keep up with my Yelp postings, so here goes: Went to this place about 3 months ago after shopping for appliances up and down the "Tatum Corridor", you can visit 5 stores that sell appliances in 2 miles of driving. The store was small on the outside, so I wasn't expecting much, having just left a big mall store at PV Mall. Well, the store is A LOT bigger on the inside than it looks from the street, and they had the LG washer and dryer I was looking for, at a price a couple hundred less than my best price so far, and even lower than online when I was doing my research. Delivery was set up for next day, and went well with no issues. (One note- set up guys did not speak a lot of English) .     About a month later, I got an error message on the dryer. I called LG, and they couldn't send anyone for over a week. I called Spencer's back, asking about what to do next, and a nice guy on the phone said, " Oh we can take care of that",  I hung up and about 2 hours later their service department called me and arranged for service 3 days later. The tech came out and found that my dryer problem was due to lint build-up in the line going to the outside. He cleaned out most of it, showed me how to clean the rest, and I wasn't even charged, even though the problem was with my home not the dryer at all. That made me a very happy customer. I will recommend this store anytime someone needs what they have.
