4	This place can be hit or miss, but when it's a hit, it's usually a home run.  As with any vintage store, you have to go a lot to make sure that you really take advantage of all that they offer- the occasional shopper could have all luck or no luck.  The prices are decent, but not as cheap as somewhere like salvation army- this is actual vintage clothing.  My best find was a beige boucle coat with a fur collar a la Jakie O.  Be sure to check out this place- it's like playing dress-up for adults.
4	This is a place for the highend vintage shopper. Its pretty expensive, but I will say the store is pretty kick ass inside.  If you don't have patients or you're new to driving, do not park in front of their building. The only way to get out is to back up onto central avenue!
4	One of the best vintage/consignment stores around Charlotte. Frequently changing inventory here, so be sure to come often and check out all the new things. It can be pretty pricey but in the end, it's worth it for a good find. If you like this place, you would love Design Archives in Greensboro, NC.
3	This place is the place for classy funk.  The vintage clothes here are funky and retro, but still are something you could wear everyday not just at Halloween.  The selection of boots is pretty impressive too for such a small shop.  I also really liked that they have all kind of retro kitchen ware and collectibles.  I loved the hats and accessories too.  It's just a fun place to check out.
4	Hong Kong Vintage is one of the best vintage shops in the area. It's a little pricey, but you can find some really unique things here. If I had more money, I'd spend more time here.From home furnishings to clothes to knick-knacks that are indescribably cool. All your friends will be jealous.One thing that can be frustrating, which is true of all vintage stores, is if you find something you love and don't pick it up right away. I fell in love with a belt I saw here, and I waited to pick it up until pay day. Alas! It was gone, and there won't be another one. Sigh!
4	Hong Kong Vintage is awesome. Elizabeth, the owner, has a great eye for vintage finds and has packed the store with retro clothes, furniture, dishes and other items. Hong Kong has everything from 80s prom dresses to vintage T-shirts and sweaters and tons of boots and shoes. The store also sells artwork and clothes by Charlotte artists and designers, so it's a good place to get unique local work. Definitely check out the trunk near the front of the store that's filled with $1 items. I bought a cute summer dress there for $1. The elastic was stretched out, so I spent a few more dollars on new elastic and replaced it.
4	Suggestion to budget-conscious hipsters: stop by Boris and Natasha for inspiration, then head down the street to Hong Kong Vintage to capture the funky retro vibe for a fraction of the cost. This little vintage boutique is fun to browse through whether or not you buy anything at all; it's like a little museum of clothing in Plaza-Midwood. Prices are cheap; clothes are sorted and displayed according to garment type and color. Although space is tight, everything is neatly, but snugly, arranged. You'll feel like you just walked in to your mom's, grandmom's and cool aunt's closet. In short- a girl's dream!! If you've actually got the moxy to wear vintage in Bank Town USA, this could be your one-stop shop. For the rest of us, it's a great way to pick up a completely unique accessory or one-of-a-kind find.
4	Now in a new and improved space, this shop has only gotten better with age. It used to be down the road a piece next to Tommy's Pub in a tiny room that Elizabeth (owner, awesome) stuffed with rad, well preserved  old clothes and housewares, a few pieces of furniture. Prices have ALWAYS been low (for vintage, but some of us still prefer thrifting our stuffs) and haven't budged even tho I'm sure they're paying more rent to be in the middle of the Central/Thomas St. shenanigans.  Dresses range in price, but I just picked up an awesome early-80s sundress in perfect condition for $22. Things are very well organized, staff is sweet, there are a few cases of jewelry, and as always, awesome housewares line the walls. Great little vintage shop.
5	Pretty good vintage store with great prices.  I'm not a fan of vintage clothing myself, but my fiancee absolutely loves it and she had a ball shopping here.They've got a combination of actual vintage items and vintage-style items, but once again the one thing I noticed was the big selection of items plus the pricing; vintage stores in Atlanta or pretty much anywhere else will drain your wallet more than designer clothes.  Not here.It's in a pretty cool little neighborhood with a couple of other shops, but this one is far and away the best.  If you're in or around Charlotte and want to get some vintage pieces, check it out - you won't be disappointed.
4	I went in here to find costumes for a play that my school is putting on, and walked out knowing I needed to come back. The 10 minutes I stayed ther, I managed to fall in love with the boot collection and the really cool blouses they had. Looked like they had moderate prices, but I have to remember that it is a vintage store instead of a thrift store. Check it out.
4	This vintage store is well organized and nicely decorated! The walls are lined with clothing and the front of the store has multiple shelves of linens and kitchen wares.The middle section has various jewelry options of almost any color that you need. Lots of belts too!Fun to browse and hope to make a great find!
4	So glad they have a place on the main block at central and the plaza now!  Elizabeth is a really cool chick and she knows her stuff.  Great stop for belts and accessories, love her shoes.  Have also found many party dresses here that I have got endless complements on- for under $30!  Don't miss it if you love vintage!
2	This is a cute little store but it's one of those vintage places where I just don't feel welcome.  OK, so maybe I shouldn't have voiced out loud to my sister that it was pretty late in the day for me to feel like shopping for clothing that was sorted by color rather than by size, but then my sister asked a question about what the labels meant, and the girl working there kinda gave us the hairy eyeball and said "Well, most vintage clothing doesn't have size labels.  And it tends to run small."  Meow!  We both wear a modern size "medium", so it's not like it's totally unrealistic for us to expect to find something wearable in a vintage store.  And I used to work in an import store that sometimes got in one-size or unlabeled garments and when business was slow we would rough-size them with a tape measure and add something to the label to help out the customers.   It can be done.
5	I'm a fashion photographer--formerly the fashion director at Uptown Magazine.  Anytime I had an editorial project that needed vintage looks Hong Kong was right at the top of my list of places to go with my stylist.  Their clothes and accessories knocked the several several projects we worked on together out of the park.Best,Ryan SumnerFenix Fotographywww.fenixfoto.com
4	In the realm of vintage duds, Hong Kong holds its own in the QC. And whether you're dressing up like Rachel Zoe or trying to hunt for vintage cowboy boots, HK Vintage has the goods.Typically when I head to HK Vintage I don't have any real "purpose" or action plan - it's just fun to look around. The staff has always been helpful and kind and definitely leans toward the hands off approach. I think the main reason I enjoy this store so much (besides its great vintage wears) is because of its organization. I can FIND things! And yes, I'll agree with Cynthia G that the sizing is not present on most of the garb there, but I enjoy trying on, so it doesn't irk me too much.I've found some great costume jewelry here as well as some old school cardigans that I LOVE. Make sure you check out their great selection of boots and bags, too!
5	I have known of Hong Kong's existence for quite a while but hesitated to stop by for fear of high prices and way too many hipsters for one store but a couple days ago I decided to take the plunge! I was so impressed by the selection of vintage clothes, bags, shoes, jewelry, and home goods that I am going to stop in once a week to check for some new goodies! Everything is in excellent shape and the prices are so reasonable--I barely saw anything over 30 bucks! I loved everything I tried on and made an incredibly long mental Wish List of the things I have to go back to check on! For fabulous and unique pieces at a great price, it is worth your time to stop in.
5	One of my favorite Vintage Shops - Chairs - Vintage 70's, 80's and 90's Threads - Some very cool Clothes and Kitchen items!  Great looking space, staff is always very friendly!
3	I always feel like Hong Kong is playing a dirty trick on me. I will drive by and see a gorgeous dress in the window, but by the time I have time to return that dress has been sold and their stock has reverted to a mass of dated polyester. Clearly, they must have good inventory from time to time, I've seen it. I can just never buy it.I'm also pretty sure they inherited the estate of someone who owned every Etienne Aigner handbag ever made. Seriously, you want nice clutches? They got 'em. Loads of them. And they are reasonably priced. But I hope you like EA.Along with the purses they have an interesting accessories collection so be sure to brows the center cases as well as the clothing racks. The space is pleasantly funky and the sales folks have always been more than pleasant so I'll keep hunting the elusive goodies that I know Hong Kong can come up with...someday.
4	I adore HKV. Anytime i have a free day i swing by. I honestly haven't bought anything yet, but i have been drooling over the same coffee server set for about 6 months. It might be time to bite the bullet. I don't really pay attention to the clothes, just the housewares. It is awesome, and the girls there are so sweet, and don't hover.
4	At the advice of Nicole, I visited Hong Kong Vintage today.How funky is this place? I felt like I walked into a 60s or 70s closet - not that that's a bad thing! I don't own anything vintage, however after browsing today, that may soon change.Racks upon racks of clothes for women, men & children, multiple display cases of jewelry, floor lined with shoes, shelves of purses & shelves of kitchen items.Don't think for a second you're going to come in, grab something & head out. While everything is priced, some clothing did not have sizes marked. Yay for dressing rooms! Everything is organized though, so just take your time looking through the racks / cases / shelves.I'll definitely be back!
4	The selection in Hong Kong is fannnntastic. Finding the things I adore in my size? Way less often but *shrugs*. If you like 50s-90s style, this is one of the places you have to go.The thing I hate about thrifting is wandering through the store for 15-30 minutes digging through everything, and somehow still leaving empty handed.Anyhow, the lone staff person at Hong Kong is always nice, keeps to themselves and doesn't watch you like a hawk (which happens at some thrift places..).I'm a fan. Maybe one of these times I'll find some fantastic boots that fit!
3	Hong Kong Vintage you are a lovely store but browsing your stuff is a pain in the ass. Arranging by color looks nice and all but I'd much prefer for you to arrange by size. Especially since many of your clothes don't have sizing tags. I hate the disappointment when I find a nice piece that's way too large for me.The staff for the most part will leave you alone to let you browse around. If I had a lot of time to go searching for a good deal I'd totally hit this store up more than I do currently. Alas my time is precious so I'll leave the rummaging for the weekends when there is more to spare.
5	Hong Kong is definitely a landmark in Charlotte. She has the best selection of clothes and accessories for men, woman and kids from the 40s-80s. Mostly 60s, 70s, 80s. The store is nicely organized by style and color so it makes it very easy to shop. There is a lot of everything, so to makes sure you don't skip an awesome find, try to dedicate some extra time to sort thru. Unfortunately, she doesn't have it organized by size, but I think it would be near impossible to do since several pieces were hand-made and if it does have a size, it's not going to line up with today's sizing. My advice is to try it on. I think her pricing is pretty fair especially compared to vintage in bigger cities and online. The girls are always sweet and they don't hover. Some of my most favorite finds are from here. Also, they usually put out new merch every week. So it's good to check often.
5	This place is pretty snazzy!  I don't know why, but I was in the vintage mood and just had to check this place out. The place is very nice and tidy.  The red color in the store just made me all happy to shop.  I liked how they organized their clothes by color.  It was nice to shift through a rainbow rack.  I enjoyed how the have the shoes on the floor under the clothes so I could see it clearly.  They even have spacious dressing rooms located at the back of the store.  The ladies working in the store were very nice as well.  A minute after I was holding something in my hand and still browsing, she offered to open up a dressing room for me and put it away.  That was so helpful because then I had more ease of browsing.  I usually don't pay much attention to background noise when I shop, but I absolutely loved the jams they had going on in the store!  I wanted to ask them for their playlist, but I restrained.This is a wonderful store, and I see myself going back a lot more times to find some awesome treasures.
3	WOW!  Very nicely done. Nothing for men in my size. But I will bring the wife back as they had a lovely dress in the window that is "Oh so June Cleaver!"ddc
3	One word can describe the fashion here and it's mod! Everything is arranged by color. Very 'vintage-y' feel and well organized. TONS of stuff to wade through. You will spend quite a while searching through the racks. Lets see...the lone staff member generally keeps to themselves while you walk around and shop but she's generally friendly and willing to help. I've popped in a few times but always seem to leave empty handed :(.
4	One of my fave vintage spots in town. Store is always clean and organized! Always makes me feel like the ultimate hipster when I'm there. Staff is laid back and helpful at the same time. They always keep fresh merchandise in and Prices tend to be reasonable too. Pretty cool spot.
4	I'm not much of a fashionista or even one to peruse much of the thrifty stores in town, but when found in Plaza on a Saturday, Hong Kong is a typical stop. The owner and all of the staff are very welcoming and always offer to help you find what you're looking for (if anything). There's plenty of killer selections of plaid, vintage, odd graphic tees, boots, leather jackets, and 60's/70's decor/kitchen items. I saw some cups last time I visited and was tempted to pick them up for the simple and obvious 70's-style patterns. Pretty far out, maaaaan. I've picked up several t-shirts from here and love the wear on them. Found some great baseball henleys and a few kick-around shirts. Prices can vary depending on what kind of "find" it is in the vintage world. All around a cool spot and a destination if you're into the vintage scene in Crown Town.
3	I'm recently obsessed with vintage shopping and came to Plaza Midwood to check out the scene on this block where Hong Kong Vintage is.  You walk in and there is definitely an air of vintage feeling you get when you walk in.  I love that the place is split up by color which gives it a more organized, welcoming look than other vintage places where you feel like everything is a mess.I found a few cool pieces there, but the prices were still a bit high for me to pay and for the most part, most of the pieces weren't my taste, but I still enjoyed perusing through the store and getting a little taste of fashion history along the way.I probably wouldn't shop there regularly, but definitely planning on bringing my best friend next time she is in town because I know she will adore this place!
4	A great selection all around, and very reasonably priced. You can spend a good deal of time in here. Nicely organized, a lot arranged by color, you can approach the store in a few different ways. Sometimes it's "I need a new blue dress" or sometimes it's just "I need a top", maybe it's just "I feel like buying something awesome"... any way the store caters to you. There is also a men's section, a children's section, kitchen/housewares, formal dresses, and plenty of jewelry, accessories, and shoes!I usually don't find anything that is prices ridiculous high. I know I'm paying for better quality items than just any thrift store, and the prices reflect how ready to wear the items are, but that's about it. There is always the bargain trunk in the back!
4	I loved this place when I lived in Charlotte.  I used to come here at least three times a week.  I always found something great to buy.  Some of their prices can run high but it's worth it.  Supporting a local business like this is awesome.  The owner is super nice, too.  I always buy their knick knacks, like vintage pillows, bed sheets and kitchen kitsch.
4	Awesome vintage clothing shop right in Plaza Midwood.  On the small side but they have a lot of carefully selected vintage clothing, accessories, even dishes!Need cowboy boots?  Check.  Vintage gloves?  Check check!!!Even ladies hats and purses!  Staff is super nice and helpful - you have to stop in!!
2	I went on a Sunday afternoon with my teenager to help her find a dress for a costume. First of all, I do like how the store is organized - so two stars. As other reviewers have pointed out, things are easy to find and the selection for unusual clothing is pretty good. Cons: The used clothes are way overpriced. You can easily pay as much for one of these dresses as for something new. There is no negotiation on the clothing prices. The $48 used dress is the $48 used dress. Customer service was also not the best. The lone salesgirl on duty wasn't actually rude to us, but was singularly unhelpful and seemed a little put she had to wait on us.Most disappointing, though, was the no return policy. My girl spent her own babysitting money for a dress, but decided an hour later that it wasn't going to work for her. I called back literally an hour after we left to see if we could bring it back for a refund but was told they had a no return policy and I should have "seen" the sign on the register. They were singularly unconcerned since they already had the sale.I don't care what I think I need from there. We won't be going back and will find a vintage clothing store that is a little more customer friendly.
4	If you want Vintage, this is were you go.  I am vintage hound and this place sparked a interest with me.  They have decent men's selection which a lot of trendy store seem to be lacking. The coat section is pretty awesome.  Vintage leather, Suede, corduroy, you name they had it on the rack.   The had some good sizing too, I am a skinny lanky dude.Everything is well laid out and organized well.   The prices are high, but you can get some great 1 off vintage items here.  I am still hope to get a "leather sweater" in my size there.
4	It perplexes me that I've been to Hong Kong Vintage so often and yet to this date I have still not offered a review of this joint. It is the epitome of hipster. When you open the door that "dream of the 90s is alive" song from Portlandia plays in your mind only the location is Hong Kong. And of course I don't mean the city you dunce!Clothes alone could span an entire review here. They've got everything you can imagine that fits the era. Think turtle necks, high waist jeans and wide belts to name just a few things. Western gear is in good representation too with tons of belts, buckles, boots, cowfolk shirts and denim. Fabrics representative of the time can be found on dresses, skirts and scarves. It's so positively Laverne & Shirley and the Happy Days (this day is ooooours oh happy days!).Probably my most favorite items that they feature here would be the furniture, dishware and jewelry though. It really sets the theme as you enter the store and brings you straight back to the time period. They really stick to the era too and once told me they won't even consider giving you store credit for an item if it's not at least 20 years old. It's worth having a look-see and I try to bring any interested Charlotte visitors by here when they're in town too.
1	No longer in business but the website is still up and available. Unless they moved, the address listed here is not the current address.
4	Very inexpensive fashionable clothes. They carry everything from shorts, jeans, tops, skirts, coats, and dresses. There is a large variety of clothes and styles. Won't hurt your budget.
