3	Service: A, quick and correctFood: B+ , my Sonic burger was so-so but my fries were great!Beverages: C, 3/4 ice- W T F !!,,,  HELLOOO- Vegas + Summer = 200deg temp! Desserts: A, my Oreo shake was just right, not too sweet or overwhelming,  just a perfect blend of Orea and milk shake.Overall: hhmmm,,,,, 3.5
5	Cant go wrong with Sonic. Love a Cherry Limeade during Happyhour when its hot as Hell outside. Friendly employees and service with a smile. Keeping this review short and sweet.
1	Waited 20 minutes for fast food. I could understand if your busy but I was the only damn car in the parking lot! So needless to say after 20 minutes we left without food! :(
5	Always amazing service. Always. ALWAYS!!!! The carhops are always so remarkably happy that it makes you happy yourself!I always get the same thing every time I come, and every time they hand my Ocean water to me, they do it with a genuine smile that makes your day amazing.I'm not from the 50's/60's but the atmosphere and great service takes you back, back to when people were cheerful and happy.
2	I used to come to this Sonic quite a bit, but they seemed to get slower each visit.  I hadn't been to this location for quite a while; not since my last drive-thru nightmare here (look under the tips).  I was in the area tonight and craving a pineapple malt, so I thought I'd give them another shot... Waited  in the drive-thru line 10 minutes without moving, and fled  - If you want Sonic in this area, save yourself time and drive to the one on Pecos and Flamingo... I guarantee the drive will still be shorter than the wait here.  I give it two stars, only because the food and malts are excellent here, once you finally get them; and the staff is usually pretty pleasant.
4	Usually the food is fantastic and the service is great.  The blonde manager always seems to run the restaurant the best.
4	Big fan of the watermelon Ice cream slush. nothing more comforting than a chili cheese footlong coney even if you have to pay for it later. They have good chicken sandwiches and I love the sonic tv commercials lol. Yay for sonic !
4	When in need of a guilty pleasure sonic comes to mind. There selection from deep fried foods to ice cream choices keeps me coming back. I'm a sucker for their corn dogs and mozzarella sticks and the sonic blasts. The employees working here always appear positive and deliver excellent customer service.
4	Fair prices. Decent service. Ever since I tried sonic back in 1997 I have loved there food. They keep coming out with new items to keep things fresh. My only complaint is their ice cream machine breaks down a lot.
