2	I regret hiring Robert to install my new 20 seer maytag unit + Aprilair 800 humidifier. Contract was for over $14,000.  Here are the reasons why.LITTLE COMPLAINTS1. Scheduling - Robert was supposed to start the job on Monday, 3/31/14.  He didn't show up until 3 days later.2. When he showed for the job, he recommended adding returns for an additional $800.  I didn't know why he did not bid it initially.  I went along with it and paid it.3. Robert said the job would take approx 3 days. It took 1 week.  They left 4/10/2014, promising to return to finish the rest of the nitty gritty (Drywall to be finished/ one crew member broke the ceiling drywall next to a ceiling fan/ stucco holes..m etc.)4. Lack of cleanliness- I have a baby under 1... during the job, the workers did not use shoe covers and did not use any cloth to catch drywall. (They were cutting drywall). We had drywall overywhere and nails in the carpet. They did not vacuum and clean up daily. They left fiberglass in my front yard and backyard and only cleaned on their last (pay day).5. Robert did not provide water for his crew and they drank our bottle water throughout the job.6. Robert did not have a license with the city of las vegas. He did not know where the city development services were. He finally got a city license to operate and was able to pull a permit. He pulled a SMALL REPAIR instead of a complete unit, including new ducts.7. A month + 2 days on 5/12/14 , Robert and crew finally return. When asked about the plenum, he said he would replace it, but later cleaned. His mexican worker was a witness but Robert said he doesn't speak English so the worker cannot be a witness.8.  The crew failed inspection a few times, the last time because the city inspector took pity on the homeowner as the contractor installed 1 R6 instead of R8 duct. This is a violation of the contract. IT GETS BETTER!!BIG COMPLAINT9. On 5/12, Robert and crew came to hook up the humidifer.  I did not feel the humidity thru the ducts and turned it on high.The next day we had a big leak in our ceiling.10. 5/13, Robert blamed the plumber for the leak stating it had to be a hot water line instead of a cold water line. The plumber came to check the lines, turns out the leak was not due to the plumbing lines. The humidifier was not misting but dripping where it was connected to the ac ducts.Robert said it was the homeowner's fault for wanting a 2 zoned system with a 20 seer unit and that he would fix it but needed additional money because we have the wrong thermostat (we currently have 2 nest thermostats). We agreed to pay half of the new thermostat. He said he would return on the 5/19,  1 week later.Today is 6/9. It has been 3 months since work started.Last week, I called Robert and was told I was harrasing him. I truly have no intentions of harrasing Robert. I just want the AC and Humidifier working. Robert is responsive and said he will be here today first thing this morning. I emailed him at 10 am. He said they will be here in 2 hours. .. lets wait and see... and I will update you!
4	I'm really happy with my super efficient Maytag Air/Heat units - so quiet you can barely hear them run.  I'm giving LVHAC 4 stars because of the value - I had some of the same little complaints that Yv had, but LVHAC gave me a far better price than Silver State did on the same units. I was willing to overlook some of the scheduling issues, cleanliness, etc that LVHAC suffers from. In the end, I got some great A/C units for almost half the price of the competition. LVHAC is the authorized Maytag dealer, and that gave them a boost when it came to my decision to go with them. While the installation wasn't what I would call smooth (was late to start, and took longer than anticipated to finish)- all of the issues were resolved. LVHAC has come through on all of their promises to me to this point, and I'm comfortable using them in the future. The house is now uber-comfortable and quiet. The units look great as well.I think that Yv's review would have turned me away if I had read it before I agreed to the contract with LVHAC - However, I would say that I think LVHAC probably should have steered away from that job in the first place. I had April Air gear in my last home, and it's a bugger to configure - it's high-end stuff that doesn't work will with other controllers. I know that the Nest is neither high-end, nor will it play nicely with the April Air. The second part is the the whole humidifier thing - the Maytag A/C units are very complex, and will help remove humidity during cooling. So I'm not sure why you would want humidity during A/C (heat yes), but to each his own. Perhaps Yv's job was doomed from the start.LVHAC is not white glove service, but I didn't pay for that. They weren't any better or worse than most of the contractors that I've dealt with over the years - the job was finished without extras or crazy delays. Overall, I think they did a good job on the install - and I would highly recommend these Maytag units to anyone looking to revamp their A/C system.
1	If you are looking for a company where you have to chase them to complete work, watch their every move and have them learn on the job, then these clowns are for you. The first thing he did was put a lien on my property and months after being paid will still not send me a release from the lien. Here are some typical replies from this immoral person:As a result of filing this claim, he has started to threaten me. Here are some of his email responses from a morally bankrupt and seemingly not to smart guy, who already admitted in his rebuttal that he has been paid in full, as all my checks to him will also portray: From Robert Weinelood to me:"From: Robert mailto:heatingandaclasvegas@gmail.com Sent: Tuesday, July 22, 2014 6:21 AMTo: sales@ Subject: Re: Unconditional final release - Ira Blacker projectFuck off and dueSent from my iPhoneFrom: Robert mailto:heatingandaclasvegas@gmail.com Sent: Tuesday, July 22, 2014 6:31 AMTo: sales@ Subject: Re: Unconditional final release - Ira Blacker projectYou still owe me money and if you don't pay I will file a lien on your house and I will live there stupid guy Sent from my iPhoneFrom: Robert mailto:heatingandaclasvegas@gmail.com Sent: Tuesday, July 22, 2014 8:30 AMTo: sales@ Subject: Re: Unconditional final release - Ira Blacker projectI am recording a lien on your house today for the money you owe me then you get release and will not come off until you pay me and I can sell at auction go screw with me and see Sent from my iPhone"
4	Had a problem with the heaters that were installed over the summer (just fired them up). Called and they had someone out within an hour to fix. No extra charges. Just good service!
