4	The Glacier formed jutting Salisbury Crag presents an equally satisfying viewpoint to its big brother: Arthur's Seat.  Situated in Holyrood park, only a stones throw away from the Royal Mile lies an interesting rock formation ideal for an evenings walk or even (as I have tried) a great spot to attempt to run up. Catch the views during an evenings sun-set and the scene is simply stunning. Plus, the Crags leaves you with a distinctly shorter descent compared to Arthur's seat, giving you a much more manageable wander to the nearest pub.
4	The Salisbury Crags (commonly referred to locally as the Crags, but not to be confused with the nearby Scream pub of the same name!) offers a fantastic, simple, peaceful refuge from the nearby bustling centre of Edinburgh.Located in Holyrood Park, it is one of the best examples of a geological sill in Europe. The views of Edinburgh from the top are incredible, and is a highly rewarding experience for those who perhaps are incapable of ascending (or simply can't be bothered to ascend)  the adjacent heights of Arthur's Seat. With the much gentler inclines, the Crags offers the perfect location for relaxing walks.  Those who ascend during the evening may be rewarded with excellent views of the sunset and during the darker hours, the interesting variety of wildlife can include bats, toads and foxes. I often find that a small trek up the Crags offers a clearing of the mind and for this reason alone I would highly recommend it. Yet if you're feeling energetic and up for a challenge, it is certainly worth the extra effort of scaling Arthur's Seat!
4	I love the Crags.  It's so great, as the previous reviewers have mentioned, to find a place like this in the heart of the city.  There is not a bad time of the year to climb the Crags - winter or summer, rain or shine.  Each time, you will be greeted with a stunning view.  I find it's a great place to go with that special person and find somewhere to sit and while away the hours.  It's also a good Bonfire Night vantage point, though be aware that the whole area may well be jam-packed with drunken students with fireworks.  New Year's Eve is another great time to be up there, as the view of the Princes St. fireworks is amazing.Apparently, the Crags have an important place in geological history, and were formed around 340 million years ago.  They will be enjoyed by many generations to come.  If you're feeling that Arthur's Seat is too much a climb, then give the Crags a go.  Less physical effort for a still superb view.
4	On your way up you are greeted by one of those most unwelcome signs: 'Beware of Falling Rocks'.  Normally this is never a problem for me on my everyday rounds, but I imagine this is most unwelcome when sandwiched between a cliff and a massive drop.  Any how, having got that out your mind you discover that the path here wanders along half way up the cliff in a rather bizarre manner.  What it does offer though is fantastic views over the city and being a wide path, there is nothing to worry about.It's a fairly steep climb, but as you go up and up you begin to realise the illogical nature of this path and begin to suspect whether Holyrood isn't just one of those great conspiracy theories (well surely it's all too good to be true).  Unfortunately, it seems real enough and we must content ourselves with the best views over the actual city.  Me, I'm a big fan of here and not just because I can see my house from up here, it's also because I can see it from my house and it's nice to know when I look out my window every morning that I've been up there recently.
5	I am lucky enough to live directly opposite the Salisbury Crags. it's such a beautiful place, and so beautiful to look at.It's one of the best things about Edinburgh, in my opinion. How many cities do you know with a great big hill 10 minutes from the city centre?!I must admit, it doesn't do much for my self-esteem when I sit there eating chocolate and watch people run, yes run up the crags. Pfft.If you're thinking about walking then ye be warned - it's not easy!! I had to stop 3 times, and I'm relatively fit, just to catch my breath. It's practically  vertical at times. Coming down is just as, if not harder on your knees as going up!Beautiful views though!!Don't mke the mistake I did - I expected to get to the top of the Craggs but the path just takes you straight back down to Pollock Halls!
4	If Arthur's Seat isn't your cup of tea then the Salisbury Crags is a great alternative. Situated just below Arthur's Seat, the Crags stretches from Pollock Halls to Holyrood. It has great views and is not that steep to walk (apart from the unofficial paths down at either side). It is also a great place for a run, with paths leading down to Holyrood Park. This place comes alive during the summer and during bonfire night. This place is always crawling with students on bonfire night with fire works! It is chaotic and the crags has gone on fire in the past. And you must watch out for fireworks heading in your direction! A great place to see Edinburgh from, all you need is some sun and some wine!
4	A must in Edina...Great place for sunsets and stars!Quick and easy hike!
5	On my first day in Scotland, I immediately knew that I would have to walk along the crags.  Formed by glaciers and volcanic activity ages ago, the Crags overlook Edinburgh.  For anyone visiting, I suggest hitting this spot first.  It is a great way to orient yourself to the location of various landmarks since the Crags provide a great view of the city and are visible throughout most of Edinburgh.  Not to mention the fact that it is a pleasant walk.  It is a good alternative to climbing up to Arthur's Seat.
3	Head along to the Crags for great views of Edinburgh and as the final push to Arthur's Seat. There are a couple of routes up to the Crags but the easiest is up the Radical Road although there are some steep drops.
