4	Finally, the new location many people have been waiting for is open! Rose Tea "Express" Is much smaller than the Squirrel Hill version, but still has several tables even though the focus is on take-out food and drinks. The menu is much smaller, but they appear to have the full complement of bubble teas, and a handful of lunch specials. The taro cake appetizer I got was delicious as usual, and the cold mushroom salad is worth repeating.
3	I have to say some items are overpriced. The bubble tea is nice. The food is ok for me.
3	I'm familiar with the Squirrel Hill location so I was excited to see this location open.  The bubble tea menu is still extensive, but the food menu is considerably smaller with only a few options in the appetizer and entrees section.  They said they may be expanding their menu later though.  I got the egg scallion pancakes and cold noodles and both were good though a little pricey for being appetizer sizes.  I spent $15 in total for a bubble tea and 2 appetizers.  The green tea bubble tea I got was also good.  The atmosphere is interesting since the way the countertop and cabinets are setup makes this look like a kitchen inside a home rather than a restaurant which is kind of cool.  All the staff were very friendly.  Seating area is pretty limited so I got mine to go and it came out quickly.UPDATE:I went a 2nd time and got the pork noodle soup to go.  It tasted good, but was really hard to eat as a to go item because they give it to you with the soup base, noodles, and pork all in separate containers!  The soup base container was almost filled to the top so it was impossible to mix in the noodles and pork into it.  Also the pork came as a whole gigantic piece bones and all so it was really difficult to eat (especially with no knife).  I would have preferred to have the pork chopped up and to either put it all in one container or use a bigger container for the soup base so it's possible to mix it all together.  Since this place doesn't have a lot of seating it seems important to have the to go items packaged in a convenient matter.
2	Wow - the mediocrity here is impressive! I got the marinated pork on rice. This is not a pork chop, rather, its chopped pork - bummer. Also, so, so much MSG and oil, I'm drinking a lot of water with this one. Feeling huge. The food left a lot to be desired.Here's the thing - Rose Tea, since you are what, the 4th Asian restaurant within 100m (Little Asia,. Lulu, Oriental Express), you need to do things different and better. I've heard the boba is good - awesome there. But why would I decide to go there for a meal? I'll probably try the chicken, which my friends like, but other than that, I don't have a compelling reason to return.
2	Food is not great. I got the marinated pork over rice. Would not go back.
4	This place is technically called "Rose Tea Express" and they currently have a limited menu (most items include rice or noodles and some sort of meat either fried pork, fried chicken or marinated pork.)  Noodle soups are excellent, wide variety of bubble tea.  Some sit-down space as well as takeout.  Different than Rose Tea in Squirrel Hill but I look forward to seeing how they expand their menu.
1	Rose Tea Cafe, I had really high hopes for you. After the mediocre (nicely putting it) service in the Squirrel Hill location, I was really hoping you'd become more people friendly so costumers would actually want to go to your restaurant.I rarely give out one stars, but the service was so poor that I feel obligated to. When me and my friend went into Rose Tea, there was a huge clump of people at the door waiting for their food. There were also no seats available. With no clear signs stating that there was a difference between the takeout section, and the sitdown section, when the person serving asked us hurriedly if we were ready to order, we did. When we tried to sit down, we got yelled at by the waitress. She accused us of trying to cheat them out of tips by ordering take-out and sitting down to eat it. She also told us "not to speak Chinese" when we tried to clarify.Excuse me? If you guys had clearly marked what costumers were supposed to do, or if the waiter had even asked if we wanted to sit down, or order out instead of expecting us to know what to do, we would've been more than happy to accommodate. Needless to say, this this whole experience left a bitter taste in my mouth, and the greasy food couldn't chase that down either.This restaurant is definitely entering my list of never-to-return places.
1	Pathetic, to say the very least.  I wish I could give this restaurant 0 stars. The food was horrible. For $8, I was given absolute scum. My "curry chicken with rice" consisted of semi-frozen chicken with curry powder frozen on top. The service was even worse - my friend wanted to eat with me but she got a falafel from Ali Baba's. A server came up to us and told us to leave if she's eating food from outside because "we have our own food and don't want other inferior restaurants' food coming here". Please do not visit this shitty restaurant. There are better places you can spend your money.
3	Let me preface this by saying that the Rose Tea location in Squirrel Hill is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh and is consistently good.Although I was excited when Rose Tea Express opened on Craig Street, I have not been nearly as impressed as with the other location. The food quality seems lower - I may be imagining things, but dishes have seemed greasy and have come with too much sauce. Additionally, the menu is a small subset of the menu at the other location, and is unfortunately missing most of my favorite dishes.I hold out hope that this will improve, but for now the small menu and subpar food as compared with the other location makes this a solid meh.
4	Small location with limited seating. It only accepts cash, and the menu is slightly limited. But the few things I tried, the fried pork over rice, and curry chicken are both delicious and cheap. The fried pork was juicy with a crunch fried outside. The curry was also quite satisfying. The food is slightly on the oilier side, and wouldn't be suprised if there is a bit of MSG in it. In general I would prefer it over the nearby asian competitors: Little Asia, Lulu's Noodles, Oriental Express. But because of the limited menu, I'll visit Little Asia occasionally.
3	Came here for some bubble tea after lunch. Their black tea isn't bad. It's a bit sweet and a little milky, but it's not too too bad. It's a nice place to come and just chill with a milk tea.
5	The best bubble tea in Pittsburgh!  I like how the bubble teas have just the right amount of sugar (some places tend to make it so sweet that I'm dizzy afterwards).
3	Easy access bubble tea from CMU's campus, but the environment is not good for eating. The food is alright. Nothing I've had there has been at all notable.
4	Who doesn't love bubble tea!
3	The food is good, but selection is limited and not as plentiful as that of its main hub in Squirrel Hill. Cash only amounts to a docked star. Frequently busy especially during weekdays in the afternoons/early evenings so it may take a while to receive takeout orders. It's your typical Chinese cuisine ... least they have bubble tea.
4	My boyfriend and I were both very impressed with the meat entrees we ordered. I had the fried chicken which was perfectly crispy and flavorful and my boyfriend said the same about his porkchops. The service was great and I loved my Jasmine bubble tea!My one disappointment is the sides that are served with the meals. The mixed vegetables they serve are clearly either frozen or from a can. The rice was ok, but again, nothing special. If this place stepped up their sides, it would make such a difference!!
1	Never come again! The new cashier has the bullshit attitude. I would like to dine in but didn't see the sign on the table that told me to tell them first. So I forgot to tell her. After she knew that she shouted to me " U NEED TO TELL ME FIRST!!! DO U KNOW?" I told her I did not see the sign and she shouted that's your responsibility. DON'T come here otherwise u also gonna be shouted to eat.
3	If they kept up their quality from when they first opened, I would give it five stars for the braised chicken over rice. It was SERIOUSLY delicious. I actually had rose tea three days in a row. Unfortunately it seems like this location is declining in service and quality. First Time:Braised Chicken over Rice.The sauce was not too sweet, not too oily, overall delicious.The vegetable was something similar to cucumber and complemented it nicely.Boiled egg, also good. :)Service: vibe: You are there to get food, not to talk about your day with the people serving you. I won't take one side over another because frankly it's kind of an American thing to expect someone to chat, and since the food was great, I thought, wow, that was rushed, but boy that was good.Fourth time onward:Braised Chicken over Rice.The sauce was hot, but the skin on the chicken felt (soggy?) Like the chicken itself wasn't freshly cooked. Not saying that it wasn't, just commenting on the actual taste.Also, it's becoming increasingly oily.The vegetables were store brand frozen vegetables.Boiled egg, same as before.Service: Previously I felt like they were conspicuous in trying to get customers out to make room for the next batch, which was fine.I understand efficiency and the mentality of this place, so I'm used to having every single detail of the order thought out before going up to the counter, as well as having cash ready.  But the new girl at the counter is rude to the point that it wears on the customers. Somehow though, the new girl at the cashier doesn't understand that while she doesn't owe customers a smile, the impatience she has gets old. Where does that leave us? Rose Tea would retain more regular customers if the quality was consistently good over time. Also, the aggressive service would benefit from a little organization/toning down. If the cashier doesn't like taking orders, that's fine. But she would probably be happier if she wasn't antagonizing everyone that walks through the front door.At the moment however, I would say take your money to the Porch. Or Salem's Market on penn ave. Or even kai mei (though that's cantonese). Just until Rose Tea gets the message that they won't be popular as long as the experience and food are declining.
1	I happened upon this place when I was out shopping in the area. The sign said they opened at eleven, so I went in around 11:15 to get some boba.I walked in and the guy behind the counter ignored me. Everyone ignored me. I looked over the menu but he just pretended like I didn't exist and went about his business. Finally I told him I was ready and he said they didn't have any tapioca ready. I asked how long. "Long time. At least 45 minutes."What? How can you say you are open at eleven if you can't serve your primary product until an hour later? Either prep earlier or open later. What a joke.
2	Just not the same taste as the Rose Tea in Squirrel Hill. We always get the fried pork chop rice, but the one on Craig st is less crispy and the seasoning is a bit lacking. The rice is different too (sort of like a friend rice but not really), and instead of pickled cabbage and carrots, you get a mix of frozen/canned corn and peas or something. Will stick with the one in Squirrel Hill.
5	This place is actually underrated. The food here is actually quite decent and authentic. Too bad they don't take credit card though.
4	Very good bubble milk tea. I would like to see Thai ice tea and sesame bubble milk added to the menu, but still VERY good!
