5	On a recent trip To Las Vegas we went on Adventure Series #4.  Our tour guide was Brett.  He picked us up at 6:30a.m.  We went to Hoover dam.  Went off road through the desert to The Joshua Tree Forest.   Then to the Grand Canyon West Rim.  Our guide Brett stayed with us through the whole tour.  We got back to our hotel approximately 3:30 p.m.  He was great.  We had so much fun.  This was a first class operation.
5	Hoover Dam tourGreat tour company. I was in an off strip hotel and other tour companies throughout my week here refused to come pick me up. This company offered to come get me for $20 extra - much less than a cab fare. I turned them down however as I had a rental. I drove to a strip hotel to get picked up. The driver was early. The Hummer H2 was clean and nice and provided a smooth ride. The Hummer seats a driver plus 7 - 2 in the back, 3 in the middle and 1 up front with the driver. We stopped to pick up 4 others then drove 45 minutes out to the Hoover Dam. All the way he provided commentary on history and what we were seeing. At the dam he drove us around so we could get pictures then he gave us our tickets for the power plant tour. We had the tour and time to take pics - about 2 hrs in all before we met up again for the ride back. He does not do the guiding at the dam, a dam employee does that. He was very knowledgeable however about the dam and could answer any questions. I really recommend this tour company. Even though since I had a rental I could have driven out here myself the guide did definitely add value to the experience. It was also nice to have the logistics all taken care of.
4	This was a great tour.  They offered a 4 hour tour of Hoover Dam, which was perfect for me.   He picked me up at the Hotel and we went to pick up another couple at their hotel and then we were off.  It was so much fun to get individual and personal service.  Much better than those big bus tours.  He was so much fun and gave us so much background on the whole area.  I would highly recommend this tour.  Well worth the money!
5	Scott was our tour guide and he was excellent!! He was very friendly and knowledgeable!! We took the Grand Canyon hummer tour and we learned so much. I think the small group atmosphere made the tour even more enjoyable. Great experience!! If we ever visit again we'll definitely call Big Horn!
5	The west rim tour was great and very fun. Going thru the desert was a blast and the skywalk was very cool as well. This company gives you the personal attention and is worth every penny. If you want to go to west rim of the grand canyon this the best tour I've been on. I went on the death valley tour with big horn and that as just a good if not better. The  thing about the tour which is so much better is the time saved in comparison to other tours. The hummer is a great as well.  It's basically like a friend taking you out to the skywalk and then will take a picture of you on the skywalk (Pictures on the skywalk are extra) and overall hard to match. This is the tour to go on from vegas no matter where they go. First Class.
