2	Grade: D+Chain restaurant food. Loud and chaotic. Eat somewhere else.
3	This place has its ups and downs. For a chain the burgers are generally very good, and the steak fries are tasty with the house seasoned salt. If I could I would always get a burger to go, though, as the dining room is full of loud little kids and tacky crap hanging all over the walls.
3	Perkins with only burgers.  I got what I expected.  Good place to bring a kid.
3	The burgers and steak fries very good, and the crispy chicken burger is also very good non beef choice. The Towering onion rings are shareable and worth a try.
4	This review is almost entirely based upon my emphasis of being a vegetarian. If I ate meat, maybe I'd be cool with getting a burger elsewhere but this place has the ever elusive veggie burger as a substitute with any gourmet burger on the menu and they are DAMN good.Some things about Red Robin are less than satisfactory. Yes, it's loud. Yes, there is a lot of annoying chain cliches from your server asking if you've ever ate at RR before, every single time. The servers are good at being friendly and thus doing their job. I can't say I've ever had an incredible wait for either food, a server or my bill. They sing Happy Birthday! quite often which can also be quite annoying. There is often groups from sporting events, whatever that can be quite loud. But, did I mention, the vegetarian burger is DAMN good? This place is not like Denny's /Perkin's because they offer a vegetarian main course that is amazing(I didn't care much for Denny's Boca burger.)The prices are a little high. Drinks and appetizers can tack on a lot. That said, the burger is damn good so who cares.
2	Drive a little further and find something better.
3	Great place if you have kids.  Also good for a big group.  It is very loud, but that is nice when your kids are screaming!  The kids menu is nice too.  We got the bottomless fries right away and it was a cheap nice appetizer.  The freckled lemonade is the BEST!
3	This is close to a four star restaurant as far as burger places go.  It is part burger joint and part sports bar.  It is a bit too busy for me with all the "flare" on the walls or whatever you want to call it.  The food is always hot, flavorful and excellently presented.  Prices are inexpensive and reasonable.  Restaurant is very clean including the bathrooms.  Staff has always been terrific.  I can do without the Birthday song.  Hate that.The burgers seem to have gone downhill a bit.  Not as large as they used to be.   Still good flavor.   The salads are smaller now too.   A friend of ours was accommodated very well recently by their manager for a meal that was subpar.   Hats off for that.  Ultimately they need to bring their food back to where it once was.
1	Everything that is wrong with chain restaurants. First clue: robotically cheerful drones wearing baseball hats and headsets to greet you. Next: table buried under menus, special offer flyers, rewards card app, etc.  Then: food choices. I have nothing against red meat. Love burgers. But if you want to know why America has become the most obese country look no further. Unlimited fries with every sandwich? Really?  Bottomless rootbeer float. Oink oink. There is enough sodium in this food to melt the January ice on Lake Monona.
2	Really bland tasting food, and annoying atmosphere, as well as annoying staff. The food has nothing unique about it. I wish the fries were good so "bottomless fries" meant something to me. The table we sat at was REALLY close to another table (there is a row of crammed tables) and the people next to us were eavesdropping the entire time. Quite uncomfortable, but the only seating available. They brought out an entirely wrong burger to me, but gave me a $20 giftcard since they messed up, so that was cool.
3	Brought the wife and kids here on a Sunday night.  We were seated within 5 minutes or so.   Although the lobby was empty, it turned out nearly all of the tables in the dining room were full.As another reviewer said, this place feels loud and chaotic, even on a Sunday night.  It was difficult for the waiter to hear my wife and kids' orders; it seriously felt like a school cafeteria (noise-wise). Not relaxing at all; I cant imagine what it sounds like on a Friday or Saturday night. The acoustics just aren't good in here; maybe carpet and/or a different booth layout would help.Food was good and reasonably priced.  Came out pretty quickly. Server did a pretty good job, but seemed a little stressed out like he had too many tables.I might come back, but I really don't look forward to all the noise.
2	Staff was very young and lacked a sense of professionalism on any level and it was obvious there is a lack of leadership.  Was a busy evening, the wait was reasonable though at about 15 minutes for three of us.Shortly after being seated a young guest at another booth got sick on the floor.  Our server, who was taking our order, immediately made a big dramatic scene about how she couldn't see stuff like that and ran off to the back.We then watched no less than 10 staff (not an exaggeration) walk by/over/around the prominent mess with no effort given to cleaning it up or acknowledgement to the guests around it.  Finally a young man with a mop bucket full of dirty kitchen water showed up to mop up the mess...  No thought given to the fact that it's a biohazard in a restaurant and obviously having no training in how to handle the situation.He then parked the mop bucket in the dining room next to us (splashing the disgusting mix onto the wall) while having a loud conversation with another staff member about it.  He came back a few minutes later with a bucket of pungent bleach water and towel to hand wipe the floor and, using the same cloth, the seats and table top.  Our server did eventually come back and let us know that she did put our order in.  Another server then stopped by to tell us how it reminded her of a scene in a movie where a bunch of kids puked after trying tobacco chew... I really can't make this up.  It was an experience that I will never forget.The food?  My burger was average, but not bad and my wife's clam strips were inoffensive but rather flavorless.  Our daughters spaghetti was predictably bland.I will be in no hurry to go back.
3	Conveniently located, we hit this place on occasion for a meal where no one can decide where to go.  It's not bad, but the menu is bereft of anything under a zillion calories, which generally leaves me eating soup. Burgers/fries are the rule of the day, but for the love of god, stop the birthday singing.Forget the drinks- they're ridiculously expensive.
2	Not too bad, but I have to said If I have to pay the same money to go there again I guess not . Service was poor . Food was ok .
2	Poor service, noisy, but pretty good food.
2	Let's go to red robin they said.  They have really good burgers they said.  So I went there and got a bacon cheddar burger.  The waitress asked if I would like some pink or no pink.  I replied medium-rare (because beef is cooked rare, medium rare, medium, medium well, or well done).  Her reply was of course, not a problem.  We can get a lot of pink for ya.  Apparently the message got lost in the kitchen as my medium-rare burger arrived very well done and charred to a crisp with dark brown meat throughout the center and black meat (carbon) on the edge.  If a burger place cannot distinguish between very well done and medium rare, they suck.  I'll give them one extra star for serving hot french fries, though they were very bland.Crappy burgers, a front of house not communicating with the back of house, and bland fries.  Definitely not coming back.
5	This is an inexpensive way to eat out with the family. We got here often and mostly get good service. We use their Red Royalty card to save money. Often we end up getting an entree for free! It is clean and everyone can find something they like. Managers are responsive when there is an issue.
1	Bill our server was terrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I can't believe I'm rating this 3-stars, but I am. I met some very good friends here for their son's 11th birthday party; he insisted on Red Robin. I was hesitant, but willing to give it a try.Our group of 10 was seated at a large table; service was friendly and efficient. I ordered the grilled chicken salad, along with a Samuel Adams. The salad was actually quite good - the chicken was tender and tasty, the greens were fresh, and the veggies crisp and tasty. Total bill came to just under $15 (I also ordered a Diet Coke along the way).This wouldn't be my first choice for dinner, but it wasn't bad.
1	Sloooooowwwwwwwww. Couldn't believe how long it took to be served below mediocre food.
3	I do really like RR for the kids.  Lots to look at.  They like to "play" with the games. I got the Blue Ribbon Burger- very good.  I also love the bottomless fries- we always get them right away.  Speaking of fries they need to go back the basket fries and not the the metal containers.  These containers are WAY to fancy for Red Robin.  My husband who is a vegetarian also liked there burgers that you can sub with a veggie burger- he likes the Burning love.The con... the service is slow.  They really need to work on the service.
3	Typical burger and beer place.  Food is pretty good.  Service was great!
3	So I recall hearing a story on NPR about a reviewer in LA who reviewed all the restaurants on one particular street. It took a couple years because of the diversity and number of places on that street, but eventually he got to all of them. That sounded like a fun project to undertake, so I thought I'd do the same. Picking which street in Madison was kind of difficult, especially since you can stay driving on the same road and it'll change names like 4 or 5 times. I decided to pick one such road: Monona Dr which turns into Attwood Ave, which turns into Willy Street. There are so many great places on this road, some of which are already favorites, but others that I need to get around to visiting and reviewing. Now the journey begins....It was a snowy December Sunday afternoon when I visited this Red Robin. The snow kept a lot of people away, but the place was still about a third filled. I was greeted and seated promptly. I've been to Red Robins before and I like to think of them as an easy place to go when my sister is in town visiting with her kids. Kids seem welcome here (they even can get a balloon) and since it's already a loud place, I don't mind when my niece and nephew act up (to say I'm not a kid person would be a great understatement). The burgers here are good with fun toppings. My go to is the A1 peppercorn burger which may rival Bob's Bad Breath Burger from the Weary Traveler when it comes to giving you bad breath afterwards. The onion bun along with the crispy onions on top definitely leaves you reaching for some gum after dinner. If you are feeling gluttonous, the never ending refills of steak fries can fill you up. When they are fresh and hot, they are pretty tasty, but if you are looking for crispy fries, this isn't the place for you. They had some boozy ice cream shakes on the menu that looked interesting, but I'm not in the mood for shakes in winter. Overall it's a decent place for burgers and fries if you don't mind that it's loud, there's tons of pop culture crap all over the walls, and that it's a chain. A solid 3 stars.
1	Very terrible service, waitress did not khow what she was doing. Did not state her name, walked by us twice with out asking if we needed anything. Someone else brought our food, we had to get up ourselves to get napkins. Someone by the name of Justin apologized, who was he? Then someone else came up by the name of Joey{who was he???} and said drinks are on us, unfortunately both burgers have been taken off for our Birthday's. Really un-proffesional. they could have put them back on our card's. The worst Birthday burger ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Is good hamburger!! But my low point is for the service. We wait during 10 minutes or more and never receive any waitress. We complaint with the manager a she was very good cuatomer service!!
2	Went here for a Birthday party.Not our first visit, not our first choice.Extremely overpriced, underwhelming food.  $15 for a meh burger?  Yup.
3	Red Robin is a good place if you want a hamburger that's a step above your typical fast food drive up joint. They are similar to Culvers but doesn't offer you that "home quality" kind of experience. I typically get the Bleu Ribbon with some pink. I like the fried onion straws they add to the burger as well as this chipotle spread they use after toasting their buns. Mix that with the burger, BBQ sauce and bleu cheese and you've got a great tasting large juicy burger. I sometimes have to cut it in half because it's hard to take a bite out of. The burger comes with a side of endless steak fries they are often cooked to perfection. They are one of the few places that offers onion rings, however, as much as I love me some rings, I do not care much for theirs. The onions they use are extremely thick making it hard to bit into. I have often times ended up just eating the breading and putting the onions to the side. They are onion rings! This doesn't make any sense! They need to slice their onions thinner. As of now, I do not believe they are editable. My other negative is presentation. The Bleu Ribbon has a lot going on so I realized that sometimes the burger can get messy. However, there have been times where my burger has come out looking like it went through a tornado. Lettuce falling everyone, too much BBW sauce, bleu cheese thrown on. The presentation needs to get better. I've experienced this at two different Red Robins. Also, I've also noticed that within the last year, they've cut back on the amount of steak fries they give you. Since they are bottomless it makes really no difference but I've definitely seen a change. That being said, I would rate Red Robbi as being more than just an "A-OK" burger joint but they are far from a "4+ star" quality kind of joint. I do like the atmosphere. They have a few game machines, TV's, bar, background music and great classic pictures hanging on the walls that are great for helping to start a conversation ( say you're on a first date?). The art and photography they use to decorate the place I believe adds a lot of character and "spunk". They do get very busy on weekends so expect a wait for a table and for your food but from my experience, it has never been extremely long. Wait staff has been good for me as well. Overall, they are a solid burger place. A bit pricey but I do think they are good. Oh, one more thing, if you're dieting,....The Bleu Ribbon is 1,001 calories and fries are close to 500 calories!!! (According to my "Lose it!" app - they could be wrong but I also believe this is an extremely high calorie meal)
1	If I could have given today's experience negative stars, I would have.The food was average. Nothing beyond what you can get anywhere else in this city. What takes places like this to another level is the service and the ambiance. This is what took Red Robin straight into the toilet.From the moment we walked in, this place felt different. I've been here off and on for years, but there was a weird vibe in the air. I knew it was going to be a memorable visit after the hostess asked if we were "going to need a high chair for that?" while gesturing at our 9 month old daughter.We were seated fairly quickly, which was nice, and our server seemed average, didn't tell us about anything new, didn't ask us if it was our first time at Red Robin (usually they do, and it wasn't, but still, try a little), and didn't bring us any silverware or napkins. Took our drink order, took our order, and left.She knew we had a baby with us, and knew that she had just taken an order from the table of 8 behind us, and didn't bother to consider bringing the fruit cup for our daughter or my wife and I a basket of fries ahead of time since we'd be waiting a bit due to the large ticket in queue ahead of us. She didn't even bother checking on our drink situations in the meantime. Just went all ghost and ignored us.In this meantime, my wife and I are entertaining our daughter and looking and watching around us. She notices the manager checking in with other tables and rolling her eyes a bit after a few exchanges with customers. I notice a few scoffs and eye-rolls among the staff, and start to get bothered by how the staff is acting like this job is beneath them.Another server brings us our food. I had asked for a side of sauce that doesn't show up, but she gets it promptly. I had asked for no tomato on the burger, but was talked over so she must not have heard it. No big deal.We go to serve some fruit to our daughter, but we still don't have any silverware or napkins, so we ask and some are brought reasonably promptly. And set right in front of our 9 month old daughter. Not the brightest of plans to set metal forks and knives in front of any small child, but especially one who is currently fussing a bit at not having any food.At no point does the manager come by to check on us. Our server barely says another word to us after handing us the bill. They coasted this entire time, why did I expect them to suddenly make any effort? Because I thought they would want us to come back.I'm of the belief that if you think your job is beneath you, then you should prove it. You never know who is watching or who you're serving, and who may be able to help you get out of the job that you don't really like. I mean, there are so many places to get a mediocre burger, you may as well offer above and beyond service to make it stand out.I guess when even the manager is rolling her eyes at customers, the rest of the staff begins to believe that kind of behavior is acceptable.
5	Love this place for lunch.  Nice folks.  Good service. I eat at the bar so I can watch sports.  BUT went once at night and discovered they have excellent and cheap Manhattans and Martinis!!!!
1	Took my daughter and 4 1/2 year old Grandson to Red Robin last night. Arrived around 4:45 and were seated. Not many customers at the time. Sat waiting 15 minutes for a server to bring us menus. There were 5 or 6 servers standing around chatting with each other.  Finally got up and left.  Always wondered what it would be like to be invisible.  Guess I know now.  Won't be back!
3	I've always wanted to try one of these places. Came here on a day away from work. Pretty cool designed interior. It was rather crowded, which I don't blame because the food is great, and the service is even better.I experienced the "Whiskey BBQ Burger" and the "Root Bear Float" to go with. This place is greater than your standard chained burger place. So many burgers to choose from, it's definitely worth the try more than once.
