3	Grade: CNeighborhood bar. Unimaginative food. Good prices. Decent service.
4	I've been here for lunch several times. The soups are excellent and not what you'd expect from a "sports bar"
2	Food was B but service was terrible (D-)!  Took nearly an hour for us to get our food.  Our waitress acted like she just did want to be there and certainly acted like we were a bother to her.  We were super polite and friendly but it didn't matter.  She is clearly in the wrong job.  I gotta say my cajan burger and fries were good - maybe if you sit at the bar you won't have the experience we had?!
2	Second visit,both with similar results.Latest following a Packer game with late NFL games on TV.. This sports bar had a rugby REPLAY on with volume. When asked for NFL was seemingly a bother to bartender,not to mention taking beer order too! Other places in Verona with better more friendly service..Will be my last visit.
5	I stayed at the Super 8 that was right next door for 4 weeks for work. I tried the 5th Quarter because it was convenient. The food was superb for a sports bar and I ended up making it my preferred choice for food during my stay. Ingredients are fresh with a great menu. My favorites are the pizza & the chipotle ranch smoked turkey wrap!! For being an out of towner, I was treated like a regular with excellent service!
4	I've been to the 5th Quarter several times now, and felt it was time to draft a review.  Note that I've only ever sat at the bar - I have not used the dining room, so please keep that in mind throughout the review.Located in a modern-ish strip mall near the Super 8 motel and just behind what may be one of the area's worst McDonald's, you'll find a little oasis in the 5th Quarter. There's a small outdoor patio with some high-top tables; I've never sat there as there isn't much in the way of sun protection/shade.  Upon entry, you'll pass through a smallish "arcade" area - there are a handful of standup video games, including Ms. Pac-Man.  The bar area is large, with a prominent u-shaped bar that's flanked by several 4-seat high-top round tables.  A dozen or so flatscreen televisions hang from the walls.  There's an internet-based jukebox and a decent sound system as well.The dining area sits to the side of the bar; I've seen it packed on a Friday night - otherwise it hasn't been terribly busy.Grab a seat at the bar and you'll be greeted almost immediately.  Tap offerings are slim and consist of the usual suspects.  Prices are fair - they were running a Blue Moon promotion at one point that offered a 23oz pour for $4.50, and you got to keep the glass.  If you're looking for a large craft beer selection, you may want to look elsewhere.The crowd lends itself toward the more mature side, although on one occasion, I did share the bar with what appeared to be a coed team of younger softball players.  I'd venture a guess this place sees its fair share of teams, courtesy of the baseball fields across the way.The kitchen offers up specials nearly every day of the week; I've had their mini sliders with carmelized onions, bacon, and nacho cheese, which were fantastic.  The sliders were hand-formed, the onions just slightly sweet, the bacon crispy and smoky, and the cheese perfectly applied.  Not sure if they were worth $9.79, but they were tasty.I've had the salads, which are about what you'd expect from a salad - crisp lettuce, average veggies, and clean-grilled chicken.  The wraps are solid - I've had the buffalo chicken and the grilled chicken with bacon.  My dining companions have had the burgers, the chicken sandwich, and the BLT.  I must say that I'm not normally a fan of BLTs, but the 5th Quarter's BLT looks phenomenal - more like a BLT-melt.One of my favorite things from the 5th Quarter are the chicken nachos.  They are absolutely superb.  The homemade potato chips are great as well, if not a bit salty.All things considered, this may be one of my new favorite places.  It's definitely better than the Draft House, which is always too noisy and too "frat-like," and it blows away Monte's, which always has a depressing vibe and mediocre food.  When I'm in the Verona area, 5th Quarter will be my go-to place.  It's almost as good as Middleton's MidTown Pub.5th Quarter = WINFood = 4 starsService = 3.75 stars (at the bar)Value = 2.5 stars (a tad pricey on the food)MISC = 4 stars (good game-time specials, nice bar area, good crowd)So... I'd suggest you sit at the bar, be a little friendly, and enjoy the experience.  I'll be back to try the fish fry.
2	In a word, "greasy."  The mushroom burger I had was supposed to be on a hard roll.  Hah!  Instead, the bland beef was on a Wonderbread-like bun.  This is NOT a hard roll.  A hard roll has a hard exterior, much like French bread.  And, a hard roll would have contained the grease from the hamburger.  Also, don't expect a real plate.  At lunch, you're served on some black plastic thing with a piece of deli-paper.  Seasoned fries were okay, but greasy!  Yuk!
1	Awful.  Ordered a rib eye sandwich, medium...gray piece of meat tough as shoe leather served hanging out of a round, soggy bun.  Worst. Sandwich. Ever!  Fries are extra, they were mediocre.  The entire time we were eating someone was trying to unclog a sink in the dining room with a plunger and snake.  Very unappetizing.  Menu is very unimaginative, whole experience was mediocre at best.  Will never be back.
1	Came with roommate. Stood in entryway for 5 minutes. Chose a random table and sat for 5 minutes. Staff made eye contact with us and still chose not to address us. And so we left. Spare yourself the trouble.
4	We had a great experience. We were a party of 4 who all ordered different dishes, from a wrap, a burger, a loaded brat, and soup, and we all thought the food was excellent. The prices were a bargain and our beers tasted as they should. We sat at the bar. The only downside was that our food took a little too long to arrive.
4	I love coming here! Always a friendly place to go, most of the staff recognizes us when we return -- by what my boyfriend orders every time (Cajun chicken, extra spice) if not by name! (Who does that!?)Any time we have friends or family in the area, we come here because they are so wonderful (and our apartment is so tiny). Everyone's had a wonderful time and look forward to returning again.
4	Stopped in after a hockey game for a quick burger with my son and friends. I have to say I love the service you get when you walk through the door. Always fast to get drinks and food.  I had bacon cheeseburger and side of cheese curds.  Burger was cooked medium just how I asked and the curds are always delicious.  My son had the same and he polished his off so I assumed it was as good as mine.  Dana our server was very nice and very busy.  Nothing like service with a smile.  Thumbs up 5th quarter for hiring quality people.
5	This is really a great sports bar. Nice atmosphere, reasonably priced and delicious bar food. Not a lot of variety on the menu, but there doesn't have to be when everything is always prepared very well. The bartenders also happen to be very easy on the eye as well.
4	Have recently enjoyed a couple visits here to use Mad City Cocktail book...Very good service and conversation with both Dana and Holly..Worth a stop if at nearby Farm and Fleet or vice versa.Food looked good..
