3	Marshalls offers some designer brands at discount prices.  These brands can be factory seconds, past seasons, or just an overproduced piece.  Marshalls also offers shoes and house/kitchen/bedroom products at discounted prices as well.  They even have competitive discounts on small electronics (ex. headphones, iPhone cases) and even coffee.This Marshalls located in the Canyon Pointe shopping district is smaller than most other locations in town.  I felt somewhat crammed for space as I made my way through most of the store.  The selection was exactly the same as all other locations.  I would even go as far as saying the selection was lacking in comparison.  However, the store was well-kept and clean.  Overall, if your in the area stop by and check it out.
4	I've never been one to dig through racks in search of the perfect shoe or outfit.... but on my recent visit to Las Vegas to see my girlfriend, we stopped in at the Marshalls right by her house and lo and behold a treasure haven of designer brand shoes and clothes!!!  WOW!  I got a brand new, and current pair of LAMB shoes, a C&C dress, and a couple of other tops that are available now at Nordstrom! It does take a little work to dig... but well worth it!   I can't say that all Marshalls are the same since we did check out another one and that one wasn't as good!  But I guess it's hit or miss but this one certainly was a HIT, for me at least!
4	Nice store with more variety and worth stopping in, if you're on this side of town. We don't live close, so if we're in the area, we make it a point to stop here. I noticed that the handbag selection is a little bit better than the other locations. The shoe department is a tad bigger. There are more shoppers here (weekends) and the tiny walkways don't help as the carts are going through- so if you want to avoid the crowds, get there early. Sometimes you will find a great deal here. It's worth stopping by and looking at what they have. You never know.
4	I've never been a big Marshall's fan until my boss' wife kept coming in with cute purses. I asked her where and she said Marshall's. I was on the hunt for this one Nicole Lee handbag...unfortunately I was unable to find it. Luckily for me, my boss' wife ended up seeing it again at  a different Marshall's. I ended up getting the bag for 40 bucks! They have a lot of cute purses and shoes. I didn't pay attention to the clothes, but you might have to do a bit of digging in order to find what you are looking for.
3	This one has good stock, but it's a bit messy. I've been a few times and it just has stuff on the floor at the end of the night.They overstock the shelves which makes it hard to even browse womens clothing, but it may payoff with finding a nice treasure. The accessories, purses and shoes, are particularly noteworthy. Lots more designer purses at great prices. I find more housewares type items about equal in all the Marshalls. Customer service is just okay here. They seem understaffed at times since it seems there is always a wait at the register with only one or two (somehow often slow) people checking people out. Good stuff, but someplace where you need time and patience for the deal.
3	Marshalls was a little pricey and the big and tall section lacking. I'm used to Gordmans where they have a huge big and tall section and carry lots of 2 and 3 4 5 xxx sizes.  The ladies department has a better selection than the men's but isn't that everywhere lol.
4	9 times out of 10 I walk out of this store buying something, that's probably the reason why my husband hates it when I want to go here lolTheir shelves are always fully stocked, I can (almost) always find my size, and the wait while you're in line is not a painful process... Especially since they allow the shopping experience to continue with their intelligently designed lines for checkout lolI've seen Vince Neil shop here, I guess washed up celebrities need to save some mula too lol
5	Sigh.  Dear Marshalls, I'm so happy to have you in my life because without you we would all be paying for overpriced brand name items and having to pick which items we like best because we cant afford all of them.  At Marshalls you can afford all these overpriced "in style" items at DISCOUNTED prices.  Hi.  Just Hi.  Why would you go anywhere else?  I walk out of here with multiple things everytime I shop here.  It has become a frequent lunch stop for me being that its right by work.  See you soon Marshalls!
5	Always have stuff in there for way cheaper than you could get it somewhere else!!!! A little cluttered sometimes but worth the hunt!
4	One of the larger and nicer Marshall's stores I've been to and possibly the cleanest one in town. They offer name brand and designer clothing at pricing much below standard retail and I love shopping here because there are usually good deals to be found, especially in the clearance section if you can find your size. Notable features of this store include a large shoe and home selection, as well as plenty of cell phone accessories, and in the men's section there are a decent selection of suits, dress shirts and ties. There was a pretty decent line going at the register when I walked in but it was gone by the time I was ready to check out, so the employees here are pretty efficient. We used to live in the area and now occassionally stop by whenever we're in the area because of the variety of items and size of store here compared to other locations.
4	This is my favorite Marshalls, they definitely have the best selection when it comes to shoes. I'm not sure about the clothes, but I'm guessing they get a stylish/more expensive selection since it's in a affluent area. If I need a good pair of dress shoes this location is the first one that comes to mind, but too bad I live on the other side of town. I don't know if it's worth the trip but If I'm in the area, I try to stop by.
4	Ever since I started earning my own $$$, cheap, high quality clothes has been on my new search list--and Marshalls has made the cut!! Clothes do range in price depending on the brand, but most stay under a budget of $20! Summerlin Marshalls is actually my favorite out of all the ones in town. They offer the best and cutest and most updated products! Plus, they don't sell just clothes either--shoes, perfume, luggage, bags..even candy!! They have a wide variety of items, you just have to keep both eyes open ;) Also, Marshalls does have a rewards and a credit card program.The only issue I have with shopping here is that it can get really unorganized and confusingI love Marshalls so much, all of their clothes are basically in my closet!
4	I stop at this store often because it's so close to my house.  I don't every really go in here needing anything but because of the nature of the store I find it's best to browse it about once a week or so to see what new items they might have.  I learned a lesson early on when I spotted a Michael Kors purse I really wanted and I went back the next day it was gone.  So if you see something you want, buy it, think about it and return if necessary.  This store pretty much has it all.  A great selection of shoes, purses, clothing, home goods, etc.  Lately they seem to have increased their food products too with healthy items like chia, flax and other items.  It's my go to spot for oil, vinegars and spices also.  And I can't go in the store without checking out their pet selection.  Pet beds, toys, bowls, treats and accessories for great prices.  I'm a little old school in that I wish they still had layaway though.
4	This is one of their better stores with nicer pieces. Nice price range on a pretty good selection.  Checkout lines can be long but move quickly. I am there at least one day per week to check out their new items. If you see something you like, get it or it will be gone when you return.
3	What can be said about Marshall's that hasn't already been said?  It's one of those places you have to stop in just because!   I don't think I ever go there actually needing things but more to see what they have.  You just never know what you are going to find.
5	Love it!  This one stocks up new items regularly and the staff is always so friendly!  Clean, easy to shop, very well kept. Always finding designer brands at great prices!!
4	This location is great. Had a lot if stuff you couldn't find at other Marshall's, kinda annoying though that you have to ask the front to remove the sensor in order to bring it back to the fitting room.
5	Had a great girl reach in & help with a mismatched swimsuit... She figured it out, worked it out and went way out of her way to make it easy for me to buy the cute swimsuit... It is nicely kept, and I can usually find a fun bargain:)
4	This is the store to frequent if you're a Marshalls regular. Location, location, location.You won't find items strewn about like at some Marshall's who shall remain nameless.I've not been too excited about the selection recently but there are still great buys to be found, try the designer selection handbags or clearance lingerie! They seem to have more clearance items in multiple departments recently also. If you wear a size 11 shoe womens or higher, Marshalls is one of the few places I've seen thsese sizes.
3	Large and well-stocked and yet I can't say I'm a huge fan of this Marshall's. On the few times I've visited, the shopping experience is hit or miss. I have yet to find anything I actually want to purchase here, but like most Marshall's location their selection is eclectic and relatively inexpensive, carrying some of the higher end brands compared to their competitors.
