4	I am SOOO happy with this new location (primarily the pharmacy).   +  It's close to home & the primary pharmacist that's always there is SUPER helpful and friendly (I'd give her credit if I knew her name).   +  My prescriptions have always been ready when promised.+  The pharmacy area is very nice,  with a ''wait here to be called'' barrier for privacy and a separate consult window.  Very fresh and clean; reminds me of the pharmacy at the top-notch Mayo Clinic in FL.+  When you pull up to the window, you're soon greeted with ''welcome to Walgreen's, we'll be right with you'' if they aren't able to come over immediately.  Highly appreciated & much better than just sitting there wondering if anyone even knows you're there. +  The store is very clean and easy to navigate & find what you need in a snap.+  Store associates are always very pleasant & often ask if you need assistance without having to be tracked down.+  Great selection of odd size batteries, cards, rawhides for the pups, ''as seen on tv'' goodies, and other assorted goodies you may need in a flash & don't have time for the lines at Target or Wal-Mart.+  Also easy to get in/out of the parking lot, with three entrances/exits.I was really hoping this would be a 24 hour location, but alas, it isn't (they close at 10:00).  Other than that small wrinkle (which would have garnered them a 5-star rating), I'm smitten with this Walgreen's!  As of right now their hours are:STORE:  8a-10p daily.PHARM:  8a-10p M-F | 9a-6p Sat | 10a-6p Sunday
1	It was the end of the day, and there was one pharmacist working. I walked up, and she was chit chatting on the phone. 10 minutes of standing around and no acknowledgment from the pharmacist, I walked out.  I was the ONLY ONE in line, and I have strep throat. So the last thing I want to do is stand in line for no reason- while their employees waste company time and money. I drove 15 minutes out of my way to CVS where I got prescriptions filled in less than 10 minutes.
4	Parking lot was clean. New, clean, store. I was greeted as soon as I came through the door with a hello.  4 Stars because they didn't have the microwave bulb I was looking for.
