3	By chance, I seem to always be there when a sale is going on.  Although the store can get rather busy, and you may end up waiting for a fitting room to be opened for you, the employees handle it well and have a good sense of humor.  The store is clean and modern.  I definitely will be back.
4	There is a certain sartorial magic that happens when you try on a pair of chinos and instantly know that you two are destined for each other. And that you can afford said bewitching accoutrements. Spirit Fingers!Yes, it's usually expensif. But keep an eye out for the sales; they always seem to have something on offer in-store or online. This store has a pretty decent selection and friendly service. I can usually find what I want in my size. It's BR - you get good quality, modern clothes. I also appreciate that BR offers emailed receipts in addition to paper copies.
5	I love this Banana! There are always sales and promotions going on, so there are always bargains to be had. The store is always clean, and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the product.I love that there are three floors to explore, two for women and one for men. The merchandising manager, Dean, has styled the store beautifully. I love looking at the styling on the mannequins to get ideas for outfits.The shoes have drastically improved over the years, and I absolutely love the Abby flats. They are extremely comfortable while still being stylish. They get new colors seasonally, which makes me a happy girl!
3	This review is a bit biased because the only reason I walked in here was because I had a gift card. This store really isn't my thing: it's way too upscale and expensive, and it's just not really my taste. However, even I was able to find a few items that fit my style and what I wanted, and I didn't have the spenders guilt about the price tag because I had the gift card. The staff were very nice and helpful. Though I liked the shirt that I bought, I will probably not shop here again (unless someone gives me another gift card).
5	As a former BR employee, I'm very hard on my shopping experiences at Banana Republic as a customer. However, I had a great time shopping here with my husband on Saturday! We shopped on all 3 floors and received multiple offers for assistance. My husband was the focus of the trip, and the guys on the men's floor were very helpful. They asked what we were shopping for, guided us in the right direction, and set up a fitting room for him while we were still browsing. Next time I need/want to shop at Banana, this will definitely be the store that I head to!
4	Nice, big multi-story Banana with a friendly staff and great selection. Also we totes saw Ygritte from Game of Thrones aka actress Rose Leslie! We played it cool but kept saying "Jon Snow" once we parted ways.
4	I was able to come in, pick out 3 tops that were really nice when they were clearly really busy and they got me a dressing room within seconds upstairs in the mens department. The staff was really helpful and accommodating when I asked if they had a different size. I will certainly be back for some more clothes.
