5	So, we often find ourselves on the defensive when trying a new service provider and we were pleansantly surprised with Mark.He answers his own phone, was on time and educated us on our AC unit.  We've had two other companies over in the past couple of years and neither of them could tell us why our bedroom wasn't getting as cool.  Mark went up in the attic and saw that our "flex" wasn't hung properly and offered to fix it for a very reasonable price.What a positive experience and we look forward to seeing Mark next year, or if we ever need a repair.  Refreshing to find someone honest and hard working... what a concept huh?  It's also a bonus when we can help the mom and pop operations vs. the big businesses.
5	I called Mark in near panic at 6:30 pm the other night when I realized my A/C had gone out and the inside temp in my house was rising quickly.Mark was there within about an hour and was able to get the unit fixed promptly and at a great price. Mark was incredibly knowledgeable, he is a straight talker who doesn't give you the runaround and the best part is that my A/C unit is working to perfection.I won't call anyone else ever again for my A/C or heating repairs. Highly recommended.-M
5	Got A/C problems?  Call Mark's!  We had our A/C unit stop working on a 107 degree day, and they were able to get someone out within 2 hours and replaced a minor part.  Another company wanted to replace the compressor without looking at the unit!  I like prompt, clean, courteous service at a reasonable price.  You get all of that with Mark's.  Thanks Easton, Great Service!
5	Broken air conditioner and 100 degree heat. Called Mark at 7:15 am. At 8:00 am Easton rang the doorbell. He diagnosed and fixed the problem in less than half an hour. Boy, was I impressed! Prompt, courteous and effecient, can't get better than that. Now I know who to call for A/C and heating. What a relief. I definitely recommend Mark's!
5	Mark installed a new heating and air conditioning unit about a year and a half ago. When the unit had problems Mark stood behind his product and work and promptly remedied the problem. I would highly recommend Mark if you are in the market for heating and air conditioning work. It is rare to find someone in business today like Mark.
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!  Unlicensed with Az Registrar of Contractors!F Grade with BBB of Arizona ****BE CAREFUL***** While they first sound reasonable and honest, in actuality, they are not honest and UNlicensed!  In Dec. I  was not provided a receipt or warranty and repair was performed with USED parts!! After trying for months  the owner Mark won't return calls, provide a receipt or honor HIS OFFER to reimburse me regarding my used part. The day Mark did the work, he finished and stated he "forgot" his receipt book and would swing by later that afternoon with it. Never saw him again. I've even left vm messages w/my address and he won't take the time to mail a receipt! I'm guessing I may get one after the "warranty" period ends. Sadly he represented himself as a Christian business owner and i thought that would make him an honorable and trust-worthy businessman. There are other companies out there that will provide the same level of service w/out having to deal with a liar and thief.Go to www.azroc.gov to see license was revoked for this company. Licensed revoked Go to http://www.bbb.org/central-northern-western-arizona/business-reviews/air-conditioning-contractors-and-systems/mark-s-a-c-heating-service-in-phoenix-az-19006765/
5	AC crisis, Call Mark's AC! our motor burned out and we had NO idea who to call, quick check YELP and find someone fast. Mark was there in less than an hour, on a Saturday night! Flat rates, doubt if you can beat them. Oh my air conditioning is working now, finally the baby will SLEEP. Knowledgeable servicemen who take the extra time and energy to ensure satisfaction. We will sleep great, and a 1 year warranty on parts. A+ PS -thanks for the fan blade Mark.
5	Had a fire in the electric box next to a/c. Called Mark's. They came right away. The technician, Easton, spent an hour, answered all questions, was very helpful. He determined that the problem was not with the a/c and did not charge a dime.
3	Good work, good price. Great owner. Issues with punctuality and communication. This was a really tough review to write and I wish I could give different star values for different aspects of the business. I'm going to do my best just to stick to the facts here.Now for the details:We needed an estimate to replace all of the AC duct work in our crawl space. Had one estimate from another company and called Mark's after reading all of the positive Yelp reviews. Here's how it went down:Wednesday: Called around 3pm asking to set up an appointment for an estimate. Easton says he can come sometime before 5 that day to look things over. Receive another call at 5:30 saying it is very hot outside and he would rather come tomorrow morning instead. Make an appointment for 9 on Thursday. Thursday: Hubby called me at 10 asking if I had heard from them since no one had come or called. Called and Easton said they were running late but would be there by 11. He showed up at 12:30 without any additional notification (phone call, etc). Once he was actually on site, hubby liked Easton and the price was good enough that we decided to have the work done. Easton said he would call to schedule it. After a day of not hearing from them we called him and scheduled it for Monday. He said they would be there by 9 to start the job.Monday: Around 10:30, hubby called me to ask if I had heard from Easton, since they had not arrived. Remember, they were supposed to start a multi-hour job at 8am, and this is July in Phoenix- I doubt they were looking forward to being up in our crawl space come mid-afternoon. Called Easton and he said that they had had several emergency calls that morning and couldn't start as early as they wanted to so they pushed us to tomorrow instead. Without calling to let us know! When I asked why we had not been notified Easton replied that they did not have the invoice with our phone number! Now I understand that in Phoenix in the summer, a non-working air conditioner is an emergency situation and schedules change (I work by appointment, I get that). However, I don't understand why we weren't notified of the schedule change. When I asked this, Easton replied, "do you want us to do the job, or not? If you don't we can just not do it."At this point, we had only dealt with Easton. I asked him for Mark's phone number thinking that I might have better luck with him. Fortunately, I did. Mark was extremely understanding and apologetic. He asked when we wanted the job started on Tuesday (8am) then offered to come out with Easton and make sure everything was to our satisfaction.Tuesday: Phone call at 8:15 from Easton saying that they were running late and would be there shortly. I think they arrived around 9. Hubby says the work went according to plan, Mark showed up and was very apologetic, and it was all finished by about 1pm.When I got home later that day I was looking over the invoice and realized that they had only cleaned the inside coils, not the outer ones on the unit up on the roof. I called Mark to ask about it and he sent Easton out later that day to clean the outside coils as well.In the end, this is a good company that could be great with some improved communication and scheduling. Hubby says that before Easton left our place on Tuesday he heard him on the phone with another client who had called because he was late. He told her he would be there in another hour but that he had another visit or two ahead of her. It seems like he is trying to fit too many visits into too short of a time frame instead of scheduling more realistically.
5	An ancient compressor (Chrysler 1973) on my older A/C unit failed.  Mark came out in the evening and went straight to work diagnosing the failed part just to be sure it was dead.  He tested everything and indeed it was dead.  Every other contractor just looked at it and supposed it was dead.  Mark actually tested the power, grounds, caps etc.He gave me a very competitive written proposal for repairs.  In the end I used another provider due to a very long relationship with that person (but at a higher price).  I would use and recommend Mark again at any time.
5	Professional and quality service. Mark is very friendly and I will be using him again if needed in the future.
5	Mark came right away when i called on a Saturday and stayed until evening to fix my old unit.  I would definitely use him again.
5	Looking on yelp reviews is becoming increasing more important to the way we find businesses. We came home from work around nine at night last week to a house hotter on the inside than outside. We found mark on yelp and saw the open 24/7 so called and he was there in a half hour. Mark diagnosed and fixed the problem in under an hour for a fair price. We slept in a cool house and I couldn't be happier with the service! Thanks mark we will be calling you next year to service and tune up our ac.
1	If you are thinking of using this service I would advise you to try someone else. He comes off as honest and sincere when you first deal with him but once the product is in place her will ignore every call from you asking for service. I was duped by him on an AC unit and furnace. Now, I have to call another company for service because he will not answer his calls. He cannot be trusted, especially if you are a person of color, which I am not. I just listened to his and his helper gripe about "Ns" on welfare. Had to set them both straight on that account. But his personal politics, whether valid or not, are not my concern. Mark is not to be trusted. If you value your money, find another service person.I have already filed a complaint with the Attorney General's office, and I will also be contacting the Better Business Bureau and the state licensing board, if he even has a license. I have read on other reviews that he is using a stolen license and saying it is his. I believe that is illegal, and I truly hope this puts him behind bars where he belongs.
1	I am adding to my previous review. After several days of calling and leaving messages about the lack of air in my house I finally found Mark's email address and let him now how aggravated I was, first by the fact he didn't return my calls, then by the fact he blocked me from getting through. I then looked for an email address for him online and once I emailed and told him I would report him to the attorney general's office, he finally came out to my house. He said he never got any of my several messages but I phoned him while he stood at my door and let him listen to his own phone telling me the number was blocked. He then proceeded to act like a petulant child the entire time he was there, saying should just leave and not fix the air conditioner. He supposedly replaced a bad capacitor that he was carrying on his truck but he didn't have a machine to test the freon on levels. This is standard equipment in air conditioning repair. He had a capacitor for my specific unit but didn't have his freon tester. He said he would be back in a couple of days to check the freon level. Instead of returning he called me from an unavailable number and told me he was going to sure me for slander for giving him a bad review. SLANDER! He obviously has no idea what slander is, and he doesn't understand that it is my right to give my opinion of his horrible service. I have given Mark a chance to rectify the situation and he has refused, piling lie upon lie in an attempt to hide the fact he has cheated me by not keeping his contract with me and not honoring his commitment. This guy is in a customer service business and should do a better job of servicing his customers.Therefore, I have filed a complaint with the registrar of contractors who have informed me Mark doesn't have a license. The fact he doesn't have a license is not the issue here although you may want to take that into consideration before doing business with him. Unfortunately, I assumed he had a license because he was recommended to me, albeit by his [future] mother-in-law. I never asked him if he had one, and he never offered one either. However, it matters to the ROC when a person is operating without a license and then doesn't honor their commitments. I now have someone else coming to repair my broken air conditioner. Please be very careful before using this guy. He is, as far as I'm concerned, unscrupulous and dishonest. I look forward to working with the ROC to see to it he is rewarded justly for cheating me and being a total douche.
