5	I heard about the Fall Festival on Twitter since I follow Local First Arizona and thought that it sounded really cool and it was. We arrived a little after 1pm. I wish we had timed our day better and stopped by the Public Marketplace first since they're so close to each other. When we arrived, we stopped by a few booths until we figured out that we needed to purchase tickets to try the samples. I had a $5 on me so we got 5 sample tickets. Between 2 people, this was the perfect amount for us. Some vendors had lines but nothing too long. I got to try a lot of yummy things and got lots of free coupons to be able to try those places out. A lot of vendors were giving away freebies too. I got a lot of dog food/treats for the pup to take home for free. I think we spent about 2 hours walking around and stopping for samples. I wish there were more vendors, maybe next year! They also had a beer/wine garden but we didn't check it out.I highly recommend checking the Fall Festival out next year. It's budget friendly and you get to learn about a lot of local businesses.
4	This was alot of fun at the downtown location this year. There were a ton of local vendors and eateries. We purchased $10 worth of tickets (for the sampling) and my husband, 5 year old and I left with full bellies. Places I ate at were Spinatos, America's Taco Shop, Culinary Dropout (touting a new CenPho location soon), Nami (holy cow on the vegetarian "chicken" wings!), Urban Bakery, and two other places I can't remember the names. One had a delicious pumpkin soup....ah, so good. I really enjoyed and can't wait till next year!
5	I really enjoyed the Certified Local First Fall Festival. With about 30 + local vendors, restaurants, and shops you can feel good about spending your money with someone who lives just down the road from you. I always love to see local business doing well - and that's what I call 'Winning'.We sampled foods from Urban Cookies, Nami / Green, Culinary Dropout, Spinatos pizza, a few other random food stops of which I can't remember. Many samples were $1, some were $2, some spots even handed you a coupon or discount to come check out their full menu or local shop. I can't wait to join in the fun next year to see more locals doing what they do best, providing great service and personality to our local community!Happy Yelping Phoenix!
