3	Checked out Yococko to grab some food on Sunday. The place was absolutely heaving, and we were in a massive rush to get to see a show. We got our lunch, and we got to see our show, so happy days all round. Yocoko seems to me to be your typical noodle bar, with fast service and food, perhaps not with the quality of a five star restaurant, but it will be something that keeps you going. What I had was the seafood satay noodles and what I received was a barrel-load of noodles with a healthy enough portion of seafood and vegetables on top. I couldn't even finish half of my plate. It certainly kept me full til dinner. Would I call it top notch food? No, but it filled our bellies while we fought the Fringe crowds.
3	Places that aren't amazing for 100 Alex. Places that I'll probably go to all the time anyway for 200 Alex. I'm going to go ahead and admit straight out that it's only ok. I'd liken it to the laundry in your apartment building. Mine, at least. It makes my clothes smell a bit burnt and no matter which mode you put it on, the water's hot and it makes all your underwear pink. But it's in your apartment. You could go somewhere else, but you won't. Yocoko serves noodles (like it says it does). They're hot, they taste good and there's a shit ton of them. They skimp on the veggies, but I don't blame them... they're hard to find here. They also give you enough that you can eat mediocre noodles for two days. Here's the real kicker - YOU DON'T HAVE TO COOK. My suggestion. Order the dry noodles. Then order a sauce. But this food is better than a cheese sandwich, it's better than a Tesco bag of potatoes and it's better than a sleeve of McVities digestives... all of which I may have eaten for dinner if I hadn't gone here.
4	I have to stick up for Yocoko because I've been twice and loved it! Crispy fresh chilli beef strips followed by huge bowls of ramen with a mix of pork, seafood and veg - it's bright, tasty food, perfect for a healthy lunch when you're out shopping. . The staff were nice, the place was buzzing - I'll be back again soon. The only odd thing I noticed is that they give you a fork instead of chopsticks unless you ask - but they're lovely if you do ask!
1	I have been reading a number of reviews about Yocoko and am starting to feel that we got really unlucky.  Went there with the boy at the end of July and both got really bad food poisoining overnight.  I certainly won't go there again.
3	Good noodle bar. Filling dishes served in dishes reminiscent of timing Roman-style plunge pools. We summed it up: "we liked Yocoko. It accurately executes dishes, provides interesting plates of sustenance, and does so with an understated style. We'd go back and we'd even take people there, particularly if they're looking for a fast plate of tasty grub."
3	Hmmmmmm. That pretty much sums up how I felt after we left here, unsure, not entirely convinced, full and still with some coins in my purse!Damn, this place is properly student cheap. But then again what else would you expect with it being right next to the university. It ALWAYS seems busy, no matter what time or day I walk past but I can kinda see why. Big ass plates of filling, yummy noodles. Yes I probably could have quite easily made my vermicelli noodles with vegetables at home but why would I when they make them so much faster, and cheaper here!? Plus I don't have to do the washing up!? Would I eat here again, yes. I would maybe order something a bit more adventurous, although the whole mixing every kind of meat under the sun baffles me. And I want some of those salted edamame...... yum.
3	If I had even the slightest shred of self respect, I wouldn't come here. But I'm currently the duke, so make of that what you will . . .The service is terrible, the place is always cold and giving forks to Western-looking folks and chopsticks to Asian-looking people without giving you the choice is annoying. And just giving you one napkin. Is there a napkin shortage I haven't heard about? Just put the napkins and cutlery on the table and let us do it ourselves! That would mean fewer encounters for the rude staff to endure too. "One fork, one napkin and one menu," as John Lee Hooker didn't sing. Sort it out!So why do I go back? The food. Absolutely delicious. Under five pounds for a tasty stir fry or soup, with free green tea. Of course I always spend more as I can't resist the crispy chilli beef strips for a starter (see photos).It's just the kind of place that Edinburgh needed - no frills, cheap and cheerful noodle house in the centre of town. The menu is a crazy concoction of various Asian dishes, but it's better than Wagamama and half the price. The Singapore noodles (with the option of ho fun rather than vermicelli) are fantastic.I was going to give it 4 stars for the food, but last time I had to eat with my coat on because of the cold and one of the staff was incredibly rude (though the other was very nice). But I'll keep going back for the food . . .
1	Went here for luch today to try something new. The food is rotton. The juice is warm. No wonder it was so cheap.
4	Oh my. I just had a joygasm while scarfing down chicken ramen. That plate of food was seriously tasty, enough for two people and less than a fiver. Amazing! This is a cheap and cheerful place. No airs and graces. Tables are packed in, it's really busy and noisy and waiting staff are brisk. And yeah, there's the ridiculous chopstick thing...Worth it for the scran I just ate though. Will be back.
4	This would be normally a 3/5 rating for me, but it  has the best prices I have ever found to a noodle bar for huge plates and tasty food. The best options for a really cheap lunch/dinner that you can enjoy. I recommend its very nice spring rolls and the corn and chicken soup along with any cantonese style noodles. It also makes deliveries, which make me appreciate it even more. I should mention the the place is cold in the winter, confirming those reviewing it before. I still don't complain due to food quality and price. The waitresses are lazy and barely speak and understand english clearly, but I have been in much worse places in this aspect. I simple avoid tips and I am happy with that! :-).Edit: Now that I see my review being flagged on yelp, I wonder if no other people have faced the same difficulties while calling them on the phone to order or when they receive wrong place because of the waiters bad understanding.
4	A super quick biteA nice little noodle barLunch can be busy
3	I'm going to reiterate what everyone else said about Yocoko: good food, bad service. As an american studying in Edinburgh for the semester I'm always excited to try international food in the city. I came in around 4 for a late lunch after class and as everyone else said, the host kind of snubbed me. He wasnt outright rude but rather disinterested and quick. Also as others have said i was given a fork while two asian people sitting near me had chopsitcks.  I ordered the veg spring rolls and the sweet and sour chicken with fried rice. The spring rolls and chicken were both good but the fried rice was literally white rice tossed with fried egg. There was a ton of food too. Then came the weird part. The ENTIRE restaurant staff sat down at one of the tables and started eating. And this was with about four tables occupied in the restaurant. Now I get that they it was kind of between meals but to have no one running the restaurant just seemed crazy. It came to an awkward few minutes when myself and another patron were both finished eating and ready to pay and had to sit there and wait for someone to stop eating and notice us. It became even more awkward when two people entered the restaurant and the host got up with a mouth full of food to seat them.  This was totally bizarre to me.Anyway it only came to 7.80 for a soda an appetizer and an entree which to me is incredibly cheap. Regardless of the weirdness, on a student budget I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Yes it's freezing inside so you need to get your coat. And yes the waiters sometimes can mix your orders if you are not specific with the number.But they are also the noodles the Edinburgh deserves, the noodles you may not need right now. So you can rank them down, because they can take it. Because even though they are not perfect, they are there at late hours, they are inexpensive and they are tasty.. a cheap bite.
4	I'm going to give this place four stars because it's consistent. It's fast and definitely cheap. I work very near to this place and whenever I come I order the same dish - #40. It's a egg fried noodle dish, with veg, pork, and chillies. It's tasty. Once I ordered something else off the menu and I didn't like it. I've since proclaimed to never deviate from #40. Once thing to note is that the service isn't great. And yes like others, I hate that they don't offer me chop sticks either. However, this hasn't (and won't) stop me from not coming. I'll be back from lunch again in the near future!
1	Really bad experience. Food was full of oil and I got the vegetarian noodles with tofu - it was really hard to find the vegetables in the noodles!! Overly fried foods without taste. Won't go there again!! Ordered seaweed and it never came.
4	I concur with most reviews here and so I try to keep it short. It was my 4th time in 6 weeks that I went to this Noodle Bar. The highlights:1 - Price: Cheapest in central Edinburgh eg. Starter Chicen Wings + Noodle + coke was 10 Pounds2- Variety: Around 100 different items to choose from. Menu very organised and categorised, indicating which is spicy and which is veg and from which country each dish originates, and what type of pasta/rice they have, and if wet or dry, etc etc etc. - it's not that much a hit and miss as in other cuisines.  Btw, don't expect Pizza and Burgers though!3 - Speed of service: Drinks within a minute, Starter 5 mins, Main course 10mins (often I have not yet finished my starter, but I am not picky on this)4 - Location: Very central in South Bridge close to Biblos and Cow gate5 - Environment: Always with lots of people, if lucky you get the sofas6 - Food quality: Very delicious, all four times I was satisfied. Once I tried the chicken with Lemon Sauce - wonderful7 - Portions : Noodles, Rice, Pasta, etc abundant, very filling. 8 - Green tea free of charge (Never heard in Edinburgh!)What can be improvedThe service is not always 4-star and maybe the management needs to have more Scottish waiters (with that extra smile, and courtesy)  of get the asian ones (including the management) some tutorials of service for UK customers. They waiters seem to suffer with chaos-attack when there is a lot of people, kinda confused.  Don't expect a set table and for astrange reason the cutlery is always one napkin and one fork (where's the knife Bruce Lee?) It is a very popular Noodle Bar, and always full of people during peak hours and weekends (and fringe festival) so it is not forth-granted you find place to sit immediately.I haven't tried the heavy dishes (meat, fish, duck and set menus etc.) but I am quite sure that are also delicious.If they just improve the service and can find a way to make the place larger, it would have more five-stars. Highly recommended, I am going again to try a wet noodle dish (from what I've seen, the size of a face-washing basin/bowl!)
3	Been here a few times now & I'm not sure if it's the festival frenzy but I don't think it's as good as it was when it first opened. Yes, it's still cheap and the portions are big but the flavour seems to have gone downhill and the portions seem to be mostly noodles and rice and sauce and less meat/fish/veg. There's the service too, we ordered starters on my last visit that never came.  The drinks were wrong. It wasn't that busy either. I'll give them another shot but maybe I need to find another noodle bar...
3	Updated review: No matter how cheap this place is, the last time I visited it the food was much worse and for some reason they didn't accept cards (so we had to go by in the neighborhood to withdraw some money). Also the fact that they bring forks to caucasian people and chopsticks to asian people had become very bothering. Still the 3* for the good past experience but I was disappointed.
5	Great food and nice service!! Really recommended if you like Asian food. Tried wok noodle with chicken and bean sauce and it was simply delicious. Open until late so it's a good choice for a late night dinner.
5	Excellent taste. Not expensive. Cost-effective. I will recommend my friends to eat here.
4	So splendid. On Edinburgh's first fully snowy day I really felt to celebrate. This place is superb!!!  Starter squidMain. .... Japanese grill sea food. The red wine is ok!  The squid brilliant with hooootttt chili fresh sliced!!The grill fabby. Very very mild but nice. I held onto my chilis As I love Japanese food I would have loved sake. But it is more Chinese here.  Mmmm ...... Japanese grill availabe. Maybe manager can get sake in too please. I will return!Ps. My mains had fresh ginger!  It was perfect!!!
