4	This is a very consistent location. Some of the suburban ones can be hit or miss. Tried the new brisket sandwich at the suggestion of the server. Great choice! Toasted roll makes it! Also had my usual chili!
4	When I think primanti brothers I think of the original, in the strip district, with years of history behind it. Imagine my surprise when I came across a full fledged restaurant on Steubinville Pike...I thought ahh, another one to dot this city. But I was amazingly surprised at the full menu. Of course they serve the signature sandwich with the flies and cole slaw, but they also serve a colossal variety of pasta dishes, pizza, steaks, burgers etc. Upon finding this place I made the infamous Pittsburgh U-turn and went in for lunch. As a veg, I could have ordered a salad just to enjoy a meal. Talking to the very helpful, and beautiful waitress, Andrea, she suggested a pizza without cheese, loaded with veggies. So I ordered  a small (6 cut) with mushrooms, onions, peppers, and black olives. What a great idea, never thought of that. And it was really good. Excellent pizza crust, chewy, crunchy, and yeasty. Good sauce not too sour or sweet. The vegetable were crisp tender. Basically I was eating an open-faced veggie Stromboli without cheese. Andrea stopped by a few times to refill my lemonade, and asked how I liked her suggestion. I thoroughly enjoyed my veg pizza, I would suggest they get a veg cheese and put it on the menu! Looking around I saw people eating the lasagna which looked huge, someone ordered spaghetti and meatballs, that looked great too. It's great to see a Pittsburgh institute grow with the times, and offer great Italian food at good prices.
4	Been to Pittsburgh many, many times in the past, but have.......ready for this.........never been to Primanti Brothers.  Ever.  Any of them.  Even the Heinz Field location!  I know...I'm ashamed.  Anyway, went there twice on our most recent visit to the 'Burgh.  We ate dinner one night, and just a couple of nightcap drafts the following night.  The place was everything that I expected; decent food, cold beer, clean and staffed by friendly, helpful wait persons.  Had the pizza, some wings (garlic parmesan...yum!) and some beers.  Can't wait to return!
1	By far one of the worst Primanti Brothers locations around the burg..  The service behind the bar is so poor that I refuse to go back..  its not worth it... The female bartenders (that I have come across) are slow and rude and act like you are putting them out by asking for a drink.who needs that attitude..  not me.  I love spreading the word..  save some from the aggravation.  This is not one trip but several and wont go back.The moon township Primanti Brothers .. the service at that location is outstanding..  especially compared to the Robinson location.
4	I mean what else is there to say about this place that hasnt been covered???Their sandwiches are a meal packed between two pieces of amazingly fresh Itallian bread. The fish sandwich is my favorite and the steak is where I go when I wanna change things up! Service is great, food always comes out hot. This time I tried the chili......It was cool outside, so I figured why not.....Its def got some kick to it!!!This place defines the city it calls home to a "T"
4	I was just visiting Pittsburgh and I never been to the city before so I came here because everyone said that Primanti Brothers is a rite of passage.  So I went.HISTORY:  The original one is located in the Pittsburgh Strip District, a really busy area along with the Allegheny River which are dotted with warehouses and produce yards.  The owner, Joe Primanti, invented his famous sandwich during the Great Depression.  This spawned all kinds of sandwiches and the restaurant became a stop for late-night and early-morning workers.  For decades, it was a big food stop for truck drivers. Because they usually had to get their burgers or sandwiches to go, the restaurant started putting the fries inside the burgers and sandwiches so they can eat their entire meal with ease while driving. That eventually became their signature piece for all their sandwiches. Even though it's an eatery for all and is a foodery stop for everyone crazy about the Burgh, the original Primantis still keeps it's super large parking lot for truck drivers to make their routine stop for food. Pittsburgh is a working class city who loves (LOVES) their sports so Primanti Brothers is an insanely popular place to pre or post-game or to game-game while eating and drinking. It's now a chain that is all throughout the east coast but in Pittsburgh it's a staple.  Whenever TV stations (notably ESPN) do an expose on the city, Primanti Brothers is always mentioned, visited and spotlighted.FOOD: Heavy. They put their fries inside their burger. Um, I guess that's a novelty but conceptually it's like a turducken. Kind of too much.  But excess is the theme of all their signature burgers and sandwiches or you can custom-make your excess.  Add more fries, sauces, an egg, double up on meat, combine different kinds of meat.  Mention the word diet and everyone will look at you as if you're from California, which in this case, is true. But the restaurant, per their menu, states that their sandwiches are only the number 2 favorite.  The title of number one favorite goes to beer.  Not a particular kind.  Just beer in general.  Smile.SERVICE: Incredibly friendly and they love the question "What's your favorite?" to which the answer will, again, be beer.  Another smile.  Tell them you're new and just visiting Pittsburgh, they'll relish the opportunity to fill you in on not just the favorites of the menu but their personal favorites in the city at large.CONSENSUS:  Definitely not a place to eat if you're dieting, paleo or vegan unless it's a cheat day or you relapse into the world of meat.  But if you can appreciate the hearty sports bar fanfare, you'll find yourself at home here with your stomachs full.  The restaurant, itself, is very welcoming and the bar area is incredibly social, especially if there is a game playing.  As a visiter of the city as a whole, I don't know if this is characteristic to the restaurant or the city as a whole, but, regardless, I will swing by again when I have business in Pittsburg in the future.  I'll just make sure that it is also a cheat day.
1	I grew up eating Primantis before they sold out and franchised. Evidence of corporate takeover is everywhere at this location. When we got there I went to wash my hands. I was accompanied by a friendly but annoying fruit fly. The paper towel dispenser was empty so I dried my hands on my pants. Someone other than our server brought our sandwiches to our table. He tried to figure out which was which for a minute until we told him to just set them down and we'd figure it out. We also saw him stroll the length of the dining room with tray of food looking for its expectant diners. The fries on our sandwiches ranged in color from dark brown to black and in texture from crunchy to rock hard. And they were cold. We sent them back and they were replaced by acceptable ones. It's really sad that the Primanti Brothers once proud name is attached to a place that stinks of corporate greed and apathy.
