5	We moved to Urbana last year into a lovely old home that needed bathroom and kitchen updates. We decided on New Prairie to perform both bathroom remodeling projects, after seeing their good work at my sister's house and hearing others recommend them.  Our experience was outstanding! Jill and Julie are very customer-oriented and extremely competent.  They helped us flesh out the basic design, which was a great start.  Their crew did great work and the whole process was pleasant.  My husband picked out all these non-standard fixtures but they adapted beautifully to do the correct engineering to make it all work.  After the work was completed, we found one issue, which they came back right away and fixed for free. We look forward to working with them on our kitchen remodel this year.
1	Yikes!!!!  STAY AWAY FROM THIS CONTRACTOR.  We contracted with them to do a very simple job of installing trim on our kitchen cabinets.  However, when they were done they left a very large and unsightly gap at the top of the trim that was installed.  I was told this was due to the unevenness of the counter tops.  Normally, irregularities would be discovered and addressed when the field measurements are taken.  But apparently there were some miscalculations, so we ended up with the gap.  I offered to compromise and provide some additional trim to cover this gap in lieu of tearing out the newly installed trim and starting over.  Unfortunately, when I brought this proposal to New Prairie Construction's attention, I was told it would cost me over $200.00 to repair their mistake.  I'm unsure how this became my fault, but I'm very disappointed.In addition to the workmanship, we agreed to a not to exceed, time and materials contract.  However when I got the bill, it was hundreds of dollars in excess of their original not to exceed limit.  They eventually adjusted the bill, but it took several e-mails and discussions for then to own up to their mistake.
5	New Prairie was recently hired to do some remodeling on my bathroom. I was a bit wary at first, because I hadn't heard much about this contractor. Due to my line of work, I work with many contractors in the area and was not familiar with this company. To be honest, I was very worried about having strangers in the home I share with my teenage daughter and beloved pets, but I ended up being absolutely delighted with New Prairie Construction.NPC produced quality work (the bathroom looks and works better than I could've dreamed), but what impressed me the most was the customer service. Each employee I encountered was polite, prompt and communicated well. Though the work they were doing was quite messy, they never left without cleaning everything up the best they could (my OCD self was ever so grateful for this). I was relieved to see that they had taped a layer of paper over the connected, wood hallway floor to protect it from the migrating dust, scratches and from salty, wet boot tracks. I keep about a dozen pairs of my most used winter shoes/boots (I have a problem, I know)  lined up against the hallway wall. A few days after work started, I realized that one of them had to have moved all of the shoes off of the floor in order to put that paper down and then moved all of them back exactly as I had them. I hadn't thought to move them out of the way for them and would've understood if they threw them aside, but they didn't. I know it's a silly thing, but I thought that was a gesture that went over and beyond.I was especially impressed with the diligent work ethic one of the carpenters displayed. He walked several blocks to our home after a particularly bad snowstorm left him (and most of the community) snowed in. He knew my teenage daughter and I were going without a working tub/shower for over a week and didn't want to lose a day. I was truly floored by his kindness and thoughtfulness. I often read reviews, but have never felt compelled to write one myself until now. I have been singing their praises to my friends and co-workers and thought I'd take it a step further and let the community know what a phenomenal experience I had with them. I would definitely recommend NPC to any and everyone in need of a contractor.
5	We used New Prairie for two projects, one external repairs and one to installing a range hood. We were nothing but pleased with the company and the quality of work. We found New Prairie by far the most professional and easiest to deal with of all the construction firms we have done business with in the area. They are easy to communicate with, responsive, and their work is top quality. Highly recommended.
