4	I had read the previous review before heading along to International Starters but, as my friend had booked the meal, I was heading along there anyway. As Alice said, I think the principle of what is effectively international tapas is a great idea and, yes it was not the cheapest meal I've ever been for, but I had a really good meal and left feeling perfectly stuffed! There are a wide variety of different cuisines and the larger tables have lazy susan type things in them, making for easy sharing with groups. I tasted: haggis balls (very nice, I'd had something like this elsewhere and was really looking forward to trying them again!); meatballs - v.good and spicy; curly fries with bacon and cheese - normally I'm not a cheese on chips fan but these were really good; haggis, black pudding and a wee mushroom on a mini potato scone - not as good as the haggis balls actually but still tasty; wings of fire - these were ok, very spicy; I also ordered an indian-y thing that I cant really recall what it was called! Overall the food was excellent and I enjoyed being able to taste a variety of different things in the one meal.The restaurant itself had a nice atmosphere inside, service was sometimes a bit slow but the waitress remarked herself that she hadn't been expecting it to be that busy on a Sunday night ('twas the night after the marathon).
3	International Starters for lunch? Why, yes, and not that terrible an option. While it is never going to ascent to the gastronomic heights, whilst stalking Leith for a vegetarian 'light' breakfast, that I realised that it's actually really hard work... and it wasn't til we got to International Starters that I found something that was going to work for what I craved. Which was Greek mezze and salad. And the strangest tamales I have seen, but eh, they tasted just fine. 3 plates, and I was stuffed as stuffed could be, and that was with the boy dipping into mezze and the salad along the way. This was a lunch deal for ten quid and kept me going for the rest of the day. While I don't think I would rush back to IS soon, as looking at the rest of the menu did not particularly inspire me, it fit the requirements on a lazy Saturday afternoon.
5	Love this place. Been twice adn the service ahs been exemplary.Went with my husband who has a gluten intoelrance adn they ahve a separate menu!!! They took extra care to ensureanything we had was not contaminated and ensured we knew which dishes were gluten-free and which were not. Even offered tomake up a special dessert for my husband. The food is always good. The coconut chicken and quesadillas stood out the most. But everything was good. Highly recommend, especially if you are gluten-free
