4	I've got to tell you guys, I've never seen so many vitamins and nutritional supplements in one place before.  And I've been to a lot natural and whole food markets.  But other than that, they have pretty much what you would expect from a natural market, like organic mixes for soups and brownies and things, also frozen foods and drinks.  They also have organic skin care stuff that I must say leaves your skin lightly moisturized and not greasy.  So if you are vitamin deficient, give these friendly people a visit.
4	If I were rich, I'd spend a shocking amount of my money on natural foods and herbs and body cleansers and other organic happy hippy horseshit...Alas, I'm not, so I kind of wander around the Natural Marketplace wide-eyed as a kid in a toy store. The staff is friendly and helpful, and they have every natural remedy, vitamin, or herbal concoction you've ever wanted. I'm a fan of herbal teas, and they have a nice selection as well. It's way better than the GNC around the corner in the Arboretum.
4	A stockpile of every supplement under the sun? Yes.Super-smart, helpful if quirky staff? You bet.But also of note - a comprehensive collection of Gluten Free foodstuffs - bread mixes, pastas, fresh bread, frozen meals - curated very, very well. Take it from a gluten free chef nerd - they may not have quiiiite as much stuff as HHM but what they do have is the best of the best.
4	This little gem has been open in the Arbo for a long time (at least 15 years I think).  Even though they do not have the most extensive offerings available, I like to support them because they are a small independently owned shop.  Most of the time, the staff is super helpful and seems to know a lot about the various types of vitamins & supplements they sell. In addition to vitamins, herbal supplements, teas, and the like, they also have a decent selection of gluten free items, all natural baby supplies, natural cleaning supplies, natural beauty supplies, as well as natural dog and cat foods & treats. Of course, due to their small size, their overall grocery selection is more limited than what you can find at Earthfare or HHM, but if you are in the area and just need to pick up a couple of staples, this is a nice option.
5	This natural products store has been around for quite some time. At least over twenty years, servicing the southern and eastern areas of Charlotte. Not many food items here but some. What you will find the most of is nutritional supplements. A very good selection too. This place does big business with omega-3 fatty acid products. Another big seller here is pet foods; for both cats and dogs. The shining stars here are the owners and clerks. Very helpful and can answer any questions you have regarding nutritional supplements and pet foods. I find it conveniently located in the Arboretum just on the side facing Providence Road.
4	This is a nifty little jewel located in the arboretum shopping center. I am a die hard health food store nut. That being said they have a plethora of vitamins packed into this tiny shop. If you are looking for a diverse vitamin selection this is the place to checkout. If you plan to get your grocery shop on don't expect that here unless your list consists entirely of vitamins and food for fido. Please don't take this as negative you just need to know what to expect if this is your first time trip. I love this place for the homey feel, knowledgeable staff and large selection of supplements and I do mean large. Let me tell you I have burned some lunch hours gasp.. browsing the aisles. Simply a supplement gem to be discovered! They also have a great natural beauty product selection let your pocketbook or wallet be forewarned!
4	I love stopping here to pick up healthy supplies. I had a nice conversation with the owner and he's very knowledgeable and helpful in finding items anywhere in the store. It is definitely on the high quality=high prices but you know you're getting the best. They have Canidae dog food which is wonderful and my pet loves it. Organic coconut oil, ezekiel bread, essential oils, stevia, and so much more. You just have to come see it and pick up some things for your health.
2	I don't know if I can ever bring myself to go back to this place. I had to pick up some supplies the other day for some ongoing health issues I've been having. I'd only ever been into the store once before, so I was just walking around trying to familiarize myself with everything so that I finally knew where to look for what I was looking for. At one point an employee walked up to me and said "You have been here FOREVER!!!!" (I'd really only been there for about 10 minutes, but maybe she could have said it like it wasn't an inconvenience that I'd been there for a few minutes.) I said "I'm just looking for a few things and I don't really know what I'm looking for". I had a list with me from my doctor, so I told the woman what my doctor had suggested. She asked me "And what health problems are you having?" ...That was a very personal question that if I hadn't been okay talking to another woman about, I would have just told her to mind her own business. ...But hoping that the more detail I gave her, the better she'd be able to help me, I told her what unpleasant things I had been experiencing. She then looked at me with a disgusted look. ...Great, exactly what I was hoping she WOULDN'T do. She started handing me all these vitamins and supplements... that were not what my doctor was telling me about. So I said "I'm just looking for these few things" and she said "Well it looks like this is the aisle you want to be in. Here's another supplement" as she handed me yet another bottle. I said "What does this do?" and she said "I don't know, but it's the berry from the same tree as that thing in your hand that your doctor suggested. I don't even know what that's for." I thanked her, told her I found what I was looking for, and when she left me, I put literally everything back that she had handed me because there was no way I was going to buy all this unwanted/unneeded crap. As it was, I walked out of there after spending $100. I know vitamin shops can be expensive, but if I'm going to spend $100 on herbal remedies, they should at least pretend like my health problems aren't totally disgusting.
3	This place is strictly for supplements and the prices seemed high. They have a very limited selection of things like gluten free flours and nutritional bars  and read and many of those things were covered in dust because they obviously do not do a lot of business other than supplements.
