3	I understand a burger joint probably is likely not going to cater very well to a vegan, but the guys at work wanted to go. I had a Boca burger which was quite plain. Nothing special. The waitress worked hard to make sure the food I got was vegan so that is why the rating is so high comparatively to the rest of the experience.If you do eat meat you'll likely have a completely different impression of the place.
3	My wife complained earlier this year that we never ate fried food so the 1st Friday of every month is FRIEDay. So she chooses a friend food of her choice and we have that for dinner.  Its been KFC for the most part but she wanted to take a shot at fish and chips. We were at the Crown and Anchor not too long so a coworker informed me that RR had the best fish and chips he had ever had so I thought what the heck.I just picked it up to go but I was kinda surprised how packed the place was.  The menu is insanely unhealthy for the most part.  I hope families w/ kids don't come here too often.  The F&Cs were decent though..just about the same level as Crown and Anchor.  We also got some chicken fingers too which were just ok.  I can't imagine I would come here to eat again but I could see a lot of people enjoying this place.
5	Great burgers,appetizers and Drinks. We eat here regularly. The burgers are so big you can split one between 2 people & order an appetizer. The tower of Onion Rings is the BEST. Great service & fun atmosphere. Lots of booths and a BAR. Pleanty of Arcade games for the kids too. At this point & time THE BEST BURGERS IN VEGAS.
5	Today is the last day this location will be opened.We decided to pay a farewell visit to out favorite local burger spot because we will miss her sorely.We ordered Sandwiches all around. I had the 5-Alarm, the wife had NEW Prime Rib Dip on Ciabatta bread and the boy had the classic Red Robin Burger.The Prime Rib was so good I will be driving to Galleria Mall or Ann/95 to get another one.We collected a souvenir glass and shaker of Red Robin Seasoning.Farewell. You will be missed. And good luck to all the empoyees who served us well eVery visit.
