5	This was quite possibly the best doctors office visits I have ever had,  at least in the top 5.  The doctor is very experienced and knowledgeable. The staff is friendly, professional and helpful.   The office is very clean and organized and beautifully decorated.    This office also offers cosmetic procedures, but I went in to get a baseline on my moles, and the nurse and doctor gave me a thorough exam.  After, while checking out, I saw they also offer waxing, so I was able to have my brows done and Brenda did a beautiful job.  All in all, a great experience.
5	Super fast visit! The doctor was very knowledgeable and helpful. I wasn't waiting long at all, I was in & out of there within 25 minutes. The office is clean, nice decor & the staff was great. They also do facials there at really good prices, I'll try one of those on my next visit.
4	Dr Samlaska lacks some bedside manner but when it comes to dermatology he definitely knows his stuff.
1	I was seen by the PA and not the doctor about 5-6 months ago in this office and have waited to write my review.  I made an appointment because I had a rash all over my body due to an allergy to a medication.  The PA gave me a medication that made it worse and insisted on taking a skin sample of the rash.  The skin sample she said she needed to take was from  an area on my back I could barely see.  I asked if she would please take it from my leg instead as the rash was there too and she insisted she needed it from my back and she said my back would heal better.  I now have a permanent scar on my back where she took the skin sample, despite using scar creams and months of special bandages. Also, when I went in for my follow up appointment no one even bothered to tell me the results of the tests on the skin sample, thus making the whole process a waste.  I called my regular doctor and they called in a prescription for me that actually helped my rash, I wish I had done that first and not wasted my time with this office. If I could give zero stars I would, but this rating system doesn't seem to allow it.  Don't go to this office.
2	I went in for medication to help eliminate my pimples/acne. The PA gave me some samples but I was not seen by the doctor at all.
