4	I love this place. I came once a week for a network meeting when it was coffee island but now I find myself liking coffee again. They have a new house blend, great food, new menu and better hours. The staff makes you feel welcome.I only gave it 4 stars because they are still getting their feet underneath them and I know more changes are on the way and the place will be even better then. At that point I may need to write another review.Check it out I doubt you will be disappointed.
5	I started coming here once a week when it was Coffee Island, and it has gotten better since changing ownership. Don (the owner) is a great host. He really makes an effort to know his customers on a first name basis, which is nice to see from a coffee shop when so many chains are generic and less personal.The menu is great and has many tasty items to try. A personal recommendation I have is the Love Guru drink, a praline and hazelnut drink that provides the perfect mix of flavors.It's a great place to come once a week, and I would recommend Stella's to anyone looking for a different coffee experience
4	"Hey Stella!"  "Hey Stella!"  "Don't you ever leave me baby."I had to get the Tennessee Williams/Marlon Brando quote out of the air there before I could move on with the review.I tried Stella's with my daughter last weekend and it was good.  I'll definitely be keeping them in mind when I'm in the vicinity.Solid coffee, good lookin' pastries, friendly service, nice atmosphere. A winner.  Or should I say "winnah" since the owner I met, Don, moved here from the Boston area like I did.  Chowdahheads can spot each other easily.
5	I had a little business meeting there today and I'm not a coffee drinker so Don said he would fix me up something. He was going to make me an Arnold Palmer. Oh No!I've only had one Arnold Palmer before and it was nasty. That's where you mix iced tea with Lemonade. Well I was going to be polite to Don and drink this down weather I liked it or not. It was delicious. I'm going back Saturday for a refill. They have a lot of good stuff there I have yet to try, such as bagels and danishes and other sweet coffee drinks I would probably like if I'd try. Thanks Don and good luck with the Coffee House
2	I'm sad to give my first experiene here two stars.  I will be back so that I can try it again on a better day.I came here after driving past the Starbucks and finding it to be too busy.  I also wanted to show off a local business to my inlaws, who are moving to the Islands shortly.It was a Saturday morning, and only one person was working.  I assume it was the owner.  He was quite flustered and busy.  It took quite a long time to take our order because he had to cook some stuff for another customer.  Besides for the tough customer service experience, the coffee was quite good, and my egg and cheese crissont was awesome with the chili mayo.  We'll give it another try sometime soon and hopefully he'll find some help.
4	Have been with a networking group for over a year, we were meeting at Brunchies in Chandler, but the management did not want to support our group anymore.  So we have relocated to another family owned establishment, where the (Quick Breakfast) is great and the coffee is divine... So Come support this local beanery for fresh roasted coffee and great  networking each Thursday Morning form 8 to 9... They also have FREE Wi-Fi for those entrepreneurs who need access and a cup while they work.
5	Love Stella's Sweet Angel Tea!  Delicious and refreshing.  It has pomegrante juice and orange juice which I find pretty creative.  Another thing I love about Stella's is they always have the best jams on whether its on the sound system or live.  I'm going tonight for open mic comedy hour!
5	Stella's is one of my favorite local coffee shops.  The coffee is local, tastes fantastic.  The food, particularly at lunch, is well worth it.
4	Solid experience.  I am somewhat of a regular here (once a week, or so).  Good coffee, good service, good wifi.  I would give it five stars, but it's just a tad too warm inside.  They're a little stingy on the AC.  This is why I go to Starbucks most of the time.
5	I said I would give it 5 stars when the AC situation changed, and it did!  Now, it's the place to be.  Glad I don't have to go back to the 'bux.
4	Stumbled upon this cute little spot by accident but was really glad I did!  The atmosphere was fun/friendly and had that "Cheers" where-everybody-knows-your-name vibe.  The coffee was tasty and it was nice to change it up from the chain-gang of Starbucks!  Definitely give them a try - I will be back!  I want to try more things (food/drink) before I go the full 5-Stars.
4	I rediscovered this coffee shop and found that has changed ownership.  I was excited to find another coffee shop that is open later hours (Thursday and Friday).Their crew is really friendly and helpful.  Although I stopped in for a late lunch, I'll definitely be back to try their coffee, if it is good I'll likely add another star and become a new regular!
