5	I make it to all of the major rock n roll wine events throughout the year for the past 3 years. Not only do i enjoy tasting & finding new and old favorites alike, but the music really "rocks" the atmosphere! I know whenever there is an event I'm likely to meet new friends and strike up great conversation throughout the evening. RnR is definetly one of my favorite pastimes!
5	I love wine. I love rock and roll. Rock and Roll Wine is one of the best on-going events in Las Vegas in my opinion. I was introduced to them through Yelp events and I have gone back numerous times since. I saw one of my very, very favorite bands at a Rock and Roll Wine event (OK Go). Plus RnRwine introduces me to new venues I have never been to in Las Vegas and may not have gone to otherwise.Even if you don't like wine I think the concerts are worth it. Plus the wines are typically very good wines. At  the last event I went to at Hostile Grape I had one of the best red wines I've ever had in my entire life. I swear it to be true!I am very excited for the Amplified concert featuring Train at Mandalay Beach next month! Oh and on top of all this, Chris Hammond, the President is a very cool guy. I won tickets to the Amplified event and he was very courteous and quick about getting me my tickets. :)
2	12/29/11.I probably should rate with one star, but at least the organizer TRIES, by providing free wine and service.I have attended quite a few of the weekly Thursday events. Each Thursday the organizer selects a different venue (he's picked one venue twice, since I've started going), provides his own 2 wines (a red blend and a white blend, both quite good), and the venue usually will create/provide especially priced bites to eat. So far, UNTIL tonight, all has been quite good.Tonight I went because (1) the chosen venue this evening was very close to my condo (2) since the venue, the Ovation Room inside Green Valley Ranch Resort, does not have food to provide, there was an offer of 15% off dining at ANY of the restaurants within Green Valley Ranch Resort if you show the wristband provided by Rock N Roll Wine.Well, we tried to use the 15% discount at Hank's Fine Steaks & Martinis. The "suit" there told us that Stations Casinos had NOT authorized the 15% being offered by Rock N Roll Wine. (See my separate Yelp review of them. I'll never return to another Stations Casino ANYTHING. I'm done with them.)And if you go to the Rock N Roll Wine Facebook page, you'll see a few other attendees who attempted to use their 15% discount, to similar response from GVR management.So I think I'm done with RNR Wine. Until things change.
5	If you've taken the time to read the other reviews of Rock n Roll Wine it is evident that this is a great organization that puts on some of the biggest/ best events in town. The concept is so simple yet it works so well. Bring together excellent wines, great bands and world class venues to create an unforgettable experience for the customer. The owners, Chris and Sonny, are great people who have developed an outstanding product. But the "wine" part of Rock n Roll Wine has two parts; the wine events and the wines that Rock n Roll Wine produces. Instead of reviewing the shows/ tastings I would like to concentrate on RnR's two offerings; Grotto and Rhapsody.  Because I am a red wine drinker I'll start with Grotto. Grotto is a red blend made with grapes sourced from the Napa Valley. It's definitely fruit-forward, with an excellent body and just enough spice to keep it interesting. Grotto is a great wine to have at the dinner table especially at barbeque time if you're sitting down to a nice steak, ribs or smoked brisket. At under $20 a bottle this wine is a great everyday wine that won't break the bank while still offering maximum enjoyment.  Rhapsody is Rock n Roll Wines white wine and as whites go it is pretty good. For me Rhapsody is one of the few whites that I truly enjoy drinking. It has a very aromatic citrus bouquet with a hint of floral essence in the background. Rhapsody is fairly light on the palette with just enough sweetness from the Riesling that is part of the mix. Whenever I have friends over that drinks whites Rhapsody is my go-to wine and it is always a hit. Rhapsody is also priced under $20 and is a bargain at that price. One more tip about Rhapsody; it's a great wine to cook with. I do a lot of cooking and I was told years ago by a chef friend of mine "never cook with a wine you won't drink"! Well I sure as hell won't drink that salty cooking wine crap they sell at the store, so I start using Rhapsody and it works quite well.  If you haven't checked out an RnR Wine event yet, be sure to hit one soon. The Friday shows at The Hostile Grape are always a good time, but more importantly check out their wines. You won't regret it!
5	Premier wine and music events in Vegas.  Awesome Annual and weekly events, for the true winelover that likes a little cymbal and bells with there red and white...amazing guys that run it, great group of hot girls and guys.  Single city Vegas!5star all day long...
5	Another top Rock N Roll Wine event put togeher by Chris and Sonny. The Palms pool and catering gave the perfect background for the Reggae Pool Party last night. Besides the endless serving of wine for all taste and preferrence this year they added Grand Marnier who served some super delish cocktails. If you are in Vegas during these events make them a must attend. Check their web site for weekly free offering onThursdays.
