3	On an early Saturday evening the restaurant wasn't crowded but as time went by the noise level increased a few decibels as families with children started to arrive.  We had asked to be seated close to the door in view of the big screen TV showing the Olympics but the ambient noise level became barely  tolerable as the kids behind us squirmed to be seated.  The good news was Sam Adams on tap plus finally, a restaurant with lettuce wraps appetizers with more than enough lettuce to cover the minced chicken, Shitake mushrooms, water chestnuts and green onions in a soy ginger sauce.  Most of the time more lettuce is needed and one has to wait for more.  In terms of lettuce wraps, PF Changs does a better job but as I say there was more than enough lettuce.Normally, we order one of the thin and crispy Neapolitan pizzas such as the classic Margherita but this time broke ranks for the "new" pizza called Pear & Gorgonzola.  The ingredients (caramelized pears, Gorgonzola, Fontina and Mozzarella cheeses, caramelized sweet onions and chopped hazelnuts) sounded different and inviting.  Indeed it was different from the usual fare and quite a mixture of tastes with some crunch and caramelization flavors.  It was somewhat of a surprise to have it topped with field greens tossed in a house Gorgonzola ranch dressing.  Thumbs up for the pizza and neutral to negative for the field greens topping.  If there had been a choice of toppings another would have been ordered.Next time I would request a quieter portion of the restaurant away from the front door.
5	THAI CRUNCH SALAD!I have a serious obsession with their Thai Crunch Salad and for that- this place gets all the points in the world.  I've tried their pizzas and always enjoyed them as well.   I enjoy their beer selection- they have great, large frosted glasses.  The staff is always quick and fun and the price is right for what you get.  This is a perfect place for lunch.  A lot of school groups and families with little kids come here, but as long as you don't sit near them, you'll have a great time.  Ah!  I love the Thai Crunch Salad!  Go today and try it!
3	A good place to eat.  Nice soups, good salads, creative pizzas.
4	We live close so we eat here ALL the time.  Based on over 10 years experience (i call this my second kitchen) the food here is great.  I honestly can't tell you one thing that hasn't been delicious.  Service at take-out is always great.  Eating at the bar is super fast (they can't ignore you cause you're right in their face).  My kids like sitting there cause you can watch them all cook and scamper around the kitchen. When we've dined in the waiters have been very attentive and friendly.  I have had a few instances over the years where service was a little slow, but it's certainly the exception to the rule.  Great for lunch or dinner.  This is not a place for date night.  Super kid friendly, and the kids won't be ordering chicken nuggets....AGAIN....
4	I feel deprived if I go and don't get the Thai chicken pizza but lately I have been brave and tried some new dishes. (then I get my pizza to take home) The Ginger salmon is excellent. The miso salad is also yummy. Tonight I'm having the Greek pizza. My husband always enjoys the meat cravers pizza and my son gets the other salmon dish they have. He loves the little lemon "bra" they put on the plate so you don't squeeze seeds all over your meal. Plus the sourdough bread is great too.
5	I love the wide menu selections and the non-traditional, Cali-inspired pizzas. I've had several dishes at CPK and they've all been good. My fave dish has to be this roasted garlic pasta dish. I can't remember what it's called exactly as it's been a while. It's basically a white, creamy pasta dish with roasted garlic, mushrooms, cheese, optional shrimp and another optional ingredient.  I always requested the shrimp.  I'm not sure CPK still serves this dish as I don't see it on their online menu anymore, but it tasted amazing. A shame if they don't have it anymore. It was so good that I attempted to make it at home. My home version was really good, but roasting the garlic takes a lot of time and effort. I wouldn't want to attempt to make it again because of all of the work involved.My other fave, which CPK does still serve, is the Maui Punch. It is a combination of orange, pineapple, and a touch of grenadine. Again, I attempted to make a version of this at home. A restaurant receives the highest compliment from me whenever they can inspire me to imitate their dishes at home.My review so far really applies to any CPK that I've visited, but the one thing that this particular CPK has that sets it apart from the others in The Valley of the Sun is the patio area. It's a great area to hang out in during the cool weather months because that's the time they open up their french doors to let our fabulous winter weather in. This is a feature not common here in the desert, but you may run across in cities located on the coasts. It really makes your surroundings feel really fresh and invigorating.
2	Wednesday night and we had about a 10 minute wait which wasn't too bad. For our family of six, a restaurant must provide good value for the money. The food was fine enough but over $40 for pizza (only 4 of us ate) is a lot. I had not been to a CPK in over 15 years and now I remember why. We have had way better pizza around Phoenix and I think independently owned restaurants are better than chains. I like to cook a lot and don't like to go out and pay a lot for food that's easily replicated at home.   I gave 3 stars because the pizza was decent and the atmosphere is neat, with the windows thrown open. The crust is missing that yeasty, homemade smell and taste I love. If I go back I might try the Thai salad or something different. This is simply not a good place to feed a hungry family.
4	The service was fast and friendly. The new menu items were pretty good. I enjoy the Baja Fish tacos and was happy to find that the new Carnitas tacos were just as good.
4	We have come to this CPK for several years and the food has been generally good. The only negative for us is that it sometimes feels and looks like they're understaffed, not that you could tell by the wait staff running around. The service is fast and efficient. We have ordered most items on the menu, but we come here mainly when we have the taste for a chopped chicken salad or the Sante Fe pizza -- which are great!Enjoy!
4	First off, I would like to thank our waitress for dealing with my pain in the ass family. My family insists on switching tables, placing soup orders when asked what drinks we want, tasting each others drinks/soup and then bugging the waitress to add another to the order. The waitress very calmly put up with all these shaninigans.We tried a soup to start off with. I believe it was called sedona. If you have ever tasted the smart ones frozen meal "sante fe style rice and beans", it actually tasted like that but in soup format. sounds weird---but was very tasty. We split 3 different pizzas. All were good but I will list them in order of how good:1. Roasted Garlic Chicken Pizza2. Thai Chicken Pizza3. Margarita PizzaWould definitely recommend this restaurant to fellow yelpers and friends!
4	Been here a few times with my dad a few times and the food as well have the staff have been great both every time.  Salad or pizza, I've yet to go wrong.
2	I've never been to a Ca. Pizza Kitchen so wasn't sure what to expect.  Not much, as it turns out.  The prices, particularly the wine prices, are unreasonably high, even when compared to other fine restaurants in Scottsdale.  The waiter brought us some bread before our meal which was cold with little pre-wrapped packets of butter.  Our appetizer, California rolls, tasted like it came out of a frozen food box.  My pizza smelled good, looked good but was bland.  My wife's salad was delivered without any dressing and the waiter disappeared and didn't reappear until several minutes later.  Overall, a pretty forgettable and unreasonably expensive experience.
3	Great salads!
4	My wife and I love CPK. The only downside to the place is that there is no location in Prescott, AZ metro.Our favorites are the Kung Pao Spaghetti and the Jumbalaya Fettuccine.Service at the North Scottsdale location was slow and lackluster. We much prefer the Biltmore Fashion Park and Tucson locations.
4	My wife and kids like CPK so it is a frequent stop for us. The service and food are always consistent making it nice.
1	We have eaten at this restaurant in the past, but today was a miss. My husbands glass had a crack that went all the way around. The Chicken Piccata was cold, the Meat Lovers Pizza was chewy and non inspiring. The silverware was wrapped in paper napkins that had food stains and food particles on them.Service was intermittent and the whole experience flat. I do not think we will be visiting this restaurant again anytime soon. There are too many restaurant choices in Scottsdale for a restaurant to offer this low level of service and poor quality food for me to have to choose to eat there again.
5	My boyfriend has the BBQ Chicken pizza and I had the macn cheese bites. Since it was our first time here the manager personally came over to greet us and offered to pay for my mac n cheese bites. Super nice place and the waitress was on top of everything.
5	Their pizza is consistently unique and very good.  Their staff is rarely ever anything but attentive and nice.  Big props to Nicole who was awesome as a server today!
5	Big fan of the Hawaiian BBQ Chicken Pizza (I order with no onion and no cilantro but I add Bacon) .   Some times I get the baja chicken spring rolls and today i ordered the Mac n cheese!
2	Second night in Scottsdale.  Walked across the street from the Hampton Inn.  Convenient but won't go back.I had a pizza with the Gluten Free dough.  I guess that was my fault.  It was doughy and undercooked with no flavor.  If I go to any CPK again I won't order that.  My biggest complaint was the bar service.  I sat right across from the bar service.  I ordered a full glass of Cabernet.  The waitress (who was very polite and sweet) delivered it with a smile.  I stopped her and explained that I had ordered a full glass, not a half glass.  She apologized and said it was a full glass but it would show up as two 1/2 glasses on my bill.  (my suspicious mind begins).  I'm watching the bartender.  he's making two strawberry Martguerita's or daiquiris.  He pours them out and one comes up very short.  So, instead of adding a little more alcohot and giving it another shake, he holds the glass under the sink and tops it off with tap water.  I stared at him and shook my head and he ignored me.The food is mediocre and you should not order any drinks from here.
5	We had a group of 30 loud, obnoxious, and hungry girls who had just finished a dance audition. We needed some carbs ASAP! As soon as we came in we were greeted with a smile and accommodated immediately! Service was awesome, especially considering we had such a large group. Every order came out as ordered and tasted amazing.  Brittany was a great server and so sweet! At the end of our meal management even went so far as to serve up complimentary red velvet cake as a congratulations!  All in all, we had a perfect lunch at CPK and were completely blown away! Thank you!!!
4	Early dinner before the Chaparral High School football game.  Got right in with no problems, well I guess so, it was 5:30.  Our server was very sweet, she asked if we wanted a sample of Pinot Noir. We didn't.  She gave me a good recommendation for wine and she was very personable and seemed to enjoy her job.  So nice to see happy employees!  My dad knew what he wanted, he orders it everytime, the chicken tequila fettichini with extra limes.  I usually do a pizza but splurged and went for the pesto cream penne.  I enjoyed it but I was confused with them calling it pesto. I didn't see much if any pesto. And the cream sauce was hardly there the penne was dry on the top. It looked like the sauce was not mixed in with the pasta.  Some of the penne tasted undercooked.  Overall, the dish was ok. Probably won't order it again.  Might just stick with the pizza next time.
3	First time at CPK tonight. Ordered drinks and got menus. Server was a bit hazy on specialty beers available but was speedy at this point. I ordered a pizza but had a change to make on it: I wanted thin crust toppings on a regular crust. He said no prob. My daughter ordered the spinach and artichoke thin crust pie while her boyfriend got the spaghetti bolognese. Spaghetti was fairly bland, pretty much due to a non-aggressive chef choices.  The spinach and artichoke pizza was very good with a crisp crust and ample toppings. The meat lovers had really good toppings but the crust?  It looked like they tacked a ring of dough onto a thin crust pizza. Some of you like thin crust but not me. Don't want my toppings on a saline cracker. Service, while very pleasant, was sporadic. When he arrived, he was good. When he wasn't there, he was gone a long time. At one point I even asked if he had left for the night. I'll try CPK again but not the pizza. I really dislike thin crust pizza. For you fans of that: go!
1	Disgusting.  I thought I liked this place but I haven't been in years and boy was I wrong.  The service was terrible, my food was luke warm and I had to send my pizza back.  Jamaican Jerk was what I ordered and it was really sweet and odd tasting.  When I finally got my new pizza, which still was not great, the server didn't come to check on us and brought the check charging us for BOTH pizzas!  He was rude and veryunfriendly the entire time so asked to speak to the manager.  We didn't say anything about the service we just asked them to remove one of the pizzas as we sent back one.  Two hours of my life I can never get back. What a waste.  Bad food bad service.
3	I was just wondering what was going on at a place I used to go to once in a while - California Pizza Kitchens - so my wife and I decided to visit the one near our home.  It looked just like we remembered it.  The food was just like we remembered it.  The service was the same.  Everything was almost the same except there weren't as many customers as we used to see.Like all of us, I'm afraid, CPK is aging.  Almost every self-respecting pizza joint today offers pizzas made with fresh mozzarella, at least as an option.  Not CPK. And floppy or soggy crusts are no longer acceptable.  That's the problem at CPK - they have not kept up with the overall rise in quality of restaurants that has occurred in the last 10 years.They do have a few new "small plates", but half of them are just miniature pizzas.  The asparagras and arugula salad was good, however.  Other than that, there is little that is new and little that is above average.  CPK has become boring, kind of like this review.  Too bad.
1	EXTREMELY disappointed with this CPK. I used to love the chicken ceaser sandwich. Even though they discontinued the sandwich I called in to see if they could still make it on different bread. When I called in, the lady that picked up said they could make it on a ciabatta bread. I then drove 15 minuets to enjoy this meal, and when I got there they proceed to tell me that there is no way that they could make the sandwich. NEVER GOING BACK
2	Pizza should be eaten with hands. When one bites into a slice, the cheese should stretch and form strings until one puts the remainder of the slice back on to the plate.  Nah, CKP may be trendy, modernized, but genuine pizza it's not.Service was above average although I had to flag down our server. Would I visit there again? Yes, if I wanted to fuse Italian pizza with Chinese chicken salad and Mexican tortilla soup!
1	11pm is closing time.  My wife and I walked in last night at 1030pm to find everyone more focused on closing up for the night than greeting a customer.  Cooks were standing on counters cleaning the air filters above the stove it looked like.  Not a very sanitary vision.  No manager, no hostess, no servers in sight...  someone saw us from across the dining room (had a tie on) and completely ignored us.  Probably was thankful that we turned around and walked out the door.  Well that's worth 1 star in my opinion.
3	Went to CPK tonight after a long absence.  Glad to say that it is still a fresh, clean and attractive place.  The staff are very friendly and accommodating.  But enough with the small stuff, what about the food?Let's begin with the pear gorgonzola pizza.  It was outstanding.  Really delicious.  We will go back for that, for sure.  We also split the Moroccan chicken salad.  It was fine.  A little light on the salad dressing for my personal taste, but a request for additional dressing brought some more in a flash.One thing puzzled me a little, though.  Everything on the food menu and on the drinks menu had a price except the cocktails.  Why??? Who knows.  Maybe they're free (no, not really).  Anyway, except for the fact that they hide the prices of the cocktails, we had an enjoyable time and a really terrific pizza.
4	Thai crunch salad is pretty good and the artichoke dip is pretty good as well. Give them a try if your in the neighborhood.
4	Who doesn't love CPK? Their craft is a good and reliable as any other family chain.  My review is mainly in regards to my interaction with Tony the manager. He was a dream, helpful, friendly, and outgoing.  I walked to this CPK near my house and I sat at the bar by myself after a long Friday at work, I was hungry and needing a cocktail. Tony suggested a cocktail consisting of tequila and fresh strawberries..... yum!We had good banter for a while, I had a shot of tequila before my walk home and happily took my dinner home to enjoy.
5	Atmosphere is awesome, service is excellent.  The thai salad is my favorite,  I order it almost daily on my way home! The peanut dressing is so good, I could drink it. I also love the drive up take out service,  makes it so much easier!
2	Less than ideal. We came here before a movie and were seated on the outside patio. Guess they are conserving electricity because it is so dark that I can't even see my food!! I will have to think twice about coming back here.
