1	DON'T go here. I went in because my car was making a grinding noise when coming to a stop.  I took it in and they said "my calipers needed to be replaced or resurfaced (I don't exactly remember), brakes etc etc."Cost 400 and something dollars.  I said okay I will be back.  He then says "you know if you keep driving your car it can be dangerous." Okay?  So I take it somewhere else and they said "we just need to replace your front breaks and the rotors.  I said, "Are you sure?"  Are my calipers okay?  They said yeah perfectly fine.  WHAT THE!!!! Please if you decide to do business with them GET A SECOND opinion I'm glad I did.  As soon as I get home from getting my car fixed I received a voice mail from the guy at Just brakes saying "hi it's so and so just wanted to tell you if you just want to replace your brakes and you can get your calipers done at a later time we are running that $99 special just come by." Hahaha is he serious?
1	They DO NOT do a good job here at all!!!waste of money and time I literally had to go back like 10 times and their like it's not squeaking blah blah come back when it's squeaking now my brakes sound even moreeee horrible worser than before when I took it in just for squeaking then they over charged me and it started doing grinding noise now I have to go to another place hopefully better professionals I REPEAT DO NOT COME HERE TOTAL RIP OFF!!!and people who work here don't look professional bunch of crackhead rips offs !!
5	I came in for a squealing brakes problem. So I went in and they test drove my car and cone to find out i disnt need new pads loke the delawrship said. Karl and his crew fixed what was needed and didn't have to buy new pads. They sanded out what the dealership called  "old" --which has 80% left...Really good people here. Didn't even charge me!
5	After car dying on Craig yesterday I was recommended to me bye Walmart after my fun filled event of stalling first time ever and low on cash due to rent etc they have been amazing talk to Mike gm or any staff member very helpful Walmart was a little confused as what I needed they offered free engine check here and pin pointed was new battery after nearly 3 years time.for new. Anyways staff very nice and store.prices are really good
