1	I have a love-hate relationship with the Mesa Community Restaurant. I love the decor and the owner, Spiro. But I just hate the food.It's a free-standing building just off Country Club, with parking on the street or beside/behind the building. Parking is never an issue. Inside, you'll find every color imaginable, with a heavy dose of teal. The plexi windows that enclosed the old smoking room have painted on Christmas decorations even in July, and there is an assortment of random photographs and prints on the walls.The food is Denny's or worse. Pastas are watery, burgers are uninspired, and hashbrowns are underdone. It's never that busy here, not that I'm surprised.The wait staff here is not great. I like to sit at the counter and watch people, and I've actually seen a waitress grab a handful of ice from the ice chest and drop it into a glass for a customer (right under the use the scoop or get fired sign!).But Spiro's a gem. If you decide to stop in, be sure to spend a few minutes chatting with him. Just don't get your hopes up with the food.
4	I don't know why the other reviewer only gave this place one star after basically saying she likes it.  Today was the second time I've been here and both times it was perfectly good.  I've had good food and good service, the tables are clean, the atmosphere is very interesting with old photos of actors all over the walls.  The pictures are not "random" but follow an old movies theme.  I don't remember what I had before (last summer) and don't see a picture on file so I probably forgot to take one.  I think I had fried chicken.  Whatever it was it was good, I remember that.  Today I got a lunch special of ham salad sandwich, something you don't find most places, with soup and coleslaw. The split pea soup was wonderful, not too salty like many places, so thick you could eat it with a fork, and full of chunks of ham.  The ham salad was meaty and tender with just the right amount of mayo.  The coleslaw had good flavor, too.  The waitress was attentive and I picked up a real atmosphere of cheerfulness and comradery listening to the waitresses and cooks talking with each other.  I didn't feel rushed either and was able to post my pics and write this review after finishing my lunch.  Now that they are open later (winters hours) I will try and get back before I leave town.12/17/10 Mini-update: I finally remembered it was catfish I had my first time here and it was very good.  My most recent visit I had a dinner special (they always have several) of chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans and Veggie cabbage soup.  All were very good.  Their soups are homemade and you can tell by the rich broth.  One con:  I tried to come here a couple of nights ago and even though I was told they are open till 8:30pm in the winter, backed up by the sign outside, at 8:05pm they were closed with the door locked.  Me disappointed.  Especially since the first place I tried to go to was out of business, as was the place I tried after this one and I was on my fourth restaurant before I found a place to eat.
4	I used to live down the street and their all you can eat fish on wednesday and friday nights is wonderful.  The all you can each chicken on the weekends is also wonderful.   I've gone back over and over again.  Now I live on the other side of town and will still drive the distance for the great all you can eat specials.  1 bad thing about this place is the hours as it's not open most nights.
5	Ive been coming here way before i could remember. The staff has always been nice and the food is AWESOME!! they have authentic mexican food, greek food and of course the great american food. the prices are great and the old owner would always go around the restaurant talking to all his guests, he always made us feel so welcomed!! i know they have new owners so i'm not entirely sure if it will be just as good as it was before.
3	Good food! Dark, a little cramped, in the atmosphere department! Older, so booths, chairs, tables all have seen better days!
4	Food and Service wad  very good.  I had the lunch special 1/2 lasagne 1/2 spaghetti with salad and garlic bread.Atmosphere:  Carpet stained and old. Nice family restaurant.
4	I go here for lunch every once in a while.. Its basically what you'd expect from a diner type restaurant in this part of town.  The food has always been good for what it is.. The service has always been good, and the prices are pretty good.  Its not 5 star dining by any means, but for what it is, its good.  They have improved the decor since management has changed.  Still not fancy or anything, but its not terrible.  Last few times I've gone in there they've kept it on CMT on the TV.. which I'm not a big fan of... But at least they have something on.  Anyway, I like it for the most part.. I'll have to stop in for breakfast of the fish fry sometime..
4	Old spot, I mean REALLY old, still having that look like time stood still here since the '70s.  The decor (including the lifesized cardboard John Wayne) is super rustic.The food is truly home-cookin'.  There's nothing fancy about it really at all but it will fill you up nice.  You kind of get the feeling like someone's mom cooked it up just for you right there.It's decent--with a surprisingly large selection of food from burgers to Mexican to fish to breakfast available anytime.  Nice service.If you're driving down the road, and you're looking this spot up to see if it's any good, you can rest assured from me that it's fine for you or your family.  Nothing's wrong with a good, cheap bite--if you are of the same mind, you'd like this place too.
