4	I've gone to Paradise Nails about 4 times and my experience was always pleasant.  They do nails very nicely and most of the girls speak English pretty well.  I didn't experience too much of where the girls talk to each other in their own language and you feel like they are making fun of you... something which actually happens quite a bit at some places. The prices are average and the place is pretty clean.  Though sometimes I do wonder how often the drimel tool gets cleaned.. One thing I do have to say, though, is that spending around $100 for lash extensions is ridiculous when they use the same stuff you can buy at Sally's Beauty Supply for $10.  I didn't buy them myself but I saw the brand they use.  Also realize that when something says, "lasts UP TO 2 months!"  doesn't mean it lasts 2 months.. it means it won't last longer than 2 months.. so it could actually last a week and that would be fine.  Just a small word of wisdom for everyone to think about out there.  :)
2	Prices are comparable so nothing to complain about there.  The girl who did my mani/pedi was very good and very friendly and my manicure lasted for 3-4 weeks.  However, two of my friends (fellow bridesmaids) had their nails botched up horribly!  I think they were both worked on by one of the younger guys there.  The guy didn't clean up any of his mistakes and by the end they both had the clear top coat all over their fingers instead of just on the nail bed.  Some of the polish started to peel off later as a result.  If we weren't on a tight wedding schedule I would have gone back to complain.  They also didn't seem to have a lot of selection in their nail polish colors.
3	Prices more expensive for facial waxing. At least I had a great coupon 30% off, so it ended up being alot cheaper.They offered me a drink after I was already lying down, so that was kind of funny.  Thorough job on the waxing
5	I always come here for a mani/pedi and all the ladies here do a good job.  Everyone here is very friendly and accommodating.  They also have discount for students so that is always a plus.
1	Went to get a quick full and had my mails butchered by the older woman "Laura". She burned me 4 times on my right hand and proceeded to rip off my thumb nail. I pulled away and ask for someone else to do it. Not from here but needed a quick fill. Overall got another woman to get done what I needed. Will NEVER come back here again!!!!
4	I have been going to this Nail salon for at least 6 years now. Why? Because they will always take my appointment to fit my shcedule not theres. Everytime I call , they say come on in, we'll be happy to see you. They speak little english but, very clean and nice. Never rude. I would suggeszt this nail salon to all I know.
4	I always leave happy!!!
1	DANGER!DANGER! ZERO CONCERN FOR CLIENT SAFETY! State board needs to be warned of this place. This place deserves negative stars. They burned the top and side of my foot with callous remover! I have abrasions on my foot that are still there a week later. I am unable to wear shoes or even flip flops because of the pain. The side of my foot also blistered up. They use unsafe practices, and then tried to blame me for having sensitive skin. I went to nail school, and have used various callous removers safely, on myself and others. I do not have sensitive skin.
4	I've gone here a couple of times, mainly for pedicures and service is pretty good.they know their customers and they're friendly, But this last visit I got a full set & pedicure and not too satisfied. Although very nice, Laura did ok on my pedicure, would've liked a longer, better massage. I did black tips & painted the ring finger, she topped it off with gel but it smeared off shortly after. It's 3 stars because I paid more than I thought & now I have to go back to fix it.Update--Went back and Lucy fixed everything! She took her time redid my nails, when I thought they were just gonna fix the 2 nails, made sure the orange polish covered tip. They are more than accommodating to fix there problems! Awesome service.
5	I've been going here for three years. Lucy and Laura are the best; but everyone is great. & the manager is amazing. I love her!!! I trust all of their work. I get pedicures, full set and wax regularly here. And they send out a Christmas coupon to customers. Check them out ;-)
4	Very friendly and they did a good job with pedicure, manicure, and brow wax. I felt like the facility could be a little cleaner than we found it. Excellent customer service.
5	This is my go to place. I have been to 5 Salons in the Vegas area and this one blows them all away. They take their time with their clients and are always friendly and worth every penny
5	I am so happy at Paradise Nails.  My long time technician is Vincent and he is the BEST!  My nails are impeccable and never ever come off.  He gives the best pedicures too!  Make an appointment with him and find out for yourself.
4	I've been having difficulty finding a good pedi place, I finally found it. It looks a little sketchy from the outside, I but it's all business inside. They have a great polish selection and the ladies know how to do cute but not over the top designs. The real appeal is they took care of the whole foot not just our toes.
5	I love this place!! They always welcome you, and do such great work. I have had my eyelash extensions done there, and the best I have found! Love the nails I get done as well. This place is become family to me. :) They do so much more than just nails!!
1	This place is a joke! My friend and I went in for gel services. They let us choose from the templates. Funny thing is neither one of us got what we paid for. They did not match -why even offer the templates!. We will never go back!
