4	I went here for the first time today. I was impressed. I thought this would be just another fast chinese food, dingy looking place. It was not. It's bright and cheery and clean. The food is not soaked in overwhelming amounts of sauce, but just enough to give it great flavor. I'll be back.
4	Hubs and I ate here alot when we first moved to vegas since it was just down the road from our hotel. We never got tired of it. Food was actually pretty good. Staff are always nice so thats a plus.
5	This Panda Express hasn't disappointed yet. It always serves up hot, fresh, and tasty food which is great because sometimes you get tired of the regular selection of fast food. Just don't go to the Panda Express on Craig and Jones, I've been there twice and both times it was absolutely awful.
2	Just your typical Panda Express. Clean? sure. Quick and speedy service? not so much. The lady was nice sure but the fact that she was the only lady that was running both the food line and cash register you would think she was put down the phone. The whole time we were ordering she was speaking spanish to someone on the telephone. Kind of irritating. Idk if it was a personal call or what, but she could not put down the phone even when three other people were in line behind us. The lady with her two kids behind us split, and me and my friend would have too but we decided to wait it out because we were starving and really wanted to try their new surf and turf and fried brown rice which was awesome for it being panda express. Anyways, nothing spectacular but it will do for my panda fix.
5	I love the food here. It is always fresh and hot. They have great staff that provide fast service.
4	Great service all around if you need some new and hot they are right on it. Love going to panda most days craving it. Like the fact they change things up here and there see what works. Doing good job and continue to do great
3	Very good food however Mongolia beef really spicy.  They have a drive threw located off of craig.
4	This is the only Panda Express I will come to. The service is always great!  Joe the manager is very nice. So is the other chick I just can't remember her name. The cashier Drew is always very nice and friendly. Everyone here treats me like family. The food is normally on point but there has been a time when it wasnt. Hence why I gave 4 stars instead of 5. Besides that I love it here!! I recommend of your in the area come and stop in!
5	This is definitely my favorite Panda Express. The service is great and all the staff does an amazing job. They are all so friendly and attentive. Very clean and well managed ! I live near another location but I don't mind driving a little further for complete satisfaction !
