4	OK - I'm ganna give Winchell's some love here. Papa D and I went on a donut quest this morning to find OUR favorite donuts in Vegas. First we started out the always ghettolicious Winchell's on Decatur at Washington. We tasted 3 donuts: white icing w/ sprinkles, choc icing w/ sprinkles, and choc icing w/ nuts. The donuts weren't as thick and doughy as I remembered them to be; they were definitely not as light and airy as Krispy Kreme (I'll review that later), but they weren't too bad. The icing was plentiful and they were sweet and yummy. They were out of what I really wanted -- devil's food with choc icing and nuts! Oh well, I guess I can't sleep in if I want to hit the donut shops on a weekend. Lesson learned. Considering it was 11 a.m., they still had a LOT of donuts out.Our next stop was Ronald's and although they had some cool specialty items (ginormous bear claws, cin buns and twists), I thought Winchell's was better. Their icing was thicker and I LOVE the chocolatey goodness piled on top of my donuts!
4	I'm always a fan of the breakfast sandwich.But most fast-food places just don't do it for me.  They're always heavy in grease of the meat is funky or some roulette wheel of "meh" that doesn't make the experience as satisfying as I hoped.But Winchell's serves a really good ham, egg, cheese croissant.They make it right there, and it's fresh and not "weighty" in the stomach after you've eaten it.  The flavor is really good, and what started as a whim for a breakfast option has become a regular breakfast choice.Not that the namesake donuts aren't good, either.  These are good donuts, not all sugary sticky and messy.  They are light and the flavors are good.  It doesn't just taste like a ton of sugar on some dough.  The options I've tried have all been good, and enjoyable to wash down with milk.As far as service goes for this location, the people are really nice here.  They seem all too willing to engage in conversation, and are polite, funny, and friendly.  I've never had a customer service issue in coming here.While chain restaurants don't really stand out all that much, this is a consistently pleasant and quality location.  The donuts are a step up, and while I haven't tried the other breakfast options, if the ham/egg/cheese combo is an indication, I'll have something to look forward to (once I break this particular food habit).And best of all, being 24 hours, the option for breakfast food is a given for anytime (always a plus), so my cravings are met whenever.Definitely good stuff.
2	I only went because everyone says they have awesome Apple Fritters.  They are average at best.  And they say they are big, when I saw them behind the glass I actually thought maybe they keep the big ones somewhere else, LOL.  Won't go back.  Heres a tip, try Tim Horton's in Canada or there are a few on the east coast.
