2	I recently went here to have my dog put to sleep. I knew she was suffering and wanted to end that suffering. I had called a couple of days in advance. I explained my situation over the phone and it was my understanding that my request would be taken care of. Instead upon arriving I was told that before she could be put to sleep they wanted to perform some tests. I didn't need a test to tell me my dog was old and needed some peace. But they said until I had those tests done they wouldn't do it. I was given an estimate of the tests and told it'd be $600. I couldn't believe it. I was sitting in th exam room crying because of what I knew I needed to do and they had the nerve to try and squeeze money out of me. I said no and proceeded to leave.The only reason I didn't give this place 1 star is because as I was getting ready to pay my bill they said it was no charge. Apparently there was some promotion going on and they let me use it. Free office visit for first time patients. I ended up at another animal hospital who really took care of me and my dog. My advice is if you want a place that cares about your dog sincerely do not go here. They seem to just want your money.
5	We had the best experience here having our dog treated for dental cleaning as well as several vaccinations and office visits.  The vets here are so great....my dog is never scared and the only ones that are able to take her temperature and give shots without her squealing. My dog and I always get a good feeling and we trust our insticnts and have never had a problem here.  Her teeth look beautiful and she is very healthy. They give good sound common sense advice.  We have not had the same experiences elsewhere.
1	I found a sweet bird who had an injured leg:( so I took him to banfield in scottsdale and mayo and they refused to even look at it! If they are non paying animal they don't give a damn !!! They will let it die! How about that for caring vets of banfield ! I will never take my animals there ever! They are really " gold diggers"! Don't take your animals to banfield hospitals. Yes it will cost you a few dollars more to take your loving animal to an independent vets , but at least you will know they are in good hands.
5	We have 3 dogs and have been taking them to Banfield for almost 10 years. We are very impressed with every Dr. and Nurse that we have seen there. They are all so caring and love our dogs. Our Labradoodle was so sick with pancreatitus years ago and they took such great care of him. Front desk is awesome too! Love Ashley and Sharon!!!!
