1	I wish i could give a 0 star rating, Went in to but some hairspray that didn't work the next day i returned to the store to return a product and they tried to screw me over by not returning the tax of original product purchases then they started screaming and telling me to leave. The owners assume negative intent about their customers. They also employ their children like typical Chinese factory tyrants...
4	Stopped in here for some nail polish after I couldn't find what I was looking for at Target next door. Their prices were better than Target's, surprisingly. While I was there the same polite teenage boy that rang up my purchase (I think it's a family business) helped another lady figure out how to find her iPhone that she had lost while shopping, which I thought was super nice.
1	I give it one star because there is nothing smaller.  It was an acrylic nail nightmare.  I needed a new set.  Just moved to Las Vegas so I am trying different nail salons to find the one I like this best.  This one was NOT it. When I walked in I was shocked ot say the least.  I was expecting a nail salon but it was so much more. Beauty supply, hair salon and nail salon, all in one!  The gentleman who did my set was nice...although he spoke not a word even though I asked multiple questions considering I wanted my hair done as well.  I requested a simple design. My grand daughter can do this one...and she's 9.  The woman who came to paint my nails stayed on the phone for 10 minutes, while I sat and waited, with her sitting right in front of me at the manicure table. When she finally got done giggling and laughing on the phone she started painting my nails...one stripe down the middle...when I asked her to paint the whole nail...she acted like I had just asked her to change the tire on my car!!  Then the design.  The paint she used was way too thick...and it clumped and curled on my nail...then she put the topcoat on and smeared the whole thing!!  When I pointed it out...she said it only smeared "a little".  OMGosh...I'm paying for a service....not smears. On top of it...there was nail polish all over my fingers. So I asked her to just take it off and paint my nails a solid color with no design.  The world came to an end at that moment.  She actually had the nerve to say, "Yes, the design looked good in the picture, but didn't look good on YOU"  Insult much??!  It wasn't that it didn't look good on me...it was that she did a horrible job!!   So she goes to take the polish off and uses something really strong....and it melted my new set of nails!!!  The gentleman had to come redo them!  By this time my fingers were burning...and I complained.  He told me to wash my hands...so I did. The burning stopped.  Then the girl comes back to paint my nails one solid color...and again...one stripe down the middle.  When I pointed it out AGAIN...she said she'd cover the rest on the second coat.  WTHeck??  I want two coats all over...not one coat in 'spots'.  She finished the tragic job, then charged me full price!!  When I complained about that...they said..."new set 25.00!"  So I paid...left and went to another salon and got my nails redone!  This was about a week ago.  My fingers were sore for 4 days!!  This place is unprofessional, and should not be allowed to be open to do nails.  I don't know about their other services...but if this is how they treat first time customers....RUN....RUN FAST, and don't stop at this dump!!
