4	Try their triple shot expresso with a splash of soy milk! Extremlly strong, but never too bitter! Truly blissful once you add the soy to your drink. Another plus is the ambiance is very relaxed, and I found this to be one of the "lesser" pretensious Starbucks locations that I've visited in the Southern Nevada area. Check it out!btw, Skip the cake pops! They are sinfully delightful, but shockingly horrible for you! I looked up the caloric content and found that it would be better for you to eat a table spoon of butter over one of their cake pops! - UCKERS!
1	I was so excited to see my Hotel had a Starbucks inside. I love my Starbucks and coffee in the morning. Went to get coffee and the staff here is rather rude. I wasn't greeted when we walked up to the counter and one employee was stalking the cold case and couldn't be bothered to acknowledge that they had customers. I have been a faithful customer for years and have never been treated the way I was this morning. I am not sure if this is an actual Starbucks or just licensed to sell Starbucks products. It gives the company a bad name if they allow for this store to continue this way with their rude, horrific, and mean customer service. There are many people that travel in and out of the Santa Fe Hotel and Casino, too bad Starbucks is ruining the coffee going experience for all those travelers.
2	I have been here numerous times and don't really have an issue with the inflated prices. I knew going in that I would pay a little more solely based on the fact this SB is located inside of a casino. $3.50 for an iced tea is a little much, but it was good, and the prices are posted. I do have a problem with the customer service, however. On my latest visit the cashier seemed to just be going through the motions and her demeanor was as if I was bothering her. The barista was slow to get my drink ready, but at least he had some personality. The product is good here, as Starbucks usually is, but the customer service is in need of an overhaul, at least during my visits.
