3	All I have to say is that my breakfast croissant (which was served with egg, ham, spinach and cheese) was okay. The fellow at the next table was happy to learn that they have free internet access.  Maybe I'd be a bigger fan if I had brough my computer along.
4	I've only ever had dessert crepes here but they were divine. Nutella, strawberries and ice cream for me please. mmmm. Their cappuccino was also quite tasty.
5	Love their crepes and no nonsense sandwiches.Espresso drinks are great too.   Great place to bring a laptop, enjoy brunch / late night cake and watch beautiful people passing by on St Catherine.
4	Jonesing for an Americano and some sort of sweet breakfast pastry, I headed into Cafe Paris, and was immediately on cloud 9 thanks for their vast crepe selection. I was subsequently elated to pick the Nutella and Banana crepe - if you have lived in Europe you know that Nutella is health food anyway....I ordered up and within a few minutes I was merrily sitting with my Americano (which was just okay), and a little taste of heaven in crepe form. My friend had the coconut and sugar crepe which was also fantastic. This place ranks very high on my breakfast list!
5	Yummy Crepe's! I got a banana and nutella. Delicious. My friend got a crepe with ham, egg, and cheese. Both were yummy. Will cost you around $8 USA but worth it.The line was a bit long and there method was a not effiecient but they wraped it very well where nothing spilled or got wasted.
4	Pretty nice little place, nice view from upstairs. The populaire croissant with cheese and game and spinach is ok. Baileys crepe is really good!!
4	We ambled over to this cute little joint to pick up dessert after having dinner at Sushi Nagoya (see review).  Staff was friendly and courteous and our order was ready within minutes, perfectly packaged.I am a big fan of the nutella/banana combo and Cafe Paris does it just right: not skimpy on the nutella, but not so much that it kills the bananas.  The crepes here are also excellent: good texture, slightly sweet, and hot off the griddle.All in all - an excellent place to stop for a sweet bite.
3	What does $20 by you these days: a cold sandwich (it was grilled, yet still cold), a decent crepe and a bottle of soft drink.
1	I think this place must have gone down hill since the other reviews were written or the chef quit or something because this place was not good at all. Nothing really stood out as absolutely horrible, but there was just nothing good about it. Plus the prices were outrageous for what it was.We got escargot for an appetizer and were very disappointed by the quality and quantity of the dish.My wife got a beef filet and received a very overdone chunk of meat with some fries. When she asked for ketchup the waitress practically rolled her eyes.I got boeuf bourguignon and it was just not good at all. I'm not very picky when it comes to boeuf bourguignon either. The meat was dry (difficult to accomplish in a stew) and the wine in the sauce tasted like it hadn't been properly reduced.Our waitress was also not exactly a charmer. Her attitude was the only thing authentically French about the place aside from the price tag. Go elsewhere, there are plenty of other French cafes in Montreal.
1	Terrible terrible crepes. It's like they've never had good crepes. I got a banana nutella crepe and it came out rubbery, cold, and not enough nutella. Not only did I wait 15 minutes to order even though they saw me and I was the only customer but the it was super expensive. Stay away. It's a total tourist trap.
1	after reading the reviews of higher rated critics,maybe the sweet crepes are the winners here. i wouldn't know though. normally at a creperia i would order one savory and then one sweet for dessert but i was so disappointed in the ham n cheese crepe i couldn't even finish it. the cheese tasted like Velveeta cheese (for those unfamiliar with Velveeta, it's the most processed and non-cheese tasting cheese of all American cheeses ever made). completely unappealing "cheese" product.I ordered a side of creme fraiche and what i was given was (to the best i could tell) a cross between vinaigrette dressing and thousand island. after sending it back and rerequesting the "white sauce for crepes, creme fraiche", i was given a processed version of ranch dressing.:(Sorely disappointed!and it's not cheap either.for my crepe and an OJ, it ran me $18-side note, no wi-fi either, so i don't know why you'd want to even bring your laptop in to do some work with a coffee either.
3	i came here to grab a crepe since there was a line out the door.. it looked promising.. although my roast beef and mushroom crepe was good.. it wasn't 12 dollars good.. it definitely could have used more beef and shrooms..
4	we were strolling down the shopping area of montreal on rue st catherine on an early morning in the summer when we stopped in for some authentic french crepes! we ordered two and had left over as they are pretty large. i prefer my crepes on the crispier side but it was good nonetheless! i would definitely come back when i'm in montreal again!
2	A little crape place in the heart of Montreal. Atmosphere and decor is not the greatest. Heck even their cutlery are horrible; Styrofoam cups and plates. Crowed seating and not the cleanest place. However it has a decent view of the street and the food is good. You definitely get more bang for your buck, but I have tasted better crepe. A good place to get out of the cold and sit for a cheap quick snack.
3	Not sure what all the one- and two-star reviews are about. Sure, I wasn't blown away by their chicken salad crepe, but for a midnight snack it was plenty fine - plenty of chicken and cheese oozing from a lightly sweet, supple crepe. Definitely satisfied my craving for something warm and savory.Staff are friendly, quick on filling orders, and have okay English. Facilities are clean despite not being fancy - rather like that of an old after-school hangout instead of a downtown restaurant. I wouldn't be averse to coming back, though there are better options for nighttime noms in the area.
5	Love coming here for the strawberry, banana, dark chocolate crepe!  Very good!
3	The coffee was just ok but the Crepes make up for it. Many varieties of very tasty Crepes.Best thing about this place is you can order your Crepe from the street like a food truck, watch them make it, and be on your way.
1	Overpriced and horrible.  Was hankering for a Crepe Suzette so I stopped by Paris Crepe on Rue St. Catherine for one. What appeared before me, however, was not Crepe Suzette. It was this thick, doughy buckwheat crepe that had orange marmalade smeared on top plus a small dusting of confectioners' sugar. Really?? That for $11 + tip??
1	Yelp warned us but we didn't listen.Overpriced crepes that were mediocre at best. No one in my group was impressed. I tried 3 different types and none of them were that great. This was the only disappointing meal during our visit to Montreal.
3	I have been to this place twice this month. Love the variety of crepes they have. The physical environment of this place is not ideal. On a hot day, they would open the windows on the upper floor to let some fresh air in, otherwise, the place would be boiling hot. Their washrooms (total of 2 unisex stalls) are located in the basement. It's a bit creepy and inconvenient.
2	Maybe I am just not a crepe person...they always seem overpriced for what you get and I am never really blown away by the taste.  Maybe I just haven't gone to the right place.  My rating though isn't based on the crepe as it was on par with other crepes I have had.  Place needed a good dusting plus I saw the chef handling his phone while cooking a crepe. The crepe batter was also contained in large plastic containers with batter running down the sides.  Service was friendly.
1	Would NOT recommend! The woman making the crepes was touching the batter with her bare hands, as well as turning and folding the crepes with her hands... When my husband approached the manager and asked if she could wear gloves to make our crepes, her rude response was, "why?" Lol... WHY? Uhhhhmmmm... Enough said. We asked for a refund and were directed to stand back in line to get our money back from the cashier. After some insistence, we finally got her to give back our money and left.
