2	I've been wanting LASIK for years and this place was really close to where I live, so I checked them out first.  Long story short, they told me I was not a candidate for LASIK because of my high prescription.  Normally they'd recommend ICLs (implantable contact lenses) but the anterior chamber of my eyes were too shallow.  So they said there was nothing they could do for me and told me I was better off in contacts/glasses.  I was pretty discouraged until an optometrist friend of mine recommended getting several other opinions (she worked for a LASIK center that did eyes worse than mine) ... and I did.Here's where I learned the truth of BDPEC... apparently within the local ophthalmologist community, they are FAMOUS for pushing ICLs.  So let me save you some time here.  If your near-sighted prescription is worse than -6.00, they will recommend ICLs (below that they will do LASIK).  FYI - ICLs cost a lot more than LASIK, too (ka-ching!).  Anyways, if you don't fit that ICL bucket, they'd rather let you walk.  After doing more research, I discovered that a high-prescription ALONE does not a bad LASIK patient make, which is what BDPEC led me to believe.  In fact, the other doctors told me that because my corneas are way above average in thickness, my risk for complications is much lower!  Imagine that!  I'm sure that if you fit into the BDPEC business model, you will get great results.  However, I STRONGLY encourage anyone considering refractive correction surgery to do your research and get at least 2 or 3 opinions outside of BDPEC.  They operate on a business-first model vs. clinical-first.Good luck!
5	Dr Pinkert is awesome !  He is one of the best Vision Drs in the Valley , plus he is cool as ....  I CAN SEE CLEARLY NOW !
2	I was referred here for my husband to get LASIK by a good friend who works in an optometrist department. She said that the treatment and doctor were the best and there were plenty of other LASIK centers that she had seen substandard results from. Noting this, we went to BDP for a free consultation expecting the best. What we got was the worst. Making the appt was easy and the people on the phone were pleasant. However, when we got into the office, they acted like we couldn't afford the procedure and therefore weren't worth the time. They didn't explain any of the tests they did, nor did they talk to my husband the entire 2 hours he was there. When my husband tried to ask questions, he was ignored. When the doctor saw him, it wasn't any better. He was brief and to the point. My husband required PRK LASIK and it would be about $4000. When my husband tried to ask a question or inquire about the vision for life program, he was told quickly about the medications he would need to purchase in addition to the procedure. The doctor then promptly closed his folder and left. In contrast to this, we visited another LASIK doctor with good ratings and were treated like we were worth his time, explained everything to, and talked to thoroughly about the procedure and medications. They never once left us in the dark, nor did they treat us substandard. The price was the same as BDP, the difference was in how we were treated. Sadly, I was excited to go to BDP and now will not due to their attitudes towards us.
5	Had Lasik last Friday!! Best thing I ever did. Only regret is that I didn't do it years ago! Staff and Doctors are the best. Very professional and knowledgeable. I checked around and not only is the instruments they use the best. The cost is great.Love my new eyesight Barnet Dulaney Perkins!
5	The Doc fixed my eye & the staff rocks... you all get out of Jail for free... Maricopa County Jail only.
5	After years of being scared, I finally decided to have Lasik done.  One of the best things I have ever done, and worth every dollar.  I visited other eye centers, but Barnet Dulaney Perkins was the best.  The staff is very friendly and very informative.  From my consultation to the Lasik procedure, I was explained everything that was being done or would be done.  Dr. Fintelmann was AWESOME!  I am reading at 20/15!  After 25 years of wearing glasses, I am glad I made the decision to go to Barnet Dulaney Perkins and rid myself of my eye-crutches.
5	Just realized today is my 1 year anniversary of my Lasik.. Still PERFECT VISION!!
4	Their commercials got me in the door but their customer service, knowledge and wonderful staff has me going back for my surgery.  Everyone I spoke with was very knowledgeable; they explained everything about the procedure and even offered financing.  Very clean, very friendly, can't wait to get my vision corrected.
5	I would recommend Barnet Dulaney Perkins Eye Center to my wife, family and friends.  They were very friendly and very informative from start to finish and answered every question I had.  The surgery was successful and the recovery time was fairly quick, however there was a few hours of major pain afterwards.  I asked a few friends who have had LASIK and they said the same pain duration post surgery.  To respond to another review regarding it's all about the money.  Um, ya if it weren't they wouldn't be in business using top of the line equipment during your initial exam and surgery, which I'd gladly pay a few dollars extra to have.  Their pricing is competitive, not the cheapest and not the most expensive, just right.Of course, I only have a sample size of one and I plan on keeping it that way.
4	I just had my LASIK procedure completed at BDPEC on 19 Jul 2013. So far, so good. My vision is still a bit hazy but I checked out at 20/20 during my post-op the following day. AMAZING!I got off to a shaky start with this clinic. The person who performed the consultation exams was extremely friendly and professional. She did seem to want to push me toward the ICL but when the doctor (Dr. Schiff) came in to review my results, he said there was absolutely no need for that and said I was an excellent LASIK candidate. (I did not feel that he tried to steer me into a procedure that I did not need.) His 'bedside manner' was perfectly acceptable and I felt he was thorough. He reviewed my results with me, explained the procedure, and then popped in a demonstrative video for me for me to watch.   After meeting with him, I was directed to a person I refer to as 'The Closer.' He explained my surgical cost, what the day of the procedure would be like, and then asked if we could get the surgery scheduled. The cost was higher than what I was expecting and when I questioned the cost, I felt that he became a fast talker - 'their technology is the best, they have been around the longest, other vision correction centers are basically hacks, etc.' He also seemed to insinuate that my reservations about the cost somehow diminished what should be my ultimate concern - my vision. I found that a bit insulting. This felt like a sales tactic to me and made it feel a bit like a purchasing a car versus a medical procedure. I couldn't help but wonder what his commission was on this 'sale.' My recommendation to BDPEC would be to review this portion of the consultation. Where I was most disappointed in BDPEC was that I left this appointment with no pre-arranged ride home. I was told I wouldn't need one despite the fact my eyes would be dilated during the appointment. I do assume personal responsibility for this but I had NO business driving myself home this day. My vision was horrendous - I slowly worked my way from Phoenix to Chandler using as many side streets as possible. I admit that I should have pulled over and waited it out but, as it turns out, it would have made little difference. My vision was still blurred 24 hours later! When I called to ask if this was normal, they said it was and that it could take up to 48 hours for normal vision to return. If that is the case, why would they not tell you to arrange transportation on your consultation day? I considered that a strike against their care for their patients.   After talking with several friends who have had the LASIK procedure, weighing their experiences, what they paid, etc., I chose to go ahead with the surgery at BDPEC. I was told I would be called with my surgery time for the following Friday. By Tuesday afternoon the week of surgery, I had not received a call and had to call them to find out when I was scheduled. Perhaps I was being impatient but I did have the schedule of my husband (who was driving me there and taking me home) to consider and wanted him to be able to arrange his day with as much notice as possible. So, that was another little strike as far as I was concerned.The day of the surgery, everyone was quite nice except for maybe one person who administered the Valium - she just wasn't very friendly. No biggie. The surgeon sat down with me for a moment to review any questions I had. Despite a full waiting room, I did not feel that he was rushed and did feel that he was engaged in our pre-op meeting. The staff were thorough about plastering my name all over me - I assume to avoid mixing up prescriptions and patients. I appreciated that! They told me to expect to be there for about 90 minutes and I was. During the surgery, Dr. Fintelmann and another gentleman assisting him were both very calming. I was quite nervous and they really did what they could to keep me focused and relaxed. I am so grateful for that! The procedure took minutes and when I sat up, though very blurry, I could see! Dr. Schiff took a quick look before I could go home and he was kind and excited for me.At my post-op the following morning, everyone again was friendly and welcoming. Though I am sure they experience this multiple times each week, they seemed genuinely excited for me as they congratulated me on my 'new eyes.' On a personal note, it is a very moving moment to hear someone tell you that you have perfect vision after a lifetime of being dependent on vision correction.I would recommend BDPEC based on my overall experience.
1	I went in to have cateract eye surgery in both of my eyes which began in Nov. 2012.  The two surgeries were done 2 weeks apart.  I was sold for an additional $7000.- above Medicare and Blue Cross charges to have  lens implants that would not require me to wear glasses after the surgeries.  One of the lens's that was implanted in my eye was not centered and 3 weeks later, it had to be removed and replaced with a different lens.  Both eyes had laser surgeries.  My left eye also had retina work after the initial implant (supposedly my retina was torn in 3 places.  Also in my left eye, I had to have cornea surgery on my eyelids.  Finally after 7 months of office visits and surgeries, I decided to get a second opinion from an outside opthamoligist.  He explained to me that the LensX ($7000.-) should NOT have been used for me due to my stigmatisms.  I asked why Dr Perkins recommended it to me, and was told that it was all about additional money.  To date, my vision has become alot worse prior to going in to Barnet Dulaney Perkins.   NOW, I have eye glasses for both reading and distance.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY- THEY ARE A TOTAL BUNCH OF CROOKS AND NOT VERY PROFESSIONAL.
2	I wish I could rate the facility higher but due to me experience with Dr. Perkins, I can only give them a 2-star rating.I have since filed a formal complaint to the Arizona Medical Board stating the following:On February 7, 2014, I went in for a scheduled PRK Revision Surgery with Dr. Scott Perkins of Barnet Dulaney Perkins Eye Center.  Dr. Perkins was unprofessional in the manner in which he spoke to me during the surgery prep and during surgery.  I have had this same procedure done October 4, 2013 so I am familiar with the process and the experience.  After Dr. Perkins put the numbing drops in my eyes, the next step was to place a sponge like object on my eye.  Unlike the time before, it was extremely painful causing me to squint and twitch in pain.  I said, "It burns.  Why does it burn?  I know I should not feel this, I am concerned that I do considering you will be putting a laser on my eye next and I feel pain."  He exclaimed, "Oh my god, you are so dramatic!  I have done 15 of these today and no one has been as dramatic as you!"  I said, "I am sorry but this is uncomfortable unlike last time, shouldn't you be just as concerned?"  He then threw himself back in his chair and said, "Are you done yet?"  I could not believe the way that not only a doctor but a person was speaking to me.  He then proceeded and was unusually rough in the manner he completed the rest of the procedure.  Once Dr. Perkins was done, I sat up and was escorted to the post-op room where I was crying and beside myself in the experience and pain with Dr. Perkins.  I explained what had happened to the technician and proceeded to check out.  I not only experienced a tremendous amount of pain in comparison to the first procedure done by him but tremendous pain after.  It is my belief that Dr. Perkins did not allow the numbing drops enough time to take effect before proceeding nor did he have the care and concern for the matter.  I am disgusted by his unprofessionalism and the pain he put me through.  It has been 5 weeks since the procedure and it appears that my vision was affected by his poor quality work as my vision is worse now than it was 5 weeks after my first procedure and prior to this second procedure.  I do not believe this doctor should be practicing on such a delicate sense and lacks any compassion and bedside manner.It really is such a shame to have dealt with Dr. Perkins because I have had a great experience leading up to surgery.  Dr. Schiff is the pre and post op doctor that has been such a pleasure to deal with.  He is very warm and informative just like the rest of his administrative staff.  After my experience that night, I received a call from their branch manager wanting to address the issue.  She stated she would send me a gift card as some type of consolation.  Three weeks later, nothing.  I sent her an email to verify the address she had for me and after no response a week later, I called her and she said that she sent it to me after we first spoke.  Yeah, maybe it got lost with her response to my email.  Another week, she receives a return on the mailing and realizes that she had the wrong address.  I get the $20 gift card with a note stating, "Here is another gift card."  I was very offended.  She would have gotten a return on the first one since she sent it to the same wrong address IF she in fact did send it the first time.  I was initially impressed by the way K.D. tried to mitigate but then offended in the result.  This is a $4,000 procedure and I suffered a great deal of pain for a $20 gift card that required my constant follow-up.Please note, I do recommend Dr. Schiff to inform and prep you for the surgery and his administrative staff, just please ensure you do not get scheduled for surgery with Dr. Perkins.
5	I have been going here for over 5 years and I am always amazed at the level of care I receive.  I've gone to a lot of eye doctors over the years and Barnet Dulaney's doctors never let me down with their professionalism and the friendliness from the staff.  I've never had a bad visit.
5	I went to find out if I was a candidate. Unfortunately I wasn't. But the people were very friendly and professional. I would recommend them to anyone interested in getting lasiks done.
5	I recently had a retinal detachment that required immediate attention.  I was referred to Dr. Sipperley at the Eye Center.  It was absolutely the best care and attention that I could have asked for.  After a thorough evaluation it was determined that I needed surgery and they actually jumped through hoops and kept the surgery center open after hours and brought in an on call staff to repair my retina.  Every single person that I came in contact with was incredible.  I have only the highest respect for Dr. Sipperley and the entire staff.  Would highly recommend to anyone.
1	Don't go here!  I tried to get some necessary surgery done but to no avail after having the staff "forget" to schedule a physical and do the necessary insurance paperwork, and having them overcharge $1000 because they could not add. To start they insisted I had to have another expensive eye exam even though the optometrist who referred me did the exact same exam two weeks before.  Cost $305!!!    I called many times only to be left on hold sometimes for 30 plus minutes.  My husband is disabled and I had to schedule care for both of us after the surgery and during the appointments prior to the surgery.  I waited months and MONTHS to be scheduled in and then had the staff tell me a few days before the surgery as they "forgot" to do the insurance paperwork and they could not do the surgery unless I paid for the whole thing up front.  Much to my chagrin I re-scheduled some weeks later but two days before they called again as they "forgot' to have me get a physical.  I couldn't get care for my husband on that short of notice. I got the bill yesterday.  They charged me almost $700 just for a 20 minute consult and an un-necessary eye exam. They also charged $90 for two digital photos of my face which took 60 seconds by an assistant. I have to start over as I neither trust the Doctor or the staff.  You decide if it is worth it for a careless service.   I've never had a good visit!!!!
5	I had LASIK -monovision By BD&P in 2012 and could not be more pleased. Dr. Schiff pre-op exam and Dr Finklstein for surgery. Both were excellent in demeanor and competence. I had a very high degree of astigmatism and was always told I was not a candidate. New technology changed that. the actual procedure is less than 20 minutes and virtually pain free.
4	Took my wife here to get LASIK. Procedure worked out fine although she needed some follow-up surgery due to cloudiness. They fixed her all up at no charge and were very courteous.
4	This is more of appreciation than an actual review.As a former long time Az state employee health care was extremely frustrating. Now in retirement my medicare supplement is not an improvement. Same carrier, different plan. To find a provider, conservatively speaking, is close to impossible, due to the extremely low provider payments and the fact that the provider listings, year after year are a sad joke.Call ten places from the directory and most are not contracted or wrong address or have not been provider for years. A heart specialist was listed as under water specialist? For my needed cataract surgery I spent dozens of hours on the phone withcarrier who promises to call back and never does.Very nice and courteous and caring completely ineptpeople. After a month I gave up on my carrier and spoke to a number of offices unrelated to cataracts.As usual Hatfield Family Medicine (Concentra)was more than nice and caring. I left their officehaving an appointment at Barnet, Dulaney, Perkinswho are highly competent but one of possibly two firms who will accept my carrier's measly payment.Hatfield continued to work on what they had no need to do in the first place and mailed me info on another doctor they believe will accept my plan.In a few days I will finally be seen after three months of wasted time. I have to think it is generosity on the part of Barnet, Dulaney Perkins.A review will follow.
5	Joshua Perkins, OD is a recent graduate of Midwestern University of Optometry. He is simply the best. He has excellent mannerisms, excellent demeanor and highest level of competence. I would recommend Dr Perkins to anyone who wants a complete, general eye examination and the best advice and recommendations possible for all your eyecare needs.
5	I offered pre-appointment experience in my first review of appreciation. The appreciation and now respect has grown. The office is huge but in no way like a coveyer belt or production line. It is easy to find.Turn south on 22nd street and the buikding is clearly marked. Private parking is adequate and there is a property guard. The interior is simple but pleasant.Desk staff are truly assuring, warm, friendly,  supportive and helpful. I arrived at 6:55 AM. As other staff arrived front desk warmly said hello to each entering fellow staff member. I felt it was friendly and positive. Front desk staff help each other and are very open. Not discussing anything that needs to be private but assisting each other to either process or figure something out. With volume comes a variety of challenges. I had a number of tests which were made pleasant by other staff. I enjoyed when someone addressed me as a female name and than a male name of an other male patient. Kristen kidded me when I called her Crystal. The insignificant momentary mix up, lasting only seconds, took some of the edge of my nervousness.  Doctor David Coulson examined me, had more testing done and could not have been more generous with explanatory interface. I could not help but hearing him when outside of my door giving a lot of instructions. I mentioned he seemed quite relaxed with considerable amount of demands.He also explained what he saw with my optic nerves which for me was a revelation. In my mind, as an optomotrist he had probably better diagnosed what other specialists had diagnosed as stroke in right eye. For anyone with a heart conditionthis will be appreciated. He made everything clear butstayed within his own boundaries. Doctor Coulsonexplained possible outcome and that I would be contacted for further consultations. That a place of this magnitude can even function, to me is amazing! To function at the highest level is a tribute to both staff and management. I believe the healthy friendliness, to some degree, is a factor.I am optomistic as to potential outcome although only on initial stages.
1	After having the President Mark Rosenberg call and apologize to me for a whole series of mishaps wholly Baret Dulaney's fault, nothing he promised came true: He said they'd fast lane me through the process;  it took months and months.   He said they'd make sure no more charges were involved: I got the bills and my insurance was re-charged for extra visits and some of the same exams.  He said they'd make sure I was satisfied; the surgeon called and cancelled for the forth time.  Four different excuses for the cancellations over a period of nine months because they couldn't get their act together. Now I wonder if you want a company that has employees who forget to schedule physicals, forget to do the insurance paperwork and a surgeon (Dr. Berdos) who cancels the appointments after you have waited months and months to get on his schedule?  Does this seem right or fair to you?
5	I offer the reviews because I am very average and my experience may in a small way assist you. Today I met with five people. They were all warm, professional, informative, to the point, purpose driven and patient. Actually six. Front desk is tops. The talks and testing and explaining equals my meeting with doctor Perkins tomorrow as prepaired and ready to come to a decision on my options. This is really a team. Many big business do not have departments that coordinate. Typically there is internal animosity. Even though it is still early I feel this is a business to be modeled after.11/6/13 Had further testing and evaluations. Met Dr Perkins. All staff performance, above and beyond. The gift of time, and everything that can come with it.My opinion, a truly amazing business. I do not want to bore you with a lot of examples. One thing is obvious to me. I look forward to first operation believing this is where I have the highest chance for improved eye sight. This just the opposite of prior experience wherecosts were almost without meaning..
5	1st cataract surgery. They are the Team! They explain everything in a manner I truly appreciate. They mix being the best medical provider with being a large business. I hesitate to give details because of all my reviews leading up to today. Please forgive me if I just say, paydirt, jackpot! It is only seven hours since leaving surgery but ..... Whites have gone from gray towhite, distance vision already better and improving.double vision almost gone, sensitivity to light approaching normal. While I can't say your experience in regaining sight will be similar, I don't believe  there can be a better concentrated effort towards your success. I am a nobody. They are nice people who can help, if you will allow them to.
1	What a waster of time and money!  My regular ophthalmologist recommended I see the same doctor who performed my previous cataract surgery (which was here) for a followup procedure.  Step 1:  Repeat the same exam I had just received from my ophthalmologist at a cost of about $200.  Step 2: Go in for an evaluation with the Surgeon ... wait in 3 different waiting rooms for over 2 hours, then leave, since I myself had appointments. Leave having accomplished nothing as I never saw the doctor!  At no point did they indicate to me it would be over an hour delay and offer to reschedule or give me any indication of actually how long the wait would be. Feels more like a surgery factory than health CARE.  I have no intention of coming back to this facility.
5	In excess of three weeks have passed since the second eye had cataract surgery. My vision is near 20 20 and I am 72. No glasses except for computer and reading. Even with reading and computer only used sparingly. This is more about the forces creating my good fortune. That is the continuous super staff!Doctor Josh Perkins was the top of the pyramid for my final visit. Is everything perfect? Of course not but he had a simple workable solution for clogged tear ducts. Not only are staff qualified action team but Dr Perkins and staff truly listen and are warm and unassuming. The senior doctor Perkins made origional suggestions, operated on me, Wendy Schroeder office manager actually manages through internal and external communications and than junior Dr Perkins launched the new me. They are a highly promissing option for your potential eye procedures.
