5	I went to opening night at Province and the food was AMAZING.  We had the flatbread pizza, crab cake (DELICIOUS), ahi tuna and salmon with asparagus.  One of the things that I love is that you could order most of the dinner items in half-sizes (like the salmon and tuna), allowing you to try more things.  We had some great drinks, the bartender did a fantastic job.  For desert, the peanut butter flan was great, though big enough to share with two or more and the shot, a perfect small desert.  Great food that is light, fresh, but leaves you feeling satisified without needing a nap afterwards!Being there opening night, I met the general manager, chef Randy and chef Rita and they all personally thanked us for coming into the restaurant.The ambiance is fantastic and I hope the opera, symphony, theater, downtown crowd discovers this as a great option for dinner or drinks before and after concerts.  I thought Hanny's would be my downtown-post-concert hang, but Province has it beat hands-down.
5	Checked out Province last night and had a great experience. The inside of the restaurant is very nice if maybe a little cold design wise. There were 3-4 other tables of people so it felt pretty empty which didn't help but Im sure that will change as the restaurant becomes more known. We were seated pretty close to the entrance and could see there was a pretty constant stream of hotel guests coming in with their luggages which I liked. The service was outstanding. The waitress did just the right amount of checking in with us throughout the night and was very prompt when needed. The chef sent out two appetizers on the house, the first was a cracked wheat salad with almonds and some other ingredients, it was very good. Everything we ate throughout the night was great, no complaints there. They also had a great Czech beer which I'd never had before, it was awesome and 6.2% alcohol content to boot! The patio wasn't open yet but we wondered around it a bit and sat down for a minute. The views are great and the music is louder than inside the restaurant so it was more of a lounge feel. I loved being able to watch the cars and people going by, very urban feeling. One thing that was interesting was how windy the courtyard was...there is a serious draft going through there yet the streets were pretty calm when we left.
4	Had a light brunch there today after the Farmer's Market - our first chance to stop by since it opened a few days ago.-Attentive unobtrusive service.  From day one - no small feat.-Stark Japanese flavor to the ambiance: dark wood and stone horizontals massed monochrome walls softened by dessicated organics on surfaces and hanging from the ceiling and a few monochromatic illustrations on one wall.  Pleasing but as a prior reviewer noted, somewhat cold.  We ate at what seemed to be a cork-topped table.-Amazed at the reasonable prices.  Green lentil soup with a dollop of yogurt, mixed vegetables in sherry, pork belly hash, shrmp over grits and manchego.  All local, all delicious set us back less than $25.-And the thing that ripped the 5th star off - Starbucks coffee.  With one of the best micro-roasters I've tasted just 2 blocks north at Royal [and a gaggle  of excellent ones within 2 miles nowadays] they couldn't go local with the caffeine roastery?
3	Let me say right off the bat that my low-ish rating has nothing to do with the food, which was great.  DH and I both had wonderful meals -- my shrimp and grits was maybe the best I've ever had and the asparagus with preserved lemon was also wonderful.  The portions (one small plate and one "smaller" entree) were just right and the prices very reasonable for the quality of the food.The decor has been commented on and I don't have much to add except that I didn't find it cold -- in fact I really liked it.The service was generally good EXCEPT . . . and here's the reason for my lower rating:  I am gluten-intolerant and asked our server about several dishes, all of which she advised me to avoid.  When it came to dessert I specifically asked about one item, she said that it had gluten ingredients, so I "settled" for ice cream.  Who would ever think (I didn't, but the server should know) that inside this tiny scoop of ice cream was something that was suspiciously like a piece of cookie.  Fortunately my gluten intolerance isn't of the serious, Celiac variety, where I would be very sick for a week from just a taste of something containing gluten, but it's enough that I'll be uncomfortable for a couple of days.  When I told the server what I found, she was very apologetic, someone senior (one of the chefs?) came out and apologized and they took my ice cream off our bill.  They probably should have comped the entire meal (or at least our drinks) but I wimped out and didn't insist.Just be aware, if you have an issue with gluten, that the servers are not educated about the menu items and you need to insist that they ask the kitchen about any item about which you are not absolutely certain.  It's an issue that has the possibility of being sufficiently serious that they should know about this stuff and, while I can chalk some of it up to opening-week-learning-curve, it's pretty inexcusable.Without that one issue, it would probably be at least a 4-star, maybe a 5.
5	Went back to Province last night - ask for JESSE, he's the best server I've EVER had downtown. Again, the food was AMAZING: we had the goat cheese fondue, which you would think would be weird, but it's whipped with something else, perhaps cream cheese or some whipping cream, and it was fantastic.  We had the homemade pasta and lamb and both were out of this world.  The lamb with hominy just melts in your mouth and the pasta is served with a mixture of veggies.  We also had a serving of asparagus and for desert....squash muffin with honey ice cream.  It was light and sweet, with a fantastic "frosting" and the ice cream was perfect: it tasted just like you were eating honey.  We also tried the manhattan, margarita, and the smart money. I usually always avoid mixed drinks when going out, but the drinks I had (the margarita and smart money) had the great, fresh ingredients, so I knew I would have a headache or feel like I just ate a pixie stick.
2	The thing that I have tried in this restaurant that I really liked was the pear dessert with ice cream and the goat cheese fondue. Everything else has been either too salty for me: the salmon ceviche, the meat with chimichurri, or lacking flavor like the shrimp ceviche.
4	The review is probably actually more like 3.5 stars, but its new and its downtown...and so Im rounding up.First tried the salmon ceviche at Devoured, and as I'm a picky salmon eater, the fact that I enjoyed it was a good sign...the fact that they then handed me a 20.00 off coupon was a very good sign.Used said 20.00 coupon yesterday. Overall a good experience. Love that they bring you out a semi amuse bouche that features some of the fresh ingredients the kitchen is working with that day. Ours was a chopped vegetable medley and it was very fresh and well seasoned. Started with the goat cheese fondue on the recommendation of both our server and fellow yelpers. Very good. Also, the bread service was tasty...non-traditional and yet very enjoyable.My dad had the pounded chicken breast, which was good....but could have used a little more veggies (for a farm to table restaurant). my salad was also tasty. My tortilla soup, however, was a totally different story. Awful. Terrible. Inedible. Blander than bland...so spice at all, it didn't even taste like there was any salt or pepper. I couldn't eat it. So minus 2 stars for the sad, sad, sad soupAdded back .5 stars for 1) being downtown and 2) giving me a 20.00 coupon and 3) being pretty new (hopefully someone can season up that soup)Additionally the bar, which I didnt get to experience, looks like a great place to grab a pre-show beverage.
3	Province, at the Westin Phoenix is a pretty standard American menu, with some very interesting Spanish twists, and a somewhat awkward dining room. We dined for lunch and had a roller coaster ride of a meal. Our server answered many questions with "I don't know" and never offered to find the answer, so we were left with nothing to go on. His stumbles through his pre ordering "speech," which sounded like he was reading from a script, were pathetic. Not his fault if they make him recite something verbatim, but I don't want to eat at a place where the servers are doing that, there is no connection whatsoever. We tried the flatbread with Chorizo and Manchego which was fantastic, the papperdelle which was great as well, and even the squash sandwich, which was probably my favorite. Per the servers recommendation, I tried the "out of this world" hamburger. It certainly was not "out of this world" as he so proclaimed. Actually, it was pathetic. The nuked piece of meat, lack of ANY sort of condiment, and only a leaf of lettuce and a slice of tomato made this a dry as a piece of cardboard abortion of a burger. Upon telling our server, he said "oh yeah, we have a cook who likes to cook things a little longer." That's not an acceptable answer, dude... and if the guy is that bad at cooking, then he needs to be taught to cook to a standard. A side note here, we light salt, but found everything to be completely doused in salt, almost to the point where it was overwhelming. Regarding this, our server did tell us a cook in the kitchen is heavy handed. Dude why are you guys not training these people? And why are you throwing your co workers under the bus?I'll go back here after a while when they can work out some kinks. As for the atmosphere though, it's a big empty room, with nothing interesting inside. They have some corporate'y "art" on the walls that looks uninteresting, and a huge open space in the middle of the dining room that desparately needs something done with it.
4	Went here on a date...I had the salmon, which was excellent. The service was great (but it was pretty dead, so it should be). We also had the goat cheese fondue...I liked it though I thought it might have been better with something besides the herb crackers which seemed a bit salty. Also the cheese got cold quite fast, so something to keep it warm might have been good as well. But overall the experience was great.
4	Another great addition to downtown Phoenix.  First, the Westin hotel is absolutely beautiful and the restaurant/bar is no exception.  The indoor and outdoor space is great - relaxing and cool.
5	I love the decor....clean, modern with a creative flair. The service was fantastic....informative, friendly and not in-your-face. The food was AWESOME! The best crab cake I've ever had! I've had better ceviche, but that's ok. The burger was nice and juicy, tender on a brioche bun. The small plate of bread with the white bean puree was full of flavor as well. We will definitely go back! Need to try the desserts!!
2	We had a quick lunch as part of a business meeting and hoped to find a new choice for downtown.  The service was attentive as the restaurant was nearly empty (at 11:45 am), but our server knew next to nothing about the menu items.  He also seemed incapable of making eye contact, which was just odd.  The lentil soup was very good, though the portion was also very small.  I coupled that with a flat bread that was somewhat bland.  My guest had a chopped salad that she had to send back once.  When it came out again, it was fine, but nothing about it stood out.  All in all, it seems like your standard hotel restaurant--eat there if you're stuck in the building, but get out if you're not.
4	I hosted a group dinner for 10 people at Province a few weeks ago.  We sat on the patio on a gorgeous night.  Our visit started off a little shaky, but they quickly rebounded.  We really enjoyed the food and the service was good.  I love that they have wine on tap - yummy!
5	Well, we headed out to snoop out the new restaurant at the newest downtown hotel, the Westin.  Now, I can be a tough critic, not as much from a food standpoint but more so from a service standpoint.  We went in not really knowing if we would stay for dinner; wanted to scope out the menu first.  The menu gave a good appearance and the outdoor patio was more than inviting.  So, we decided to give it a a shot and asked for a table.  Our server, Drew, was off the charts fantastic.  Very professional and was there to make sure our visit was worthwhile.  Our drinks were exceptional and the food was truly fantastic.  The patio with the downtown views really helped to make this place a contender for one of the best venues in our downtown restaurant scene.  It's right on the metro line and easy access to all of downtown  The martinis were a ten, the food including the asparagus salad, the ahi tuna tacos and the pounded chicken breast were all 9+ on a scale of 1 - 10.  We will be back for sure!
3	We dined here with a large party a few weekends ago. Overall, I really like the concept and the restaurant is lovely inside. However, the menu was a little hit or miss.Our amuse-bouche was a cold spinach soup that was alright but needed something else. Some taragon maybe? I'm not sure but it needed something to brighten it up but it was a unique offering on a rather warm evening so it worked.The spring squash taquito was meh. Some zuchini squash diced in a little crispy taco shell. The shrimp and grits were excellent, though! Shrimp was well-cooked and the grits had a nice texture and the manchego worked very well. For my main, I had the papardelle which was very good. I got a half portion since we'd had some plates to share before and it was plenty for a light supper. The pasta was cooked just right, the olives and manchego and peppers all worked very well and it was just a lovely late spring dinner.However, the portions, even as a small plates restaurant, are extremely tiny on the shared plates. The prices are not bad but are still a bit high. The staff, eh. Our server tried very hard but some things were forgotten, some were brought out completely wrong, etc. So overall, I may come back but I won't be in a huge rush. The concept is fun and fresh but it needs a little perfection on the execution to be great instead of just decent.
2	Two two star reviews in a row...I'm really on a roll here.   So, Sweet Pea and I, along with B$ and one of his girls, and K-Dawg went here last night to celebrate AZ Restaurant Week, a couple of bdays, and well because we can.  I was very ready to like it because it's downtown and supposed to be local/organic/whatever.  Unfortunately I didn't like it.  No, I didn't.This place is completely generic, people!  Generic environment, generic food, bad service...that sums it up.  You know what?  It even bores my @ss to discuss the food at all, so let me just give you the lowlights:They said the bloody marys were their own mix and spicy.  If that's their own mix, they should check out Mr. T's because it's better...and spicier.  When asked for more spice, they gave Sweet Pea a little room service bottle of tabasco.  They forgot B$'s drink, and when reminded, tried to play it off.  They did nothing for birthdays.  They were supposed to give us two glasses of wine as our wine pairing and the timing was totally wrong...we had to remind them that a red should have come with our entree.  Although we were one of three tables in the restaurant, the food runner wandered around the dining room with our food while we watched, trying to figure out whose it was.Oh, the goat cheese fondue was just kinda ok.Hotel restaurants can be good.  T. Cook's, Lon's, etc. etc.  This is not one of those.  The only reason I can see to eat here is that you're staying at the Westin and don't want to leave the property for some reason.
4	Last night B and I were looking for a place to eat.  Went to Sens last week, Portland's is a bore, ate at Pita Jungle for lunch and a late night snack earlier in the week... and we didn't feel like hopping on the light rail to go someplace else.  I didn't feel like Hannys tonight.  We decided to go to a fail-safe for us, District.  I really like the food there, but was disappointed when we rolled up on our cruisers (after having called them and asked about this) and found out that their stupid kitchen was closed and we could eat from their sub-par bar menu.  Okay, this isn't about a bad review for District, I do like their food, but they just tick me off... because we called and they said dinner was being served 'til 9:30.  What's up with this town and places closing EARLY?So we decided to finally try Province Restaurant at The Westin.  I had't read many reviews, but their menu was, as I recollect, "okay" sounding.  So we rolled up on Georgia and Dali and didn't know where we could lock our bikes to.  The valet took our bikes and brought them inside... gave us a ticket and we were on our way.  The ambiance was beautiful inside... kinda hotel-ish, but definitely more modern and sleek looking.  I loved that they did their menus intelligently... a few nicely printed pieces of paper on some stock and a fun clipboard.  Little waste.We were seated and asked for a white wine suggestion... got this really nice light Greek wine, which the name escapes me... but B took a picture on his Droid.  Luis came to our table and brought our wine... telling us how happy he was that we chose this specific bottle.  Very friendly and seemingly knowledgable.  He told us the history of the vines and the grapes... also told us about the region.  Definitely seemed like a Sommelier, or at least trained properly.  I tasted, it was delicious... he told us that he was the general manager.We ordered a couple of tasty appetizers... some sashimi and a taco of sorts, I forgot what kind of fish was on it, but it was marinated deliciously.  Oh yeah, they brought a yummy li'l amuse bouche.  It seems it's the in thing these days since everyone watches Top Chef and everyone's got an amuse bouche these days.  But it was good... some kind of ceviche tasting item... although I wasn't thrilled with eating raw onions... it wasn't bad.  The wine was flowing and the waitress came back a couple of times to check on us, which was nice.Our main courses were the pan seared tuna and the bbq lamb.  I made the big mistake of ordering the full portion of the lamb.  You know how you go to fancy restaurants sometimes and their portions are teeny... well I'm not a teeny eater.  So I ordered the full.  Definitely not the wisest of decisions... but VERY delicious nonetheless.  The bbq sauce was a little sweet, but not too much... and the lamb was pulled, which I'd never had before... but inspired me to want to cook lamb in this fashion at home.  B's tuna was very tasty... had an interesting sauce with it that I don't think I've tasted before.  Oh yes, we also ordered some vegetables for the table that were grilled perfectly.  Really tasty stuff there.Somehow we finished my lamb... and had no dessert.Next time I'd like to go back and just have some dessert and some cocktails.  Nice place... pretty bar too.  I didn't read any Yelp reviews on this one, but I liked it.PLUS don't forget the valet service for our bikes.  We went out to get our bikes... tipped the valet and off we went.Not a cheap dinner, but definitely well worth it, I think.
2	Really hit or miss.  First of all, the atmosphere is terrific.  Modern, minimalist, big open spaces.  Very nice.  Ouside patio, when the weather is right, would be lovely for cocktails and food, around a fire pit.  I've eaten here twice.  Once for lunch, once for dinner.  The restaurant clearly is for hotel guests and corporate types.   I live downtown, so tried it despite this.The food as a whole is decent to good.  It's very hit or miss though.For example, last night my wife orders the organic salmon.  It was absolutely delicious, cooked perfectly, slightly rare inside and crispy on the outside.  On par with the best fish houses I've ever tried.For me though, I tried the skirt steak.  It was a $2 piece of meat, barely adequately cooked, drenched in about 100 grams of fat/oil.  I guess to hide the fact that you just got completely scammed into eating a tough, fatty, crappy piece of meat.  I guess I'm more of a filet kind of guy, but honestly, this was one of the worst steaks I've tried.Deserts were okay.  Appetizers were just okay as well.  Presentation of everything was outstanding, however.I'd even be back here many times if it was more reasonable in price.  But for the money they are charging, I just demand better food, better service.  Even if the menu is creative, and the setting is one of the nicest modern restaurants I've recently had the pleasure to dine in.Particularly frustrating since it's only two blocks from my loft.By all means, if you go here, skip the steak!
1	Decided to try out this one for breakfast with some out of town guest.  Hummmmm...  Definitely overpriced!!!  A two egg breakfast was $20 ... Four for breakfast was $80 and one in my party did not even eat we shared a fruit plate... Definitely not worth the money and since we were the only table in the dining room you would have expected the service staff to be falling over each other to wait on our table... NOT.  Don't think i will be returning and will not recommend to anyone else... Good Luck!
5	what a great experience! downtown really needed this: boutique hotel and great dinning!I went there for lunch and we each ordered an entree: salmon, steak, and bbq pork. They were each delicious. I can't decide what I liked the best. I really enjoyed the artichoke hearts with my steak however, the bbq pork was to die for. Since I am a dessert lover we ordered the Peanut Butter and Chocolate one and the Peach Tart. Both were delicious..the peanut butter chocolate one was sooo rich, you should probably split it!I'll definitely be back...thank you Province!
4	Complimentary brunch mimosa can't be beat! Salmon benedict, Schreiner's bacon, and ham and cheese omelet was delicious too!  They use MJ English muffins...same as LGO. Yum! Great downtown spot. Put it on your list!
5	Extremely impressed - The valet is located on the west side of the Westin and they make sure to let you know that you can be validated for up to 3 hours. The host was polite and our server, just lovely. She was so helpful with the menu - offering suggestions, answering questions etc. The food? AMAZING! The server could tell how much fun we were having with the different flavors of our salmon and skirt steak. She let us know about the upcoming summer menu and then asked us if we would like to speak to the chef. Chef Rita came out to speak with us and chatted about what we enjoyed, the upcoming summer menu etc. It was a memorable evening and I am looking forward to my second visit this upcoming week.
5	Second visit with summer menu - just as great as our first experience. I look forward to taking clients here and meeting friends at the bar after work etc.Province will continue to be a suggestion for my Central Phoenix friends looking to try something refreshing and new.
3	Met up with some girlfriends at Province inside the Westin Hotel. Got there early and I ended up being the only person in the restaurant or at the bar! A little weird but once friends arrived and the night wore on, it got busier. Staff was super friendly and helpful at helping us decide what to try. Ended up trying the following: Crispy White Corn Croqueta with ancho aioli Mini Cuban Chicken Sandwich Summer Squash Taquito Grilled Tomato Flatbread Melted Goat Cheese Fondue Grilled Ahi Tuna Tacos Potato Frites The melted goat cheese fondue was great and I really enjoyed the white corn corqueta with ancho aioli. The look was very modern, crisp and clean and a little earthy. Great food, great service, only complaint was the servings were ridiculously small (even for tapas-style it was still small)!! We ordered a lot and I didn't quiet feel full but I didn't want to order any more than we already had because it was adding up! I would go back again and try some other menu items but now that I know what the serving sides look like, I'll be more particular about what I order. Also worth noting: They have free parking at the hotel for 2 hours if you validate with the restaurant host!
4	AZ restaurant week kicked off last night and while there are a few established and well liked restaurants that my husband and I have yet to try, we decided to take a gamble and try Province, which was a little less known.The decor was minimalist, bright, and trendy but reminiscent of other hotel restaurants. I really liked the bar and loved the outdoor seating. When it cools off a little more I could totally see myself enjoying the beautiful patio. Service was impeccable. Water refilled constantly, napkins refolded. Our server was great. Professional without being too formal. We were checked on several times by the manager.The amuse bouche was a very tasty and fresh gazpacho. I appreciate that it was vegetarian since I often miss out with amuse bouches. For starters I ordered the goat cheese fondue and my husband ordered the corn chowder with crab. The goat cheese fondue was good but not impressive. Honestly it was something I could make in my microwave with just a few ingredients. And I wish they had something different to dip into it, like Crostini or something hardier. Instead they had these cracker/flatbread things. A little too salty. My husband's corn chowder was very light and tasty. For our entrees I ordered the goat cheese tortellini and my husband ordered a steak dish. My goat cheese tortellini was HEAVENLY. Delicate tortellinis with perfectly cooked vegetables in a mouthwatering broth. Absolutely amazing. My husband enjoyed his medium rare steak but said that one side was cooked more than the other. The artichoke gratin that came with the steak was so good that I kept stealing bites. The dessert was a chef's tasting of 3 desserts, an apple tart, a squash cupcake with maple cream, and a peanut butter chocolate concoction. I am not a big fan of sweets so squash cupcake and peanut butter chocolate thing was way too rich for me but my husband loved it. If you are a dessert fan you will be in heaven here. The wine pairings were really good for being house wines. I thought it was interesting because this woman sitting nearby that was obviously there only for restaurant week was complaining to the poor server about portion size. I was sooo full after this 3 course meal. Our server told us that they have a happy hour that I'm eager to try in their beautiful bar.
3	We visited Province on a Friday night and the place was not very busy.  I like places that have a lot of action and this was not one of them. Downtown Phoenix has a long way to go.  Food was great! Crowd not so much.  If this review was based on the food alone I would give it 4-5 stars but ambience is huge.  Their patio was pretty nice even though it was way too hot to sit outside.  One annoying thing about Phoenix restaurants is they keep it freezing inside but then it's too hot to sit outside.  Isn't there a happy medium???
4	I too went to this establishment for AZ restaurant week and had an absolutely wonderful meal. The restaurant was quiet when we got there but that's expected the time of night we were there and it being downtown phoenix. We had almost the exact meal as the previous reviewer so I wont bother telling you how wonderful and tasty the meal was so instead I'll tell you how accommodating the wait staff was. My wife is at the end of her 1st tri-mester and eating is something that can go any direction. Half way through dinner she felt full and didn't want to eat anymore because she wanted to try dessert. Dessert took a little while to come out but when it arrived my wife couldn't even eat a bite she started feeling quite ill and on the verge of crying I called over our waitress and explained the situation and asked if the dessert plate could be wrapped up. She was amazing and told us no problem and then came back a few minutes later with the sweet snacks. Great evening.
5	Another restaurant week night out! Decor in Province was so beautiful. Simple, clean lines, one bold pink accent wall that matched the sofa that lines the opposing wall. It was beautiful. The natural accents of driftwood and moss also lend to a feeling of freshness and health and clean eating. The "bread" basket was a nice small sample-if I'm given a huge basket I have a hard time not eating it, so this was preferred. We opted for the $10pp wine pairing to accompany the meal, which was a nice option. The meal started with a lovely tomato gazpacho amuse. Between the two of us my husband and I ordered the heirloom tomato and mozz salad, the goat cheese fondue, the organic salmon, the goat cheese tortellini, and of course the trio of desserts which included the peach tart, squash cupcake and chocolate peanut butter flan.  Everything was flavorful, cooked perfectly, and presented beautifully. Service was friendly, attentive, and prompt. They passed the water glass test and timing of courses had a good flow. We left there with a coupon for $20 off $40. I certainly don't need my arm twisted to come back!
5	we ended our restaurant week experiences with a fine-ass meal at Province. oh how happy. the restaurant is absolutely beautiful. very modern with clean lines and impeccable organization. we tried to sit outside, but it was still way too hot and they easily accommodated us inside. the staff: amazing. as i self-parked in the valet lot, the concierge walked with me to the attendant and sorted it all out so i wouldn't get a ticket (it was free anyway, but i didn't know that). our water glasses stayed full and everything was brought out in perfect fashion, right on time. our waitress was super sweet and very friendly. the food: A-freakin-plus!!!! chefs compliments of gazpacho which was excellent. my wife's heirloom tomato salad was acidic and sweet, a delightful combo, and my goat cheese fondue was oh so warm, earthy and smokey. second course of organic salmon for me and goat cheese tortellini for her. my salmon was cooked perfectly but i didn't really care for the pea puree that accompanied it. i loved the delicate tortellini and sauce my wife had...sent my eyes rollin back.dessert was a trio of p-butter/chocolate flan, squash cupcake, and peach tart....all 2-3 bites. small portions each course, but enough to leave us both feeling full and satisfied. i love that concept which is why i'm thin and healthy....avoid obesity. great restaurant and excellent food!
5	Now here's a restaurant that knows how to do Arizona Restaurant Week right.  Went here my brother over the weekend after a D'Backs game.  The place wasn't that busy and we got excellent service throughout.  The place is on the bottom floor of the Westin Hotel/Freeport McMoran building downtown and has a huge wine display, a relatively small dining area inside and a quaint outdoor patio.  Very elegant yet pretty laid back.They started my bro and I with a refreshing gazpacho and some hummus.  For appetizers, he got the shrimp ceviche while I got the crab and corn chowder.  Both appetizers were delicious and the portion sizes were small enough for the sauvignon blanc wine pairing that went with both of our appetizers.  For the main course, the restaurant paired our dishes with another glass of wine (pinot noir for him and and a cabernet sauvignon for me).  For the dish he got the green gazpacho salmon while I got the skirt steak with artichoke potatoes.  Wow.  Both paired wonderfully with the selected wines and the vegetables worked into both dishes in such a way that they both had a good clean flavor to both of them.  For dessert we both got a dessert sampler including a fruit tart, chocolate/peanut butter flan, and a squash cupcake with sweet cream.  The cupcake wasn't really my taste, but the flan and tart were both excellent.  In the end our stomachs were both full (but not explosive fortunately).  The portions for each course were manageable and elegantly prepared.  And the staff was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable.  Lastly, a HUGE thumbs up to them for giving us coupons to come back again before the end of the year.  They offered this to everyone who came for Restaurant Week.  I had already planned on coming back again, but this made that all the more certain.  This place is a gem amongst the burgeoning downtown Phoenix culinary scene and they left both my brother and I full and smiling from start to finish.
2	Talk about a disappointment. Restaurant week is something that my close group of friends looks forward to every year. It's a great time to experience something special from a restaurant we have not tried before. Our expectations were high are that the food and service would be impeccable since Restaurant Week is a showcase for creativity. Unfortunately, it was not the case this year. We had a reservation for 10 for Saturday evening. We were promptly seated at a long, comfortable table. However, things went down from there. First off, there were wine substitutions for the meal pairings. The pairing ($10 additional or $5 a glass) was a bargain, but the replacement wines did not match well with the food. The appetizers were a disappointment across the board. I heard negative comments about the ceviche and the corn chowder. I had the goat cheese fondue along with several others (with high praise from the server).  We all commented on its unpleasant, non-fondue-like texture and the tasteless crackers that accompanied it. The entrees fared no better. The salmon was overcooked, the tortellini was bland and the skirt steak was tough and not very favorable as skirt steaks usually are. The worst thing (noted by several others) was an artichoke and leek gratin. It was thick and dry as spackle and the worst item of the night. Nothing came out at the proper temperature. Dessert was an afterthought with a mini sampling of mediocre selections placed on a plate with no flair whatsoever. Though we enjoyed each other's company, we were completely disappointed at this subpar experience. Most said they would not come back based on this experience.
5	Just stumbled upon this one while doing some errands downtown.  Needed a snack and this ended up being a perfect choice!  They have a great tapas menu that is actually priced decently for how tapas should be ordered - in bundles! :D  The drinks are also priced reasonably and the staff was friendly.
5	I am SO happy we decided to eat here on our true anniversary (yay seven years!). Honestly, I picked this place because I had a groupon and I thought it would be fine, not as good as the places we went to over the weekend, but fine. I was so wrong. This place blew those other places out of the water. The place is in the Westin hotel, which is very nice and you have to valet the car, which was very handy and it's validated. The decor is super cute and modern. They have pops of bright colors and out on the patio (where we sat) they have one wall lit with green lights and a nice waterfall type thing. It's all very nice. So the BF got a Manhattan and I got a margarita, both were good. I really liked the salt and pepper rim on the marg, it was something a little different. They brought out a little amuse which was a tempura shrimp... the BF and I generally do not like shrimp, but we both enjoyed this one. It wasn't chewy and the shrimp flavor was understated. The bread was very good and came with a hummus -y spread that was made with white bean and was super tasty. So we got a bunch of things to share- the butternut squash soup, tomato flat bread, goat cheese tortellini and the cheddar burger. Everything was wonderful! The soup was creamy and had pepitas and some leaves of a brussel sprout in it.... sooo good, just the right amount of texture and it was a bit smokey... really enjoyed it. I think one of the best things was the flat bread. They make their own cheese and the flat bread was AMAZING! The tomatoes were super flavorful and the herbs they put on top (cilantro and green onion I think) make it even better. The roasted eggplant was tasty and the whole thing was a little salty, but in a good way. The tortellini was good, a little different, but good. We got the half order, so it was small, only 3 tortellinis but they were tasty and the greens that came with them were also good. The BF's burger was excellent, he said it was one of the best he's had and I tried it... it was really wonderful. They serve it with homemade ketchup that's almost like a bbq/ketchup mixture with a bit of spice... so good! And the fries were crispy and delicious. For dessert we got the pear tart on our waitress's recommendation and some coffee. The tart was wonderful! It was buttery, sweet, a little salty, and it had some hazelnut ice cream on it that just added a richness... super tasty. The coffee was also good and they give you a big metal carafe of it, so no waiting for refills....woot! The only thing that could be better is to use real cream for the coffee, not half and half, but that is a rarity. The whole dinner was only around 75$ (with the groupon, 35) so it really is a good deal. If we just got food, without the alcohol, coffee, etc, it would really be a nice affordable dinner, not just a special occasion place. One of the most impressive things, though, was the all around great service. Our waitress was great, friendly, and made good recommendations. They have a person who mainly fills water and she was on top of it... no running out of water whatsoever. The 3 guys that worked in the front and with the valet were also very friendly and we had a nice chat with them. One of the guys even remembered the BF's name when we came out, which is very impressive, as we were there for about 2 hours. It was very nice that although we were there for 2 hours, it didn't feel like it was a long meal... just nice and leisurely. We will definitely be back.
4	Province serves up "provincial" in an urban, contemporary setting.I knew lunch would be something to remember when I entered the Westin Hotel lobby.  It may seem like a small thing and it was more of a lobby detail than restaurant detail, but the place smells AMAZING!  It's not the smell of food, but an aroma of clean-meets-floral-meets-subdued-men's-aftershave that made me stop in my tracks to take in the moment.So, on to the restaurant.  The decor is refined-urban-contemporary and is nearly as inviting as the perfume in the lobby.  It's clean and comfortable without being pretentious.  Our server was friendly and advised us to expect South American flavors.  While he and the bus person were both very attentive, I did find it odd that we were never asked the typical "Is everything OK?" question, though everything was more than OK.We started with a crudites which included a pair of warm mini-muffin shaped carbs of some sort (pardon my ignorance), three pieces of crunchy, flat bread sticks (which to me tasted like glorified Goldfish Crackers) and a mini ramekin of velvety chickpea and dill dip.  The dip was great, but I could have passed on the rest.My friend started with the (pictured) Tortilla Soup (avocado, rotisserie roasted chicken) which I'm told was creamy and robust with flavor.  The chunks of chicken were meaty and moist.We shared the (pictured) Heirloom Tomato & House Made Mozzarella Salad (pickled onions, cilantro almond dressing.)  This was almost too pretty to eat with its artfully arranged colors of heirloom tomatoes and the oh-so-flavorful pickled onions.For the entree my friend ordered the (pictured) Spice Rubbed Grilled Shrimp Tacos (ancho aioli, pickled cabbage slaw, house corn tortillas) and am told the (what seemed to be braised) shrimp were very good.I ordered the (pictured) Grilled Berkshire Pork Tenderloin (anson mills grits, brussel sprouts, adobado.)  I requested to substitute the brussel sprouts and was easily accommodated with a switch to a vegetable medley.  The pork was super moist, though just shy of evenly cooked.  The adobo sauce was flavorful, but not so overpowering that is took away from the flavor of the meat.  The grits were fine but I couldn't get enough of the mixed veggies (carrots, squash, onion, kale, etc.)On the way out, the hostess chatted us up a bit and we learned the decorative moss wall is real...she mists it every day to keep it thriving.  The bartender thanked us for stopping by, even though we never had an opportunity to have a drink at the bar.  He tells us the pink chairs positioned at an angle are supposed to be inviting.  Between the inviting pink chairs where I haven't yet had a drink, the delicious food I couldn't get enough of and an outdoor patio with fire pit that looks like a great spot for day or night, I'll be back invited or not.  And if I arrive late and they're closed, at least I can still take in the scent of the lobby.
1	I enjoyed reading the dinner menu and the food sounded like it would be good...  I just never got a chance to eat any as no one ever came to wait on me after I was seated, so  I left.  I ended up getting some truly awful food at some place a few blocks away, but at least the service was good...
1	The experience was awful from beginning to end:1.  No greeter upon arrival.2.  Waited forever before order was taken.3.  Waitress was short (What do you want?)4.  Water glasses smelled like dirty dishwater.  When we told the waitress, she didn't even apologize.5.  Waited 10 minutes before complimentary appetizers (heirloom tomatoes and homemade mozzarella was not very impressive) were brought out to distract us from the wait.6.  A total of 30 min went by before our food came out.  7.  Grilled beef tenderloin was overcooked.  Medium rare came out medium well.  Couldn't get out fast enough.  Definitely overrated.
5	I ate at the restaurant a couple of times as I was staying at the Westin on business. The service was really friendly without being over the top. At dinner I was recommended a delicious wine to go with my food, the latter being faultless. Both times I have eaten here- dinner and breakfast the food has been superb. Both contemporary and classic- my Caesar salad came with a lightly spiced dressing which I will endeavour to recreate as it was so good. I would recommend this restaurant to anybody who wants a delightful eating experience.
4	I can see this place is going to be a new favorite. After coming here for an event last week, a friend and I came back today for the Dine Around event. I had the grilled tomato flatbread and goat cheese fondue. Both delicious. I had to really restrain myself from getting another fondue since this was my first stop on the route. Too bad because I could eat alot of that stuff. Drinks are decent. Today I had a mimosa ($6) and red and white sangria the other night. The sangria is dangerous!One item on the menu I am anxious to try is their shrimp and grits with manchego ($9). Oooh, that might be a visit tomorrow. Especially with the coupons the manager gave us.
4	1st stop on the dine around. We rated this a 3.75 and I'll round up to a 4 since looking back, it was probably the best stop of the day. It was our first stop, located right across the street from the light rail and located in the newly built Westin hotel. We were seated quickly and I started with the lagunitas which is dangerous :) We had the goat cheese fondue, tomato flat bread, and albondigas to eat. The flat bread was very fresh and good, though it was ever so slightly a little greasy. The albondigas, which I was excited to try, unfortunately lacked any spice or "kick" so it sort of fell flat. The hit of the table I'd say was the goat cheese fondue. Super good. I would highly recommend it and it was really delicious. Our server Don was great, and the manager came by and asked how everything was and offered us some coupons for our next visit. I would definitely like to come back for lunch or dinner, or happy hour on the patio.
5	Went to Province with a group of colleagues, so there was 8 of us.  It sits just off the lobby of the hotel with the bar almost in the lobby.  While not very busy on the night we went, the food and service was excellent.  We shared the Goat Cheese Appy, and two different flat breads.  Awesome.  Not a huge Wine by the Glass list, but the selection was great and even had a very reasonable house (I did not have).  Everyone loved their entrees and one of the best things is that some entrees can be had in half portions; a great value.  Beware of the Skirt Steak if you don't like spicy.  It's hot!!  All in all, a great experience.  I'll come back for sure.
5	Fantastic venue! Province really adds a touch of class and elegance in a way that isn't pushy or over the top. Located in the Westin Hotel, the restaurant feels very modern! You can choose to sit inside in a beautifully decorated and spacious dining area or enjoy their fabulous patio with fireplaces and a great water feature. The food was unbelievable! I sampled their tuna and watermelon appetizer and fell in love - what an amazing combination that I'd never have thought of.If the food isn't enough, the service is superb. Every interaction with the staff was excellent - you can tell they enjoy their restaurant and are happy to be there. I cannot wait to come back to Province as soon as possible.
2	hotel restaurants are almost always disappointing and this was no exception.the food is not fresh and out of the six things i got to sample i was disappointed with every single one of them.  the burger was really boring, lettuce and tomatoes looked like cafeteria food.  the salmon appetizer was inedible.  the tortillas on the shrimp tacos were stale.  not surprisingly, it was also overpriced.  in fairness the service was actually GREAT.  our waitress was very attentive and helpful.i jokingly suggested baja fresh on the walk over and kinda wish we had gone there instead.
1	I really wanted to love this place. I had initially seen this place on groupon then read reviews and the menu and was excited to try it. Its a type of atmosphere I like in a restaurant, very modern, and nicely appointed. This ended up being one of the worst dining experiences I have had in a long time. I'm generally pretty easy to please and very forgiving of little issues of a restaurant. This place missed on just about every aspect.We went at about 4:30 for a late lunch and happy hour. We sat in the lounge and greeted fairly promptly. Drink orders were taken. A little stingy on the pours of their wine. The Sangria, both red and white were tasty. The red Sangria had quite the kick. That was the best part of the evening. After asking for one more minute to browse the menu before ordering our server vanished. It was nearly 20 minutes before having to step up to the bar to ask to order food. We ordered a mix of items as I love to try lots of items from a new place. We ordered the burger, 2 different tacos, crab croquettes, and the meatballs. Most of which are small plate items. The tacos are very small and do not come on a white corn tortilla. I'm not quite sure what it was. I was not a fan. I hardly noticed that their was shrimp in the one taco. I only noticed from looking, it was not from tasting it. The skirt steak in the second taco was tender and flavorful. The crab croquettes and typical of bar food. You could taste the crab, not in a sweet Maryland style crab cake kind of way. It was more like a tuna fish casserole sort of taste. The burger was decent, but definitely not worthy of a $12 price tag. I have had larger Wagyu beef hamburgers for the same price that tasted so much better. The fries with the burger are good and the house made ketchup is great. The last item of what we ordered was the meatballs. Its a cute presentation with triangles of toast for dipping in the bland sauce. Unfortunately the meatballs were uncooked in the center. Not just undercooked and pink, they were RAW on the inside. I sent the dish back of course. The waitress was very apologetic and took them off the bill. As she was trying to clear the table she dropped some silverware and food at our feet. By this time she obviously was not having a good day. She brought us a complimentary dessert of a pumpkin cupcake with ice cream. The ice cream was great. The cupcake was overcooked and dry. When the bill arrived I gave my groupon and credit card to the server. The manager came back with both and apologized for bad experience and comped the whole bill. I'm not sure if I would try them again. The problems with the meal were very basic things that just should never happen at a restaurant of this level.
2	Well. The front of the house couldn't be better. Fabulous appearance, extremely attentive service, courteous server. High end glassware and place settings.  The server's presentation of the food builds your expectations...But.The food shatters the image.  We ordered a main dish, the goat cheese tortellini as an appetizer to share.  Good thing we didn't expect to fill up on this sad serving of 3 limp, lifeless blobs.  It was evident that the pasta was fresh but the flavor and texture were lacking.  And, I am being gentle.From there, we were scared to adventure in to other creative dishes so we stayed "safe" with the burger and fries.  Ordered medium, the hockey puck came out well-done with soggy fries to match.  Aye. My wife made me send it back threatening a better meal at the Burger King.  We rarely complain but we asked the server for a new burger, he obliged, graciously.  He served us some complementary bread items which were nice and fresh.  The new burger and fries arrived shortly and were upgraded from an F to a C+, at best.We were happy with the option for small or large pours of wine.  I really want Province to pull it together because it has great potential.  On a previous occasion, I enjoyed a burger, fries and margarita over happy hour in the bar.  I will be back because I remain hopeful for you, Province.
5	I've been here a few times since they opened (i live next door), and have always had amazing food, drink and service....untill (Que Law and Order Theme Music here) last Sunday night. When Alissa (the manager) is there, its a well run machine. Greeted politely, seated immediately, waited on perfectly. Sunday was the first time we went in, and she wasn't there (the on duty front desk mgr ((get to that shortly)) said she had worked the past 10 days in a row and deserved a night off; no question!). We were seated immediately on the wonderful patio, between the water fall and the fire pit. ordered drinks and apps, all came out fast and amazing as always. However, after an hour and 10 minutes of waiting for our main dishes we were beyond livid at our Stoned Out waiter. he seriously must have been in the back playing guitar and yanking on his curly white boy hair. we never saw him and when we did he continued to make excuse after excuse. At one point, he said they were plating our food....43 minutes later we saw him again. Then he blamed "the 14 top that was just seated"...um really? they were eating when we walked in; and they were THE ONLY ones in the entire place!!! When we Finlay broke down, and asked for a mgr, he immediately came over (Chris i believe) and asked what was going on. 2 minutes into the conversation, he said "stop, let me get this handled" and went to get it handled. our food arrived, along with out POS waiter who didn't say a single word. he just sat our food down, and left, never to be seen again. Chris came back over, and told us our entire meal was comped (all martinis, sodas, apps, entrees', everything!). I understand bad seeds. The only reason I'm still at a 5 star is because of the management, the normal service, and the food is beyond tasty. But, be warned of 2 things: you will pay a premium for the quality (worth every penny to me as long as hippie isn't your Waiter) and 2, if a white boy with curly hair and Cashed eyes is your Waiter, move seats out of his section. If i see him when i go back, my review will drop to 4 stars. Alissa, please smack him around a bit.
3	Eh, so-so.  Looking for a place to go at the last minute before a Symphony show.  Feels very hotel-ish.  Thinking the atmosphere is much better when the evening weather is warmer and the pretty patio is open.  My recollection of the food is that it was average, as were the prices.  Not terrible, not wowed.
2	I really wanted to like this place as I heard good and bad things about it. Maybe last night they were having a rough time, but alas here is my review.I met other yelpers here for pre-theater dinner. I will say there were about 20+ of us give or take at various tables. At the larger table of about 12, for some reason they just couldn't seem to get it together. Drink orders got mixed up, food orders came out very late or not all. Yes you read that right, not at all.  It got to the point that we were scrambling to eat the food some of us did receive and pay our bill to get out of there to catch the show. The table across from us, the entire party came in later than we did ( table of 6) and yet they were served there drinks, food, and checks in a very timely fashion. (and yes they were part of our group)I will say this, the food that we did receive was good and the staff was friendly enough but still it does not make up for the service. The restaurant was not busy and we had reservations so it was not like they didn't know we were coming  which makes this even more puzzling. Maybe I will try again if and when I am downtown and just sit at the bar. Maybe it was the fact that we were a large party, but again the restaurant was not busy. Maybe they were just having an off night.
5	This is the 2nd time we have been here and we can't wait to go back.                      The staff is so friendly and the Food is excellant!                                                          They even always give you a little sample of what is on the menu.              Wednesday is half price wine night. So we got a wonderful bottle of wine for only $17.00 and it was really good.  My girlfriend and i each had a different salad.        Very fresh and really good. We split the crab cake appetizers. Fabulous!                       I got the Burger and fries  Burger was great! Very moist ... My girlfriend got the Shrimp Tacos also very good, we were so full by the end of it all. Complementairy  bottled water . We love this place !
2	Pros:+ Design inside the restaurant+ Patio: fire pit, water wall, umbrellas, heaters+ Brunch served 'til 4pm on weekendsCons- Coffee is badbadbad- Inconsistent food quality- Super pulpy mimosas (maybe a 'pro' for pulp lovers? Their opinions don't count though; who likes pulp?)Getting out of bed after most places had stopped serving brunch two days in a row led to two consecutive brunches at Province last weekend. Which was good because now I know that it wasn't just one off day they had on Saturday, but that it's a genuinely mediocre brunch option.Coffee that was served was cold the first visit, burnt and bitter the second. Being poured the bottom of the pitcher led to grounds floating in my mug. Whatev, it happens. But the server not saying anything--or fixing it--was disappointing.Mushroom/goat cheese omelet was fine. Actually, pretty good. Dressing on the side salad was great & the tomatoes were super fresh (salad was better than the omelet). Benedict on visit 2 was really, really disappointing. English Muffins used as the base were great but that's where the positives end. The sauce was too thick, had very little flavor and there was way too much of it. Over-cooked poached eggs really piss me off. As a cook or a server it's painfully obvious when eggs are overdone. No jiggle? Don't serve them. Sadly, two completely solid eggs were put on my plate. Cut into them, took the solid top off like a lid to show the completely solid center and pushed them aside on the plate. Again, server said nothing.He got the pancakes on visit #1 and chorizo tacos on #2. Plate was cleaned both times, so they couldn't have been that bad. It's possible I'd go back, but only on a beautiful day to enjoy the patio and possibly try the mini churros.
5	I really like this restaurant. I recommend it to everyone.                                                    We have always had a wonderful time here. Valet parking for starters.                           The Staff is incredible always so helpful and you really enjoy them when you are there.  Kyle was our server this time and he told us about half price bottles of wine on Wednesday.  What a great deal!!!                                                                                     The whole layout of the restaurant is beautiful!!!                                                             The food is so good.       They have some really wonderful and unique dishes.            I can't wait to go back again. It is located on Central and Van Buren beneath the Westin Hotel.  You have to go, you will love!!
3	I was so excited and looking forward to dine at Province since missed the last fabulous event here.  The restaurant is cozy and very stylish.  I had dined with the same group as Ebony.  Province had a special menu for the Yelpers.  We were given 20% discount off of the menu.  The fondue with pretzel crisps and garlic cheese ball appetizers (not too sure what it was), but pretty delish!  As for main meal, I had the grilled shrimp taco. You get two mini tacos filled ancho chile aioli and shrimps.  I was unable to squeeze any juice from grilled lime.  Maybe I was hungry and weak.  One of my corn tortillas sort of fell apart when I picked it up, but, they were still good.   Unfortunately, the main meals arrived quite late, so most of us were rushing to eat before the show starts.  I felt really bad for Jami that didn't even have a chance to eat her meal. She had given us the show tickets, but had to leave to the theater.  A big thank you to Lindsey for the appetizers, coordinating this CMYE, and Jami with ATC for show tickets!   One slow night will not keep me away; however I hope the next visit will have a quicker food service.
4	While visiting Phoenix for work, a colleague was celebrating her birthday.  We are a rowdy crowd so I was looking for someplace that could accommodate 8-10 people who had already been dipping into the adult beverages.  Enter Province.  It's located in The Westin and has a beautiful, serene patio/dining area...well, at least until we got there.  The restaurant was empty.  At 7:30 p.m. I was concerned that we weren't going to get in but lo and behold, we had the patio to ourselves.  The service was wonderful, probably due to the fact that we were alone in this place.  Our hostess suggested we sit by the beautiful fire pit and enjoy our cocktails, which we did.  Our sever suggested we order at the pit and that they would come get us when the food was ready to be delivered.  What service.Food.  I didn't give it 5 stars because it took so long to get our food.  However, it was worth the wait.  I ordered the goat cheese fondue (which is more of a dip), the beet salad and the crab cake.  Others ordered the beef filet, lamb chops and chicken.  Everything was cooked to perfection and tasted superb.  We enjoyed a beautiful evening with a very attentive staff and wonderful food.  If I ever have to be in Phoenix again, I will be back to Province.
4	This was a great stop pre-opera for our group of four. (FYI Opera tickets are good for a discount, we did not know that!) The valet parking makes getting in and out very easy. Everyone enjoyed the food. We spent almost $50 a person, no alcohol. Menu items range from safe haven (steak-frites) to more adventurous. The arepas appear inspired by the Venezuelan variety, would be better with less or no blue cheese. Crab cakes were disappointing, but, then we just got back from Baltimore. If you didn't know what they were, you would not guess they were crab cakes. The chef apparently loves blue cheese more than we did, we all thought it was used a bit much in the menu items and we found the particular selection too strong for our taste.The salmon was good, not anything special. the Feijoada, pushed by te server, was also good. We'll go back to try more of the dishes. Overall the menu seems inspired by Venezuelan-Columbian and other Latin classics but takes a lot of liberties that are interesting, but may stray too far from the original for some of us that love those classics in their native form. We'd definitely go back for another opportunity to try more of the dishes. It is very pleasurable to see real creativity and a bit of culinary risk-taking in downtown Phoenix!
4	The decor is ultra modern yet cozy.  Very nice atmosphere.  Service was outstanding and staff was very friendly and helpful.The salmon was crispy with a sweet tangy sauce on top of a bed of spinach, onions and lima beans.  The sauce was a little much after a while but if you wipe most of it off and "wash" it a bit in the juices, its pretty perfect.  I'm a fan.  My friend had the chicken which was more sultry than sweet.  The flavoring was very good on that as well.  For dessert we had the Coffee and Donuts - crispy mini churros with some homemade coffee ice cream (VERY good), there was also a miniature mug with cocoa/coffee(?) in it.  All in all, the dishes are very creative and well thought out.  Not quite 5 stars, but tasty nonetheless.  We would definitely go back.
3	$16 for one white sangria?  Yep, that's what I paid.  Was it right?  No, but due to time constraints caused by the staff who were unable to efficiently accommodate our large group despite ample notice we were coming, I had to forgo the inquiry.  So much for our 20% discount.With my main complaints out of the way, I can say that I did like the clean and modern space.  Although we sat inside, they have a beautiful patio as well.  My husband and I had soup ($7) and shared several small plates ($8-$12 each).  The tortilla soup with avocado and roasted chicken was wonderfully spicy and full of flavor.  I was a little surprised by the small portion given the pricing, but it was spicy enough to be plenty.  The crab cake with chipotle remoulade was really nice, too.  I had the shrimp tacos to myself.  Although the shrimp was cooked perfectly, the tortillas did not hold up.  One disintegrated a bite into it requiring the use of my fork.  My husband also ordered the meatballs.  I tried one, and while they were tasty, I could do without.While I would be inclined to return for a cocktail or an appetizer, I would be hesitant to have dinner before a show or with a group again due to the extremely slow service in both getting our food and the checks.
3	I went here for Valentine's Day with my girlfriend. Upon entering the restaurant I was immediately impressed with the decor and atmosphere. The whole place had an ultramodern feel, with smooth Latin music softly playing in the background. We started off with some cocktails and shared their delicious crab cake. We also delved into their cevichi which was good but not super impressive. My main course was salmon which was very savory and not overcooked but I wished it had been served with some rice to compliment the vegetables. For dessert we shared a chocolate cake dish in addition to a strawberry concoction, both paired with a raspberry champagne. The service was impeccable, the wait staff even folded our napkins when we got up to go to the restrooms. Overall I enjoyed my meal, the ambiance was good, but the food was just okay, and in my opinion slightly over-priced. However it was very romantic and I had a great time dining there!
3	2 stars for the service 4 stars for the food. We had a party of 8 and on a Sunday morning sat right away. Service was okay. Not as organized or attentive as I would have liked. Members of our party had to constantly ask for things like salt, pepper, or sugar. The food, however, is good. I had the breakfast tacos...and with a little salt and pepper it was delish, and it comes with guacamole and salsa. The rest of the table cleaned their plates, too! We had the mushroom and goat cheese omelet, steak and scrambled eggs, smoked salmon and bagel, fruit salad, and eggs benedict. All excellent! Must try this place for the food, but don't expect great service.
1	I can't write a fair review for this place because I was so frustrated trying to get a table that I walked out. I was there at about 8pm on a weekday night. It was not crowd. No one was sat in the restaurant. A few tables were outside on the patio. We had a group of about 8. We wanted to sit outside, but the tables weren't arranged as such. The staff gave us so much sh*t for wanting to seat a group. We were made to wait. We said, we'll move it, no problem, no we were stopped. It was like we were completing imposing on the "style" of the place. When there is nothing going on and no one is there, would you turn down a party table who all want to drink? No, it's tips galore. After 15 minutes of waiting, being scowled out, approached, sighed out, told to wait again, we walked. I will not go back.
3	Good food. Sit outside. Its always slow here. I like food and drinks and atmosphere. Just wish they were quicker and wouldnt screw up so much
3	Have been here for dinner and breakfast.  Food is good but extremely overpriced for what you get.  If you are going to charge super premium prices, you should deliver super premium service and food.  Approximately $50 for breakfast for two.  That's outrageous unless you are staying at a Ritz Carlton or Mandarin Oriental.  The downtown needs more restaurants and business.  But, we should not have to settle for mediocrity and overblown, unjustified pricing.
2	We went to Province for a late lunch on a Friday. The restaurant was completely empty so you would think the food/drinks would come out quickly...unfortunately, that wasn't the case. We ordered the goat cheese fondue app - it was descent. Not overly flavorful. We both ordered a burger - it was delicious, but they only have a few topping options to choose from. Bacon is an option- it was really thick. Too much for this burger! The server was really nice but got both of our orders wrong. My friend wanted to sub asparagus for the fries- she got fries and no asparagus. We waited 15 minutes or so for the asparagus and when it came out, it was lukewarm. Probably won't ever be back, but it was worth a shot.
5	We visited this restaurant off the cuff, we happened to see it as we were driving by.  We were seated outside on the lovely patio.  Our server, Jesse, was gregarious and cordial and helped set the experience off to a wonderful start, explaining the tapas, dishes, and deserts with enthusiasm and excellent knowledge.  We started with 3 of the appetizers that were vegetarian (she is vegetarian, I am not), and a cheese plate.  For our main course she had the tomato soup and I had the skirt steak.  The tapas were excellent, no two ways about it.  The cheese plate was good, the pear jam a nice touch and balancing everything well.  She wasn't a big fan of the soup as it was very rich, dark, maybe a little towards paste.  I had the skirt steak which was ridiculously good.  The fries were also great.Dessert... I had a cup of coffee (great) and the peanut butter/chocolate special.  She had the apple crisp/sandwhich thing which was highly recommended by Jesse.  I have to give the nod to the apple desert, it was near perfect.  The peanut butter/chocolate concoction was also good, although a bit rich for me, and slighly spoiled by me tasting how damn good the apple desert was.The service was great.  Jesse made the night.  He was entertaining, helpful, and we had a nice (brief) conversation prior to leaving.  Good service helps.  Reading some of the reviews it appears that others haven't had the same experience; I guess maybe it was luck of the draw for us, but we'll definitely come back.
4	Went here with my girlfriend during restaurant week. It was a Sunday evening which may be why the restaurant was mostly empty except for two other couples. The decor is very modern with splashes of color here and there. Nothing that made me say wow but it was nice.The service was excellent on this day. I'm not sure if it was because of how empty it was but our server was always on top of our refills and getting our dishes out of the way. We happened to make a comment on how it seemed the caeser had too much of a mayo taste and the manager comped our drinks which we did not intend at all. Overall, we felt taken care of without feeling like our server was hovering over us.We had the flatbread appetizer which was ok but was salty. The chorizo already brought a good flavor to the dish but the chef also added sea salt to the spinach which was overkill. I had the strip steak done medium rare and it came out perfectly. A little on the bland side but it was still very good. My girlfriend had the steak frites. I had a few bites of it and thought it was really good also, however, she was turned off by the bright green color of the chimichurri sauce. The trio dessert was ok, nothing to write home about.Overall, I think it is a great restaurant to try during restaurant week. I think the regular pricing is a little high for this type of restaurant but it appears to be in line with other restaurants in downtown, especially one connected to a Westin.
4	For a long time, I have been looking for an upscale restaurant where my hubby and I can go when we are on a date night seeing a show downtown. There aren't really that many nice spots within walking distance of Orpheum Theater or Symphony Hall (I hate having to park twice) where I feel comfortable when I'm "all dressed-up".  Most places in the area cater to the ballpark crowd. This restaurant totally fit what I have been searching for... so it very ironic that on my first visit to Province I was in shorts and a sci-fi t-shirt and sweaty after a day of walking around the crowded Phoenix Convention Center. You see, in addition to being Restaurant Week, it was also Comicon weekend!Even though it was not specified in the menu online, I was pleased that the first course was supposed to be shared since most of the restaurant week menus at other places we had gone ended up being way too much food. We love Mexican seafood so we ordered the shrimp coctel. We both enjoyed the flavors in this dish very much, but agreed that this was not an authentically prepared version compared to when we have eaten it at various places. Also, it was served with no accompaniments and only one spoon, which I found odd. In Mexico it is usually served with saltine crackers and most American places provide chips or tostada shells so it is a pet peeve of mine when you get neither. For my second course, I got the tomato soup which was absolutely delicious except for being too salty; though that may just have been me since food tends to taste too salty to me when I am a little dehydrated. My husband said it tasted fine to him and he also really enjoyed his Caesar salad.For our main entrees, I ordered the paella and he got the strip steak.  The steak ended up being a really large juicy piece of meat that was quite delicious, as were the side vegetables.  My husband is not a fan of eggplant so he gave me the mini empanada that was on his plate. I thought it was fantastic! I also really enjoyed my paella, even though it was not what I was expecting. The rice was very soft and there was a lot of cheese. There was no shellfish or meat of any kind in it. Really, it was more like risotto than paella. But I love manchego so I thought it was really tasty. For dessert, we each got a trio to sample: a peanut butter and chocolate flan, strawberry mini tart, and a papaya cupcake. We both liked the cupcake the best, even though the coconut frosting was overpowering.From start to finish, the service was impeccable. I am truly surprised to read some of the other reviews on here. I loved the decor and was completely enchanted by the living art on the wall next to the hostess stand with all the moss and ferns sticking out. We will definitely be back to enjoy their awesome patio for happy hour next time we are downtown... or maybe for a pre-theater meal!
4	Facility is beautiful.  Flavors are creative and unusual, with a stunning presentation.  Warm, attentive and skilled service. Interesting Latin music was a little loud for my taste, though.  My husband had the apple stack for dessert, and said it was one of the best desserts he'd ever had!  $100 for two people, with only one of us having a single glass of the least expensive wine.
2	Not impressed at all.The goat cheese fondue was pretty good but the steak with chimi churri and fries was barely an OK. The service was good and the decor is really nice but for the prices, you could do way better.They're doing a "Latin America food tour" and it was Peru's turn. I didn't have the peruvian menu but my friend who had it was pleased. I guess I wouldn't go back.
2	I was so excited to try this place but, unfortunately, it didn't measure up.It was pretty vacant with only a few patrons in the bar and one couple in the restaurant.  It had the feeling of a place that isn't going to survive.  We got the mozzarella, tomato and garlic flatbread which was very lacking in flavor and the crust was soggy.  Based on the waitresses recommendation, we also got the shrimp tacos.  They were ok flavor but, immediately fell apart - MESSY!  Overall, the food was ok but the service didn't even rate that.  Unfortunately, I won't be back as we are blessed to have so many other fabulous places in town.
5	Passport dinner to Cuba was a treat for my taste buds last night, enhanced by our amazing server, Emily.
5	Lovely place, especially the quite large patio w waterfall wall.  Steak frites w chimichurri was really great, Marisa says the chimichurri was just like she's had in Buenos Aires.   They also have a great homemade ketchup.  Really liked the home made pistachio ice cream.  Also tried an apple honey crisp with phillo dough wafers and dulce de leche ice cream which was really terrific.  I'll be back!
2	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):6 Food5 *Drinks*5 Service8 Atmosphere5 ValueIt's not bad, but it's also not good.  The drinks are severely underwhelming and the food doesn't taste nearly as good as the high prices & small portion sizes would suggest.  The service is consistently stiff and/or poorly timed.  About all I particularly like is the awesome patio.There are just too many other awesome options downtown to spend your $ and calories here.
4	We get a date night rarely throughout the year, so I try and find something new when ever we get that chance. Once we made it into the restaurant we were both quite pleased with the decor and the atmosphere, little did we realize that this was just the beginning! The wait staff here is beyond friendly and knowledgeable, our server Sam was what you would consider first class in every aspect. His attention and knowledge started our evening off in such a way that I feel indebted to him!! Then comes the food....! We had a four course meal that not only included a wine pairing for two of the courses, but also a pre-dinner cocktail. The food was exquisite, the pork chop with the kale and pickled onion main course was grand, and the paired wine could not have been better.
4	Went here for dinner after a Dbacks game. We got the Puerto Rico Restaurant Week deal which is well worth deal. For a Sunday night it was pretty dead. The atmosphere and decor is nice, but the service was ok. I just didn't like how my plate was taken away when my date was still working hers.The food was good, but wasn't over the top good. The coconut flan with caramel for dessert was very good.Price seemed fair and I would come back again.Went here for dinner after a Dbacks game. We got the Puerto Rico Restaurant Week deal which is well worth deal. For a Sunday night it was pretty dead. The atmosphere and decor is nice, but the service was ok. I just didn't like how my plate was taken away when my date was still working hers.The food was good, but wasn't over the top good. The coconut flan with caramel for dessert was very good.Price seemed fair and I would come back again.
5	Went there last night for AZ Restaurant week and LOVED it!  My husband and I went with another couple and we all got the Retaurant week menu and also opted for the optional wine/cocktail pairing.  Everything was awesome, including the service, though, it had a slow start in the bar.  Not sure what the delay was but it took a while to get someone to come take our order so we coud enjoy some cocktails before dinner.  Once we were seated for dinner, our server Emily took great care of us.  We started with a choice of a cocktail, i enjoyed the mojito and my husband tried the pina colada.  Both were excellent.  Our first course was the roasted plantain and pumpkin soup with a poblano crema; it was delicious!  The next course was the arroz con pollo which again was very tasty.  Next came a wonderfully cooked and seasoned pork chop and tasty yucca black bean cake with a small bed of greens.  And lastly a coconut cream flan with a rum glaze.  (The wine pairings were very good as well.)  This is the third time I have dined at Province and always it is wonderful meal and great service.  Our friends were so pleased (it was their first time) that they are already planning a return trip.  Hope you check out Province for yourself!
5	The food is consistently good at Province. We often go here for breakfast..the steak and eggs is delicious. The steak has chimichuri on it to die for! The benedicts are also very good, their hollandaise has just the right amount of lemon flavor. For a short period they had build your own benedict and that was THE best thing I have had at Province....a benedict on brioche with bacon, avocado, and spinach....it was amazing! They stopped having that special the week after I discovered it....lame. Bring it back Province! Please! Anyway, we went for dinner again the other night and it was very good. Plus the BF and I got engaged here that night so it gets a little extra on its five stars. Hooray province!
4	What bad can I say about Province? In short, nothing! it's centrally located, nicely decorated, great food and impeccable service! It's my wife's favorite place to go get breakfast at downtown, and I've recently began coming for a nice steak under $40. They have a short but balanced menu that ranges from small plates like Scallop Ceviche to a NY Strip steak for around $32! They have a decent by the glass wine menu, some local beers and cocktails. I typicaly stick to a glass of red wine with my steak, but decided to have a beer with my dinner this evening. i got teh NY strip steak with leek gratin and abodada sauce and wilted spinach. It's a HUGE strip steak, and aggressively seasoned (the way it SHOULD be). My wife got the goat cheese fondue, teh scallop ceviche and we got some croquettes that were awesome! With my daughter's cheese pizza, drink, tax and tips, our meail was just under $100 (1/3 of that being my steak dinner haha). Over all a great place to get a good meal with great service. They also have a VERY nice patio that's perfect for this time of the year!
5	Located inside the Westin (valet on central). We popped in after a Suns game and enjoyed every moment. The Seafood Paella was particularly delicious. Service and atmosphere were also top notch.
4	Me and my daughter went here for Thanksgiving dinner. It says in the restaurant description, not good for kids, but my 8 year old fit in fine. Maybe that's b/c it was a holiday. The atmosphere is modern, trendy, colorful and just beautiful overall. The patio is as nice as the inside dining area. We were able to easily make a reservation on Open Table for the same day. The Thanksgiving menu was very reasonably priced ($26 per person,) the valet parking was free and the hostess knew my name and when we walked in - probably b/c they read the comments section from Open Table in which I noted it would be me and my 8 year old daughter coming in for dinner! Nice touch.    On to the food; it was largely traditional with the gourmet twists you would expect. Everything was served family style, and it came with a salad and dessert. My favorites were the turkey, maple sweet potatoes, chorizo stuffing, gravy, dessert and mashed potatoes. The not so good was the bland salad and the brown butter Brussel sprouts, which were really undercooked. While the atmosphere and staff were impeccable, the wait for our dinner was extraordinarily long. We waited about 45 minutes between when our salads arrived and our dinner arrived. Luckily, the ambiance and iPad photos distracted us.When I got the check, I noticed they only charged me $12 for my daughter, which was a pleasant surprise. I fully expected the pay $26 per person, as advertised. In summary, I will definitely go back, try their normal menu and hang out with friends. I just hope the service is faster next time!
5	Great addition to the downtown Phoenix dining scene.  We've been here several times now and each time they've varied their menu just enough to always keep our interest.  Not currently on the menu, but worth ordering is their seafood paella, with a delicious sauce featuring just a hint of coffee.  I know it sounds a bit odd, but it really works.  We've also had the empanadas and the meatballs (served in the cutest little Staub casserole).  I'm especially fond of their desserts, including the Honey Crisp stack served with Dulce de Leche ice cream and the spectacular coffee and donuts, warm little donut holes sprinkled liberally with cinnamon and sugar and served with a coffee ice cream and dark chocolate ganache ~ absolutely heavenly.  Although this is a very generous portion, if you have any dedicated chocoholics or coffee addicts in your party, you may need to order one per person, it's really that good!Lovely outdoor patio and charming staff make this one of our favorite places.
5	Usually when I restaurant is in a hotel, I will step away and go somewhere else - This was the exception, and thank goodness we stayed.  From the moment we sat down, the staff was attentive, but not hoovering.  We were served a little taste, before we even had a chance to look at the menu and then got excited to look at the menu.  Everything from the "little starter taste", to the pear salad, to the salmon, (and when everything else is that good, you HAVE to do dessert!)  Our server recommended the stack cake - which was also amazing.    You could be dressed up or casual - either way was okay.  We dined outside to enjoy the balmy evening - Great atmosphere, quiet, did not seem like a "hotel restaurant" - can hardly wait for my next trip to Phoenix to dine there again.
4	Some business colleagues and I enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Province last week. I would highly recommend the salmon and the staff were very accommodating of my food allergies.
2	DEFINITELY NOT SPECIAL OCCASIONOk, I really wanted to give this place three stars because after all even though it was definitely the wrong pick to celebrate an anniversary I wanted to be objective and review the food/prices/atmosphere. Unfortunately, I can't give it more than two stars.We picked this place after a long search for a nice place to celebrate a special anniversary and were pretty disappointed with the atmosphere. It's very cold, business-like, modern, not romantic AT ALL. It would be good for a business lunch or a dinner if you are from out of town with your coworkers but not good for special occasions. But again not really their fault. Now the most disappointing thing was prices vs service. The food was actually pretty good. We got Havana Flat Bread for an appetizer and my husband got Seafood Arroz Amarillo which was tasty and I got Bass with lobster mashed potatoes. My fish was excellent, and the potatoes had real lobster pieces in it (not just the taste like some places). The fire roasted peppers were a little disappointing because I thought they would be on the side but it turned out to be a pathetic little teaspoon full pile on top of the fish. But that's ok, overall the food was really good. However, for that kind of money ($130 check) the service was lacking. The waitress was polite but seemed like she didn't really give a damn and what killed it was coffee/dessert. We ordered coffee/desert and they arrived 10 minutes apart. Really? I might not be like most people but I prefer my desert to arrive with the coffee. And they were not busy at all! So I would pay maybe $60-$70 for this dinner experience but definitely not $130! Will not go back. There are plenty of places that are cheaper/better service.
4	Five of us came to Province for lunch. The lunch menu is what I consider California cuisine. (Sorry, in advance to the AZ natives who get offended.) Soups, Sandwiches, Salads, Tacos and Entrees are available at lunch.The ambiance is modern and chic with indoor or outdoor dining options. We had excellent service and the restaurant was really dead at Noon. Best thing was free valet parking! This differentiates Province from anyplace in  CA!
3	I ate at the Province restaurant while staying at the Westin for a meeting. The outside patio has a really nice atmosphere and is good for catching up with friends. The bar inside is definitely more crowded and loud. The food was pretty good, they have an interesting menu of south american food. I had the stuffed peppers and the spiced scallops which was the perfect amount of food for dinner. It was also accompanied by the mixed red wine which was pretty fantastic. The second night I ate there, I had the spiked caesar salad. It was pretty good, but I was still hungry after, I should have added one more tapa. If I find myself at the Westin again, I will definitely be having dinner at Province.
3	Very nice menu and atmosphere, worth trying.In our case, the side dish was cold, hmm.Kitchen and staff did their best to make it right, but still...
5	4 of us had dinner last nite in the courtyard and it was exceptional. Great environment, hint of city life outside, sound of water, and really exceptional food! Havana pork excellent, asparagus salad outrageous, halibut tasty, and our waiter Sam is one of the very Best. He's beginning a career as a singer and so you you get to Provinc while he's still there
3	We had dinner with our kids on a recent Friday night here.  The tapas and entrees were pretty good.  Our kids ordered from the kids menu, but did not like the pasta with red sauce or buttered sauce.   The seasonings were just not to their liking.  It's kind of like giving gourmet mac and cheese to a kid that is used to Kraft Mac and Cheese...it just won't work.  :)  We expected this but got them their own entrees just for the experience/ambience anyway.  The host, however, was apologetic that the kids didn't eat their food and offered to get us chicken nuggets or something else off the menu, but we declined.  THerefore, instead he bought my wife and me some more alcoholic drinks.  I might add that the drinks he bought us had more kick than the same ones we had ordered earlier in the evening.  :)The service and ambience were excellent.  They also had flamenco dancing on the patio which made the experience more fun for all of us.  The food was pricey, but we would consider returning for drinks and some tapas for a late night snack.
1	boo to our drinks with friends meeting. there were 9 of us. we met on the beautiful outside patio of Province. we had no plans for food, but i will preface by saying on a previous dining experience, the food was stellar. service was horrendous. we did get water...plenty of it. a server kept coming to the table with trays of water glasses, offering to get us more water. 30 minutes later, a member of our party finally went to the restaurant to get drink menus which we then waited and waited again for a server to get our drink orders. normally i don't put up with this nonsense and just leave, but 2 of our friends had their kids across the street at the YMCA and we wanted to visit with them before they had to collect their younguns. we quickly killed our drinks when they finally arrived because by that time, our couple friend had to go pick up their kids. i guess this time was a miss.
2	The food served was pretty good. But the service took so long to arrive.One of our orders was just forgotten. Overall , not a very good experience dining here. I won't recommend it to any one.
5	I have been to Province twice and both times it has been excellent. For a restaurant in its price range, I have found none better for food quality and service. There are several as good, Province has joined these on my list of places to frequent. I lucked out to get Kyle as our waiter both nights. He is attentive, polite and responsive. He understands when to leave you alone and is open to odd questions and suggestions. Both visits the kitchen has sent extra appetizers compliments of the chef. This is a touch that really makes the customer feel special. The food has been outstanding. On my first visit I ordered duck, which arrived tender, juicy and flavorful. I was also able to taste the salmon, which was well balanced with its accompanying flavors. The second night I had the skirt steak and it was perfectly cooked, the fries not overdone and still crispy. House-made ketchup finished off the taste balance with a touch of spice. The churros for desert were overly rich for my palate, but still delicious. My date ordered the strawberry tart and we just about got into a fight over the last bite. The blending of the cream cheese filling, the strawberry sauce on top and the drizzle of honey was just amazing. My only suggestion, especially for a restaurant advertising local and sustainable food, would be to increase the local beer selection. My personal favorites are Sonoran White Chocolate Ale from Cave Creek and Oak Creek Amber from Sedona. Several of my other favorite restaurants carry these and often tell me how popular they are. I will be going back, the food and service is worth the price.
5	Unexpectedly wonderful.Went on Monday night of Spring Restaurant Week. Place was very quiet, not a lot of diners. Everything was delicious and our server, Emily was great.Started with some complementary house made bread (it had plaintains in it) and an herbed dipping oil, then came the amuse bouche (sweet potato cake with pulled pork). Had the beef empanadas, skirt steak (with a good chimichurri) with frites and wait for it ... wait for it ... churros with dulce de leche caramel. Only regret is that we couldn't finish the churros. I had to ask if the food was always that great and was told that it was (plus they just started their spring/summer menu). It's a bit of a drive for us, but we'll be back.Complementary valet parking.
5	Went with my honey last Friday night - fantastic. Chris Jacome was playing his incredible flamenco music while his wife Lena danced, which was amazing (they are great and will be there every Friday evening thru July!). Our waiter Kyle was awesome and left us wanting for nothing the whole night. The food was delicious. I think we may have to go back next Friday... Thanks for a perfect night!
1	I am very sad to say that my boyfriend and i had an awful meal here. I hate giving bad reviews but i want to forewarn anyone before they go in here. I ordered the sea bass with lobster mashed potatoes. The fish was bland and the potatoes were cold. The lobster in my potatoes had a rubbery texture.  It was not appetizing at all. My boyfriend got the marinated skirt steak with sweet potato au gratin. The steak was supposed to be medium and it came out to the table well!  The sweet potatoes looked like a brick of dehydrated space food and were inedible and cold! We didn't want to complain at first but then the manager came by and we spoke up. They took $5 off our bill to make up for it and the manager promised our next meal would perfect!  It was so bad that there will never be a next time! Don't waste your time or money here!
4	Pretty typical hotel bar in the Westin with a full menu.  I will say that the service here, in particular the bartenders, was very good and pushed my impression of this place up a notch.  Certainly a great place to have a drink, but like most hotel bistro type places, the food is debateable.
4	The ambiance is kind of hotel restauranty but the food is very good! We started with Queen Creek warm olives and Valencia style shrimp. Both were excellent. And then our waitress brought out a great cornbread muffin with chipotle butter. We shared the skirt steak which was cooked perfectly with an awesome chimichurri on top. Service was awesome and they have a great wine selection. Overall, an excellent dinner!
3	Stopped over here after dinner at the Crescent Ballroom for dessert and to mainly enjoy the atmosphere. Where else can you find a cool lit waterfall in the middle of downtown?! The hostess was really nice and let us pick any table we wanted outside. There was only one other party outside but sitting near the waterfall did make it feel a bit cooler. Our waitress arrived shortly and we ordered the caramelized banana split for $8. When it arrived a short time later, its presentation was fairly fancy with one banana, split in half, caramelized (read: slightly burnt but in a good way) and one scoop of vanilla ice cream and everything covered in peanuts. While it was good, for $8 it seems like it should have been a lot more considering all those ingredients combined probably cost $1. Would it have broke the bank for two scoops? Oh well, it hit the spot and we got to enjoy the neat little patio.
4	Pleasantly surprised does not come close to how I felt after stopping in last Thursday for "Chill at Province" which is held on Thursdays and Fridays with music (DJ Mike Hooker on Thursdays and live music by Micah Bentley on Fridays) and specials on drinks and apps until 7:00pm.I have been to Province a few times and let's just say that they're not at the top or even on the middle of my list of places to hang out. They are going to the top of my list for Thursdays and Fridays.Let's start with the music: DJ Mike spins some great tunes, very chill and relaxing...exactly the kind of music I was to unwind with after a long day at work.Moving on the the specials:-HUGE pitcher of Sangria for $10. You heard it right kids, $10 for a big pitcher of  Sangria. -$5 pitchers of draft beer-$3 for empanadas and tacos or $4 for flatbread.We chose to imbibe on Sangria and beer and order some tapas:-Chorizo Meatballs topped with cheese and a tomato sauce with a kick---DELICIOUS-Artichoke and Goat Cheese Croquetas:not a huge fan of goat cheese but I was fine  with this-Crispy Fries with house made ketchup: fries are a dime a dozen. That being said,   these fries were pretty damned good!Our bartender was awesome and attentive so we really had a great night and I will definitely be back once my liver has had a few days off.The ONLY thing I would recommend is that these guys do something about the lighting....it is WAY too bright in there. The place would have a LOT more atmosphere and would compel guests to stay AFTER the specials end if they turned down the lights or even added some mood lighting.
4	First time at this little jewel in Downtown Phoenix. Today was the second part of their menu relaunch. Casey, my server was very polite and cordial as was the rest of the staff. The Roasted Butternut Squash Soup was delicious. Entree was a Vegetarian Sandwich with French Fries. Only complaints: (a) Ratio of fries to the sandwich was too large. Three-Fourths of the plate was the fries, (b) personal opinion, but the sandwich needed a touch more seasoning. Overall, a very wonderful experience and I will be back.
2	This is a hard one for me. Although the food is fantastic, the service sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love the music played on Saturday nights on the patio (played by a DJ during the cooler months), but if you want food and/or drinks expect to wait. I don't know where all the servers go, but they always seem to disappear. This past Saturday, I even went and got my own drink at the bar after waiting ten minutes at my table outside on the patio. Let me just say....the bartender was HORRIBLE!!!!!!!! He should find something else because he clearly doesn't want to be there. He was so RUDE!!! Service is big for me and that's why I had to give it two stars. Fire all the wait staff and bartender and get people that know what they are doing. Food is fantastic, music is amazing and service is a thumbs down.
5	We came here before a concert - what a great little place!  Located inside the Westin, it's a hip funky boutique restaurant with an emphasis on Spanish cuisine.  They have a large selection of tapas and if you want to make a meal out of tapas, order at least 2 or 3.  The drinks were inventive and tasty.  Our cocktails came with bleu cheese stuffed olives and the waitress was kind enough to bring us a couple extra.  The little jar of mushrooms and goat cheese was divine.  The beef empanadas were moist and cooked perfectly.  The shrimp tacos were superb.  Had we not been a bit pressed for time, I would have liked to stay for dessert.
4	The boyfriend and I indulged in a seriously delicious brunch here the other week... Hold on to your sweet tooth. We started with their donut holes. They are crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside, covered in cinnamon sugar and served with a caramel sauce. Yum! Then I went with the pancakes. Their pancakes are served with diced cinnamon apples, granola and fresh whipped cream. You get a hefty stack and a side of pure maple syrup for added sweetness! I downed a couple mugs of their very good coffee as well. The bf ordered the club and he ate it all, so it must have been good!  Prices are very fair, more than fair considering this is set inside a Westin and hotels often mark food up astronomically.  The hotel valet is complimentary for those dining here.  Our server was kind, prompt and informative with our menu questions.My only complaint is the hostess was off setting up tables for a large party, so regardless of our reservation we waited about 6-7 minutes at the hostess stand before someone spoke to us.  Its not something that would keep me away, but I can't imagine its good for business to have customers standing around unacknowledged for that long.
5	This is a beautiful restaurant with a great patio for afternoon drinks or a sunny lunch date.  On my last visit I had the Roasted Beet & Bleu Cheese Salad which was to die for.  I could eat that every day.  I also had the BBQ Brisket Sandwich which was a disappointment.  It was good but below average compared to others I've had.  (Hey, I'm from Kansas City; I take my BBQ seriously.)  Still worthy of five stars.
3	Province is much better for dinner than it is for breakfast. I seem to only frequent this place when I don't want to venture out into the city in search of food AND room service (the restaurant is connected to the Westin) isn't an option. For dinner: I find the Roasted Beet & Bleu Cheese Salad and Scottish Salmon to be my ultimate faves. I've had the empanadas and barramundi cod before which were not as tasty. The drinks here are hit and miss, but they do have a lovely happy hour if you are ever able to make it in time.If you aren't in the mood for food, they have a great patio and bar area to unwind after a long day and Don (one of the regular bartenders) is the best.
3	They no longer serve the delicious cinnamon rolls and the service was kind of lacking last time I was there. This used to be our favorite downtown breakfast spot but I'm not sure if its worth the drive from chandler now.
4	Tasty tapas and unique Latin flavors. A little pricey but you don't feel like you're in Phoenix out on the patio which is a plus.
2	It was OK, nothing special.  The portions were pretty good, but overall, I felt it was on the pricey side for what was offered.
2	Went here for valentines day. When I set the reservation I asked to be sat on the patio, then asked again when I confirmed the reservation via telephone and was assured this wouldn't be a problem. When we came in the hostess was very dismissive and just said it was reserved for other people. We sat inside and the food was good, but nothing special. The only reason this isn't a 1 star review is because our waitress was very nice.
4	Had lunch at the bar using the luncheon menuRosemary Chicken was to die for. Beef skewers delicious. Warm spinach salad was lite and refreshing.Tried the wood ford bourbon - what a smooth sipping whiskey had to try a second one to be sure Staff was  attentive and atmosphere were Inviting.Whole experience was great.
2	Somewhat disappointed, given prior reviews. We were in town for a conference and came here for a group meal. The restaurant is part if the Westin. While I appreciated the farm to table concept, the execution fell short. Several of us ordered the beet salad. While it was tasty, the presentation was poor--somewhat monochromatic. One person had mostly greens with only two or three small chunks of beet, and mine had absolutely no goat cheese. When I brought this to the attention of the server, he had to check there was supposed to be cheese in it before bringing me a small cup of goat cheese.Several of us also ordered the seafood stew. Not only was the broth extremely tasteless, the odor was very fishy, to the point that non-seafood eaters at the table were offended by it. The small chunks of crabmeat were overdone.Overall, I was not very impressed and would probably not return next time I'm in town.
3	Went here for brunch because we had a voucher. Overall I was impressed by our meal. My husband and I ate outside on the patio which was very pleasant.  We ordered coffee (3.5) and I ordered a Bloody Mary  which was a little on the spicy side but tasted fresh and my husband ordered a mimosa ($6 each). We shared the seasonal fruit plate which has a nice variety of fruit  including strawberries, cantaloupe, honeydew, blueberries, blackberries, and pineapples, but the melon was not ripe and some strawberries were over ripe ($8). I ordered the corned beef benedict ($11) and my husband ordered the classic benedict ($12). The corned beef was a little dry, but I should have expected that! The hollandaise was tart. Best breakfast potatoes I have ever had! We made a reservation per our voucher request but the place was almost empty. I was disappointed that the Westin does not have complementary parking for its guests.
2	Brunch.  Beautiful restaurant, really good service. Mediocre food. We had a party of 6 and they were able to seat us right away, we had mimosas and Bloody Marys... the Marys were good the mimosas were light on the champagne, too much orange juice. We ordered appetizers... chicken skewers, juicy and flavorful, steak bites were very yummy some pieces were a little fatty but it was cooked nicely and the rub was great. The house made potato chips were light and crispy and yummy. The fruit plate was really nice, could've used more yogurt but I probably could have asked for some if it came down to it. The pastry basket was just ok. The corned beef was very very crispy and a little on the salty side so some might prefer it that way, but unless you order it extra crispy I don't think it should automatically come this way. The omelette was okay nothing to write home about, the breakfast potatoes were way overdone they were very very very crispy and tasted of oil. Turkey sausage and egg whites.... How do you mess that up. Here is where the real disappointment was.... The Croque Madame. They have no right calling it that because it is nothing like a croque madame. There's not a shred of Gruyere on the plate nothing has been broiled the bread is soggy and mushy, and the eggs still had a lot of raw white and the bechamel was flavorless and pointless. Do not order this meal there. It is terrible. It is nothing like a croque madame. Province is going to need to step their food game up if they want to survive with the locals.
3	I love breakfast, especially Benedicts, traditional or otherwise. My poached eggs were over cooked. What's worse was when my waiter told me they've never had a complaint and that next time I should order them differently.  Pic is posted, you be the judge.
5	What a great restaurant.  My friend and I went there on Friday night for dinner and to see the Flamenco dancers.  They were excellent-- interacted with the crowds that came to see them, but the restaurant was what was exciting.  I have eaten at many restaurants and never have I had the level of service I had at Province, inside the Westin.  The manager fixed our table so we could have the best view of the dancers, and interact with them.  Also, they gave us happy hour prices on the wine, because they were a little short staffed when we first arrived, and so we had to wait to order our wine and it was after happy hour.  They had a special event so they had a lot more people there than usual.  The server was attentive.  We both had the fish stew, oh it was good and not too filling, plus we shared a side of polenta and we shared the beef skewer an excellent appetizer to share.  When we finished our meal we were full but not overly so.  The dinner tab was reasonable.  We had the shared appetizer, two glasses of wine each,  the fish stew, and the shared polenta all for $35.00 each, which included the wonderful dancers and the great guitarist.  I would call this place a sleeper, in that it has to be one of the best dinner spots in downtown Phoenix for the price.
2	The patio has a nice vibe and we were seated. Craft beer and extensive wine list was yum. The menu though..really needs work.  Beet salad. fried veggies and calamari, salmon with lentils, chicken ala boring. The menu was just so...limited.  If we were not famished we would have looked for another place, but the valet had already parked us.  Complimentary valet service was nice. I ordered a vegetarian black bean burger. It came with fries, but I substituted for fruit. The fruit bowl was huge, but the fruit was day-old melon.  My friend had a boring chicken sandwich. Grilled and tossed across a bun..just blah.  We were confused on wait staff-who was serving us? Three people came by. They were confused with fetching a little ketchup for me to try and spice up the bean burger.  The bean burger was dry and arrived with no sauce or toppings except lettuce and tomato.  We ate just to eat,  tipped and were left with a feeling..nice place for a nice drink and a chat if you are near The Westin, but other than that...prepare to be bored.
5	I have been to Province for brunch and also for dinner.  The food is delicious and the service is impeccable.  The Westin Phoenix is a beautiful hotel in downtown Phoenix.  Even though it is in the heart of downtown, the patio has been designed for privacy and comfort.  The manager and his staff go out of their way to make your visit a wonderful one.  Go on a Friday evening, and see the flamenco dancers.  Me and a friend went last Friday night, and a flamenco guitarist played music while male and female flamenco dancers danced.  It was wonderful. Dinner, drinks and a free show - you can't beat it!  Oliver was our waiter, and he was just great.  He is friendly and professional, and was able to give us good suggestions to meet our dietary needs (gluten allergies).  This is one of my new favorite places!  I will definitely be back for more.
2	I've given this place two tries within a week. The service is very good and I have no problem getting a table as it's dead. That makes it a quiet environment where it's super easy to have a conversation.I stick to the soup and salad duo at lunch which may be part of the problem. The soup is good but the soup of the day has been the same for two days this week leading me to believe that it's freshness is in question. The salad I tried both times is the beet salad. It's also good but the portion is really small and underwhelming. I left hungry on both occasions.It is super easy to drive up and valet off central which makes it attractive for a downtown spot but since I'm walking from my office, that's not a consideration.I'm afraid that I'm taking this one off my lunchtime list.
1	Doing the Phoenix Urban Wine Walk.  Walked 8 blocks in temps of 104 to Provence @ the Westin Hotel for the advertised beef kabobs.  They ran out at 3pm; event goes till 6.  Poor planning.  I won't be coming back!
4	We went for brunch and it was very good. The pork belly potatoes hash was my favorite. I had to order another one because they were so good. The place is on the nicer side but the wait stuff was very nice. I also ordered the omelet it was good as well.
5	This is one of my top 5 places downtown. Upscale in a comfortable way.
4	Went here after the symphony. We were almost the only people in the restaurant and we treated royally. Food was good. They were out of the wine we ordered so they suggested another selection, a bit more expensive but they only charged us the amount of the bottle we originally ordered. Will definitely go back!
4	I like to think I'm a good local, but I never knew of this place until the Travelzoo offer came. A wonderful brunch spot right in downtown Phoenix (inside Westin Hotel). The decor is lovely and the service is on point, but the menu is also quite interesting. My favorite part is that they brew Intelligentsia Coffee (a Chicago favorite). One criticism: if the menu states 'roasted red peppers' I do not expect yellow, which are not as tasty. Overall, great experience I will repeat.
5	Really good service. One of the best lattes that I have had in a while. The pancakes were amazing; toasted pecans were Devine. Hollandaise on the Benedict was amazing. Nice ambience and lots of space.
4	We had a TravelZoo voucher that covered weekend brunch for $25 including a Bloody Mary or Mimosa each. Food, especially the beef skewer appetizer, was very good and moderately priced (even without the coupon). We sat out on the patio and the ambiance was relaxed and very pleasant. Service was excellent. Valet parking is free with restaurant validation. We will definitely be going back, even if we have to pay full price.
3	Being inside a luxury hotel that shares its building with the biggest mining company in the world, but being stuck in the middle of downtown Phoenix, I'm going to guess that Province is a big hit during the week.  But on a Saturday night in June, my wife and I practically had the whole restaurant to ourselves.  Not to say a quiet evening out wasn't appreciable.The biggest pro about Province was its great service.  I really liked our server who was very attentive.  There is also a $50 for $25 gift certificate on local dines (https://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485), but it's only valid for dinner at this restaurant.The biggest con is that while the food is not bad, it's not really worth a trip downtown.  We all know that downtown isn't the happening place in the valley (even on a Saturday with the D-backs playing the Giants just down the street), but there are a few unique spots in the area.  I respect the overused farm-to-table concept, and the food was fresh and flavorful, but not anything that begged me to come back for more.  If you find yourself at the Westin and don't want to walk down the street in the summer heat, then by all means give Province a try.  I personally would hit up a few other places that are in the immediate area first.
5	The ribeye is a must! Order the chicken entree as an appetizer & enjoy the best two things on the menu.
1	Update: they changed chefs. It is just a terribly average place now. Completely different recipes and no attention to detail. The place is now also disgustingly filthy. Vacuum the floors and clean the chairs sometimes?Original 5 star review: I've been to many places around US, but the omelette, potatoes and the strawberry-chocolate jam here are by far the best. Excellent.
5	Amazing! I had brunch here on a Saturday with my husband and his mother. Everything was perfect. We started with the fruit and yogurt plate. Light and tasty. Husband had the Eggs Benedict - he was happy and is quite the food critic. Mom and I each had the Croque Madam. Delish! Service was excellent. Ambiance was soothing. I only wish it wasn't so hot out so I could enjoy the terrace. Will definitely be back once weather cools.
1	Service was good but food was tasteless.  Called in advance to ask if they had a bloody mary bar and was told yes.  Upon arrival we were told it was offered only on holidays.  Dissapointed!
3	I had a work lunch here during the work week and the overall experience was fine. This is a great place for "work" type meals because it's upscale and the service is quick and professional. The acoustics are good, so while the restaurant was pretty full, it still seemed quiet and it was easy to converse. The restaurant is quite pretty, with natural and modern elements well fused, big floor to ceiling windows which let in light, and a nice little patio with a fire feature. I had the black bean burger which just...wasn't that good. The house made patty was very thick but also very dry and flavorless. Yes, it tasted like black beans, but I think some cumin, garlic, and spices would have gone a long way. The menu mentioned it was served with chipotle aioli, but mine was missing, and I didn't want to interrupt my conversation with flagging down a waiter and getting it fixed. I'm sure the overall taste would have been better with the punch and moistness of an aioli. On the lunch menu there was another vegetarian entree (tofu) and two pizzas that were vegetarian as well.
5	While staying at the Westin Hotel in downtown Phoenix for a couple of days, we decided to have breakfast at the Province Restaurant mainly due to convenience, since it was inside of the hotel. We were all very pleased with the entire dining experience. The food was absolutely delicious, but the real icing on the cake was the fabulous service we received from Debbie. She greeted us with a smile and such a positive energetic attitude. She went over and beyond what was expected, as far as making sure all our needs were met. You can bet the next time I stay in the downtown Phoenix area and dine at Province, I will specifically request to be seated in Debbie's section.
4	My fiance and I had a great brunch at Province.Like a lot of people, we had the Travelzoo deal, which came with tasty mimosas, some delicious granola, coffee, and 2 amazing entrees.  I loved the Superfood Skillet.  The menu overall is pretty limited, but everything is great.Service is excellent.  Everyone was very kind.  Plus, valet is free with validation.If I lived in Downtown Phoenix, I would for sure return.  For people who live outside the immediate area, I'm not completely sure it's worth the trip.Enjoy!
5	Trini was a great bartender who knew all of the answers to our questions and made amazing dirty martinis. After putting up with all our drunken shenanigans, she ran out after us to return our debit card, which we had forgotten. Thumbs up to Trini. We will definitely be going here again! Also, on Christmas Day, Don was fabulous too!
5	Don, the bartender in the hotel bar, is a delight for any out of owner.  Very clean, nice ambiance.
