4	Another typical Party City, but I will say that this Party City isn't quite as full as others. It's in a smaller building and they don't have a large inventory. They have a decent amount though. Party City is fun to visit if you are looking for fun gadgets and knick knacks for a party. They have practically every theme here, but it also all depends on the season for certain holidays. Everything is reasonably priced and it's always fun to visit!
4	I checked out Party City with some fellow Yelpers after the Rubio's Yelp Event. It was fun to check out this place with my fellow Yelpers, although I just went along for the ride since I wasn't looking for a costume.There's all kinds of stuff there and can fit most budgets. A previous yelper review was bitching about the pricing. I found a very cool Batman mask with the ears and all for about $5.Judging by the pictures of the The Monsterland event the next evening, my fellow yelpers found some cool outfits as well.
2	Didn't know Party City also sold costumes.  (I've only visited one a couple of times in VA when sister needed balloons for her kids' parties.)  While the huge displays initially seemed impressive, they quickly revealed that the costumes sold here were of very low-quality.  Faced w/ two choices of spending $60+ on a costume here, or going to a party w/out, I'll choose the latter.  Better still, I'd give my sister $60 and see what she can come up w/!  (She's made a few clever ones for under $15!)Customer service was also very bad.  The adult costumes I tried had run out of size extra-small and small, and the medium I was offered was too big.  When I asked if there were equivalent styles in the children's section to try, I was told that was a good idea and I should go over there and have a look.  The sales rep could've at least offered to check.  Any chance of my giving in and spending $50+ plus tax on cheap pieces of crap flew out the window when those words came flying out of her mouth!  (That's $50 plus tax on a costume for which accessories would still have to be purchased to complete the look.  Oh, think of how many potential purchases lost bec. of lousy customer service offered here?)The second star was for the info given by the cashier to a friend who bought a cape that any item returned within seven days of purchase would be returnable for the amount paid.  If only I would be caught wearing their costumes in the first place would this info be of use!(BTW, my friend returned said cape.  Nice!)
1	I came to party city looking for supplies for a jungle themed birthday party for a little boy.  I didn't find much in stock that suited my needs.  There were a lot of luau themed party supplies.  I did manage to find a few things that would work for my party, but upon interacting with the staff, I decided against purchasing any of the items I had gathered.  One young man was helpful in a perfunctory way, but the young woman who seemed to be in charge was so rude that I voted with my feet and walked out without spending any money.
3	Party City, your mess makes me want to cry! This is my go-to Party City, but after today's visit, I might need to find a different go-to party supply store. Upon walking in, I was immediately welcomed by boxes after boxes of items that needed to be unpacked. The boxes were stacked high (probably at least four feet) blocked aisles and they blocked shelves that I needed to get merchandise from.  I noticed through the a crack of the piles of boxes that a disco ball I needed for an upcoming party loomed somewhere on one of the hidden shelves. Unfortunately though, I couldn't move the heavy boxes to actually find one in a box, so alas, no disco ball from this Party City store. I asked two sales staff to help me look and one kind of did but gave up after a brief attempt to move some boxes. I also looked in the costume section hoping to find a 70s outfit and some boots for an upcoming party. However, when I came to the boot section, I found more boxes stacked high so I was unable to see if they even had the shoes I was looking for. The store was a complete mess. I've never seen a store so unorganized during work hours. I understand that they must have literally just gotten a shipment in, but having worked in retail myself, I know that the cardinal rule is to keep the shipment in the back in order to allow the customer the best experience possible. Once the customers leave and the store closes, then you bring out all the boxes and stock the store. It's pretty unorthodox to do it at 4:00 PM on a Wednesday when the store is full of people. I also spent less money because the store was such a mess I couldn't find what I was looking for and the staff didn't seem to notice or care. I also noticed several signs around saying that Independence Day items wouldn't be accepted for returns after June 26th... not the 5th of July after Independence Day is over, but nearly a week before...odd. The reason I didn't bring this down to a 2 star is because this was a one time experience with this Party City and I really, really hope they get their stuff together when my next visit comes around. I probably have 3-4 theme parties a month which means I rely on Party City all year-round and I need a party supply store that's organized, friendly and stocked.
4	The Better Half turned the big Four-O recently, so I dropped by this joint to pick up some fun party decorations to make her feel really special....ha!  After browsing through the aisles of stuff....and there's a lot of stuff here, I settled on a giant "4-0" set of ballons.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/party-city-scottsdale?select=CSo5cRvzYenNbHqtdhZDiQ#CSo5cRvzYenNbHqtdhZDiQBefore I left the store, I walked around to get some ideas for Halloween and the kiddo's birthday later in the year.  It's so much fun to hang out in stores like this.  The employees here are very friendly as well.  Overall, it was a pleasant experiences.Return Factor - 90%
3	I've never been a big fan of Party City and this Party City is no different than any of the others I've been to. The parking lot is pretty crazy though, since there are so many other businesses in the area. It can be a madhouse trying to get here, especially during the lunch hour. The inside is laid out the same as most Party Cities, but I've never memorized this. I still get lost and can't always find what I'm looking for, which can be frustrating. This place seemed dingy, but the lighting wasn't good either. The prices are decent, especially for party items that you know are just going to be thrown away after one use.The employees were really helpful though and I was able to get in and out rather quickly. If I needed anything party related, I'd come back here.
4	Of course since it's Halloween time the place was a touch chaotic, but all things considered (people pulling costumes out of bags, kids running amok, and things being left where they don't belong) the place was clean and organized enough that we were able to find what we were looking for as far as pirate themed decorations for my desk.  The staff was nice and helpful at the front end and we checked out in just a few minutes. I recommend hitting them up on a weeknight in the beginning / middle of the week so that you aren't with every one shopping last minute this weekend for costumes / decor.  Can't wait for the holidays and desk decor at that time!!Overall: AWe will definitely be back considering the upcoming holiday time.
1	Extremely bad customer service! All the employees are rude including the manager. My friend and I went looking for Halloween costumes and asked for help from one of the employees. He said "I'm currently helping a customer I will be right with you" we waited for him to become available for 30 minutes while he continued to help others that arrived after us. We asked to speak to the manager because we kept been ignored then he asked "Is there something wrong?" My friend responded "Obviously you haven't helped us" his response was "I obviously haven't" then walked away and he rolled his eyes. The manager came and spoke to us and apologized but you could tell she didn't care. When we checked out the cashier didn't greet us, all he said was "By the way you can't return this." And threw the items in the bag. Their store is super trashy! Never going back to this store. Their region manager should pay them a visit some time soon.
1	Don't ever buy s costume here.   My wife bought a costume and tried to return it 3 hours later and they wouldn't take it.
