5	Having the pitaya (dragon fruit) colada! Pineapple and coconut with granola and beautiful bright fuchsia sorbet, so good!! Trying to eat just a little of it though, can be a problem. I usually just want to eat the entire thing in one sitting. Love the new location and will definitely be back!
5	Awesome acai bowls!
1	This place sucked. It was slow, they messed up our order and the people inside were rude. We went trying to get a FAST healthy lunch and ended up with a slow, gross smoothie. Over charged us by $2.00. It may be healthy but it's not worth the wait or the cost. $13 for two smoothies was ridiculous. Won't be coming back.
5	This place was AMAZING!! So good and so healthy! The service was fast and the workers were unbelievable friendly! This is my new favorite place in Chandler! Try the peach passion pitaya!
5	This place rocks. I almost can't go a day without having a bowl. I always get raspberry pecan or Strawberry passion. But I think you really can't go wrong with any of the flavors! And the fact that the bowls are made with all whole foods, no add-ins of sugar or ice or excessive liquid. This stuff fills me up and I'm a growing boy, so I usually have a problem finding places that do that for me!You have to come try this at least once! But I'll warn you, you'll become addicted!
5	I've eaten a lot of acai bowls in California and I have to say that the ones here at Fresche are the best I've ever eaten.  I love the chocolate coconut acai bowl which keeps me full for hours. The tropical acai bowl is light and fresh with mango, pineapple, and coconut. They also offer ones with almond and cashew butter which add a richness and keep me satisfied longer.  Also, such a cute inviting place for lunch dates. I'm definitely addicted!
5	This place is delicious. The acai bowls and juices are my go to! Very friendly staff and the inside is cute as well.
5	Best acai bowls anywhere! Chocolate coconut is my favorite. Anytime i travel i go to places that sell acai bowls & they never compare to Thrive/Fresche. This place has so many varieties of bowls & sizes. It truly is a meal. I love that there are so many mix ins & protein options. I have read other reviews about the wait, but they do prepare everything fresh after you order it so i'm not sure how long people think  it will take. I have waited anywhere from 5-15 minutes for my food, which is not a long time. My only criticism is that the chandler location doesn't have a door sealing off the back area- just a wall. This makes the front customer area loud when they are running the blenders. I love this place & now that there is a chandler location will be there a lot!
5	I have been going to Genuine Fresche every week since they opened. My experience yesterday was AMAZING! They always go above and beyond to make sure everything is right. They even offered to get my dog a bowl of water. Thank you!
1	I think it's ridiculously rude when a customer walks in & the person at the cash register is on their phone. This is exactly what happened when I walked in during lunch time today. After I had ordered, she went back to being on her phone after I had ordered too. Absolutely distasteful customer service.My Chocolate Peanut Butter bowl came out quickly. I had asked for it to go, which in hindsight I wish I hadn't as it was not all that great ... especially not for almost $9! I was absolutely appalled. I've enjoyed many acai bowls in the past & this one didn't stack up anywhere close to them. The only things good in the bowl were the toppings. The fruit (strawberries & banana) were over-ripe but the granola, almonds, and honey tasted good. So really the way I see it, I paid $9 for a handful of granola, a sprinkle of almost, and a honey drizzle. Great. As far as the actual mixture goes, it had an odd taste, most likely because of the chocolate protein powder, and was way too liquid-y. I haven't ever had protein powder before and if this was a representation of what it tastes like then I will definitely be staying away. The mixture being too liquid-y was just a complete turn off.For the amount of money & quality, I recommend not giving this place a try. I definitely won't be back.
5	This place is amazing! Definitely one of my favorite places of all time to have breakfast, lunch, dinner, or a dessert! The staff is so friendly and welcoming. I LOVE how the place is decorated and furnished. My favorite bowl is the strawberry passion. PLUS it's good for you! They use whole fruit and the granola is to die for! Let me tell you people; I'm addicted to the max. I would eat this stuff for every meal if I could. Their location is perfectly placed right next to Hamilton High school. I love to support small businesses, so this is the perfect place for me. They also do juices and protein shakes! Their juices are so good and refreshing. They definitely beat every smoothie/juicing place out of the water.
5	What a great place! Great environment, service and acai bowls!! I recommend this to anyone looking to fill their belly with something healthy.  Get the strawberry passion bowl! Yum!!
5	Delicious and healthy. Staff is very flexible to prepare Acai bowl just the way you want it.  A weekly stop for family.
5	The staff is always super friendly and I always leave happy! I bring friends here all the time and they all love it as well :) Excited they are so close to my home as well !
4	Great smoothies, extensive choices, relaxing ambiance and sizeable portions at great prices.
1	Bad Customer ServiceMe: I would like to buy a $6 smoothie with my groupon that is good for $10, will I be able to use the remaining $4 at a subsequent visit?Employee #1: Yes, I think so.Me: Ok, thank youMe: My wife calls and asks me to buy something for her.Me: I get back in line and then ask a new employee if I can buy a $5 bowl and use the removing portion of my groupon.Employee #2: That is not how it works, your groupon can only be used once. Me: If I had known that I would have used the whole $10Employee #2: Sorry, would you still like the bowl.Me: NoI am disappointed that they did not offer to at least take 3 dollars off a bowl on a subsequent on the next purchase when they knew what had just happened and I was given false information by employee #1.
5	This is a little out of the way for me, but well worth the drive.  I had the chocolate peanut butter acai bowl and the bf had the coconut chocolate acai bowl.  Both were REALLY good.  The only problem I have with acai bowls is I know they are loaded with sugar and the World Health Organization recommends that adults have only 25-26 grams of sugar a day.  That's not whole heck of a lot and if you are still drinking sugared soda, you've exceeded that by far in one serving and that is probably the same with the acai bowl.  So I would say that as an occasional treat try the the acai bowls at Fresche because they are yummy.   Now something new that I discovered at Fresche are Quest Protein Chips.  What's great about these chips is that they offer 21 grams of protein, 120 calories and 0 grams of sugar per bag.  We tried the salt and vinegar and BBQ chips.  I thought the salt and vinegar chips were a bit too  vinegary for my liking but the BBQ chips were pretty good.  Let me be clear -- these chips do not taste like regular chips and because of that they have a much lower "scarfability" factor than regular chips -- this is a good thing because you won't be inclined to eat a bunch of bags all at once, gain a bunch of weight (or think you've just gained a bunch of weight) and hate yourself -- y'all know what I am talking about.:).  Plus they aren't cheap - I bought 2 bags for $5.  I wish the ingredients were vegan; they are soy and gluten free however.  Nice find when you are in a pinch and need protein.
4	The store wasn't hard to find at all, it's in a spot where a lot of yogurt businesses have been in the past. I love acai and I can be a little picky because I've had some pretty god experiences else where. Well, I got the original acai bowl (medium) was what I ordered. It was alright, nothing too special. It was also $9.... So... Other than that the staff was friendly and they made the bowl pretty quick. I'll maybe come back and try the smoothies.
5	SO FAST! I went earlier tonight and was so impressed by how fast they made my original acai bowl. I've been to the other locations (Thrive) before and this was by far the fastest service I've had when ordering an acai bowl! LOVED IT
5	Great fresh juice drinks!  Awesome that it's so close to the gym.  I'll be coming over here after every workout!
2	Came by for a berry smoothy. It was absolutely flavorless.  Had tried them in the past and we're good. Employee behind the counter seemed to not care about my dissatisfaction.  I then proceeded to leave and realized for the money I just spent I better get something that I enjoy. They ended up making a new one different flavor.  Will give them the benefit  of the doubt.  Yet customer service has to be forefront,  and not talking to your friends.
4	Best acai bowls.  Staff is friendly and knowledgable. They offered us samples before ordered. We ordered raspberry pecan and just acai. Both of them were awesome! We were really pleased and will be back again.
