4	Pamplemousse sells itself as Vegas's most romantic restaurant on its website. With so many great restaurants in town, it may be hard to say it's the most romantic but they certainly try their best to make it a unique and special evening.The restaurant is located at just off the northern end of the Strip. I was staying at the Stratosphere and it was a 10 minute walk. They have decorated the inside of the restaurant in dark colours. The service was attentive and unique in some ways (see below).They pride themselves on having no menu and your server will recite all the dishes to you, obviously with the aim of them making each dish sound really appetizing. Some may find this charming but others may find it irritating that you have to try and remember all the dishes being recited to you. They're very happy to repeat dishes to you if necessary but I can imagine ordering taking a long time with some tables!The other unique selling point is the basket of crudites and whole boiled eggs they offer you at the start of the meal. The food is traditional French. Tasty but maybe not in the modern style that even French food is moving these days. I did enjoy the meal but some of the dishes could perhaps do with a lighter touch with the sauces and the creme brulee wasn't as good as my version at home.Worth a look but maybe for date 2 or 3 rather than the 1st date.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant! Pamplemousse is for lovers, it's classic romantic ambiance is unlike anywhere else. It is small, cozy, dimly lit, intimate, and the food and service is pristine without being stuffy. No paper menus-- the menu is recited by the staff tableside. The crudite, perfectly done duck confit, and profiteroles are all amazing, and the classic hard boiled eggs served in giant French country baskets in the shape of roosters are slightly paradoxical (as is the eclectic gay icon decor), which all add to its whimsical vibe. Substantial wine selection and knowledgeable sommeliers. Veg or fish option available (usually pasta or halibut). Parking is limited for Vegas, but there is abundant street parking. Ditch the strip and take someone you love here immediately!
5	This place caresses your palette like a marvin gaye song caresses your...hey, this is a food review, let me get back to it.the food is spectacular. old vegas at its finest. the only downside was a table full of tourists next to us that were acting, well, like tourists: w/ their iphone on speakerphone in this nice cozy little french restaurant playing a fucking elton john song. even elton would've been ashamed.*foie gras: yes oh yes, amazing, served as pate, not seared.*goat cheese tart: i wanted to make love to it, so warm and smooth (the tart, not the way i would make love to it)*rack of lamb: cabernet reduction sauce...uh, where is god?*duck confit: sweet sauce, duck cooked to perfection, tender in the middle*chocolate chip bread pudding: scrumptuous, cubes of breadyeah so just fucking go here if you have some cash to spend. dinner for 2 plus a glass of wine each = $150 total, not including tip. waiters are frencher than a sloppy kiss.
5	Love this off the strip hideaway! Perfect for a romantic night away from the hullabaloo of trendy Las Vegas Blvd.The food is terrific, the atmosphere old style vegas - what's not to love.... Even stars from Vegas lifetimes ago adorn the walls!
1	I am basing my rating on my attempt to eat at Pamplemousse.  I was just visiting for the week and I've eaten at the Pamplemousse in Del Mar (San Diego County), so I wanted to try one in Vegas.  We showed up for lunch after seeing the sign that says open for lunch.  We walk up to the door and it's locked.  We see through the window that there is a sign that says, "open for lunch" but no one is coming to the door.  So we walk back to the car and try calling the number.  A women answers and tells us that they are open for lunch except on Wednesday's.  As we are leaving, someone comes out and puts a sign on the door to say they aren't serving lunch (now they tell us!)O.K., these things happen so we decide to give it another try on Thursday.  We drive all the way back up to the restaurant and sure enough the door is open and we walk in.  No one is around.  No one in the restaurant, no one answering the phone after the 8th ring and no one to greet us.  So we are standing there at the podium for about 5 minutes, we even grab our own menu's just to get the jump on the ordering.  As we are standing there we hear people in the kitchen but still no one comes out.  Finally, we decided if this is how it is before we even get seated than we had enough.  So we left. Needless to say, we really felt that this experience was inexcusable!
5	Wwwwwwwwwooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!  This place is awesome!!!  My wife and I went for our first wedding anniversary after such great reviews of this place and it was right on the $.  We couldn't believe the nice place we walked into on that side of Sahara but it's like you're transported into a different place where no one is in a rush..a meal is a MEAL and it's first class all the way.  Our eccentric waiter, Keifer, was funny and entertaining although I am not sure how anyone remembers the specials of the day after 1 listen...so many to choose from!!My wife and I both agreed the French onion soup was the best we've ever had!!  I never actually thought it could ever be this good!  We went with the specials for entrees.  I got the fruit de mare which consisted of pasta with shrimp, scallops and a lobster tail with lobster cognac sauce over the whole thing...unreal....and $29 to boot which isn't bad at all!!  My wife went with the veal and that was incredible.  Best veal ever.  We also pre-ordered the amazing baked souffle and they also gave us a nice extra dessert for our 1st anniversary.  All in all just a wonderful way to eat with the one you love.  Keifer suggested we come back for our 2nd anniversary but I honestly think we won't be able to wait a whole year to come back!!!
5	French food can tend to get overly complicated and annoying, however this classic provincal french restaurant is perfect in everyway.It opens only for dinner @ 530PM Located on E. Sahara, we were greeted by the head waiter and then allowed to chose where we wanted to sit, we chose a quiet knook that was hidden for an extra romantic touch.  Le Pamplemousse only serves wine, champagne and beer.  We ordered the baked goat cheese in a puff pastry and the tomato basil soup along with this Frank Sinatra favorite, panchetta with fettucini alfredo (not french but great with the pancetta).  The soup was better than I ever thought, I hate tomato soup but this was great. The goat cheese was very good also. Our main course was a peppered filet and crispy duck leg confit with duck breast. My boyfriend couldn't finish eating the entire filet, which is usually unheard of and the duck was falling off the bone (in a good way) and cooked perfectly with a great reduction sauce to accompany.For dessert our server, Evan, brought us out a grapefruit (pamplemousse) sorbet which had champange in it and also a creme brulee for my birthday.  Sadley they didn't sing, but it was fantastic anyway. It felt as if all the creme brulee I had ever had were a joke compared to the one at Pamplemousse...so amazing. Also to top it off, we ordered the Lava cake, which was also very good, per my boyfriend.We cannot wait to go there again and eat something completely different.  The wait staff is great and entertaining by telling old stories of old vegas, make sure they show you the bullet proof walls where mafia used to sit. :)
5	This restaurant is probably the most intimate place off strip possible.  I cannot enforce how lucky we were to eat here.  Jean-David has family on Broadway here in seattle and is incredible.  They start with a nibbler basket which really fills you up - from my girlfriend "that basket of veggies and eggs... craziness..."  Well, it's really worth a look.
5	my favorite restaurant in this city, delicious food presented in perfect aesthetic arrangements; waiters knowledgeable about both the food and the wine. at about $150 for 2, it's a bit expensive to eat everyday, but I would've been ready to pay more for this quality of food and service.
5	I have been traveling to Vegas for over 10 years and, like many, I end up at the restaurants on the strip.  Merely because it's convenient for the group I am with and/or the majority of the people I am with are not foodies.  Why the heck should we go off strip?This time my wife and I were the only two people on the trip and I was going to eat the best (read: NOT most expensive) regardless if it was on or off strip.  Pamplemousse was our favorite.Located along a stretch of road with tacky strip centers and fast food Pamplemousse actually looks like a strip club (or something) from the outside.  Tacky pink sign and drab building does not prepare you for the quality of food.  The interior is a bit dated but fits in fine in Las Vegas.  The food and the service shine here....First of all don't let the "French" cuisine deter you.  The service was very enthusiastic  but appropriate to Las Vegas.  This place has history and luckily the food quality and taste is the foundation to the entire experience.The Crudites Basket was extremely fresh and it was complimentary so we may not have ordered it otherwise.  The vegetables were raw, simple but elegantly presented.  Natural flavor shining through.  Honestly, we just about filled up on this.  The vinaigrette was obviously home made and was perfect for dipping the veggies.The French Onion Soup was promised to be the best I've had and - I am a lover of french onion soup and quite the critic - it was the best I've had.  Yes, one can make a pretty bad (usually bland) french onion soup and this restaurant delivers.  Deep rich broth with bronze, caramelized onions and crusty bread.  The cheese was perfectly melted and just browned and crusty.  My wife couldn't stop "trying" it.  My wife had a decent appetizer with goat cheese and it was tasty.My wife had a main course of sea scallops.  She typically doesn't order scallops because she doesn't love them like other foods.  However, the waiter went on and on about them and convinced her to order them and we're glad she did.  Outstanding in their preparation and seared to perfection, we both loved that dish.I had the duck upon high recommendation and it was good.  I don't love duck like most so I wasn't blown away.The dessert - Chocolate Volcano - was outstanding.  It was highly recommended and must be ordered as you order your meal because it takes that long to prepare and cook.  TGI Friday's, Chili's and the like have made a dessert like this pedestrian but Pamplemousse knocks this one out of the park.Check this place out.  It will be one of our go-to places in Vegas for here on out.
5	I went to this restaurant after reading reviews on here and on opentable.com and am so glad I did!  The food was delicious, and the head waiter was very gracious and offered helpful suggestion as to what to order.  The fois gras was very good too!  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely go there again.  It's not as pricey as you'd imagine an upscale French restaurant to be.  The chocolate mousse was divine!
5	One of the better dining experiences I've had.  It was a true culinary adventure.  The chef was very friendly and the food was delicious.  I loved the fresh vegetable basket with the honey dijon dressing dip (I'm normally not big on honey dijon but man that was yummy).  For my main course I had the duck with raspberry reduction.  The duck slices were slightly rare and hearty like steak, and the sweet and sour notes from the reduction really made this dish POP with flavor!
2	having read all the great reviews i was excited to dine here. Maybe it was the obnoxiously chatty waiter or the incompetent wine steward that made the evening a miss for me. Thw waiter was unprofessional and the wine steward did not know burgundy from bordeaux.The place has old vegas charm,but is in a seedy part of town.None of the food was memorable. With so many great restaurants in this town,it was a shame to waste an evening here.
4	Very quaint, the atmosphere is awesome for a romantic date. The food... Ok, it was good food but I expected better. The service was some of the best I have experienced, they truly treat you well.
5	Absolutely charming. Lovely atmosphere, very old school vegas-feel.  The salmon and duck are wonderful. The service is more than superb. I have to mention the atmosphere again, because it's what makes it a unique dining experience.  There is nothing like it in Vegas that I have ever seen.  Hey guys, if you're going to propose somewhere, this is the place to do it over dinner. It's small and quaint, but great things come in small packages.
4	Loved this place.  The foie gras was lovely and Keiffer was fun! We wll be back for sure. Off the strip old school cool and great French!
4	This punkrocker went to a french resturant!  So my kids dad and I decided to get married we did it the best way, Vegas style! For diner my sister inlaw watched the kids we wanted to go somewhere we would never go with the kids, good food and "fancy" and that's what we got. The atmosphere was so cute and comfortable. We sat in there cave booths, it felt like just me and my hubby in the whole place.  Every thing we ate was AWESOME!!!! I loved the veggies after eating in n out for 3 days they were the best. Everything we had for our main course was  something new for us and I loved all of it!!! My only complaint is the  servers never left us alone! Don't get me wrong they were all so nice we got everything we need almost before we said we needed it. But it  seemed like right when we got to talking someone asked us how we  were doing.....what do you think buddy I just got married! You could have  given me a can of PBR and some bread and I would have been as happy  as I could ever be!!!! :-D Great place! I only gave it 4 stars cause I never  ate at a French resturant so I don't really know if it is the best but I was           pretty damn good in my book!
5	Beautiful atmosphere, outstanding service, remarkable food! So glad I finally tried this little gem, which has been a Las Vegas institution for 35 years!  Incredibly romantic with fresh flowers and candles on every table, and soft french music playing in the background.  Our waiter, Keifer, was very attentive, helpful, and amusing.I thoroughly enjoyed the duck with cranberry reduction and my date said his veal osso bucco was the best he'd ever had.  He gave me a couple of tastes and all I could say was "WOW!"  We both started with the french onion soup, and it was a little tourine of savory heaven, perfectly balanced and oh so GOOD!They gave us a complimentary creme brulee for two, as were were celebrating a birthday, and it was delicious.Two onion soups, two entrees, and a bottle of wine brought our total to $135, before tip.  On the high side, to be sure, but worth every penny!  Can't wait to go back for MORE.
4	Returned after about a 20 year hiatus. Duck leg and breast in a wine sauce was superb. They said it was confit but it wasn't, still superb. My wife had the beef bourgognon which she absolutely loved. Very nice atmosphere and good service. With wine about $125, a bargain especially for Vegas.
4	Went to Pamplemousse early on a Friday night and were were the only ones there for at least an hour -- I suppose Vegas regulars like to dine later. The ambiance is very old school--lush colors with dimmed lighting--and I felt like I had stepped back to Vegas in the 60s. I could picture Bobby Darin himself sitting at a corner table. We were treated to an entertaining history of the restaurant as told by the head waiter, an eloquent and affable chap who fit the atmosphere perfectly.The food wasn't oh-my-god spectacular, but it definitely met with our approval. The fresh vegetable basket was a nice touch, the escargot a little bland, and the shrimp scampi entree didn't stand out. I wish I had sampled some of the more exotic menu choices, but I guess at least I have a reason to go back, which I most definitely will.
4	The fresh basket of veges were really unique and delicious. Love the yummy olives that came with the bread. We had the french onion soup and the other appetizer we had was really delicious. But the entrees were not as good as we expected. But chocolate lava with house made vanilla ice cream and the mint tea for dessert were amazing~! The service was great and the staffs were welcoming.
5	My fiance was so nice as to plan a long weekend for me in Vegas for my 30th bday- full of surprises, a nice hotel (Aria), a nightime helicopter ride over the vegas strip (yay), show tickets to see blue man group (fun), a gift (ipad), and dinner at Pamplemousse! Yes he is the very best. Anyhow, he made reservations at this place and I had no idea where we were going. i was dressed up and was sort of getting worried when we approched the 'off area of the strip' full of misc stores and liquidators and wierd looking establishments.Boom comes in pamplemouse!Its a traditional french restaurant specializing in provence inspired french cooking. Simple, tasty, and very french. The inside is really charming and quaint, think of dim lights, subtle yet professional service. They even give you a plate of home marinated olives with provence herbs that were SO tasty and also a basket of fresh cold crudite with home made dressing for dipping. You can tell how the care and attention of the chef in preparation of these two complimentary starters- the way the veggies were cut, the presentation (in a super cute basket) the freshness of the herbs in the dressing and olive oils in the olives. Such a nice break from the 100+ degree heat of the desert!We were seated in the "lovers cove" which was uuber romantic situated in a corner of the restaurant. I am normally not very into these types of scenes but it was just so nice and lovely. We got a early seating so we had the whole restaurant to ourselves. After getting a briefing from the nice server we ordered the shrimp scampi-recommended by the server himself. What an excellent choice. The shrimp was very fresh and plump and juicy while the sauce---the SAUCE was amazing. I had to hold myself back from licking the plate. yes it was that good. Had french onion soup- solid and not overly salty like usual. You could taste the red wine. Very goodI had a seared duck breast with duck confit combo plate- OMG. This duck and the cognac truffle oil madagascar peppercorn sauce was the best sauce that Ive ever had in a restaurant. The duck confit was cooked to perfection. SO GOOD.The bf had rack of lamb, also one of the most delicious and cooked to perfection dishes we';ve had in a long time.FInsihed off with a on the house creme brulee. MAGNIFIC!!I rarely give 5 stars, but this was a memorable night with great food, service and ambiance. A must try in LV.
4	The food here is sooo good! They started us off with the basket of crudites, and though I don't really like raw veggies like that too much, it was a cute touch. The olives were good too.We ordered the seafood bouchee and fetuccini appetizers and they were both soooo delicious! They give a lot of seafood for an appetizer and both were large dishes! I was starting to get full when they brought out the salmon entree and that was mouthwatering. mMm!We ended dinner with the chocolate mousse. Normally I don't like mousse but this one was decadent! It was not overly rich and just tasted so good! I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu here and it's not expensive either. Definitely a must for Vegas! And it's sooooo romantic here, especially in the lovers cove seats :-)
5	Asked the chef to do a beef Wellington, which he did. As good a Wellington as we ever had. Just perfect, great pastry shell and very subtle pate with an incredible steak. . Its 5 stars for the food and 3 and a half for service. That's because they seem to have 1 person to serve period. The guy does an incredible job but it's impossible to give great service with one server and no busboy. Meal with wine and ample tip was $150. An incredible price anywhere but especially on in LV. Being off the strip allows that as does so few employees. Had the duck, 3 different types, two nights earlier. Great dish.
5	Of the the best French Experience I have ever had. The ambient is different, dark, reserved in a funny part of town. But the menu and the food is just to die for. I ate so much, and I can say I ate with quality!
3	This place is okay. I wasn't blown away by the food, the atmosphere, or the service. My husband and I visited this restaurant during an anniversary weekend in Vegas. We drove by this place and thought it looked interesting. Since we love good food and that's hard to find on the trendy, overpriced Strip, we decided to venture beyond it for our anniversary dinner. I was really excited to eat here and was pretty happy with my food until the entrees arrived. We both ordered the Prix Fare ($38 each) and the crudite, olives, bread, and appetizers were decadent. I am not an expert on French cuisine but it tasted fabulous to me. The entree was mediocre and not a strong point, so possibly the Prix Fare menu is not the best choice. I would have to order from the specials in order to make my final conclusion. I would've given this place another star (or two) despite the average food if it wasn't for the wait staff. Unfortunately, our server (the only waiter) was chatty (to an extreme), slow, forgetful, and downright frightening. My husband found him entertaining (to be polite), but I feel like he ruined our experience. I don't want to write too many negative comments about this poor man, as most people find him humorous and engaging based on the reviews. You will have to witness his behavior for yourself. I don't think I'll go back. The total was $105 plus tip. Not an outrageous amount for a special occasion, but far too much for a mediocre evening.
5	Don't let the outside fool you, this place is first rate. The restaurant is next to to a tattoo parlor. Its pink sign and low-key entrance feels like a sleaze joint. But once inside, all is well.This is a small, intimate restaurant with a limited menu. But everything on the menu is great, so the limited choices are almost unnoticed. Service is also first rate, they make you feel like you are their most important customer.This is a hidden gem in a city not used to understatement.
5	WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL!  For Valentine's Day weekend, my husband and I decided to try somewhere new.  I actually used opentable to make reservations.  The description interested us because it said the restaurant has been there since 1976.  Very unique, vintage atmosphere.  When we got there, we had to wait for our table to be prepared.  The owner, George, came up to us and introduced himself to us.  Very classic, old school service.  We were sat in this tiny corner booth.  Just my husband and I could fit in.  The cozy seating and great lighting made for a very intimate evening.We both ordered off of the Prix Fare, very reasonable for $38.  The meal starts with a veggie basket and fresh bread.  Each of us ordered the seafood bouchee as an appetizer.  Loved every bite!  Cleaned my plate!  He had the chicken dinner.  I had the lamb shank.  The lamb literally falls off the bone while you're eating it.  Very tender and a great sauce over it.  Both main dishes were served simple pasta over the same sauce.  For dessert, each of us ordered the sorbet.  It comes with 3 flavors.  That night they were serving grapefruit, raspberry and vanilla.  Neither one of us could decide which flavor we liked the best!  The servers are all very attentive.  The wine list has a nice variety of choices and prices.  Once again, this was a perfect place to spend an evening having a slow paced, intimate, delicious meal.  We will definitely be back!
5	Great overall experience. Excellent food very professional staff nice quiet romantic setting. A real Vegas landmark restaurant. A special, unique dining experience.
3	Great atmosphere.  My boyfriend and I went for a pre-valentines day date.  (He was out of town for V-day, so we went the Thursday night before Valentines.)  We pretty much had the place to ourselves.  The atmosphere was very nice - very elegant, very romantic.  I don't have a very refined palate, so most of the menu turned me off.  For someone with a more sophisticated palate, though, I think this place would be more enjoyable.
4	This place is a hidden jem just off the strip! It's a new favorite and I'll go back time and time again. This is the place if you want to settle in with a couple bottles of wine and are in no hurry. (if you have a time constraint then this might not be the best) The waiter has been in the business for years and has tons of amazing stories to share! Even the bus boy is personable and interesting.Classic, traditional, and cozy - amazing atmosphere!
5	This is the place to go in Vegas!  Prix Fixe menu was $38/person, Keiffre (our nice, knowledgeable, a bit too chatty waiter) started us off with bread some lady in canada sends them, with she makes from scratch (she even grows the grain!)   After the amazing bread we dug into the basket of the most delicious and fresh vegetable I've ever had with some tasty french dijoun mustard sauce for dipping.  I can usually only eat tomatoes sliced and on a sandwich, but i was sucking the juice out of these cherry tomatoes.  And since my wife isn't a big olive fan I polished off like 20 olives myself (they fly the green in from france and the black from spain... or vice versa.)    Keiffre then brought us our appetizers, I got the soup de jour which had a curry taste.  It was so good my wife kept stealing it, even though her seafood bouchee was fantastic, juicy, and fresh!    Entree time!  My wife got the salmon, which just falls apart in your mouth, but retains the perfect amount of juicyness!  I got the chicken cordon bleu, which, like everything else here, was prepared perfectly!  It had an olive sauce around it that I cleaned up with the bread Keiffre kept bringing us :)  Dessert time!  Now at this point we were very full, and couldn't possibly have imagined they would impressive us with EVERY course of the meal, but yet again, they did!  My wife got the chocolate mousse which they prepare different from anywhere else I've had...and better.  I got the grand marnier souflee which was had a little bit too much egg, but I still loved it.  Things to do here:  Let Keiffre recommend his favorite red wine for you and DEFINITELY get the chocolate mousse!
5	Love this place. Really is the most romantic restaurant in las vegas. Lovely food, wonderful service, beautiful atmosphere. AND they have the CUTEST basket of crudites.  It's like making your own salad.  Doesn't look like much on the outside but a lovely little hidden gem. Pierre Jean, thank you for everything!
1	If this restaurant were in a different place with a different wait staff, this would be a five star review all the way. The food is exceptionally good.But let's start out our dining experience with getting to the restaurant. The website states that it's across the street from the monorail. Technically, it is. It's also about two sketchy blocks down Sahara. Is it me, or has the area surrounding the Strip really become run-down over the past 10 years? My colleagues were looking at me like "what kind of crappy restaurant are you taking us to" as we made the trek. When we walked in, it looked like a place that once upon a time was a nice place, but it's struggled to keep up with the times.Then there's the service. A smarmy know-it all Maitre 'd/waiter took care of us. Don't ask him for anything that's not on the menu; he will yell at you. The rest of the wait staff looked like they walked in from the set of Goodfellas... you got the feeling that these guys had screwed up everything they had ever done so they were thrown into the restaurant where they could presumably do less damage. So we had bread thrown onto our plates and were constantly being growled at when we weren't listening to the Maitre'd berate the staff for doing things wrong. At any moment, I expected Gordon Ramsey to walk in and start filming Kitchen Nightmares, call this guy a donkey, and march him outside to cuss him out.But the truly bizarre moment came when our customer (who I will admit is Chinese and her English is fair but not great) asked if she could have a salad as an appetizer. Smarmy guy got downright rude and told her no, we don't serve those. We will give you a vegetable plate. Customer looks at us quite perplexed. Our international sales manager tried to explain that the lady would like a salad, and perhaps you could prepare one for her? "Alright, fine, since you don't understand how we do things, we'll just do this now..." and pulls out a giant basket of vegetables and some dijon vinaigrette to dip it in. "There, now are you happy?"  Several awkward minutes after we had our fill he returned to take our order.The entrees and soup were nice. Had the service not been so awful, we might have a better feeling about this place. The much hyped chocolate lava cake was overcooked, so there was no molten center. It was a poor ending to a comical meal. 15 years ago when my boss last dined here, this was a fantastic restaurant, but like the neighborhood it's in, it's in decline.
2	We went there last year for a special occasion, romantic dinner - our anniversary. I completely put it out of my mind. And now as I'm searching Yelp for a place to have a romantic dinner in Las Vegas, it pops up at the top of the search. So I do feel compelled to write about our experience. We went here because I read so many rave reviews online. We do love kitschy, old Vegas and Casa Di Amore with its banquettes and old-time Vegas photos is one of our favorites. So we thought we'd dig this. Wrong. The waiter was pretentious, annoying and not terribly efficient. The vegetable basket was amazing and impressive. But the rest of the food was mediocre and overpriced. The decor was worn and outdated. Overall, a very disappointing experience.
4	Located on Sahara off the strip, this is definitey an interesting restaurant to visit at least once.  The decor and premise is unique and the maitre d' will gleefully provide you with interesting facts and history of famous actors or politicians who patronized the restaurant.The basket of crudite, a basket of fresh vegetatble is a great feature of this place, allows me much fun of foraging veggies just like a bunny in a garden.For starter i had the lobster bisque and pate du jour, which earned a 3/5.For main course i had the fish du jour, which happened to be a swordfish last week, and it was okay. The grilled filet mignon on the other hand was delicious.The gratinee of cauliflower was yummy, with the cheese crisps up on top with the bechamel sauce.The chocolate lava cake was great, crispy outside with choco center oozing out from the inside.Would like to return sometimes to try their special baby wild boar, an item you can request 24 hours in advance.Although not the best dishes i have tasted in town, but definitely an interesting experience each time i visit this place.
4	This place is a time bubble. The atmosphere is very odd, a little eery, even. It's dimly lit, oil paintings hang from the walls, the china is, I'm pretty sure, the original china that they opened the restaurant with forty years ago.The food is solid, tasty, very traditional and old-fashioned French cuisine. Garlic soup? Delicious, but does anyone even serve that in France anymore? The chocolate mousse was outstanding.The only problem is that there isn't anyone answering the phones when it's not open, so trying to change or confirm a reservation is somewhat of a hassle. But the waiter is very friendly--yes, I think there's only one guy working there every night, and the food is good. I will say, however, that you can find better for the same price on the strip. Yes, you have to deal with the strip, but the food at Pamplemousse, like the decor, is very out-of-date.Stop by if you want some good food and have the coin to pay for it, but don't expect a shiny new strip-like restaurant.
4	I've had my eye on this place for a while, so when the Groupon popped up I snatched it up.My fella and I decided to have a romantic evening out and thought this would be the perfect place. We arrived at 8:30 and the restaurant was pretty empty. There were only two other parties in the entire restaurant. We were greeted by waiter/host and seated in a small booth in the corner. The atmosphere was very nice, albeit a little dated. We started with a bottle of wine. They brought out an enormous basket of crudite. We ate only a few pieces before giving up on that altogether. I feel that was a wasted part of the meal. The veggies weren't even that fresh or crispy, although the dip was excellent. I actually used it for my bread and fries, hehe.I ordered the filet and my fella got the rack of lamb. My filet was slightly overdone, but it was so moist and flavorful that it didn't bother me too much. My fella was very pleased with his meal as well. The lamb was cooked perfectly and flavored well. The sides left a lot to be desired. The fries weren't crispy enough and lacked flavor. So this is really a 3.5 star review rounded up.We ended the meal with the Grand Marnier souffle. It was so light and flavorful, neither of us wanted the dessert to end. I'd go back just for that souffle!!! YUM
2	The service was fantastic but as far as the food goes, Nothing was cooked right the lamb chops tasted burnt. The steak was cooked perfect but not warm and the best thing that we had ordered was the sides and they were merely okay.
2	Flashback to 3 years ago, my husband (boyfriend at the time) & I enjoyed an excellent meal here. The menu was done verbally by waiters, there was a very pleasant hostess, and it was a lot dimmer to hide all of the gaudy decor. On our 2 year wedding anniversary, we figured why not try Pamplemousse again as we both considered the first experience very memorable. Everything was once again memorable, and not for the best.When we entered, there was a lady standing there but she apparently doesn't work there; she was hosting a party in their banquet area and had to flag down the waiter for us. We were seated in a little cozy corner booth and the waiter/manager comes back 5 minutes later and says "Whew, I have 30 seconds to spare. I'll tell you tonight's specials". Strange thing to say to paying customers right? We didn't see him again except for when we paid our bill. The rest of the time, we were served by our busboy who asks, "Would you like tap water or bottled water?" Tacky. Our appetizers were the seafood bouchee and pate. The sauce on the seafood bouchee was nice but that's the only good thing about it. Is there such thing as canned shrimp and scallops, because that's what this "seafood" tasted like. Shrimp were minuscule and scallops were mushy. I don't know if I've ever disliked scallops so much in my life. My husband and I poked at the object in the middle of his plate. I was wondering if it was some strange mold and he swore it was paper. I guess he was feeling adventurous so he took a bite of the paper. It ended up being a pastry which just looked, cut, and tasted like paper. Whew. Pate was fine but I've certainly had better. Entrees were coq au vin and braised lamb. Both meats were falling off the bone tender but I didn't like the taste of the coq au vin sauce. I preferred my husband's sauce much better. He thought they both tasted the same. For dessert, we paid the small fee and upgraded to the Grand Marnier souffle. This was the best part of my night. Beautifully raised, sweet, and warm, it made me happy inside. Our glasses were never empty, but the service was very cold by the bus boy. I'm not sure why there's only one waiter on staff, and if that's the case, why they're even open when a big party is going to take up everybody's time. The decor is getting bad. Everything looked dusty, all the paintings are crooked, carpet's dirty, and the lamps don't even try to hide their cords. It was so sloppy that I was sitting there wondering why we were wasting our special night dining in a craphole. The price is fair for a 3 course meal, but with that ambiance and service, I will not be back.
4	Always visit when I'm in LV with my wife. Good reasonably priced food. head and shoulders above most of the phony overpriced unserviced stripAsked the chef to do a beef stroganoff before going because he had done a great job on a beef wellington last outing. Not too successful. It was pasta and steak missing the Strogonoff.  Also, chef, when requested, would not come out. Bit of a wierd place but that adds to its character. Oh well, their regular menu is really very good. We'll be back.
4	8.13.11 the reservations was quick and easy, the parking spaces is all along side the restaurant. So we went inside and there was no hostess stand , we were greeted and walked to our table. I believe he was the host. I wasn't sure because he was the one who helped out us throughout the meal. He introduced us to our server who didn't do anything. The bus boy was tentative. We ordered the rack of lamb and their duck. The duck does not taste like duck, just chicken. I really do like their basket of vegetables, very filling if you're hungry. Healthy way to start the meal. My lamb was fantastic. Cooked just perfectly! The sauce was also amazing. For the dessert, we odered the souffle, it was delicious! I fell in love with their dessert. YUMMY! The ice cream was just right with the amount of egg. It was truly awesome!
3	If you are going for fine dining -- I wouldn't recommend Pamplemousee -- but if you are going for a time warp back to 1975 a la Dan Tanna, this would be the place.  I liked the retro atmosphere -- but the retro cuisine needed some help.  I really wanted to like it, but I have been jaded by the city's amazing celebrity chefs.  It's just like eating in the 70's!  I had the seafood bouchee as my appetizer.  It looked much better than it tasted.  I was a bit shocked to discover this "specialty" was made with canned mushrooms.  Really!?  Really.  My entree was the lamb shank.  Tender, fell off the bone -- but the sauce wasn't my favorite.  My partner had the special for the evening - lobster ravioli served with a lobster tail.  It was AMAZING...and I really wish I had ordered it myself.  The dessert was the chocolate mousse.  It was very good but not the best I've had.When you're expecting something good at semi-high prices, you don't want an appetizer made with canned mushrooms.  That being said, I can't say enough good things about the service.  We had an amazing waiter as well as lots of other folks attending to us.  The proprietor stopped by the table to make sure we were happy. They are trying SO hard -- but need Gordon Ramsey to come in and tell them the menu needs a makeover.
4	I had not been to Pamplemousse for many years, so, armed with a Groupon, a return visit to this venerable classic French restaurant seemed in order.  The dimly lit interior, with mauve and white linen tablecloths gives off a romantic vibe, but tables are very close together.  There was a small hiccup at the beginning of our stay when I was told that I had to choose between use of a Groupon or Open Table reservation but could not receive credit for both.  That solution was easy, since Open Table reservations made through the Yelp site are not eligible for point credit, and I had already paid out money on a Groupon that was set to expire within just days.  So, the Groupon was used, and the Open Table reservation was cancelled by the restaurant.Nevertheless, we were seated right away, and not too long afterward were presented with a very nice basket of crudites and a mild Dijon Mustard Dipping Sauce.  I enjoyed fresh red cherry tomatoes, celery sticks, cauliflower florets, radishes, green onions, hearts of Romaine, onions, and zucchini.  I saw that the couple at the table next to me was also served green olives on a silver dish, but we were not.  Complimentary slices of bread were good and crusty, and, with butter spread over them, enhanced the early part of the meal.  The crudite basket substitutes here for salad.Escargots Bourguignone featured very good escargots in a buttery, white-wine-based, Scampi-like sauce served in recessed areas on a ceramic plate likely made for the purpose of serving this or a similar dish.  French Onion Soup was very hot and pretty good, but cheese clotted into knots inside the broth.  Lobster Bisque contained no chunks of lobster, and was just okay.A serving of Chicken Cordon Bleu was small but quite cheesy, filling, and very good.  It was accompanied by a Madeira-wine-based sauce, but I chiefly enjoyed my entree just as it was, along with a good Puff Potato and an excellent-tasting creamed spinach-topped cooked tomato and very good Bechamel-covered Cauliflower.I arrived with a mindset to have a leisurely meal, and it was that.  But, after a long interval with an empty glass, I asked for more Iced Tea, and instead my glass was simply taken away.  Later, after another request, the Iced Tea was restored.  I don't think the delay getting Iced Tea refills was intentional.  The Consumer Electronics Show was in town, and the restaurant was bristling with demanding patrons.Ending our meal on a great finish, Diane and I enjoyed a made to order Chocolate Lava Cake which was simply superb.  With a hot chocolate core, this moist cake resembled a cross between plum pudding and a souffle, with the hot Chocolate Sauce tasting almost like rivulets of Hot Fudge.  The dessert was even better mixed with Vanilla Ice Cream and whipped cream.Owner Georges Laforge even dropped by our table while working the room to greet his guests.  This was a very pleasant meal, and a fine way to spend a Friday night.  This time I won't wait so long to return for my next dinner visit!
4	I went here for Valentine's day and when I drove up to the restaurant, I asked my husband where did he take me?!  It's not the best neighborhood and you have a lovely view of the monorail and a run down garage... breath taking. We were asked to bump back our reservations an hour and when we arrived at our new 8pm reservation, the placed was packed and we weren't seated for another 10 minutes.  The waiter forgot there was a special menu for the night and didn't know the menu at all.  It was a six course meal and when we made our selections, the waiter was lost and had to ask the host what we were talking about.  It became a discussion including the back waiter, host and our waiter but eventually they figured it out. The food was delicious.  We started with a mushroom soup that resembled cream of mushroom soup but more decadent. Next was the endive salad, which was sweet. My third course was foie gras on crostini. I'm a big fan of foie gras but I found it to be too rich and I couldn't eat it all.  Before the main course, there was a pallet cleanser of grapefruit sorbet in a champagne float. My main course was  the lamb.  It was tender and not at all gamy. I was given the wrong desert and I wish I had taken a bite out of it but before I could even take a second look, it was take away and I was promptly given my correct desert. It was a chocolate cake that was rich and not too sweet and just the perfect ending to a wonderful meal.PS: We sat in the section the Rat Pack once sat at... AWESOME!
4	Very intimate, very beautiful ambiance. The food was delicious, I tried frogs legs here for the first time, delicious!This place is a great idea for a date.
4	Very thoughtful and well executed dishes although I would have liked to have seen a bit more variety and deviation from a standard French offering, there were no real surprises meal wise, it would have been nice to see some less traditional items on the menu. The staff was extremely friendly and service was perfect. We will be returning to this great local restaurant.
5	We have been coming to Pamplemousse since there was no MENU!  I miss that.  I was so sad when they did a printed menu :(  And I miss the chicken (old timers will know just what I'm talking about.)The wait staff is amazing here.  Every dish is explained, every small touch is taken to make your dining experience delightful.  You'll learn all about the restaurant and all about Vegas, if you but ask.  Top dishes on the menu?  I'm not sure, but the Fettuccine a la Georges (I think it is now called something a bit longer) is AMAZING.  Frank Sinatra loved it, you will too.  I dream of this dish at night.  In fact, not only did  I order it last time I was in town, I ordered another to GO and put ice on it and flew it home!The steaks are all succulent and the sauces, especially the Cabernet, are delightful.  They are served on the SIDE so you can taste the actual meat and see that the chefs can COOK.  (Unlike here in Portland, where they serve everything slobbering with sauces that aren't well done to cover up their inability to serve a steak to the temp you requested.)The garlic soup, if you should arrive on a night it is offered, is well worth the try.  I have only had it twice in 20 years, but it was wonderful both times.  The souffle is not to be missed.  In fact, order two...you'll wish you had.I miss, more than anything else from Las Vegas except for my family members, this restaurant.  I miss the wonderful memories of many meals spent with good friends and my wonderful husband.  I miss celebrating special occasions with the kids there.  I miss the staff.If I could only get the recipe to the fettuccine,  I would be so happy.  I worry that the restaurant will be gone by the next time I get there, and I will never have that taste again.  This place is superb, you won't be sorry.
5	I don't give out many 5 star ratings.  And, there really are a few minor negatives I will discuss but it has been a long time since I have dined at a place that prides itself on pleasing the customer with top notch food and service.  You won't find billboards or flyers advertising this place.  They have been there for 37 years and mostly word of mouth fills the place.  Frank Sinatra dined there often enough they made some of the walls bullet proof for him.The area of town is not so desireable and you would pass this place 100 times from the look of the outside.  However once you enter you are transported into the rat pack era with photos of 50's and 60's stars donning the walls and a soft lit room with warm welcoming tables greeting you.  Our waiter was the best.  Friendly, efficient, and full of stories he helped us decipher the menu which is mostly french quisine.  I opted for the 5 course fixed price menu, a reasonable 46 dollar price tag got me my share of a large basket of fresh veggies and lettuce (make your own salad), a shrimp and scallop appetizer that could have been my main dish elsewhere, a muse bouche, a lamb shank so tender it fell off the bone just from looking at it, and a chocolate mousse desert that was very good.  The Coq Au Vin my wife ordered with her $38.00 four course meal (no muse bouche) was also excellent.The meal took almost 3 hours and we never felt rushed.  The waiter shared stories about the history of the restaurant and we truly enjoyed his attentiveness.  The meal wasn't perfect, the mashed potatos were overdone and too cool when they arrived and the french fries for my daughter were soggy.  Other than that, everything was amazing.  This is a great date place.  I wish they had kids items but they are very willing here to modify the dishes to accomodate kids tastes, (they have filet and shrimp skewers and they made them with just shrimp for my daughter) or the picky eater (they made the lamb chops without sauce for my mother).don't be afraid to ask and definitely give this place a try.
5	First off we love old school restaurants - especially in a city like Las Vegas where the charming stand-alone restaurant is a rarity.   Pamplemousse is in converted house bordering an older neighborhood in town.  Sadly, the neighborhood has seen some decline, but there are some really cool examples of 1950s and 1960s architecture for before or after dinner viewing if one were to drive around.  I don't find the neighborhood particularly intimidating, but heck, I've lived in funkier places than this in other cities.But I digress...I had always seen Pamplemousse rate high in the "Most Romantic" category in various foodie polls, so we decided to celebrate our 12th wedding anniversary here.  The atmosphere didn't disappoint!  Old school dark wood timber beam construction with pale pink plaster walls, lights set on low.  There are a number of small rooms, some of which have two-top tables, some with built-in booths.  We were seated at a booth by Keifer, who would be our waiter for the evening.I get why some people would find Kiefer "weird" - but I personally thought he was great.  A little high strung, but he's so darn enthusiastic about the history of the place, I can't fault him for being chatty. I'll take Kiefer's personality over the perfunctory service of Barbie-and-Ken-cloned waitstaff found in most Strip restaurants any day. He told us the whole story about Bobby Darin's involvement with the planning of the restaurant, sadly cut short by his untimely death. We ordered the Prix Fixe menus - me the $38.00, and my husband, the $46.00 and a bottle of really inexpensive but tasty French white.  I love the crudite basket, served in a lined metal bucket - from which I constructed a yummy little plate of greens and fresh veggies. It was like bringing in a Spring harvest freshly picked from the garden.  Cute!  First course for me was the Feuillete of Asparagus and Mushrooms with Truffles Sabayon, Truffles and Madiera.  Two puff pastries sandwiched asparagus spears and mushrooms drenched in a densly flavored custardy-thick sauce.  Pretty nice start of things!We both ordered the wild salmon as an entree - perfectly cooked and deeply flavored. His - being a little more fancy - came topped with scallop medallions in a Champagne Lobster Sauce.  Impressive. For dessert, my husband took the splurge and pre-ordered the Grand Marnier souffle, its arrival even even made the super friendly continental-savvy diners next to us ooh and ahh.  While I was totally happy with the Palette of House Sorbets - actually served on a dish shaped like an artist's pallete. I'm not one to rave about sorbet much, but I have to admit, the grapefruit was pretty amazing!All in all, I really enjoyed our experience here!  We've been steadily working our way through through all of the old school establishments in Vegas (Golden Steer, Hugo's Cellar, etc) and this has become my favorite!
1	Let me start off by saying, I really wanted to enjoy this restaurant.   The evening started off with us entering a dark, overcrowded restaurant, trying to make our way to a host.  We were seated in a private room, with another couple across from us, with no music.   It was awkward to say the least, but we went with it.   There was tape holding the red velvet carpet together.  This place is in need of a makeover.   I liked the low lighting, and pale pink walls, definitely a romantic feel.  The house Sauvignon blanc was terrible.  It was cheap 2 buck chuck, that I thought might have been skunked.  We started off with the cruditte, which I thought was a cute touch.  The mustard vinaigrette was very potent, but I liked it.  I was about to eat another bite of lettuce, and then it happened.  I found a fly on my fork.  I know this happens at every restaurant in the world, so I just let it go and didn't finish the salad.  Onto the main courses, hanger steak and filet mignon and shrimp skewers.  Both steaks were average.  Cooked appropriately, but nothing to rave about.  The shrimp was my favorite part of the meal.  The presentation was pathetic, the fries were Luke warm and definitely burger king quality.  We were supposed to get garlic mashed potatoes, and the waiter brought them sayin, oh you were right it was supposed to come with that, like he didn't believe us.  The mashed potatoes were gritty, and tasted like instant.  Needless to say, we didn't stay for desert. This place needs a overhaul, just like the neighborhood it's in.  I was disappointed, because I was hoping to find a hole in the wall.
2	what a cute little place.  service was good, the food was ok.  we enjoyed our veggie basket & the bread was really good & my daughter loved the tapenade but I thought it too fishy for me.  she ordered the lamb shank which she really liked, I has some skirt steak medallions which was gamey & way too red.  we both hardly touched our mashed potatoes... for how much they charge and what we got, I don't think it was worth it but my daughter loves the name of the restaurant so for her bday I thought it be a cute surprise.  Not a huge fan of French food either so the pricing really hurt!  we had a mixed group, one couple trying to be romantic in the corner, us & a very loud group of 4 who seemed to be regulars.  don't think the couple appreciated the loud outbursts of laughter but we didn't care. so I guess just depends on who's there at the time.
4	This place screams old Vegas. It's been around since the 70's, when the neighborhood was obviously better. Don't let the exterior fool you. It's a great place.My wife and I came with another couple. The place was deserted at 6pm. We loved the individual attention. All of us did the prix fixe option for 5 courses.First course: fresh veggies and dressing, finger food style. We liked it. It was a great way to play with your food and fun, as lame as that sounds.Second course: escargot = awesome. The puff pastry with lobster bisque was great too!Third course = pallet cleanser sorbet.Fourth course = main dish. My lamb shank was good, but I would probably have preferred the salmon or rib eye. I'm not much of a lamb guy, I guess. Last course = creme broule. It was damn good. I think it was my favorite part of the meal.All in all, good meal. The price tag was fairly reasonable. Once the place started getting busier, the waiter was pretty good at still coming by and filling up glasses. There's only one waiter/server/host. He gets good marks for being friendly, informative, and attentive.
5	An older restaurant just a few miles away from the Strip. The parking lot situation confused me but my five stars are for the food, ambience and service - nothing else. Our reservation was for 5:45pm on a Friday.  It was just our table and another table next to ours so we pretty much had the place to ourselves. It was a bit dark in the restaurant with decor from what you would see in small restaurants in the French countryside for an intimate and rustic vibe.Keefer was our host/server and he had interesting things to say about the restaurant and the food. He kept us entertained. He did everything in a very calm way. The place was a 2-man team: Keefer and the chef.From the 5-course prix fixe menu: I got the crudite served in a basket (to share), escargot Bourguignonne, pamplemousse granite, prime rib eye steak with pommes frites, and the dark chocolat mousse. If you're not a fan of grapefruit then, you won't enjoy the granite which is a palate cleanser. In my case, after the garlicky goodness of the escargot, my palate needed to be cleansed. I have nothing negative to say about the food at all. I had a lovely dinner, absolutely great food and amazing service - all for $50/person. You can't beat that!
4	This restaurant is exactly the kind of place you want to go if you're looking for a taste of Paris. The service is exquisite, our waiter was knowledgeable about every aspect of the restaurant, from the history to how every dish is prepared. He's amazing.Ordered from the Summer 5-course prix fixe menu and it was difficult choosing from the many options. The basket of crudites were delicious with a variety of fresh vegetables to choose from. The french bread and butter was the perfect accompaniment to it. Ordered wine, Bordeaux Meritage, it was really nice and went perfectly with dinner. For my second course I had the Bouchee de Fruits de Mer. The crust was so flakey and the cognac lobster bisque sauce that it sat in was mouth watering. The shrimp, scallops and mushrooms were done perfectly. It was just an amazing dish.One issue I had was that the waiter kept taking my basket of crudites and I actually wanted to keep it on the table for the entire meal. It was so good! He probably knew I'd try to throw the basket in my purse for the ride home. Yum, yet, STOP. LEAVE THEM THERE. Eh, worse things have happened.For the third course, it was the only choice, I had the Pamplemousse Granite'. It was essentially sorbet sitting in champagne. I'm not a big fan of champagne, but the sorbet was so delicious I didn't even notice it.Now this is where the foodgasm started to lose it's merciless grip: I ordered the prime rib eye steak with pomme frites. The steak was so tough I couldn't even cut it. While it was cooked perfectly (well, the inside was rare and red like it should have been), the outside tasted like a very cheap cut of meat. I was very disappointed. The frites, also, were just regular, almost McDonald's-like, french fries. I should have gone with the salmon like I wanted to. Yuck.Thank goodness the food gods wanted to make it up to me; they brought me Belgium dark chocolat mousse (their spelling). If you like chocolate on any level, this will blow your taste buds into the stratosphere. The dark, rich, creamy, almost velvety mousse was enough to make me wish I'd skipped even the crudites to get to this magnificent display of MOUSSENESS. I know, that's not a word (it is NOW!), but I can't begin to even possibly adequately describe what this dessert tasted like, except pure Belgian chocolate goodness. A goodness that comes from the tears of babies and puppies and also lollipops. It was THAT good. Eat it. Eat it before I do.Get here, it's actually a perfect little off-strip gem that you'll keep going back to. Also: great special occasion place, amazing ambiance.
5	Was there last night for dinner. The restaurant is very cozy and everyone is very nice. We went there on a Groupon offer and are very glad we did. Pierre made us feel at home as we enjoyed a great meal. Will definitely return!
2	Pamplemousse is different than the average Vegas restaurant!...and I love that!Come here for an old-school (almost vintage Vegas) feel!Come here for outstanding service!Don't come here is you are all about French food and want an incredible meal :(The food is A-Ok.  If you do come here, go for the tasting instead of ordering entrees.  I have a soft spot in my heart for duck confit.  I ordered the duck...I was not happy.  I also tried the Grouper in a classic French White wine butter sauce...This was much better.Some people may also feel that the atmosphere is cheesy...I preferred to think of it as classily dated.The wine list is not that extensive, but has a better price-point than most French places in town...but again may leave the French wine snob in your group wanting.
5	This is an outstanding value. Pamplemousse is as authentic a French restaurant as I've found outside of France. I lived in France and return to visit every year, so I know what it should be like. The only thing I found somewhat inauthentic was the unusually large portions. The three-course pix-fixe menu offers more than you can eat for under $40.I can't recommend this place more highly.
1	Wow where to begin? I guess at the beginning. Ok so im a chef from san diego in town leaving tomorrow and remembered i had a groupon i needed to use before I left in the morning. So I   made my reservation at 430 for 530 on a Sunday night and explained I had a groupon. The maitre'd explained 6 would be better or the kitchen and I figured no problem. Plan was; apps and wine to start. Had a big late lunch but we wanted some munchies for one last, all night run at craps and roulette. Upon arrival I noticed the parking lot was full so we ( girlfriend and I ) were excited because we figured full lot means great place. We were seated by Keifer ( the maitre'd ) into a small corner. I didn't mind. There was tinsel hung on all the walls. The place reminded me of a kitchen nightmares episode but again I wanted to see the menu. I looked at the menu and know my girlfriends tastes so I ordered for us. Perry , the beyond pompous waiter, took our order of foie gras, fettuccine ala George, and French onion soup and a Stella. He asked " all appetizers " I said " yes sir " thinking nothing of it. He whipped himself around quite flamboyantly and proceeded to walk away. I thought nothing of it nor was I made aware of any issue. A few moments later Keifer brought out my gf's Stella to the wrong table and being that I was so close to the table next to us I heard him mention something about you can't just order 3 appetizers. My girlfriend caught it aswell and we knew they were talking about us. Perry proceed to come behind Keifer very quickly and hiss something about that's the wrong table. And as they walked to the back the looked like 2 children arguing an making a scene in what is already a small place. We were laughing at their behavior. It was embarrassing for both of them but perry was the one heard throughout the place " I CANT BE 2 PLACES AT ONCE!!! ". Really, priceless. Lol. So we now realized there was an issue perry was too afraid to bring up to us so he asked Keifer to take care of it. Now Keifer comes over all red faced and sweaty from embarrassment w the Stella to the correct table and tries to explain we either have to order an entree, a 5 course or a 4 course prefixe menu in order to use the groupon. I tried to explain it was fine we didn't NEED to use the groupon and it was all good but he kept trying to sell me on his " wonderful salads that come w the pre fixe menu " lol. I tried to explain again we weren't hungry for mains. We wanted to try the apps and be on our way but again he was insistent we order main or the pre fixe. He was insistent " there has to be a balance in the bill " which I though was funny because I had already told him we didn't NEED to use the groupon. By this time I was insulted embarrassed and about to get angry. (The guy opened the menu on my charger plate, stood next to me and WALKED ME thru the menu!!  Wtf!?! I'm a grown man I can read. Lol. ) So I told him we'd gladly pay for the beer and be on our way. Keifer explained the beer was on the house and there would be no charge. So I said " I thought there had to be a balance on the bill?" My girlfriend was more insulted than I was so she left the full beer there. I've been in the food biz for 13 years. Never have I seen anything so mishandled. A) why not address the issue of a main course before or while I'm making my order??? I told you twice I had a groupon B) after explaining we would pay for it out of pocket would you continue to try to sell me something I emphatically refuse. C) why didn't the management word the ad more carefully?? This is the fine print: Reservation required. Dine-in only. Must purchase a food item. Party must have 2 people or more for $50 option, 4 people or more for $100 option. Not valid for online bookingI think 3 apps constitutes a " food item " why not write " an entree must be included in purchase "? Or " there must be a remaining balance AFTER you've used the coupon in order to use this coupon" ?? It's pretty simple.  Bottom line: 1 star because I can't give 0. Yelp won't allow it. The food was probably great but ill never know cuz ill never go back and ill tell everyone I know everywhere I can no to either. Thanks for reading. Happy dinning.
3	The best thing about this place is the service. When I came here with my family, there were like, five waiters orbiting our table at all times--but in a (skillfully) unobtrusive way. The food is not outstanding, but it's solid. They bring out a basket of raw vegetables before the entrees, which may sound like no big deal, but the fresh veggies tasted sooo good after a couple days of Vegas buffets.The problem with this place is...well...it's sorta stinky. We sat in this cute little cove by a window, and the entire time the stale, faint aroma of ASS lingered in the air. What's worse, the bathrooms (literally) smelled like shit. They have a hold-your-breath-or-you-will-ingest-poop-particles bathroom. A pity.
4	Wife and I went there for dinner for the first time a week ago and I was totally impressed with the food and the service. We both cant wait to return and enjoy the great food.
4	This restaurant somehow simultaneously feels authentically French and authentically vintage Las Vegas! It's a few blocks east of Las Vegas Blvd and located in a little squat Southwest-style stucco house and has a wonderfully garish pink sign in the front. Certainly not your typical polished, high-end, celebrity chef-owned, resort restaurant.The menu is French to the core. I had the french onion soup, a baby wild boar entree, and the chocolate souffle with a great red wine pairing. Portions are not Cheesecake Factory-huge, but also not small. There's also bread/olive tapenade/butter and a basket of crudites (vegetables), so ended up being a lot of food! Service was excellent. The waiter was very knowledgeable.Note: We were actually trying to go to Lotus of Siam which is across the street, but there was an hour-long wait at 6pm on a Sunday! Pamplemousse was able to seat us right away. It turned out to be a very different, but great alternative.
3	We got the restaurant at a little after 5 and they were still not open, even though they were supposed to open at 5.  We had 5:30 reservations, but got there early.  When they finally opened the doors, they were still turning on lights and lighting table candles.  The waiter also commented to us that he wasn't expecting us that early.  This really didn't bother us becasue the service turned out to be excellent.  We loved the ambiance of this place.  There were quite a few cubby holes for a romantic dinner for 2.  Now, for the food and the reason for the 3 stars.  The food was ok, no better than anything that I could have cooked at home.  We did like the crudite basket that comes with every meal, it was a nice departure from your typical salad.  The veggies were nice and fresh and crispy.  We started with the seafood over puffed pastry in a lobster sauce.  It was good, but a little salty.  I had the duck breast and confit with a berry sauce.  It was good, but I have had better confit at other establishments in vegas.  I also ordered a side of french green beans and they were very fresh and tasty.  My husband had the Wild Boar special with a cognac cream sauce and said it was really good.  When he ordered, however, he asked if it came with anything such as potatoes.  He was told no, so he ordered a side of Pommes Frites.  Well, as it turned out there was asparagus and a tomato provencal on the plate.  It is too bad we didn't know this in advance becasue we wouldn't have wasted $5 on "Pommes Frites".  We are pretty sure that they went down the street to the local McDonald's to get our fries.  Come on now, if you are going to run a french restaurant, the least you can do is hand cut your Pommes Frites!  I would give this place 3.5 stars, but since I can't it got 3.  I probably wouldn't go back because there are so many other great places in Vegas to eat.  We did use a Groupon, which made the bill pretty inexpensive.
1	The food was good, but the service was some of the worst I've ever experienced. Our waiter, Kiefer, seemed out of it. He also kept putting his hand on my shoulder which made me uncomfortable. His demeanor was degrading when we had questions.  I've seen other waiters half ass their jobs and do better. I'm shocked this is what I received for the price we paid. Now when I go out to eat I think the service I receive all of the time is phenomenal, but then I remember, no, I've just seen the worst service there is so anything looks great.
1	Sooo....  Looks like this place is more hyped up than it should be.  Service is extremely slow, the food wasn't memorable, and the way the waiters looked down upon our party like we weren't good enough to eat there would make anyone think twice about trying this place again.
1	I was drawn in by the Groupon deal, and tricked by deceptive Yelpers with their comments on its authenticity and romantic atmosphere. The pictures were even more so misleading as the plates looked edible. I am sorry but this place's best years are behind it, somewhere far in the rearview. There's no longer good food being made here, if ever.The staff is also sketchy, I felt as though the effort to please was there, but the ability to do so was out of reach. The restaurant is located next to a dumpster, so the place REAKED! We ordered: the lamb shank and the seafood puff. Both were gross, would not go back. We took a few bites and couldn't finish any of our food. Stay away, our meal would have been 50 bucks and it would have devastated us if we had paid full price. Our meal came with complimentary bread & butter and a basket filled with random vegetables. Bread was cold and stale. The butter was NOT butter. I tried a tomato from the basket and couldn't even swallow it.If you are the owner of this restaurant you need to stop, drop, and roll. Reassess this place and the meals you are serving.
5	Wonderful food, amazing service, memorable experience
5	Had a nice dinner her bcoz of the food and server. a hidden gem in vegas!
5	Perfection at an affordable price. The best service, beautiful atmosphere & delicious food. We visit monthly & recently had a party for 20 which was outstanding. Need I say more?? Any negative comments by others are inaccurate..there are no negatives. Kiefer , Perry, & Pierre are the best professional waiters in vegas.
4	Oh la la! Pamplemousse is so fancy and so French, but not in a snooty way at all!  This is very much a Vegas throwback to the days of yesteryear.I have visited Pamplemousse (which is Grapefruit in French, in case you were wondering) on several occasions.  I had heard about the place growing up in Vegas and was excited the first time I ate here, as well as the other visits I have made to this restaurant.  It is definately a different dining experence than what I am used too, but it was fun.  This restaurant is one of those places from Vegas' heyday that you always hear about.  Bobby Darin (the singer) actually envisioned the resturant and helped it get it started! Don't you just love Vegas trivia?  So yes, this place has some history to it, which is rare in this town.  The wait staff here are what make the place special.  They have a ton of stories about the place and really make the whole dining experience come to life.  If you are lucky enough to get Keifer as your server, you will hear all about the stuff that went down in those walls.  It is fun to hear stories about Frank Sinatra and Debbie Reynolds and all of the celebrities of the past.  I am a youngin' and wasn't in Vegas back then, but I love the history of this town, especially juicy gossip!  Everything I have tried here has been really quite good.  It isn't going to be your fancy, ultra modern French food that you find in restaurants today, but I think they cover the classics of the cuisine.  If you like escargot or haven't ever tried it and want too, try it here.  I really enjoyed the way Pamplemousse prepared it...I mean it was soaked in butter and garlic, what isn't to love?  My foodie friend loves the Coq au Vin and has gotten it both times were have gone together. I always get the steak because I am all about the meat, but the bites I have sampled from friend's dishes have always been yummy.Pamplemousse is located off of the Strip and doesn't even look like a restaurant, so you have to keep your eyes open for it when you are driving by, otherwise you will miss it for sure.  It is right off of Sahara at the entrance to a neighborhood, so keep that in mind when you are visiting for the first time.  Also, it is a small place, so I would recommend getting some reservations.  They are on OpenTable, so you can even gets your self some points booking it yourself, if you have an account  (OT is free, so get an account, if you don't have one already!).  You can even request Frank Sinatra's table if you want.  It isn't always available, but worth a try anyway.  Pamplemousse also pops up on Groupon from time to time, so check there too, because it never hurts to save some cash.
3	Food is great! Service, not so much. We arrived early but they still let us sit down. We had no knives to butter our bread so we had to dip them in the butter. There's no chicken or vegetarian main courses unless you ask and they will make you one. I ended up getting fettuccine with veggies and tomato sauce. It was absolutely delicious but it would be nice to find it on the menu. For my dessert I ordered a chocolate melting cake. It came out quickly but again, no spoon. I sat there and watched my ice cream melt all over the cake before I finally flagged down the waiter to get a spoon. Aside from the lack of silverware and absent wait staff, the food is delicious. My husband and I both love the assortment of fresh veggies. The bread was fresh. My husband ordered escargot and he loves it! It's a nice romantic atmosphere, food is tasty but after this being our second time there with poor service, we probably won't return.
5	I am definitely a regular to this place. Their pasta is to die for. The owner and wait staff are very nice and really make the night special. Way to go guys you earned these 5 stars
4	The lamb is great so was the dark chocolate moose. I love finding these hidden Vintage restaurants  in Vegas. The area is dicey but more props to for keeping it going so long. The price was a bit high for the food I feel since they are not located on a beach front or in a casino. My duck was a little dry. However I really enjoined the personality of our server and the place.
2	We have been going to the Pamplemousse for years. We had a Groupon. Funny, we ordered exactly what was on the menu, no wine and it cost the same. $132.00. WTF? The waiter seemed like he was on crack. He was loud and obtuse. He did nothing but talk about himself, BOA and HIMSELF! He was so annoying, that it ruined the ambiance of this once endeared place. The food was okay. Why the chef couldn't make Bearnaise sauce is beyond me. They said I needed to give them a warning. What chef doesn't have the basic ingredients to make this simple yet elegant sauce? Here try this recipe next time..For bernaise sauce: 1/4 c white wine vinegar, 1/4 c dry white wine, 1 T minced shallots, 1 T dried tarragon, salt and pepper, MORE? Back to the Marrakesh for us. Sad..Just sad. I wish Pierre was there. He had been working at the Pamplemousse for 20 plus years. If he is the owner, fire the waiter trying to do a comedy act  with his fake laugh as entertainment and put the crack pipe down.
3	Good french food in a warm cozy romantic atmosphere. Not crazy expensive like many other french places or restaurants on the strip. Maybe could do without french fries for this level of a restaurant.
1	This place is a disaster.  Came with a party of 10 for a birthday. We sat down at 6.30 and didn't get our first course until 9.30, The service was extremely unorganized throughout our 4 hours there. The staff was all over the place and kept apologizing that they were busy with other customers. The food was mediocre at best. Most courses tasted like bland frozen food that was warmed up with not much flavor. Warning  - there is not a full bar here, only wine and beer and the list is not extensive. The room we were seated in had such a foul stench we had to leave during the dessert. I am sorry to say as a Vegas local that I don't recommend this place at all. Needs a serious revamp and a major update in terms of service and food quality.
1	Had reservation for 8pm. Walked in, hostess no where to be found.  We were greated by 2 servers who said the hostess will be with us shortly.  Waited for 10 mins with all the staff passing us by.  They were so busy that they didn't care that there were people waiting by the door.  We walked out.  They just list out business.  Now we have to find another place for our Valentine' Day DINNER. THANK YOU!!! WILL NOT BOTHER COMING AGAIN.  HORRIBLE!!
1	This has to be one of the worse times I've been to a restaurant.  I made reservations for Saturday evening at 8pm.  I booked it through opentable and it was confirmed via email.  So, I swung by the restaurant around 8pm.  Upon going into the restaurant, I was surprised to see no host/hostess at the front.  There is no podum or table.  When you walk in, your basically standing the dining area already. I basically saw waiters and waitresses walking back in forth from the kitchen to the various patrons eating.  They seemed to so busy. I was standing there, staring down and patiently waiting for someone to service me.  I was approached by 2 people stating that a hostess will be with me shortly.  I waited there for about 15 minutes and no one to seat me down.  I couldn't wait any longer, so I just took off and vowed never to return to this restaurant again.  I don't understand why any waiter couldn't just go flag the hostess down to take care me.  If the hostess could not be found, they should of atleast sat me down, especially when your standing there for a while.There are plenty of other restaurants in the city that I spend my money on, never again will I go here.  I didn't even get past step 1, sitting down!
5	I have been wanting to go here after 4 years.It's been a number of factors as to why I hadn't gotten around to it, but with a belated Valentine's dinner (due to my work schedule), I finally got to experience the restaurant.I can honestly say that it is one of the finest dining experiences that I've had in Vegas.The place is extremely "Old Vegas".  It just looks it.  It just feels it.  From every facet of the building.  Ambient with low lighting, it looks like a little French cottage on the inside.  The waiters wear tuxedos, and refer to their boss as "Chef".  The pacing of everything is leisurely (not that you should rush it - clear your schedule for the next two hours to get the best experience, as European dining is not rushed as it is).Keifer was our server.  You want Keifer.  Keifer will take great care of you.The missus and I got the tasting menu, a five course experience that is... well, let me explain it better through the food.Course 1: Crudites.  Not a salad, but a big bucket of various fresh vegetables with a Dijon vinaigrette.  Everything tasted garden fresh and was plentiful.Course 2: I tried a pastry filled with various seafood, and covered in some amazing sauce.  The missus has escargot.  Both were devoured instantly.Course 3: Granite. French sorbet doused in champagne.  I nearly cried at this point.  Between three excellent courses, and the prospect of two more, I think I discovered that Heaven was actually a kitchen.Course 4: I got the prime beef.  The missus got the duck breast and leg.  The beef  sliced like butter upon contact with my knife, and came with fries and this rich gravy.  The duck was incredibly sweet and moist.Course 5: I got dark chocolate mousse.  The missus got the creme brulee.  The mousse was rich and delicious.  You could just taste the cream in the brulee.All of this went with wine, of course.The tasting menu does offer other selections (check the website), just so you know.  The service was impeccable.  The music selections for the atmosphere were appropriate.  I got exactly the experience that I wanted from this restaurant.  This really is one of the "Top 3" dining places that I've experienced in Vegas.There are meals that are simply made, and then there are meals that are crafted.  Pamplemousse understands and respects food as an art form.If you have not been as of yet, set aside the money and time to go.  I often make glib, witty comments about places I venture to, but I can only say this for here: Go.  Just go.
1	I took my wife there for  her Birthday.  What a disaster!First of all they sat us near where they were filming for some TV show.  The waiters only seemed to pay attention to that table for four.  No mention of my wife's Birthday even though we made the reservation with Open Table and told them it was a special event for us.Service was very slow.  The only thing I liked was the first thing served which was a basket of fresh vegetables with a terrific vinaigrette - sort of make your own salad.  All was down hill after this first course.  My wife's escargot was awful instead of the butter they put the snails in a tasteless cream sauce and there was some foreign black items in  the dish - my tomato basil soup was also tasteless. I would not recomme3nd this fake french restaurant to anyone.
4	Everything was great except this one guy. The food was well crafted (went with the prixe fixe). The service was attentive without being pushy. Classic formal service. We had three friendly waitstaff who did their best given the crowd. However, it took an hour to bring us the appetizers. It happens. I can understand. An order slip can fall through cracks. Praise to the dim lights and many hues of pink that lulled us into complicity and made the hour seem like only thirty minutes.  When we mentioned the wait to Waiter X he checked upon the order and brought out the post appetizer palate cleaners. Waiter X then apologized profusely and went to check on the appetizers . From then on things went well. A thick lamb shank, fall off the bone tender, mussels in a rich light broth. All except for this one guy. Waiter X was professional and  stated that the manager would stop by and apologize. Given the cozy seating, I could overhear waiter X trying to get us a discount, but that many have been an issue given the pixe fixe menu. Perhaps I misheard. Regardless, the manager did arrive with the dessert course, and we were introduced as the table that had to wait. The manager then proceed to mention something along the lines that "virtue is a patience." That's the guy. I was stunned by his cavalier attitude with our wait. Until that point I wasn't even mad. (What can i say? The place has a great atmosphere.) But this guy. Again, perhaps I misheard, but he mentioned something to other wait staff about charming customers with talk to overcome minor errors. He then proceed to try and charm us with that used car salesman confidence and fluid delivery of canned lines and "Las Vegas Trivia". My parents are immigrants that couldn't keep up with his corn-syrup cunning. Enjoyed the blank look on his face when nobody responded to his question. We never did get an apology from management for the hour wait. Perhaps he didn't know the wait was one hour despite being told about the wait by Waiter X several times, but if this guy knew about our wait and purposely chose to not acknowledge it....to try and charm us. ... this guy....  Anyways... I really enjoyed the place and will suggest it to others.
2	We arrived hoping to have a true "old Las Vegas" experience, but it was more akin to to episodes of GR's Kitchen Nightmares.  The theme is familiar, a once great restaurant now tired, dusty and dated.  Once exquisite cuisine now tasted and had the texture of day old left overs.  If it wasn't for the extremely attentive service, I would have given it one star.  The food quality although beautifully presented, was extremely lacking.  Update the decor without losing the character and please return to fresh foods not thaw and reheats.
4	Fairly well done classic French; coldmushrooms in the bouchee app and missed two of the desserts.Could have been five, but details matter; good time, very relaxed and executed decently.
5	It was my second visit & possibly better then the first time. Not sure why but I really enjoyed everything. The waiter has been there forever & he has a very quirky personality which made the experience a lot more interesting. The house itself is too cute for words, yes it used to be someone's home. The lighting & French music is absolutely perfect & everything is very charming. The food was great! We did the 5 course menu & come hungry because it's a lot of decadent food. Everything was cooked perfectly & it's a long dinner experience but didn't feel that way. I honestly wanted to just spend the night & explore the grounds. Keep things as they are because we loved the old Vegas/French feel that is what's left of it.
5	As Vegas locals - we know there is a lot of great food on the strip, but this restaurant is truly a hidden gem! The Osso Bucco is to die for!
4	My wife and I went here for our anniversary several weeks ago and had an overall positive experience.  The prices were variable reasonable for the five course meal and the atomsphere romantic.  The waiter Pierre was excellent and explained the menu with precision.  The food was very good and was served in generous portions...you will not walk away hungry that's for sure!  Our only complaint was about an awful sewer type odor emanating from the restrooms. I don't think it was entirely their fault and we tried to overlook it because it is an older building, however, it did dampen the dining experience. We probably will not go back here but definitely enjoyed the opportunity to experience this restaurant. We will keep experimenting with other French restaurants in the Vegas area for comparison purposes and see how others fare...
5	A wonderful place to take someone special. Very cozy and comfortable, a real change from the other ambience of Sin City!
5	Wonderful!   Very intimate, felt like I was in a house in France.  The waiter, Kiefer,  is very friendly and entertaining.   He definitely has personality and did a superior job.  I started with the French onion soup that the waiter said is made from scratch and it is the best I've ever eaten.  My hubby had the seafood pastry.  The waiter brought crudites and french bread both yummy.  My main course was the hanger steak and fettuccine, my hubby had surf and turf.  We both enjoyed our meals and ordered the grand marnier for dessert.Compared to the strip the prices are reasonable and especially with the groupon.My suggestion skip the strip and have a romantic dinner here.
3	I came here saturday night with my family to celebrate my brothers birthday. He and his fiancee love this place, and I guess whenever they come to Vegas (which is a lot), they come here when they're feeling fancy (which is a lot). This place has OLD Vegas charm. Back when you could get a prime rib dinner with a salad, drink, roll, and baby lobster tail for $6.99... remember those days? Now Vegas is different of course... but this restaurant seems to be stuck in that time warp; not with prices, but with the over all feel. The wait staff wear tuxedos, and I wouldn't be surprised to see an old mafia family eating steak here, while sitting next to what looks like a wall but is a secret exit (they actually have that).Why 3 stars then? Our waiter was WEIRD. For real. He just kinda have me the creeps, in a used car salesman kinda way. I really wanted to make use of that secret exit, let me tell ya. There weren't that many people there, and he forgot the ketchup for my fries (I did ask when it didn't come with it) and he was an over all  chatty Kathy in a way that made our whole table bristle. The food was good, but not GREAT. Ive made better rack of lamb at home, but it wasn't bad. The only thing that really left a bad taste in my mouth was the waiter, who after we left, followed us out to the car and continued to talk about stupid shit...like that his car was red. No for real. He actually made it two stars for me, but the chocolate mousse saved his ass. If you eat here, it's a must have! Toodles!
1	I promised myself I would wait until I cooled off to write a review of this place, because I was so incredibly disappointed and just plain mad at the time. But a few months later, the sad experience is still lingering in my memories so here goes.We were in Vegas for our one year dating anniversary/Super Bowl, and wanted a truly romantic off-strip place to celebrate. The reviews of this place painted a perfect picture, so we made a reservation for that Saturday at 6:30 (we like to eat early like old people).From the moment we entered, things were off-kilter. Sure, it was an early reservation so the restaurant was mostly empty, but the host was nowhere to be found. About 5 minutes later a man in a tuxedo poked his head out from the kitchen and seated us in a very romantic (read: dark) corner, side by side. It was a bit cheesy, but we went with it. This was, after all, supposed to be very old school. We were then treated to the history of the restaurant and how Bobby Darin died before it came to be. Sad.I had a hankering for the escargot, which I usually love, so I opted for the 3-course prix fixe meal while the man got the steak. Our waiter was very brusque, and I couldn't tell if this was part of the act or he was just a jerk. If it had been an act, I wish he'd at least have the decency to have a fake accent. But no, it was strictly American.The food came out a long while after the basket of crudites disappeared, and by then the restaurant had started to fill, and we kept hearing the same story about Bobby Darin and the Rat Pack. The host was obviously also working as a server, though his effusive manner was a stark contrast to Non-Accented Jerk Waiter. The host (whose name I wish I remembered, he was so very sweet) clearly loved the restaurant. I wanted to love it too. But then I started in on my escargot pasta. And it was just plain terrible.If the French are believed to be the kings of classic cuisine, please tell me how I ended up with a completely bland dish in front of me? And how did my boyfriend's filet mignon taste like NOTHING? There was no seasoning on  or in either of our dishes. The red wine sauce that accompanied the steak tasted burnt so it was not an option to drizzle over his steak. After copious amounts of salt added, the food was salvageable, but just barely.He finished his steak before I got halfway through the pasta, but Jerky Unaccented Waiter cleared both dishes anyway. I was surprised and tried to say something...to no avail. We were served the sorbet dessert and left to our own devices. That's when the lovable host returned and asked if something had been wrong with the pasta. The chef saw that it was returned and wanted to make sure I wasn't unhappy. I didn't have the heart to tell him it tasted awful before I dropped a salt lick over it, and basically said it grew legs and disappeared before I could finish it. He then gave us an extra dessert as recompense. We asked for the check and that took an additional 10 minutes, then 10 more minutes before it was picked up after we laid down the credit card. As we were finally escaping the host ran up to us and gave us a business card, noting that there we were on it (the two lovebirds). He such a sweetheart, it kind of kills me, but our dinner was terrible and it was the exact opposite experience we hoped for on our first anniversary. So we went back to our hotel and celebrated the way we should have to begin with...
3	This restaurant is close to the Stratosphere Hotel and Casino and off of Las Vegas Blvd over on Sahara Avenue, so I'd consider it "off the beaten path" and due to Vegas weather probably not walkable from the main part of the strip, but you can take a cab or drive here.That's the pros and cons, in that it's not on the strip, for the good and bad of that, it's not convenient to get to, but also takes you away from the chaos of the strip and feels like an old Las Vegas throwback restaurant from the 50's, 60's or 70's era, decades ago.  The ambiance is quaint and cozy, it's small and dimly lit.The food here is good, the service here is great!  The waiter was especially friendly with personality and charm.I had a Filet Mignon steak, so not really within the French cuisine entrees, but it was good.They have great deserts here including a souffle and a lava cake, both are tasty 'tho I'd recommend, as they prepare it in front of you, to ask to keep the ice cream "on the side" since it's cold and the cakes are hot, so it's the clash of the tasty titans in that the cake gets cold and the ice cream quickly melts... and you have to eat fast n' everything becomes a hot mess.  Some people like that, I'm not so much into that and like to take my time and integrate the ice cream or eat it separately, and appreciate the flavor of the cake, warm and moist.  It's good either way 'tho!The vegetable basket, I think it's called Crudites, is a bountiful farmer's market of freshness, as if it were just harvested, and you get a nice assortment, almost too much for even 5 people to eat, so it's a nice snack to share and start of the meal with something cool and refreshing.
4	Locals get it. Tourist don't.It's classic, elegant, and fun. It's a welcome change from what Vegas has become by always being what its always been. The food is decent and the staff share an independent charisma. This is not your Food network celebrity chef B.S. This has been a Las Vegas staple for several decades. Appreciate it for what it is or GTFO! Location a problem? You're an idiot. Go home!You didn't like the presentation? Shut the hell up! You KNOW you paid more, waited longer, and got some bitchy comment from the cashier at that crapyass food truck last week then yelped about how awesome was.Service sucked? See above commentI hope this helped you in your assessment of the aforementioned venue and future yelp reviews. Enjoy.
5	we went for my mothers 80th and it was all wonderful, the staff, the food, the ambiance, all added up to a very special  evening, the lamb shank just melts off the bone and the desserts were amazing. We will go back, my mother is already planning to have her 90th birthday there!!
5	One of the very best restaurants in Vegas. A true hidden gem!Why go to Le Circ or Bouchon and pay overinflated prices for a fine French meal, when you can go to Pamplemousse for half the price and have a true French experience?It doesn't look like much from the street, but walk inside and you will be instantly transported to Paris.The food is unrivaled IMHO. I highly recommend the Fettucine ala George, a marvelously tasty appetizer as is the lobster bisque. They handle fish selections wonderfully and the tournedos are incredible!Anytime we are in Vegas we always dine here, don't miss it, it's wonderful, and easily half the price of any other French restaurant in Vegas you might consider.
1	I don't know why this restaurant has as high a rating as it does. First off the location on the wrong side of town, next to a tattoo parlor, makes you feel like you are going to get mugged getting from your car to the front door.  Upon entering, the stench from some sort of incense or candle is overwhelming. If you can get past that then you have to endure the run down decor and the slightly sticky menus. Needless to say, couldn't take the ambiance long enough to place a dinner order. Our waiter seemed genuinely upset about our leaving even though we left a 75% tip for the bottle of Pelegrino we ordered but didn't consume.  The experience we had was so awful it almost seemed like we were in the starting sequence of a B rated halloween movie. We didn't want to wait around to participate in the slasher scene.
5	Ok here's the deal and why 5 stars. If you're expecting Joel Robecheon or whatever his name is don't come. If you're expecting the care of 5 star dining experience don't come. If you want an old school feel and vibe with a sort of zany off color experience and really good food, not excellent that takes forever where the waiter talks to much and it's a throw back to the 60's and you don't have a stick up your ass, you will love it. Enjoy.
3	I wanted so bad to like this place cuz' I love retro things! Went on  Sunday 1-4-15 .  Our waiter had apparently been there forever, a very tall dude with bleached hair.  Most awkward man I've ever met.  He kept warning us about everything.  Before we even ordered he warned us about how coupons can't be used on the winter tasting menu three times. We didn't even have coupons and didn't mention them.  My husband ordered the skirt steak and he warned us that it is tough and thin.  I ordered the foie gras and he warned us that it's served cold.  It's like he was so used to complaints he was trying to nip them all in the bud before he brought the food.  We are still having a laugh about this quirky guy. Other weird stuff: 1. Waiter dropped a beer bottle next to my husband's foot and my husband caught it and handed it to him and my husband said something like "Woah good catch, huh?" and the waiter said "Sir I am being as polite as possible to you".  LOL what ? 2. Waiter told us they were out of cappuccino creme brulee and he asked if regular was okay and we said sure but the cappuccino creme brulee was brought out anyway.  3. Waiter kept telling everyone that John died.  Who is John? 4. The couple next to us apparently had a bad night and they told us they'd been coming there for 20 years.  Our waiter was apologizing to them.  Maybe they had an off night.  5. Food was meh and for two of us it was $149.00.  Even the next day I was still burping up the food like it was refusing to go down.  6. There are literally 5 parking spots.  The restaurant probably holds 50 so good luck to them I suppose.  Would I come back? No.  But it was fun and I would recommend it to others who are looking to experience some weird old Vegas fun.
