5	Club K9 takes great care of our dog.  He is totally exhausted after a day of daycare and excitedly drags me back the next morning.  They separate dogs by size and seem to know all their dogs and customers well. The price is great - buying a 20 pack at a time works out to $20 a day, which is a little less than we used to pay for a dog walker in NYC...Their boarding rates are also reasonable.  It is $38 a night and that includes daycare for both the drop off and pick up days.  Overall it is a great value considering the quality staff, convenient location (for me), nice facilities and most importantly - the happy dog!
5	I started doing the doggy daycare thing when i lived in New Jersey, and I was spoiled and ruined forever. There is nothing like dropping the dog off in the morning, knowing she's in good hands, and picking her up in the evening all happy and tired. She's an angel after a day of daycare, and this is a dog who one time ate an entire couch all by herself. She's not a good dog at all, but a day of Club K9 wears her out.Purchasing daycare in a package makes it much more affordable. These guys are real experts at doggy entertainment and care. I don't trust many folks with my baby, but I trust them.
4	I love my dog, even though she's a bitch. *rim shot*So when I have to drop her off somewhere for a couple nights, I don't mind paying a bit more for a quality kennel.  And that's exactly what Club K9 is.I've used Club K9 only about 4-5 times over the last year.  Most kennels wouldn't consider that an A-list customer.  But they remember my dog every time.  The only reason I didn't rate them with 5 stars is because my dog seems absolutely petrified of the place.  It's not like she has the heart of a warrior anyway, but I can never leave her there with 100% confidence as she's usually lunging away from the handler and screaming like a banshee.  That may not have anything to do with Club K9 or its employees, but I just couldn't give it the full 5 stars.  It's my dogs fault, (I told you she was a bitch.)I've had to call and ask them twice to stay 5 minutes after hours so that I could come grab my dog before their doors close on Sunday.  And while they obviously don't like to, they've stayed both times.  Gotta love that.I'd recommend them to anyone.
5	Honestly, the best place for the doggies!!!  The staff knows you by name... (well, your dogs name) as it's a place for the animals and not for the people!  I am Turbos dad!!!!   Every single member of the team is always friendly and willing to go the extra mile for the sake of the pups!  Turbs is worn out after playing all day with his friends at school and it truly is a great place to allow for your dog to get socialized! :) Thanks to all the hard workers at club K9! woot woot!
1	The owners of this facility are horribly rude. They never greet their customers with a smile, or barely acknowledge you. This facility has grown over its capacity and does not have the experience or bandwidth to accommodate its clientele. I was looking for a place to socialize my rescue dog and get her some exercise while I'm at work during the day. I should preface that my dog does have some issues with her play manner and can start trouble. But the handlers are inexperienced and do not cater to dogs that need extra assistance. For holidays, when you board your dogs, they are not open days before the holiday, and force you to pay extra (i.e. not open on 12/23, so you have to pay to drop your dog off on 12/22).
5	At my last job, I had the luxury of being able to bring my dog in to work a couple of times a week.  After switching jobs in November, I no longer had that option.  I needed a doggie day-care facility close by to work, and Club K9 fills that need.  I can't comment on the overnight boarding (as I have not used that service yet), but I can always count on my dog being absolutely tired from playing all day when I pick him up in the evening after work.  The staff seem very friendly and personable.  All in all, it is well worth the price!
2	I called up the facilities to get a refund on my package, which they very graciously provided.
5	Every week when I walk into Club K9 and I hear "Hudson's here" I can't help but smile! We started taking our dog, Hudson, every once in a while to give him a chance to play with other dogs and get him some exercise while we are at work...well  we are now up to once a week and if we don't take him he definitely lets us know it's time. We can't even say the words "Doggie Daycare" in our house or he goes NUTS...so we have adopted the term "DD". I used to bring him in on a leash, but he would practically drag me across the parking lot because he was so excited and that was not good for me or my high heels...so now there is no leash for us. He knows exactly where he is supposed to go. He loves it and I love seeing him so excited!The staff at Club K9 is amazing; they remember all the dogs and the dogs all love them. If I could take Hudson every day I would. When it's time to go home he can barely jump in the car he is so tired. I am sure people driving by get a real kick out of me trying to hoist a 115 pound dog into the back of my car! I would definitely recommend Club K9 to anyone who wants a tired, happy, socialized pup!
4	My dog is a freak and they seem to like him at Club K-9 so that guarantees a good review.  Of course they also like my money and I've heard that there is a special NoDa rate but since I live just outside of NoDa, I don't qualify.  If they would just give me the NoDa rate, then I would give this place 5 stars.  They don't have to give it to anyone else, just me.  It would be our dirty little secret.People are super nice here.  We leave our dog for overnight boarding and he always seems to look forward to his time at Club K-9.  I like the fact that he is exhausted when we pick him up because he is a little freak and then I get a rare moment of peace and quiet at my house.  Right now, he is out back barking endlessly at leaves falling from the trees.  Good thing he's a cute dog otherwise I'd knock him senseless with a dead squirrel carcass.
3	We take our dog here for day care sometimes because it is right on our way to work, so very convenient.  Our dog seems to love it which is why we keep bringing him back, but unfortunately the front desk is never very friendly or warm to me when I come in.  Another drawback is that we have to board our dog elsewhere when we go out of town because their weekend hours are so terrible (9-12 on Saturdays and 4-6 on Sundays).  Therefore, if we are not going to be back from our trips within those hours we have board him a whole extra night, which we are just unwilling to do.  We would prefer for our daycare facility and boarding facility be the same, but unfortunately Club K-9 makes that very difficult.Like I said before though, our dog seems to love it when he goes there for daycare.
5	I always speak with Liane, She is incredible. Her dog knowledge blows my mind. the staff is amazing and this is the only place I will bring my pets. I have 4. Two very old and 2 pups. I know they are safe here. She always gives me updates on their daily activities if I ask or will have someone there talk with me. My dogs love it.If you love your dogs, bring them here for a treat.
