4	It's a standard Chinese menu restaurant. But... OMG - five minute to go order and your order is ready! Totally recommend if you about to pass out of hunger. But if you are not so hungry, they have good food too.
3	The food was only OK. I would have marked them a 2 star if it weren't for the service.
4	This is a nice place worth a visit. The menu is what you would find at just about any other Chinese restaurant; the difference is the quality for the same low price. I ordered the General Tso's Chicken [they call it General Chicken, and you will be corrected if you order General Tso's!] as I frequently do, and it was a nice treat to have the broccoli warm but crisp, not drowned in the szechuan sauce as you typically find. In contrast with other reviewers, i did not find the service to be anything special (though the food did come out as quickly as it usually does at Chinese places). My boyfriend had the chicken with mixed vegetables and he was as happy with his meal as I was with mine. It's now his go-to place for Chinese cuisine.
4	Went here for the first time for dinner.  Service and prices was good.  Had the moo shu pork.  it was good.  husband had the scallops w/ garlic sauce.  good, but could have a bit lighter on the brown sauce.  Very generous on portions. gave us 2 generous bowls of rice.  which all chinese restaurants  never do.  Springs roll was good.  Yes, we will be back again !
4	We used to eat at this location a few times a month for several years when we lived less than a mile from it.The food was always good, the waitstaff always great, and the prices were about what I expected for the restaurant's ambiance, etc.When my daughter was little, the waiters always made a fuss over her. She loved it.
4	Good food, with big portions. Went on a Sunday afternoon, ordered a spring roll, lettuce wraps, scrimp fried rice, and a noodle dish. Their plum sauce is a good compliment to the meal. Ate off of this food for 3 days. I will be back!
2	The food is decent and it comes very, very quickly, as did the after effects.
3	Great food. Average service. A bit overpriced. Worth it when you want quality Chinese food.
4	House of Leng is a great place to eat lunch with decent prices and fantastic food. The Chicken with Cashew s is great. They have some of the best sweet tea in Charlotte. The Staff is friendly and very attentive to their patrons.I eat here very often and i plan on returning very frequently.Keep up the good work
5	Has the best chow fun here. Very large portions and excellent service I go at least twice a month
4	I've visited House of Leng in the University area a few times for lunch.  They offer a great, simple Chinese meal experience at great lunch prices, and everything is served quickly so I can get in and out within my lunch hour.  Although the restaurant doesn't have much of a "Chinese" feel, it's modern and clean, so it's great for dining with friends,colleagues, or kids, but not so great for a romantic or intimate atmosphere.   The only downside is that I leave stuffed and then feel like I need to go back to work and take a nap. :)
4	First time here and it was a good experience. Fair prices, good food, good service. I'll be making a trip back soon.
5	This is a great Chinese resturant. I keep looking for the same floral green chairs, fake water paintings, and buffet line but, none of those can be found anywhere.  I went close to closing and the staff was still warm and inviting and assured me that I wasn't putting them out and that I should order. I've driven by a couple times and it always looks busy and I under stand why. Although prices are a little more expensive than standard Chinese, the entree size more than makes up for it. I got pepper steak and could barely finish it which says a lot. The egg rolls were crisp and the take out traveled well. If you are looking for elevated Chinese this place is the perfect spot without uptown pretension.
3	I've met my boyfriend at the House of Leng for lunch once or twice, since it's within walking distance of his office. It's pretty standard Chinese fare. At least at lunch, the prices are reasonable, and you get a lot of food for your money.The last time we went, I ordered the General (Tso's) Chicken. It was fairly tasty for the most part, but it got really salty at the bottom of the dish, so I didn't quite finish it. This is unusual for me; read what you want in to it.
3	After trying the Mallard Creek location we decided to give the University location of House of Leng a try this weekend. The dining room is spacious, which meant that even on a Friday evening there were plenty of empty tables and we were seated immediately. All of the staff was very friendly and attentive, quick to refill drinks and frequently checking to make sure we didn't need anything. The food was quick to arrive, hot, and the flavor, while not super exciting, was nice enough. I do wish both entrees were less greasy. And none of the flavors really stood out as dominant in the Szechuan Twin Twist that I ordered, but I did appreciate that they had a number of dishes that included both chicken and shrimp.All in all House of Leng was a positive experience when we were looking for a quick, casual, easy dinner out. Not the best Chinese I've had in CLT but certainly not the worst.
4	House of Leng's food has consistent and good quality. The ingredients are always fresh and the menu has the standard traditional american "chinesish" food offerings. The decor and atmosphere is modern and clean and it is a good size restaurant for their business volume and it is in very convenient location to a lot of offices and homes. Now for some of my wife and my favorite dishes. The pork lo mein is good but has some faults. There are no bean sprouts and it has a little too much brown sauce, but the pork was the southern style sweet "choshu" - delicious. The sesame tofu is excellent. This dish is fried tofu cubes with a sesame brown sauce over it. We order it with the sauce on the side because the tofu comes straight out the deep fryer beautifully crispy. If you do not order it with the sauce on the side they drown it in sauce destroying the crispiness and the sauce is overpowering. Another winner is the "house special" soup appetizer for two which has whipped egg whites floating in it. I have has the chow fun in the past and it was very good. Also their crispy scallop dish is very good as well. Most of their dishes have the same brown sauce as a key ingredient, which wont annoy most patrons because most wont be ordering 10 plates of food to entertain a large party with variety. Again, the strength here is that the quality is consistent and the ingredients fresh and the taste is good to excellent on average.
1	I went for dinner here and the service was horrible!! We ordered the seafood dumplings appetizer an order of Sesame chicken and General Tso's (half spicy and half not because they didn't have a kids menu for my girlfriends daughter to chose from). And not only did we not receive our appetizer at all, the General Tso's was spicy and there was no second plate that we asked for. The food was ok nothing spectacular. It tastes like they cooked the chicken over an open flame. It was kind of charred. Needless to say it was a bad first experience and I will not return.
4	My coworkers and I visit House of Leng in the University area on a regular occasions for lunch. They offer tasty, simple Chinese dishes at  low prices (for lunch anyways). The service is always very good and the food takes only a few minutes to come out. The atmosphere is lacking that oriental feel but I have no complaints regarding its modern styling ques; Very open and inviting. Overall, its a great place that I enjoy time and time again!
4	I recently hosted our school musical's cast party at the House of Leng. They allowed us the upstairs area for our guests and had the table nicely assembled in rows so the kids could sit in groups. They also had a cake table set up for up for the cake we brought in. I asked for little cake plates and they were very obliging. My husband and I ordered soup to start and the Pork Dumplings. All of which was delicious. For dinner we shared the Sesame Chicken (it was huge, family style portions) and white rice. We were so pleased. After dinner the staff was very attentive to cleaning up our tables and gave us our after dinner Fortune Cookies. I applaud the staff for handling such a large group with ease. I did not hear one family complain or want for anything. We will certainly come back to House of Leng for Lunch, Dinner or Large group parties!
2	I will not be returning here. They are way expensive. An order of General Chicken with a spring roll is $14! You can get double the food and better food at the at other local places. I am a huge fan of Chinese and this is one of the worst. The General Chicken had a bitter taste and was not sweet. There were more vegetables than actual meat. Every place I have been gives you two spring rolls for $1.50. Here they charge the same but for only one. The food was fast but that's about to it. I would certainly look elsewhere. There is better Chinese food at better prices.
2	Lunch is not as cheap as it is at a lot of places.  Portion size was enough food for lunch but, I'm used to having leftovers.I had some errands to run in University and I was hungry.  I've got a "go to" Chinese spot about 5 miles in any direction from here but, didn't have the time today, so here is where I ended up.Its right near the lake, along with Ciro's, Zapata's, Boardwalk Billy's.  The decor is nice but, nothing special.  They have some booths and some tables.  I was promptly seated in a pretty much empty restaurant in one of the booths.  My waiter was quick and polite.  I wasn't extremely thrilled to not see a single meal for under $6 and that they didn't come with soup.  What can I say, I'm spoiled.  I went with the beef and broccoli.  It came out within 5 minutes.  The broccoli was barely cooked but I liked it.  The little pieces of beef were in a brown sauce that was quite salty.  My egg roll was leaking a Valdez style pool of oil in this over-salted sauce.  I've seen this before, when the egg roll has a whole and it and it just soaks up the oil.  My waiter was quite attentive but, nothing was going to save this meal.If in a hurry, you can grab a decent bite for under $10 for lunch.  But, as soon as I left I saw that Zapata's has a $6.99 lunch special including drink next door, Ciro's is good Italian food, and of course if you really want Asian there's always Thai House across the street.
3	Went here for lunch with my daughter. They had a 96 sanitation grade. The place was clean. Food was just ok for the prices. Service could've been more attentive. I was without drink a couple of times. I actually had to call them to get a refill. Overall I give this place 3 starts because it wasn't bad. Wasn't great......wasn't bad. Just ok.
4	I tried this place based on recommendation from a coworker and have been four times in under a month's time. For some reason, I'd never paid much attention to this place whenever I was in the area running errands but now I cannot stop raving about it to others. My personal favorites are the General Tso's chicken, veggie fried rice and the egg rolls.  Delicious, affordable chinese food!
1	Nope, I will never go back to this place. Food was just crappy. Service wasn't that bad although my server could've informed me more on items i ordered.  The shrimp with chili sauce was AWFUL. Tiny shrimp that weren't "cleaned" with this terrible thick red sauce and huge onion slices all over. I expected some yummy spicy chili dish---i also ordered seafood dumplings - LAME! They were rubbery and just a piece of shrimp inside. I was thinking like a medley of seafood, ya know? my friend ordered general tso chicken- sauce was thick and dark, not what our ideas of this dish would be. Eggrolls? Terrible. Way too expensive for being unsatisfied, 40$ for two bites. Nope! That was my first and last time.
5	Service was quick, food was excellentWe ordered Beef and broccoli Sacha shrimpHouse special fried rice House special Lo mein
3	Dinner was good but I dials agree with automatic gratuity of a party of 5 and you run out if dessert in the morning I really was looking forward to the key lime pie!
5	I absolutely love this place. The food is consistently good, and everything that I've tried from here has been delicious. I could eat it everyday.I'd recommend the choice of two (I get shrimp and chicken, add spice), and the shrimp fried rice is really good, too. The portions are a good size, and I've never had a problem with requesting slight changes to my meal if I wanted (more sauce, add spice, no onions, etc).The restaurant is clean, and it's nice for a date or outing because it's right in the boardwalk area. The customer service isn't anything to write home about, but it's not bad either.
1	Not the biggest fan of this place.  Usually get the Orange Chicken to use that as the bar, and it was horrendous.  I think they bought frozen popcorn chicken, and put a gross glaze on it.  Service was great, in it was extremely quick.  Only saving grace for them...
5	This is the best Chinese food around Charlotte. Right next to a nice little lake, pretty good for dates. Wine vault is close as well. I recommend the chicken eggplant! Hard to get this item from other places. Please give it a shot.
1	Came here thinking it may be pretty good....ordered the General Taos chicken had to send it back because it was fried so hard...yuck it was crunchy and hard as hell felt like I was chewing on small rocks...I swapped it for sesame chicken...well it came out almost as hard fried as the General... but it was tolerable... now the spring roll was delicious... overall I would not come back to this joint.
4	I was in town for business and we ended up at House of Leng for lunch on our final day.The parking situation isn't great. As part of the larger shopping center, you can easily end up with a decent hike to get to the restaurant.They were able to easily accomodate our medium sized group with minimal notice. The service was reasonably quick but the food did take some time and didn't come out together. There was at least a five minute gap between the first plates coming out and my food coming out.The food was pretty good, we had a fair mix in the group, I got the eggplant chicken and enjoyed it. The eggplant especially was well cooked. The portions were generous and each entree was about $7-$8.The food is good but nothing special but for the price, the quality and quantity are tough to beat.
4	General Chicken is the best dish ever; I can have it everyday. Other ones are also good.
3	The food was great the service smh not so great maybe they were having a bad day but I would eat there again
3	Average beef and broccoli dish. I didn't like the extra charge for fried rice with meal, any choice of rices are included at other Chinese  restaurants.
4	After checking into the Hilton, we walked around the Boardwalk to check out what restaurants are in the area. Honestly, we smelled Chinese since we went outside and was searching for it. We finally found House of Leng.It's nice and cozy inside. I ordered Orange Chicken with Fried rice. When it came out, it was more brown than orange. It still was yummy. The food portion was huge and I was unable to finish it. My niece ate the rest of my chicken. The staff was really friendly.
5	House Of Leng has become the go-to place for chinese food for me and my husband. Their Crispy Scallion Chicken dish is our absolute favorite but everything we've ever tried on the menu has been delicious. The veggie Lo Mein and pork Lo Mein in particular are great. As for appetizers,  their dumplings,  spring rolls and calamari have all been good. We don't always necessarily order appetizers so I haven't tried that many items off the appetizer menu..but what we have had has never disappointed us. Service is good and attentive - they don't hover around you too much so that you get your privacy (which is something I always appreciate when dining out and trying to have a conversation) but they make sure they are always close enough to serve you when you need them. Food comes out quite quick and it's always super fresh. Prices are very reasonable considering the size of the dishes - we always leave with a box of leftovers because the dishes are so big, which makes for yummy next day snacking:)We've tried two different locations - the University City one and the one at Mallard Creek - and I must say that though both have been good, the Lengs in University City is better. Definitely a go-to place for spicy(ish) chinese style chicken!
1	I would have eaten there but I was told there was no public restroom. I wanted to wash my hands first. It seemed like a nice place. ...too nice not to have a bathroom. Odd.
3	Seafood delight was okay. The rice tasted like it was reheated a few times. Overall, the food and service was just okay
