4	Had to stop at this Food City one time and i saw this whole in the wall mexican taco shop. I saw a few mexicans inside and i always figured if you see people from mexico eating at a mexican place that it must be good. I was totally right, ive had their tacos (carne asada, head and tongue) and had gorditas, which are hand made and really delicious, the sauce selection rocks! the girl taking your order is very friendly, you can order in english or spanish if you prefer. Ive gone there three times already....cannot get enough of their delicious tacos!
5	I absolutely love this place. I was just there last week! In all honesty, the area is not the best, nor is the actual building. Although, once inside, depending on the time of the day, it usually is fairly clean, and the employees are very nice. I personally do not speak Spanish, but I have been coming for so long that they recognize me. But don't be alarm, most employees speak fairly good English. Though the location is questionable, the food is delicious! I LOVE their Carne Asada Burritos and this is the ONLY place I go to get a burrito. There homemade Flour Tortillas are to die for, as I am VERY picky when it comes to Tortillas. I don't go ANYWHERE else for a burrito. They also have very good Tortas too. So, don't let the location make you hesitate, it will be worth it if you LOVE a good burrito. The Carne Asada Burrito has Beans, Carne Asada, Pico De  Gallo, and Guacamole. And before I forget, their Red Sauce has a very different taste than something you would get at Phillibertos or any other Mexican Food Restaurant. This Red Sauce goes PERFECTLY with their Carne Asada Burrito.
4	A solid taco shop tucked in a strip mall. Pastor, lengua, carnitas, carne asada and more plus cocktail camerones, orchata etc.  I've had all of the above and was not disappointed.  Today this was the first place I went when I landed to curb my taco craving!
1	i'd give this place 0 stars if it was an option.  been here 3x, only to give it another chance and try something different each time. but no, I'm sorry but the food tastes so generic, out of a can possibly. tacos: Carne was too oily, sopes; watery and sawgy, gordita: fell apart,  had to use fork, the green Chile pork,  omg, the worst ever,  it tasted like it was never finished cooking. your better off going to tacos sahuayo or taqueria yaqui nearby.  I hate to give bad reviews but this place just ain't recommended.
