5	I just ran into to Firebird to see if they can help with some tires for a 1977 School bus...of course they could. They gave me a heck of a deal and had it ready the next day.
5	We have a sprinter van and need to have valve extensions put on because it was impossible to fill the dual tires without them.  We called everywhere - RV dealer, tire stores, auto repair shops and they either didn't do this type of work or they wanted to install cheap rubber extensions.  Finally, we found Firebird Tire on line.  Instead of adding extensions they replaced the stems and the cost was a third less than we were quoted by an RV dealer for the rubber extensions.  Service was outstanding and they had it done when they said they would!
2	I went in to get a tire changed and balanceing of my two front . They charged me 75 bucks .I get down the road and notice that the drivers side does not have any weights on it so iI call them back and ask if they had to balance it they said "No", .I then asked why they charged me for something they did not do and the young guy Matt is his name rudely told me "because we put it on the machine.to which i replied but you did not do any thing to it. I was promptly told if i did not like it to take it up with Paul. I will never go there again. completely ripped off by that place .
5	After going back to this establishment I was refunded my money , just to give it back . This visit was much more professional than the last one ,and more rewarding. After Matt was done load balancing the tires he explained how the machine worked and what it did to achieve this. With out a doubt 200% better going down the road and completely satisfied with the service there.
5	We  were traveling through in our RV and were having problems with two tires.  They took care of it promptly, reasonably and courteously.  They even arranged to have someone come and service our generator. Tom at the front desk was great.  Paul the owner took care of a minor glitch we had.  I would absolutely recommend them and would use them in the future.
