5	I have had nothing but positive experiences with American Five Star Transmission. I have gone to them twice now just for simple oil and filter changes, and have been impressed with the price and the service. What I appreciate  most is that I don't feel like I am being sold on extra work my car doesn't need. I get a straightforward explanation of some recommendations, and am told that most of it can wait. I appreciate their honesty and good customer service. They also give good coupons periodically.
5	American five star has only been helpful when it comes to maintaining and repairing our car. The staff is friendly and trustworthy, and the owner has always been willing to explain and show why certain things need to be done. Great place to take your car!
5	I am a young woman with little to no understanding of the inner workings of cars - and, unfortunately, the owner of some very problematic autos! I have been using American 5 Star for about 3 years now, for 3 different cars (1997 Honda CRV, 2000 Mercury Mystique, 2001 Buick Century), and  I cannot speak more highly of American 5 Star, and the owner, Eric, who really cares about his customers and the car's safety.  Highlights: *REPUTABLE, HONEST & FAIR - Eric and his staff always tell me what needs to be done, and which items are important/immediate and which can wait.  I have price shopped their estimates and seen other mechanics, and I have found American 5 Star to be extremely HONEST, and never inflate numbers or the immediacy of a car problem*VERY REASONABLE PRICES, and coupons on their websites*FREE SAFETY CHECK: All-Inclusive Courtesy Check with every service - they check everything from your lights, to brakes, to everything under the hood - FOR FREE *KNOWLEDGEABLE about all my cars, and quickly able to diagnose specific issues (even problems that won't show on the diagnostic, or multi-symptom issues).  Can do everything from oil changes to very complicated engine repairs. *RESPECTFUL, KIND, FAST employees that greet and assist you immediately, get to your car asap, and take the time (sometimes, for me as long as 20 minutes!) to explain exactly what is going on. *ONLINE STUFF: You can access your car's history of service with American 5 Star, and they will remind you via email (or however you prefer) of upcoming maintenance *LADIES - I feel so comfortable referring all my friends, especially females here.  I have been taken advantage of by so many mechanics. Once (at Midas) I even had to call my scary uncle to come and yell at a mechanic for me because he had very obviously not fixed my car and was charging me for the part and labor (and my car still didn't run!).  You will not have an experience like that at American 5 Star.  This is probably what I love the most about this place.  I know that my car is going to be well taken care of by capable people, and at reasonable prices.  NO SCAMS, NO SEXISM, NO INFLATED PRICES. If you are having a car issue, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND visiting Eric and staff at American 5 Star Transmission!!!!!!!!!
5	I have been there twice, and they have my rear end differential and my brakes replaced. Also, they help me replace my passenger seat belt. Very good place.
4	Time will tell.  My son had his oil changed there on Thursday, Feb 9th and then came home later that evening and parked in the driveway in Sahuarita.  On Saturday, I was looking at the tires because the service rep indicated they needed to be replaced (they have at least 20k) more miles when I depth checked them.  I noticed a significant oil leak. I crawled under the vehicle and found that the oil plug was loose and I was able to turn with my fingers.  When I hand tightened the plug, I found that the hole had been stripped when they did the oil change.  Nothing was ever said and thankfully I found the issue before he seized the engine.  I've called American 5 Star and left a message as they close at 1 Saturday.  I'll update the review with their response.*************Owner took in car and fixed the oil leak.  He was really good to work with, listened to my concerns and took care of my son.  Thank you!!
5	Michael and Eric did awesome work to my truck when I needed help the most.  They didn't over charge me and had the truck done in the time they said. I would completely recommend them to all my families and friends. Thanks guys Great work!
1	This place saw me coming a mile away. I thought that since my then boyfriend had taken his car there and always gotten a good honest deal, it was an alright place. Boy was I wrong! My car wasn't starting and I was desperate for a fix. After charging me over $600 to "replace cables" in my vehicle, I took it back a week later because it would not start. They then told me the fuel pump was broken and needed to be replaced. So I spent another $300 on that. About five days later, it would not start again. At this point, I told them that THEY would be coming to pick up my car and figure out what was wrong with it, free of charge, which they did. Their conclusion? Water in the gas tank, which they told me they could take care of for ANOTHER $200. Needless to say, I didn't go back. They definitley ripped me off. Don't go there!
5	Five-star,  indeed!I purchased a groupon or livingsocial deal which was a punch-card of sorts for oil changes and such from a pre-defined list of service centers.The facilities need a bit of help (we all got lightly "rained" on from the leaking AC), but the staff was friendly, efficient, and helpful, and even funny!  Yes, that's right, you get an oil change with a free comedy routine!I'll certainly be back, of course, because I have my punch card, but also because they're great fun for the few minutes you wait for your oil change, AND they took my mobile number down so I can get a reminder of when Ms. Matilda (my car, duh) needs some TLC again.
5	Have been taking my cars to American Five Star for many many years.  Always very friendly atmosphere, they always do a great job of explaining the problems and solutions in detail so i understand. Always quick service.
5	As always 5 star comes to my rescue... my bearing in the front right wheel is going bad, they diagnosed the strange noise i was hearing, explained to me the problem and the solutions, i hope to get it fixed this weekend... friendly, quick and impecable service at this shop. thanks guys. see you soon.
5	Thanks for the Oil change yesterday, and thanks for the gift cards your shop sent me in the mail for the new year, used 2 already, 1 more to go... look forward for to getting new struts soon...
5	I found American Five Star about 5 years ago when I purchased one of those Car Care Punch Cards.  I used them for my routine car maintenance for a while, and through two different cars.  I always had a great experience; even without my punch card the prices were reasonable, and service was always great.  I had a good rapport with the owner, Eric.  On the few occasions they noticed something was off during a routine inspection, they would thoroughly explain the problem/solution and make sure I felt comfortable.  When I moved out of state, I was very sad to leave this shop behind and have to find a new one.I moved back to Phoenix about a year and a half ago, and even though I no longer lived in Tempe, I made the drive back here when my brakes were acting up.  I'd been to several places in Chicago trying to figure it out, and they all told me everything was fine.  After I drove across the country, I knew everything was not fine.  I walked in and began explaining my situation to Eric.  To my surprise, he remembered me and my car!  He really listened to the problem, acknowledged that it wasn't an issue he would be able to notice by a simple test drive (and Murphy's law of everything working fine in front of someone who can fix it), and joked that he'd get into some precarious situation to really see how the brakes handled it.  When I returned later, he had in fact witnessed the problem!  Nobody else ever bothered to actually drive the car as part of the diagnostic process.  He actually took me into the shop to show me my brake pads, and compare them with the front ones (which were fine).  Again, always explaining things and making sure I feel comfortable with the suggested repairs.  The only negative experience I've ever had was with a receptionist who didn't seem to accurately communicate my desires with the shop, or the mechanic's suggestions with me.  I'd prefer a direct conversation with the person who is actually under my hood.  That said, she is no longer at the shop and everyone else I've seen has been a lot more knowledgeable, efficient and professional.  I would recommend American Five Star to anyone looking for a non-corporate, decently priced, knowledgeable and professional shop.  I don't see any reason I'd go elsewhere.
5	Eric was a very kind man.  He checked my car for no charge. I had a great experience, especially considering the stressful situation I am in with my car. The staff was all very friendly (and funny!). Goodyear sent me here since I was having transmission issues that they couldn't repair. I will come back when I need their service.
5	You know you're getting good service when the owner takes time to explain your bill and options. I brought my truck to American Five Star after searching google. I knew I had several problems that needed to be addressed but I was on a strict budget. I spoke with the service staff and explained my situation. After the shop did a courtesy check Eric the owner explained everything that was recommended and even explained symptoms I was noticing but didn't mention. This guy knows cars. I explained my budget and Eric made a list of repairs by priority, I've been visiting these guys regularly as my budget allows and taking care of those repairs, I couldn't be more satisfied.  My truck feels brand new. New Tires, Alignment, Transmission Service, Oil Change, Replaced Broken Mirror, New Battery, and a New Alternator. The staff has been so friendly and now I have a service schedule setup so I can budget for maintenance and not let my truck fall into disrepair again.
1	This place is a rip off.  We had our car towed there when it broke down- they said we needed a new fuel pump and it would cost us between $800 to $1000.  We called another place right down the street (AJ's) and they did it for $405.  We actually called a couple places and nobody quoted over $600.   I think they were just taking advantage since we had our car towed there and they figured we weren't going to go somewhere else.  I understand that they had to charge us for the diagnosis, but $105?? Ridiculous.I had my oil changed there a couple times and I should have known not to go back when they called me and told me my key and remote wouldn't open the door.  I told them to try again and push the button hard and they finally got in.   I never use the key to try and unlock the door because I have a clicker, but a couple months later I misplaced my keys and when I tried to use my spare to open the door, I noticed the lock was all jammed up, as if someone had been trying to force it.   Can't prove that they did it, and I never said anything since I didn't notice it for two months, but I'm pretty sure the guy who couldn't get in ruined my door lock.They've given me a few other quotes on suggested service which always seem to be really high.  If you're going to get anything done there, I would definitely call around and get prices from other shops first.
1	I brought my car in for an oil change.  The mechanic told me I needed over $3000 for repairs based on their inspection.  I got a second opinion and needed none of their recommended repairs.   They charged me for replacing the filter cover because it was stripped.  However, they lied.  I later used a flashlight to look at the filter cover and it was the same cover that has been on my car for years.  To make matters worse,  they put the filter cover on so tight it stripped the threads and cost me $168 to replace.
5	Great service at a good price. Dragan fixed my vehicle and prepared it for emissions, which is right down the street about 5 minutes away, I was in out and had my emissions test same day! Will use again.
5	I have been coming here for years. They do good work at a reasonable price. In the one instance where I had problems after they had replaced some parts, they replaced the parts for free. Eric and the staff are easy to work with.  I have recommended them to my friends and family.
5	Seriously one of the best places to get any car repair or service! They may not be the cheapest but it's because they only do the best work with the highest quality parts. Always helpful & friendly...these guys rock. A shout out to The owner Eric who always takes the time to explain anything or answer any questions. Also to Bo for being a rockstar when it's busy!
5	Eric the owner is a great guy. This is the place I use to do all of our alignments when we do front end work on vehicles.
5	I have a 1996 RAV 4 with a manual 5-speed transmission.  I generally don't get a lot of work done on older cars, because they'll run just the same.  However, I needed to get something done, because my M.P.G. decreased significantly and it had been quite a while since a repair of any sort.  The list of repairs is long, including tires, a timing belt, shocks + struts, brakes, and fluid flushes.  I was daunted by the long list and the total cost.  However, Eric worked with me to understand the most pressing problems and we created a work plan to get through the most important first and manage the labor costs by doing some repairs in tandem, while that part of the vehicle was disassembled.  I'll recommend Eric for his friendly demeanor, complete understanding of my budget, and charging an fair price for the needed repairs.
5	Went to Eric after I bought a car from a small...now realizing somewhat shady dealership (I will review them after they do or don't fix things).He spent 30 minutes checking out my car and then another 30-40 minutes explaining what kind of repairs I should expect with a car at 50,000 miles. Now of course I just bought this car 2 weeks ago and...yes I should have came to Eric before I signed the papers because he took the time to show me how he measured my breaks and why I will need new ones in about 5,000 miles. Awesome.He also gave me a packet of information which (I will take a picture of and post) tells you when you need to get all these things done to your car. I don't know why teachers don't give you this packet in high school...something actually useful to learn. I will treasure this packet. He also has some discounts on his website and if you are an Employee Network (check employeenetwork.com) member you get 10% off your total invoice. He did not charge me anything for the "courtesy inspection" he called it.Side note, after owning an 2001 Toyota Camry I have much respect for people that take care of old cars. He has a 2003 is a smoker but does not smoke or let any family members eat in his car. I am not a smoker but I bet that is an extremely hard thing to do. Great guy, you can tell his heart is in engines and making his customers happy.I will be making this my new Auto repair shop.
4	Took longer than I expected, but I appreciated that they were upfront and honest with me about costs. They didn't try to upsell me on anything and listened to my car concerns and more importantly, paid attention when I talked about my budget.
4	I was originally quoted over $600 to replace a battery and alternator, neither of which I've had for very long. My alternator was still under warranty, so I brought them a new one and they installed it. My final price was a tad over $200. After they replaced the alternator, they tested the battery again and said I didn't need a new one after all, a fact that impressed me greatly considering how easy it would have been for them to charge me for something I didn't need. I'll be taking my other car there later today.
5	I've been taking my car there for eight years. Always good reliable work. What more is there to say?
5	I went here for an oil change today because I received a free oil change gift certificate for moving into the neighborhood.  I was in and our within an hour and the receptionist was extremely helpful and very nice.  They even replaced my left break light for free.  I will be returning here for my car care needs.  Thanks for the great service.
5	Great staff, quick service reliable repair shop!  Two thumbs up.   I am very happy with this place and will be back again.
5	I've taken my Honda Element to American Five Star for maintenance and repairs. I've always been happy with the customer service, prices and shop work. They are friendly, honest and have taken good care of me. I recommend American Five Star.
5	Great Service!!! Eric, the owner, is a real stand up guy. He took time to go over my issues and resolved the problem while I waited. American 5 Star is the new go to for all my diesel truck needs! A million thanks!!!
