4	Really great massage. I was gifted a certificate for an hour deep tissue massage over the summer, and had held off on using it until after the holidays. Scheduling an appointment was easy since the masseuse, Lisa, has her own office; however, the internet scheduling is defunct, so be sure to call instead. Despite arriving seven minutes late (I thought the office was located up the street from me, but it's located way on the west side of town around Tenaya and Buffalo, near Summerlin- my bad) Lisa took her time. I mean REALLY took her time. My massage began around 3:00pm and Lisa worked on me, despite charging me for only an hour, until 5:00pm. I've had a lot of massages, and Lisa's style was particularly skillful and caring. She likes to make a little bit of small talk while working, which I didn't mind. She also used this new pressurized heating thing on my back, I can't remember what it was called but it felt amazing. Overall, I would recommend her to anyone looking for a quality, inexpensive, non-hotel massage.
5	I had a wonderful couples massage here with my husband in our annivesary. I would recomend them to anyone. They were professional, kind, and very reasonably priced. Not far off the strip and they even called us a cab after. The next time I come to vegas I will be calling them again.
5	Well how can I start, I have known Lisa since 1980 - went to visit her in Hawaii, she is the BEST, BEST, BEST - CALL HER - she keeps up with all current certifications, she is professional, well mannered and the BEST!!!
2	Came from out of town, went on the yelp recommendations..... I got a couples massage with 15 minute foot scrub ( was really about 2 minutes) aroma therapy and scalp massage (which I never got) and add on of hot stones.... The room was not dark enough, and the massage was barely felt, the hot stones felt good but I could tell the therapist could care less ( thinking we were from out of town) my husband was really disappointed and he is an avid massage goer..... I would not go back.
