5	I'd never heard of this chain until it recently opened in Madison. I love it! It even smells new. :-)As someone who finally said "no more" to spending money at professional nail salons, I walked into ULTA needing manicure products, but not sure exactly what. The staff was very helpful in showing me the selections of nail care products and what pieces I would need to do a manicure myself. I've gone back again to shop more since I had a good first experience. I would recommend this store.
4	As a  member of the beauty industry and a firm believer in salon products, the mix ULTA offers did confuse me at first.  I have been here twice both times the staff was helpful and friendly.  I know my fair share of beauty information so when I say "help" I mean leading me to the brand I was looking for or having a conversation that compares a product I have use to one I'm thinking of trying.Although I am not exactly thrilled they offer "box color" - I do think providing affordable alternatives to higher end products is smart marketing.  But what matters to me is they offer the brands I like close to where I live so I can stop driving to the west side for my make-up needs.ULTA will be seeing a lot more of me.
4	As someone who resides on the East side of Madison, before Ulta opened, we didn't have any other cosmetic and beauty store in the area. I was forced to drive on the West side of town if I wanted to shop for new makeup. Thank goodness Ulta opened saving me some gas!Ulta offers so much variety of beauty supplies, it's almost overwhelming. They practically have every kind of beauty product from false eyelashes, to manicure sets to hair products that typically only professionals can purchase ( or sold in salons) like KeraCare, Chi, Biosilk, etc. Prices are typically reasonable as well. The staff is beyond friendly and are always willing to help you locate products. They also seem knowledgeable of the products they sell from my experience shopping there. I was so happy to learn that they sale my favorite mascara, "They're Real!" by Benefit in full size. The only size I've been able to get my hands on without ordering online were the half sizes. Let me just stop and say that this is by far the best mascara I've ever used and I've gone through at least 10 different brands. A nice perk they offer are free (amazing) samples every time you make a purchase of a certain dollar amount. It's been because of these free samples that I've been able to expand my cosmetic bag. You can also sign up for an Ulta Beauty Cards at no cost and start gaining points for your purchases. Ulta is a great place to shop for beauty products. They also have a salon so you can schedule to hair appointments. I've yet to try that out because I prefer my other stylist and to do my hair myself but at least it's offered. You'll fall in love with this store.
1	I got my hair cut sometime in July 2014 by the Manager and she did a horrible job at it. I asked for layers and came home to chopped off, uneven, and most disturbing haircut in my life. I will never go there again. Please go elsewhere for hair cuts. Horrible service and haircuts. Come to think she would know better but she obviously doesn't know what she was doing. Conversation were awkward too! Ruin my life with this horrible haircut!!! Very upset!
1	When I saw that Ulta was opening, I was ecstatic.  I have shopped there numerous times since opening and only once have I had a good experience with an associate who seemed genuine in helping my needs.  There are a TON of different products to choose from, both high end products and more budget friendly ones.  It could be the one-stop beauty shop for most.  They have a reward program that their computer system tracks, and I often get emails/mailings with coupons and deals.Their customer service leaves me feeling angry and frustrated as I walk out the door.  Working in retail management for years, maybe I'm expecting too much at stores, but rarely do I even get acknowledged when I walk in, let alone when I'm wandering the aisles.  I've even had associates look at me and leave the area without seeing if I need help - which half the time, I do.  I am not the type of shopper to really seek out customer assistance if I can't figure it out on my own, and I especially won't if I feel unwelcome.  I will however, spend money, a lot of money, on beauty products that I believe in.  I don't know how many sales they have lost due to poor customer service, or lack thereof.  When I have been assisted, the knowledge wasn't there or the helpfulness wasn't true.  I really want to like Ulta, and have given many chances.  But I would rather, and now will continue, travel to the other side of town for my beauty needs.
4	Visited on 10/28/14 at around 3:30pm.+ Very bright, clean, and "new" feeling. + Reasonably priced items (I think; I only compared them to Sephora's stuff as I don't regularly buy make-up and cosmetic tools)+ Big selection of items+ Plenty of items to test/sample/try- A bit difficult to find certain items like sponges and applicators- Staff wasn't readily available to assist when I was "lost"+ Check-out was fast and easy; person who I checked-out with was very friendly and helpful once I got to the check-out areaI probably don't have much need to return here, but if I'm ever in need of cosmetic supplies for a costume or event, I won't hesitate to visit Ulta again. I just wish they had some additional folks available to assist people like me who were wandering the aisles searching for specific items.
