4	We decided to have something different last night and tried the Tropical Smoothie Cafe in Village Square at Peccole Ranch.  We got a pamphlet in our door a week or so ago, and the menu looked interesting.I had the Jamaican Jerk Chicken wrap and my wife had the King Caesar wrap.  I had a Hawaiian Breeze Smoothie with my meal.  The wraps were very tasty and the price was good.  They have a special of two wraps for $9.99.  This made a quick take out stop for an early dinner I had to have before meeting s friend near the Strip. I'll return.  There are other things on the menu that need trying and this is a good alternative for fast food.
1	Bad service. I asked the lady if they still stamp cards for buying smoothies and says yes. I handed her my card and she throws it back to me. Not hand back she threw it back!!!!!!!!!!
1	I wasn't that impressed.  Maybe I'm too much of a California Jamba Juice girl, who knows, but when I got my smoothie I didn't think much of it.  The staff was helpful and the food choices looked great but it wasn't enough to make me want to order anything.  Plus I felt it was overpiced.
4	I have always enjoyed my Tropical Smoothie, but check this out; I had no clue that you could get them to mix practically anything...Peanut Butter + Banana + Coffee = New Magic!Also, the Early Bird breakfast wrap is my GO TO for food. Everything they serve is yummy.This particular location is family friendly and welcomes a great deal of natural light.Don't forget your punch card!! (On this trip, I did... sad mikey)
3	I decided to stop here for lunch on national flip flop day and grab a free smoothie and a bite to eat. I drive by this place fairly often and have never gone in. The promotion was for a good cause (I forget the charity), but it's a tax write off for the company and a smart way to attract new customers like me. My pita was pretty good and only $4.50. The free strawberry something smoothie wasn't bad either. It wasn't as flavorful as jambalaya juice, bit I don't normally have strawberry smoothies so I can't compare it to anything. Since I drafted this last year, a Jamba Juice opened down the street and I'll likely never return. I like Jamba better
4	This location on W Sahara is my favorite.  I started stopping in between school and work, usually Wednesday mornings.  The staff is consistent- polite, smiling, sociable.  And they get my order to me in just the right amount of time so that I'm not late to work!  Fresh fruit smoothies are always a welcome addition to my day- the sunny day smoothie, with blueberry instead of kiwi (stupid allergy)- always tasty!
5	I love my peanut butter blast. It's non fat frozen yogurt, peanut butter and banana and whey or soy protein. It's a simple drink and very yummy
2	I have gone to this location several times and never had any issue. However,  Last week I went and they only had ONE person working there. Their employee was charging and cooking everyone's meals by himself.  so It took me 35 min just to get a smoothie.  the place was not that busy, but even then one person couldn't handle all of the orders. I was very dissapointed on their management style as they were so understuffedtheir smoothies are ok, they also offer healthier options. on their good things is that  if you sign up for  e-mails offers you will get a free smoothie on your b-day and several discounts almost every month.
1	the one star is because I like the taste of the smoothie. The service is BEYOND TERRIBLE! every single time I went here the workers never greeted me or they rolled their eyes. Im sorry I am coming in to spend my money for you to do YOUR JOB! I quit coming to the restaurant after several bad experiences. save your money and go to Jamba juice down the street. I filed several complaints with the owner. She gave me a gift certificate and apologized. Just fire the kids who dont want to work!
4	Matt the cool dude is making my island green smoothie kale spinach carrots mango banana pineapple no sugar added w a shot of flax seed. This is a post massage pick me up if I ever had one but I'm really bummed they don't have wheat grass at this location.Village Square location add wheat grass...for Christ sakes your corporate advertising states u do yet this location doesn't. Fix this!
2	Smoothies and food are yummy for sure but service doesn't know how to listen. I ordered the king Caesar wrap with no tomatoes because I'm allergic, with dressing on the side because they put way too much in the wrap and what do I get? Everything that I asked modifications on. What a waste of $7!!!!!  They don't accommodate people who ask for specific things. never going to this location again. Or maybe this specific person just doesn't know how to listen.
1	Super super super slow service.  Don't go here if you have a limited time for a lunch break from work.
1	Service is slow and horrible. The kids that work there don't know the menu and have bad attitudes. It wouldn't have been so bad if my drink actually taste good.
1	I live in the Peccole Ranch area and WAS frequenting this location. However, within the last month or so the service has gone completely downhill.   It started with nobody manning the front of the store. So I will walk in and can SEE the employees in the back talking while I wait several minutes just to have someone finally greet me.    Last week I was in a hurry on my way to work and ordered a chicken pesto wrap with their substitute chicken to go. When I got to work and bit into my sandwich I realized it was actual chicken and it made me sick. I couldn't return it as I was already at work.   I never get as much as a smile from the employees, they're rude and always act as if I'm troubling them with my business.   I was ordering there quite often before and using their rewards card. (You get it stamped so many times and they give you a free smoothie). I misplaced one and was told that I could start a new one and if I found the old one I could combine the stamps and still get my smoothie.  Well, I found the old one and took them both in to redeem my smoothie since I had the required number of stamps. The girl behind the counter rolled her eyes and said "I don't even know if we can take it like this." Another girl came over with the same attitude and said "it's fine.. Just take it".   While I received my free smoothie I also received the worst possible service.    I will not be going back there ever again. I'll just take my business elsewhere.
2	I've been to a few tropical smoothie locations and this one is by far the slowest when it comes to service. On my second visit here after stopping by at bachi burger, we waited well over 15 minutes just to order our drinks. The lady working was nowhere to be seen and was taking her time. We were literally standing up at the register for the whole 15 minutes. This was on a Saturday a little after noon. There were at least 7 people behind us waiting to order, 3 of whom left from waiting. It took us another 10 minutes to get our drinks. In total 25 minutes wasted, and we were at the front of the line the entire time. Next time, I'll just stop elsewhere for a drink if I am in this area....
1	I love tropical smoothie however this specific location has terrible service!  I waited almost 30 min for 1 smoothie. There was 1 employee behind the counter and a manage who was walking around doing counts. Why on earth he wasn't helping the very long line  be served is beyond me... I won't be back
1	I visited the 9800 block west sahara location in Las Vegas and received the absolute worst counter service I have ever received from a girl named Ashley. She was in the process of counting the money in the register at 150 pm when there were 2 customers waiting to order. First she counted the bills and then to the coins. When she got to the pennies and 10 minutes of waiting in I asked if I could order and she said no. I then put in my order direct to the guy behind the blender counter. By the time my drink was ready she was still counting change. When she finished, she went to the back and then left. Still haven't paid. Then guy who made smoothie goes to the register and starts to count the money again. I thought I was on the twilight zone. Finally after almost 15 minutes I got to pay. I love TSC but this experience was absurd.
1	This tropical smoothie is seriously RATCHET I'm on this side of town and the only reason why I am visiting this location. I'm here for the brand and know what I'm getting... I was here last month and the same thing... The wait is absolutely unbelievable! For example, I walked into this store at 1145, and yes I am STILL waiting for my smoothie! Hence the reason I decided to write this review! There are only 2 people working (with no sense of urgency). I have already witnessed 4 people walk out who have been waiting in line. In fact, when I was here last month, the same situation! My wait in line was over 10 minutes without my order being taken, so I was one of those customers that walked out of line...wait, one more just left the line... Ok, it's 12:13 and I just received my smoothie... This location got one star from me only because the cashier was very pleasant and calm,aunt a little too calm... Wtf?!?
1	Waited 15 min before order was taken. The employee was nice but she can't do it all!!!Get her some help.I went across the street to Jamba Juice. The  service will cost this company.
2	I HATE this place!!! I come only because it's close to where I live & the food & smoothies are healthy & tasty, BUT this particular location is SO SLOW!!! I've been to several others & NONE are this BAD!!! I'm talking 20-30 min waits constantly... It gets 2 stars instead of 1 only because they keep the food & smoothies as good quality as other locations...
3	This place is awesome. I live litterally 2 mins away and it's super convenient, but they always seem to be understaffed. It takes me at least 20 mins to get a smoothie. The food and the smoothies are great but they just don't have enough staff to keep up with the people flow when needed.
5	Great customer service. Great location. Fresh food and delicious smoothies! This place is a no-brainer for me!
2	The two guys that work here are awesome! They know what customer service means. Laughing joking parking every visit personable...The reason this place is getting two stars is the girl CHANDRA HAS A F'n attitude and seems miserable. I asked her for a small request and she looked at me like she didn't speak english. Then I watched a young girl ask if there was a certain ingredient in a smoothie and she had a smart response and rolled her eyes like it was a problem the young girl asked. This girl needs to get fired .. Seriously!
5	Phone ordered wraps to go, nice customer service from Alma! Jerk Wrap was yummy
4	My smoothies are always yummy, my favorite is the Peanut Paradise, it's literally heaven after a workout and gets rid of my unhealthy treat craving. Usually understaffed though, those girls got to be stressed.
1	Wow. You guys are so disappointing. WENT HERE FOR 5 YEARS BEFORE and now the quality of both the drinks/food AND the staff/managers have been destroyed. The employees were so rude to me on so many occasions that after about the 4th time, I called them out in front of the customers stating that I have been a customer for 5 years and they have no reason to be rude to me. DO NOT COME HERE. This place has fallen to shit.
