5	So here's what I know about Serendipity.I've never been there and will probably never get my hair cut there. But what I do know is Serendipity did an incredible job with my wife's hair. I love my wife and she's beautiful..but the way her hair looked made me fall in love all over again.Nicely done Serendipity.Update: Success! Mrs. G tells me Melissa is guilty of that new do. As I said before, well done.
5	Melissa is absolutely amazing!  She has created a sophisticated environment at Serendipity Salon Studio with an elegant and intimate appeal.  I feel so relaxed and the one-on-one attention is something you won't find at other salons.  Melissa is amazing at really listening and ensuring she knows what you want.  She makes sure that she takes her time and you never feel rushed, only pampered.  I have had cuts, colors, glosses, keratin treatments, and the compliments on my fresh styles just keep on coming.  The best part is her cheery smile and contagious positivity. I have found my salon and stylist for life!!!!  Thank you Mel!
5	There are a lot of people out there that can cut your hair and make it look decent, especially if you're a guy.  I have Melissa cut my hair because she is extremely friendly, honest,  fun, professional and gives one hell of a scalp massage.  And I think she is very reasonably priced (although I hope she doesn't read this and raise her prices...they are good where they are).  We always strike up a good conversation and this makes the time go quickly.  I'd get my hair cut here every day if I had nothing else to do.  100% recommend!
5	I just had the best experience with Melissa! She was so sweet and made me feel so comfortable. I know I am in good hands with her. She really pays attention to what you want! She styled my hair so beautifully when she was done with my cut and color. It looked so amazing that even my husband couldn't stop complementing me on how great he thought my hair looked. He said it was the best hair cut and color he thinks I've ever had which is incredible. Thank again so much Melissa for such great job and making me love my hair again!
5	I'm usually pretty nervous when it comes to my hair, I don't think big changes and Melissa understands that completely.  I trust no one else with my hair now.  Even when I moved away, I would make sure to schedule with her when I would be in town.  She does such a great job with her cuts and colors and truly knows what she is doing.  Her greatest talent though is her up dos!  I wouldn't have wanted anyone else to do my hair for my wedding.  I might have gotten as many compliments on my hair as I did on my dress, she did such an awesome job.  Besides being a great hair stylist she is also such a great person, easy to talk to and always has a big smile on her face.  Go see her, you wont regret it!
5	Melissa did my hair for my wedding and she did a beautiful and flawless job! I have been having her do my hair ever since, over 2 years. I would recommend her to anyone!
5	Melissa has cut and styled my hair short and long and she gets it right every time! She always does a great job listening to what I want and asking those important clarifying questions. Then ta-da! Beautiful and effortless hair! She always gives me advice on the maintenance and how to style the new do at home too. I have never been disappointed! I no longer live in Arizona and I can't find a stylist I like as much as her. So if try to schedule a cut or trim when I'm in town- she's always accommodating.Clean, professional, friendly, and quality work at a great price. Would highly recommend!
5	Melissa takes every customer into perfect consideration when choosing to make a style.  she gets to  know each customer and does the perfect style for them. She is the best.She really can address any hair issue with class and understanding. Her portfolio is amazing.
5	I have known Melissa for a long time and everything she does, she does 110%. I have always struggled with the right color for my graying hair, the right cut for my face and why I can never style my hair the way a salon does... Melissa was the perfect answer to my hair woes. She is thorough and takes the time to get to know you, your lifestyle, your needs. She uses and sells only the best quality products and she is always giving tips on how to blow dry, style and set your hair AFTER you leave the salon. She is professional yet fun and dedicated to learning and staying current in the hair/style/beauty industry. I recommend Melissa WHOLEHEARTEDLY... I just wish I lived a little bit closer (I drive from Tucson to visit Melissa, that's how much I love her)!
1	Called to make an appointment, left a message on her answering macine and then waited 3 days for a callback I finally emailed her on the 4th day and she responded promptly....we agreed on a date 10 days later because of her so-called busy schedule. On the day of the appointment I travelled the 20 miles to her salon for my 10:00 a.m. Booking only to find the door locked and the suite dark . I waited 20 minutes and then left. I never heard from her as to what happened. I GUESS SHE IS JUST TOO BUSY TO TAKE ON ANY NEW CLIENTS. Total waste of time..good reviews do not matter if you don't show up for your clients.
5	I must say, I've tried a lot of stylists in my time, and Melissa is fabulous. My haircut is perfect and my highlights look great. I got home after my appointment and noticed a little spot of color that bothered me and Melissa went above and beyond to fix it. She fit me into her schedule and reminded me to always let her know if there is an issue because she guarantees her work. Melissa listened to what I wanted, didn't chop my hair awkwardly or make it some obscure color. It turned out great and I will definitely be returning. I also like that she has her own little space and you don't have to deal with the huge salon environment. Very reasonable prices, too!
1	Hands down, one of the top 3 worst haircuts I have ever gotten.  Atmosphere isn't warm or inviting, and I wish I had experienced the no show that the other reviewer had.  Whenever I straighten my hair, tears well up at the hack job I got.  Will never, ever go back. If I could post negative stars, I would.
