5	After going to several places in Chandler (Including crappy Nationwide), I finally got exceptional customer service. The young dark haired girl in the front even let me show her the 4 I liked and help me pick out the right ones for my face! Don't go anywhere else in Chandler.....this place ended my frustration streak with finding glasses. So glad they take took my insurance as well!! :-) Only $38 out of my pocket total! I'm so relieved, I need these for work so bad!
1	I would prefer to not even give them a star my experience was so bad. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE out there, but worse than that they overbilled my insurance, got my prescription wrong two times, and took 6 months to order contacts for me. Worst experience with eye doctors. The doctor is very old fashioned and his equipment is as well. I had to contact my insurance several times because of their bills to my insurance company. I had an appointment in December for just an exam and they billed my insurance for that year for contacts that I never purchased. The proceeded to bill my insurance after that for each time I had to come back to the doctors upon the doctors inability to get my prescription right the first time. the front desk is terrible. Angie doesn't know how to use a computer and writes all the appointments/prescriptions by hand and someone else enters the information in later.   Explains why several of my appointments were overlooked and had to be rebooked. Audra the office manager will never return a phone call and gives you false information regarding prices and insurance. If you are going to go here, you want to make sure that you are prepared to deal with a poor staff, a lazy outdated doctor, and expect a mess with your insurance. BOTTOM LINE DON'T GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I have been coming here over five years. Dr gives a very complete exam , staff is very friendly. Glasses are made locally and come with a 12 month guarantee against scratching . Frames are higher quality than the ones advertised and sold cheaply by the national chains, if you are looking for a complete competent exam and quality eye ware I would recommend Dr K,
1	I was a customer for years and even referred my husband and others to their office.  Staff has become difficult to work with, and you can't complain because it is all nepotism there - all related.  They try to rip you off however they can.  I suggest if you go there, get a written quote in advance otherwise they will charge you more later. For example, I paid my $20 VSP copayment for an exam.  Then Andrea, the doctor's wife, leaves me a message saying I owe additional, on top to other costs for the exam. At first it sounds reasonable, $20 more for the doctor measuring me for contacts. Then she changes the price for the contact portion of the exam to $89. That is $109 for the exams done in the same visit.  She tries to appease me by saying it could be more if I had astigmatism or needed bifocals, thank goodness my rx it's basic. FYI, Costco charges about $80 for both prior to insurance.  If you go here I highly suggest you get a written quote and have lots of patience. The doctor takes about an hour for an exam but at least he's nice.  His family working the front desk tend to be disorganized and hungry for your money. It used to not be this way. I will no longer go there and sadly have no choice but to change because this is ridiculous and they are not transparent in their pricing.  Hope this helps.
