3	Princess is great if you're in the area and are looking for a quick, really cheap middle-eastern bite. It's a small grocery store with a small counter in the back where you can order snacks, pita sandwiches and cheese and olives. It's also a great place to go for spices, teas and other middle eastern cooking supplies.I come for the Al-Wazah tea, which my Saudi friend always used to make. Also, for lunch (it's not too far from my work) I like getting a mix of grape leaves, falafel and hummus. Their hummus is OK but the baba ganoush is actually pretty good. They have a lunch buffet, too, but I haven't been adventurous enough to try it, especially since I'm a vegetarian and most of the food seems meaty... The place is also stocked with hookahs and other things, like calling cards and Quran-alarm clocks.
4	I like the idea of all-you-can-eat hummus so much, that Princess earned almost all its stars for that. The lunch buffet consists of this, about Pita Jungle quality-hummus, which most seem to dig unquestioningly, plus a bunch of meat, a delicious chopped salad and rice and soup. I was a vegan at the time I visited, and had no problem stuffing my face with loads of hummus and rice on naan, with a bit of Sriracha hot sauce and loads of the pre-dressed salad. I think the meat is usually lamb (perhaps chicken, as well). Both times I've gone, my companions have been disappointed in this meat. One said it was too dry, the other that it lacked the proper seasoning (my dad's big on seasonings). I'd believe it, but I'd still go back.
4	This is an interesting little Mediterranean restaurants / market. The decor is very simple. The market takes up about 2/3rds of the space the remainder for the restaurant. It is rarely very busy so getting a table at lunch is easy. I used to get the Chicken Shawarma but since the buffet was put in I just stick with that. All the meats are halal if that is important to you. The lunch buffet on Friday and Saturdays is a must, the chicken has some kind of spice that just rocks. I always eat way to much of the chicken. Everyone I have brought here just raves about it.  The buffet is simple with hummus, chopped salad, lamb (I don't eat lamb), chicken, rice, and a couple of other dishes that get rotated. They will also bring hot pita bread upon request. The only down comment is that the service is kind of slow with drink refills. On numerous occasions I have had to get up and go to the counter to get a refill of water. No fresh brewed iced tea, booo! There is always one guy (the same guy) waiting tables. The food makes up for this.
5	Princess here is what the name suggests, & then over on the right side is a restaurant area with a few booths and tables.  I'm not a fan of TVs in a restaurant, but the large-screen one on the wall here had PBS tuned into a nature show, not blaring loud, & seemed to actually ADD something to the whole scene.Now you can buy food at the deli counter & eat it here, or there's a regular menu & table service if you like... but if you come at the right time on a Friday or Saturday, they have a special treat for you...A BUFFET!!  :-))   :-))The buffet makes a complete appearance by about 1 PM on Fridays & Saturdays only, mostly within about 12 unmarked trays in homely serving tables which match the homely restaurant.  The only furnishing in the whole place that's "nice" is the TV, but wait 'til you taste the food!When you settle in here, a friendly server brings you your water or soft drink, & some nice warm pita bread.  The serving area was not quite ready to go yet when I arrived, & I was also offered a lamb shank to hold me over, which I accepted, & it showed up soon.  MMMMMM!  This place was approaching 5-Stars before they even had all the food out!Today there was also split-pea (?) soup, pre-tossed salad, several other cold treats, rigatoni with meaty marinara sauce, amazingly good flame-broiled chicken breasts, & a bunch of other things that I can't name, but everything was just TERRIFIC, & the service was just right, too.Lunch Buffet:  $9.99 including drink.  This place is something special!
4	This is not a "cute" and eclectic grocery store the trendy crowd will venture to. It's a very unassuming nuts and bolts Middle Eastern grocery store. This is certainly not a date place. This place is simply for those who want the best falafel in the city. I've been searching all over the valley for an authentic falafel with the green batter. There were two people who ran the store and they barely spoke a word. Despite being quiet, they were polite and friendly. There was plenty of room to sit with many tables. I would not recommend this place for those who are not familiar with Middle Eastern cuisine as this is not really a "date" place. However, if you are someone like me and are sick of the faux Middle Eastern/Greek clones and desire the real thing that you would find in a place like Michigan or New York, go here!
5	Falafel.  Often mispronounced, misunderstood and mocked.  Why is it so hard to find good falafel in these parts?  Who knows?  We are after all, living in a desert.  Princess Market knows how to do falafel just right.  Not too dark.  Inside still moist.  Perfect balance of seasoning.  Dollop of hummus, lettuce, tomato. And don't get me started on those special little pickles.  I didn't even know until a couple of years ago that they were supposed to even be there!  Lovely.  So run, do not walk, to Princess Market for all the middle eastern treats you crave.  Whether it's stocked on their shelves or served up in the cafe, you will not be disappointed.  And by all means, don't forget your smoked herring from good old Brooklyn, NY.  Bonus!
5	This is a hole-in-the-wall type restaurant. Its part of a market/grocery store as everyone else has already noted. Its a little hidden, and I think that hurts this place a little bit.Anyways, the food is VERY good. The chicken shawarma is probably some of the best I have ever had. Hummus, yellow rice, and couscous also go very well with the food. There is the garlic-butter sauce that comes with the shawarma and kabobs, and that REALLY makes the food that much better. Gyro plate is also very commendable, but its hard to get this wrong since the gyro comes on a huge slab and rotates on a rotisserie. Yet, a lot of places do get the gyro plate wrong. I think this place does a good job of heating up the gyro meat on the rotisserie and then the grill.Baklava also deserves a mention. Its damn good. You can get some exotic mediterranean stuff like olives and feta cheese by the pound, i love that stuff.The pricing of this place along with the good quality food makes this place a hidden gem. Its like $8 for almost any plate you'd want. Its plenty of food per plate, and for under $20 for 2 people, its worth a visit. Its very easy to compare this stuff to haji baba, its a tough pick. However, I think the hummus here tastes much better, it doesn't taste like its straight out of a can. The plates here I think are a better deal. If you just want a gyro sandwich, then go to haji baba.
5	Great Tasting Gyro! And nice family owned place. They have a great kitchen with a nice simple menu. Try there Bbq chicken too. Great food for catering a party, which I have done multiple times. I also love the variety of sweets that are offered. simply a great place to try out, u always have a chance to post ur own reviews, so why not try it out urself.
4	The buffet was really delicious, lots of different tasty meats.  The guava juice and baklava were also delicious.  A good meal at a good price.For the buffet, make sure you get there early since it gets busy quick!
5	When I was attending the Conservatory of Recording Arts at the Tempe campus I would often run next door to Princess during a break to grab a sandwich. These people rock. Super friendly staff, great food, reasonable prices. Highly recommended!! The chicken kabob sandwich is my personal favorite.
3	I had chicken shawarma I got sick to my stomach when I came back to work ( it was a lunch break with a folk). I'm not sure if it's their food? Or maybe this happens when you try a different cuisine for the first time. But I'm coming back I just dont like the atmosphere inside.
3	I read one of the reviews below, and I would have to agree with the getting sick to the stomach part. It was not fun, thus, the 3 stars. But then again maybe it has something to do with trying out a different cuisine? Me and my buddy at work would come here at least once a week for lunch for the past couple of months now and I got sick to my stomach maybe twice or three times....But because the food is good, I blame that to being adventurous on foods....Anyway, I had chicken shawarma sandwich it was only $3.99 and I would say a really great value. To me it's better than the beef shawarma. It always tastes goooood. I often have it with garlic paste. Leaves your mouth pungent tasting and dry but  just chew gum when you go back to work or eat fruits.
5	I dig this place.  I have been here SO many times for falafel.  The employees are really friendly (sometimes flirty lol) and the food is so filling!  Great prices and great food.  They even sell henna here!  They regularly cater meetings/events at my school.  This was actually the first restaurant I frequented in the Tempe area.  Their yellow rice, hummus and guava juice are mmm mmm good!
2	I feel that the reviews on here are overrated. "Best falafel in town" my *ss! First, let's talk food. I'm not new to Mediterranean food. However, this was my first attempt at eating falafel. Here it's horrible. Tasteless even with the sauce. Burnt on the edges. I have since had falafel elsewhere convinced it was good because I understand the Greeks and Hebrews eat it like popcorn and I have found places with great falafel, just not here as the other rave reviews would suggest. BUT they have great Adas soup. It was really spicy in a good way and nice and creamy. So I can't explain the falafel failure. Overpriced for what you get. I had to eat off my husband's plate to get full. They do bring OK pita bread out to you. As far as atmosphere goes, it's lacking a bit. This place is (as somebody wrote) 2/3 market, 1/3 restaurant. They have a sign in the window that says "Allah" and "Mohammed", which I don't think is a good idea. There is definitely NOT outdoor seating as the stats indicate. The tables are the cheap fold-up kind and so are the chairs. The tables are chipped. The waiters serve in a timely manner but don't smile like they would at a chain. They do have a big screen TV that was playing a soccer game but at least the volume was low. I can't recommend this place for a date or for families. It's just mediocre.
4	How did I not know this place was here?  It reminded me quite a bit of Haji Baba's and I still prefer Haji Baba's.  However, the service was wonderful and the food was good.  My kids ordered a second plate of stuffed grape leaves they liked them so much!
5	This review is, of course, for Princess Mediterranean Market & Deli's BUFFET!     :-))Shame on me for not having been back to this great place for over two years!  Anyhow, today I started with a bowl of Lentil Soup, a very tender, very delicious lamb shank, & then went on to everything else.  Now they don't label the food here, & it does vary from week to week, so just come & take some of everything & totally enjoy it!  Some of the items I DID recognize were flat bread, great Hummus to put on it, super good flame broiled chicken, & salad.  Whatever the rest of it was, it was all just terrific, & raises this unassuming place right up close to the top compared to every Buffet in the Valley!This lunch is currently presented for your amazement & delight on Fridays only, from 12 Noon.  The dining room has booths & tables, seats around 50, the staff is very friendly, they keep Halal, it's $9.99, & YOU WANT THIS!!     :-))
4	Buffet only on Friday!! And today is Wednesday :*(I went based on other yelp reviews, and it was pretty good.Not gourmet or anything, and it is a grocery store, but I tend to like this sort of thing and feel more at home, like you're at someone's house at the table in the kitchen.I got the gyro plate with a few salads on the side.  It's reasonably priced and they serve it with warm pita bread.Next time I will ask for more salads and less meat (just my personal preference), but everything was tasty. And the tsatziki sauce was yum yum yum.I'll come back on Friday and check out the buffet.  (Only 12-4!)
4	The food was great. The hummus was so smooth and creamy and along with the chicken was some of the best mid-eastern food I've had in a long time. Plus, we were able to get a coupon on Groupon which gave us $6 worth of food (that's two gyro sandwiches) for the price of $3! I don't care what else you have to say about the restaurant, you can't find even mediocre food for $3 anywhere! As far as looks of the restaurant are concerned, it is very clean. It's very casual and they didn't focus too much on the decor because, yes, it is a supermarket first and foremost. If that is too much of a problem for you, I suggest take out. All I know is, it's good, clean, and worth the trip out there.
5	Love the princess market! The food is good in the restaurant but I mostly go for the market. Very cheap food! Their prices are amazing and they sell halal meat.
5	= = = = = =  FRIDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =It's going on a year since I did an Update for this one, so I just wanted to say that yes, they still have the Friday Lunch Buffet, & yes IT'S STILL TERRIFIC!  Robyn N. joined me here today & I started with a bowl of Lentil Soup & some pita bread with hummus.  Before long, Princess Supercute with her tight little, uh, headscarf brought us each a lamb shank...  very tasty, tender & delicious...  the lamb shank, that is!     :-)Ok, so soon it was on to Mediterranian style salad, other cold treats including an eggplant dish, & then over to the hot dishes of beef, chicken & lamb (maybe) meatballs.  It's their tradition here to NOT label the food trays, but never mind that because it's all really, really good, & several of the items that were out today will be different when you come anyway.They DO offer a regular menu here, but come for this great Buffet, served Fridays only from noon, if you can.  The simple dining room area has booths & tables, seats around 50, & is completely comfortable.  The staff is very friendly, they keep Halal, & it's $9.99.THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE BUFFETS IN THE VALLEY!     :-))
5	This is the spot! It's become difficult to drive down the 101 without stopping off for a quick gyro and hummus to go! Everything tastes so fresh and is made with the kind of authentic home-cooked middle eastern taste that I've learned to expect. The "main guy" running the shop isn't much of a talker but his honesty is refreshing. And as long as the food keeps tasting amazing at the price remains so reasonable, I'm a patron for life. OOooo and don't forget to try the freshly made baklava! I took a tray into my office last week because I was so excited to share my newfound discovery.
5	Best Middle Eastern take-out around.  Great quality, fast and affordable. We've not tasted any hummus or baba ganouj better than theirs in the East Valley. Abdul and his staff are very friendly.  We've been getting their take-out for so long, my teenagers think that gyros are called "Princess Pitas."  We've not had a chance to eat in but we see neighbors and friends enjoying the restaurant occasionally.  There's a nice little market, too.
5	I tried the Friday buffet here with fellow yelpers Rand, Mike, and Robyn. There are just a little over a dozen items but all were really good, and the grilled chicken deserves special mention - it was fantastic, like no other grilled chicken I've tried anywhere else. The other items were mostly standard dishes found in other Mediterranean restaurants, but prepared very well here. Also, each person who partakes of the buffet is served a tender, very nicely seasoned lamb shank - that alone would already justify the price of the whole buffet!  In all it was a really delicious meal, and a really great deal at 10 bucks.
5	I came here first as a business venture to repair a computer, and was invited back to try the food by the owner's brother. I am SO glad I came back. The Gyro sandwich was the best one I've ever had; it was delicious, and not greasy, nor was it dry. It was just perfect. And the hummus, which is home made, was fantastic. Beats the pants off what I got for twice the cost at Pita Jungle. The baklava? The walnut was good, but the pistachio was divine! The prices here are amazing, and the service is excellent. Sadi, the gentleman that invited me back, is a great representation of what excellent customer service is about. He's made me feel like more than just a customer; he made me feel like family here. The store is undergoing some changes (it's been here for over 10 years!) but Sadi is marketing the business out and the food will speak for itself.They have a Gyro Combo: Gyro, fries, and a fountain drink for $4.95. Come give it a try, get some shisha for your hookah (they're also a middle eastern grocery store), and bring a friend! It's worth it!
5	I'm a bit of  a Princess when it comes to food...you know...I don't do the greasy man-cave type stuff; fatty meats, etc. So, the first thing that stood out to me here was the Gyro Meat. It's lean, flavorful, and has a nice texture- unlike other places I've dined, even in Scottsdale. They're generous with the Kalamata Olives :) The grilled chicken is amazing...as well as the Shawarma, both beef and chicken. You will have to just let your taste buds experience them. Finally, the Baklava....!!!!Drumroll please!Not only do they offer this wonderful treat - but they actually have 3, yes 3 kinds of it! One is even a Lady Finger Style, they are all delish. To top it all, the service is very warm and friendly. Come check them out and bring a friend or two, amazing specials each week.
1	We came here around 7:15p tonih we walked in and read the sign that said to seat yourself and we did. The man behind the to go order counter area clearly saw us walk in... we waited,  and waited. For about ten minutes we waited for something... anything,  we got nothing... completely ignored. We left, I wonder if the people who went in as we were leaving got the same treatment?
5	Ordered the #2chicken shwarma plate and the #9kofta plate to go.Shwarma: perfectly seasoned chicken and rice with garlic sauce, hummus, salad and pita $8.00. Great price and tasted so good.Kofta: meat was cooked to perfection, moist not dry, seasoned nicely. Came with rice, hummus and pita, substituted arab salad for the garden salad. $8.00. They have great prices, you can eat in the market or take it home.Gyro, fries and soda special for $5.99 and a buffet on Fridays for $9.99.Yay Amera (Princess)!Ramadan Kareem!
5	MMM MMM MMM Thats what i feel about this place. I mean COME ON this is one of the best Arab Food restaurants i think in the WHOLE USA. I know that might be going a bit over board but of all the restaurants i have been to this is the best. I love the Kabob Combo and gyros from there but the best part of the experience is the customer service. Owner is a really nice man and i think his whole family helps out with the shop. :)
4	What a hidden little surprise this is! I can't believe it's been here for 9 years! Thank you yelp for discoveries like this! This is a very nice Mediterranean little market, they even sell huge bottles of avocado oil for $10! The cheapest I could ever find before this has been $20, so I'm pretty excited about that! The deli is great!! The Gyro meat is thicker cut and not dry at all (and it didn't give me heartburn, woo hoo!) I brought a friend and she just loved her gyro wrap. The hummus is fresh, homemade tasting, served with a nice drizzle of olive oil on top.... Mmmm super good... Service is super friendly and helpful. I'm so glad to have found this little gem! I haven't tried the buffet yet, but I'm definitely looking forward to trying it out in the future.
5	Yes! Great food in Tempe! I was super impressed. The hummus is good and so was the gyro I had. Staff was friendly and food came quickly (we were REALLY hungry). I will definitely be begging my friends to take me here the next time I'm in Tempe.
5	What can I say...Love this place. The food is definitely the best mediterranean I've had in the valley. Chicken Shawarma and lamb shank are where it's at. The hummus is thick and delicious too. Go in not expecting much but awesome food at a very reasonable price.
4	service for us was very pleasant when she was there which was very little BUT the food is excellent baba ganouch  excellent hummus a little pasty falafal the best gyro perfect dolmathes  yummy as well
4	So my classmates family owns this place but by no means is this review biased...the food really is good! Just look at all the reviews!Stopped by here recently on my way to Ikea. My favorite items are the chicken shwarma, hummus, baba ganoush, gyros, and falafel and sambusas. I need to try their lamb stew next time, it looks amazing. Definitely check out the market itself, I always pick up some spices, tea, and pita, but they also have some cooking utensils and frozen foods. The only thing I wish they had was halal meat but no butcher shop here :/ The food is worth the trip from Glendale!
5	It's very good food ,, I love it and I will come back here every time I come to AZ .. Ppl work here very nice too
5	Almost easy to miss, in a strip mall right before the 101 freeway.  Dining area is clean, staff is very friendly. We ordered the princess combo which comes with chicken shawerma, beef shawerma, chicken and beef kabob, rice, hummus and salad. All the meat was very good, cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly. Hummus was excellent. We also tried the falafel which I loved, perfect recipe and cooked perfectly. There's a market inside so you can shop after you eat. All in all, it was a great lunch experience.
5	Forgot to mention the Prices are great & just had the baklava yummm to die for delicious !
5	I'm incredibly impressed by this deli. THE best Mediterranean food I've had in Tempe. The hummus was light, fluffy and scrumptious, and their beef, lamb and chicken platters are my go-to college dinners (and they're healthy!!) Do not hesitate to try their baklava, for it will be one one of the greatest decisions of your day! The staff is always happy to see me, and have a casual conversation. The store also has a wide variety of groceries to buy! Could spend a good hour or two browsing.
5	Best Mediterranean food in the area with great service. I have Celiacs and can eat here! Their Lentil soup and Greek salad is delicious. Their coffee is a heavenly treat. My favorite lunch place in the valley!
5	AMAZING hummus. Everything we ordered was great. The owner was there and gave us a free sample of Baba ghannouge and some baklava, which was the best I ever had, just because it was our first time there and he could tell we were enjoying our food and hoped we would give some good word of mouth about this place. To say the least I set up this yelp account to do just that.
5	Best food ever!! The falafel is the best in town, crispy outside and nice and moist inside. I also had the chicken shawarma entree, super yummy!! Everything is fresh, great customer service. It's family owned. You can't go wrong with this place at all, a must try!!
5	Best midetterianian foodGreat kababGreat hommusGreat serviceCons: it took long time
5	This place is fantastic, the food selection is awesome and the prices are very affordable.  The owners have consistently greeted us with open arms and a great dining experience.  The princess combo for two, was a steal, easily filling up 2 people. The market has a nice variety of international foods as well. Highly recommend.
5	Absolutely delicious food... the employees are SO friendly & welcoming... true, genuine mediterranean meals. The atmosphere is wonderful, as well. Service is consistently great. I would definitely recommend Princess to anyone!
5	This place is one of the best hidden gems in Arizona. It is very unassuming but the food is unbelievable. They have the best falafel I have eaten anywhere and their Arabic side salad is the best side on their menu. The kabobs and gyros are also delicious and the price is ridiculously low for what you get. Great family run place, don't let the exterior chase you away, you won't regret going in.
4	We stopped here after some business in Mesa.  We were looking for a snack, Yelped it, and boom.  Mediterranean it was.  Had falafel sandwiches which were AWESOME.  Fresh, crispy falafel (not warmed over) in homemade pita bread. Perfect size.  I eyed the buffet and other offerings.  It all looked and smelled great.  Awesome specialty grocery items.  Don't be intimidated or put off by the looks.  It's a DELI not a high dining experience.  And it is a great deli.  I will be back.
4	The food here is pretty amazing. The service, not so much, is very slow. I might not go here for lunch anymore unless it was take out. But the food alone keeps me a fan! Then you can stock up on whatever Mediterranean items you need in the attached market!
5	It's about time i got this review posted considering I have been eating lunch here at least once a week since I was told how close to work this was.The food here is really good and fresh. I am a huge fan of middle eastern cuisine and I was surprised they had one of my favorites, kafta, on the menu. The kofta here is great it gets a nice light char from the grill on the outside but is still juicy and tender on the inside. I love it. The fact that the platter is only $8 and comes with rice, hummus and salad is a deal I can't pass up.Those who know me know that I am picky on what hummus I enjoy since i have been making my own for almost 20 years. The hummus here is the rare exception to my normal rule that I don't like the super smooth and creamy hummus. I am not sure what exactly it is but I like it here.For lunch I usually get the tabouli instead of the salad as my second side. It's really fresh and has a nice bite to it. I usually mix it with some hummus and apply to pita bread as the flavors work well together.As for other things on the menu I have sampled most of their range of baklava thanks to the great yelp check in deal they had. I really liked the walnut but usually I will just look into the case and point at whatever looks good. That plan hasn't left me disappointed yet so I think I will stick with it. For entree's the chicken shwarma is my second favorite, the garlic sauce really makes this dish; the beef shawarma is pretty tasty but I have a hard time passing over the chicken for this one.The staff is friendly and I can't find a negative thing to say about this place. Check it out and you will be happy you did.
3	Iv been coming here on and off for a couple of years so that should tell you what kind of a restaurant it is, you wouldn't come out of your way to come here but if you happen to be closer by and are craving some Arabic/med/greek food then this place is pretty good. Portions are a bit on the small side, which is unusual for the kind of restaurant that it is. What pisses me off is that the don't have unlimited lamb shanks in their buffet anymore, which kinda defeats the purpose of a buffet. Now you can only get one per buffet, and it was the only thing that you could convince your brain to cough up 10 something bucks for the other things are ehh. You're better off ordering something from their menu, the things on there are actually good.
4	This place was pretty good not bad in price either. I purchased a gyro sandwich and it was pretty good. Good flavors, a bit dry on the meat and pita. I would come back for another. Staff: was nice Store: was interesting to check out a different culture of foods and shopping. Clean place.
5	My realtor introduced me to this place when I just moved to Arizona about nine years ago in search of a great Mediterranean place. I seriously can't get enough of the great food they make, I have to admit I eat here several times a week and every time I eat there I take some extra home for a midnight snack. The Princess Mediterranean Market & Deli what a great place for lunch or dinner.My mouth waters when I I think of menu, and time and time again I order the Chicken shawarma hummus and tabouleh (what a healthy value meal) The Princess also prepares also gyros, shawarma, sandwiches, the best lamb shank in town as well as sides like hummus and tabouleh, and desserts like baklava, and my favorite namura.
5	Amazing Mediterranean food in an understated building. Great hummus and pita and chicken shawarma. Definitely go here!
4	Excellent hummus. Great prices. Yummy!
5	Very good food and you can't beat the price. One of my favorite places to eat for lunch.
4	I have had their Gyro plate and sandwich, they are the best and very flavorful! I have only been here 5 time but every time I enjoy what I eat!
5	Everything I've eaten here has been amazing. It's the best mediterranean food I've had in the valley. Simple ingredients freshly prepared result in rich flavors. The chicken kabob is really good, especially with their garlic/potato sauce. I also ordered the vegetarian combo which is an assortment of the side dishes, nothing was disappointing. The service and prices are also hard to beat.  Dinner for two was under $25 and I left without room in my stomach for anything else.
5	Authentic family ran medi food.  This place is good and has great healthy options.  The hummus is fresh!
5	Place was awesome, amazing shawarma and they had this garlic sauce that was amazing. This place is also a grocery stores, those are usually the best.
5	We've been coming here for years and there is no other place to go for delicious Mediterranean food. I've tried just about every plate they have and they are all on point. When my wife and I come home from a long day of work on Friday nights it is fantastic to pick up some Princess, crack open a bottle of wine and watch a movie.The spices in the grocery are great too--picked up some sesame seeds tonight for a fifth of the price you would get at a grocery store.
5	If you like great food and great prices, you'll love this place.  It would be hard to recommend one dish because I've eaten here enough to sample just about everything on the menu and it's all good. Not sure what it is about the combination of foods, but I feel satisfied for hours after a combo plate with hummus, rice and tabouli.  Go - you won't be disappointed.
5	Excellent food and service. Very authentic cuisine. All homemade and fresh. Falafel amazing. Chicken kabobs delicious. Rice is gluten free!!!  Truly wonderful service. Will definitely come back!
5	This place was awesome in every way.  The food is very authentic and delicious.  I tried everything on the menu and I have no complaints.  If you like a superb middle eastern food then this is the place.  Make sure to try the Falafel, it is the best in Az.  Over all great experience and the staff is very friendly and I will be coming back soon!
5	Amazing! Best meats I've ever had! Definitely recommend this place, come at least 2-3 times per week.
5	Like many people who work or live in the western part of Mesa near the 101 I have driven by this place 2-4 times a day for the past 13 years.  I don't want to add up how many times that is but 2000 might be reasonable. I have to admit that the location is a bit weird, its a strange little mall tucked away from the street.  The sign has letters I don't understand.  I went there because one of my techs was called to work on one of their refrigerated cases and told me how nice it was.   I went in there and did not tell them anything about my guys working there.  They were so incredibly nice and helpful I could not believe it.  When I told them that is was my first time there they patiently explained everything on the menu to me and even brought me samples of some items I had not had before.  The shwarma is my favorite for the meats (both chicken and beef) but everything I have tried is fresh and flavorful.  Their kabobs use good quality meat that isn't too chewy.  I am a total hummus snob and make my own frequently.  Theirs is made fresh every day and tastes as good as my home made if not better.  In fact my wife bought some at Costco today and it was so bad in comparison that it made me remember I had to give these people a good review.   You can buy the same ingredients in the attached store and if you ask they will tell you which ones are best.   The have great pita bread in the freezer you can warm up and is better than any other pita bread around here.  Their prices in both the restaurant and deli are very reasonable for the quality of the food.Another reviewer mentioned wiping the tables with the same rag as they wiped the tables.  I have seen multiple restaurants do this and as long as the rag has proper disinfectant I do not see anything wrong with it. In fact -- think about it -- you almost always put your hands down on a booth when  you slide in, then you eat with them!  I am GLAD they wipe down the booths with disinfectant.    I like this place because it is clean, you can see back into the kitchen and see how they keep it.  I don't think giving such a low rating for what seems to be a standard practice is very fair. Yes, the different tiles in the dining room a a bit weird, but it is only like 1/4" difference.  The location is a little different as is the layout.  In the first of this review I mentioned I had driven buy it literally thousands of times over the last 13 years. It seemed a little odd and I missed out all that time by not exploring it.  If you don't like exploring a little different cultures go to McDonald's.  These are hard working people who make the best food they know how, make it fresh and are incredibly nice.  They have some very beautiful women working there who are also very nice and helpful.  The whole place is maybe a little different than we are used to in Mesa but if you want interesting and flavorful experience stop there and give them a try.
4	Went in for the Princess Platter with my wife and very much enjoyed the meal.  Service was good, we would certainly return
5	This is one of the best Mediterranean restaurants I have eaten in.  The waiter staff was very friendly and helpful in explaining menu items and ingredients. The restaurant part is attached to a small market - everything was clean and neat.  The food was extremely fresh and made from scratch.  The seasoning on the Kabob Combo platter was delicious and the veggie combo had wonderfully fresh tasting hummus and stuffed grape leaves .  I had never eaten Baba Ghannouge before and loved the rich smoky taste of the eggplant.  The Arabic Salad and the Taboueh salad were flavorful with the wonderful lemon and olive oil dressings.  If you are a fan of the now popular kale salad, you will REALLY appreciate the Taboueh salad with its abundance of parsley.  We also enjoyed the falafel and a garlic/mashpotato dip designed for garlic lovers everywhere!  Better than Pita Jungle, by far!!!
4	You're new to this populated desert, left 24 hour fitness and have a huge urge to eat Mediterranean food....Yelp to the rescue! I didn't really know what to expect from the place. It was 20 minutes before closing and the place is pretty much closing. Food: Ordered the Kabob combo to try a mixture of items. Chicken kabob: Dry chicken because they use chicken breast but packed with flavor. I would suggest chicken thigh meat. Kofta - Not the best I've had, but no complaints either. Right soft bouncy texture with enough flavor. Steak - The best one! Came medium rare. Soft and flavorful (same spices as the chicken kabob). Hummus - Smooth texture. Service: They took my order and money with a smile. Not much service necessary at a place like this. Environment: Order in a grocery store type counter and pay for it in an actual grocery store counter. You can eat it in the grocery store if you want....awkward Asian guy sitting in the store....no thanks. Price: $11.50 for quite a bit of food. I thought it was fairly priced. Food: 4Service: 3Environment: 3 Price: 4
5	I went here for the first time the other day and tried the gyro plate my son ordered the beef shawarma. Everything was good and the staff was very friendly and even gave us a sample of baklava. They give you a lot of food for cheap prices. I will be back.
4	I ended up here after checking my Yelp app during a doctor's appointment in the area. I am SO GLAD I found it!I love ethnic grocery stores. I can get sucked in and explore for hours. They had a lot of Middle Eastern foods, with American items in the mix, too. The staff is great! I was greeted as soon as I walked in. I got the beef gyro plate, which came with your choice of 3 sides. I got the hummus, baba ghanoush, and tabbouleh. They also offer fries, but why the heck would I get fries at a Mediterranean deli? Crazy talk!The meat was sliced thinly, super tender, and had the right amount of grease. Hey, if you're gonna eat meat, you gotta have some grease, right? RIGHT? The sides were great, too. They were drizzled with olive oil, which always tells me I'm at a place that knows how to make the food they are advertising.I have the leftovers in the fridge, and can't wait to eat it! I will definitely be back. Again. And again. And again.
5	Food here is great, had the chicken schwarma with salad and rice. My partner had the same with hummus, I heavily endorse eating here. I'm coming back that's for sure. Also they have lovely baklava.
5	After trying a number of other Mediterranean places and being somewhat disappointed at every turn, I finally managed to find myself in the vicinity of Princess for a weekend lunch. As with many of the best restaurants in the area, the exterior doesn't look like much, but our fortunes changed once we got inside. The waitstaff was courteous and patient with my questions, and although the food took a while to come, it was absolutely worth the wait. I split a side of falafel and the Princess combo with a friend, and both were excellent. One recommendation for those who order platters here: you can switch around the default sides, for example, having tabbouleh instead of garden salad, or baba ganoush instead of rice, and I recommend this. You get a free baklava (or drink) for checking in, and I love the pistachio. When we went, the owner gave us not only this, but a piece of almond baklava, and another dessert to try. Have some turkish coffee to wash it down with, and you're set. Definitely recommended.
4	Good food, great service!
5	Great food!  They have a wonderful option of dishes to choose from.  Family owned local business with great service and excellent desserts!
5	A very unique and very tasty experience! I ordered the gyro combo for a very affordable 7.50. They gave generous portions of meat, salad, rice, and hummus. What really made this plate "pop" was how well everything was seasoned. You can tell that they put great care into everything they cook. Add a friendly waitress and nice, appropriate music music for the perfect atmosphere, and you've got a repeat customer.
1	I am disappointed to say that the customer is not first nor right at Princess. They have forgotten who keeps them in business, it is paying customers. The buffet last night was horrible...picked over, nothing left and the staff (family) on duty could care less, because THEY ate first!!! When I asked for it to be replenished, their response was, "Kitchen's closed, sorry. " This was at 8:15 pm, the buffet started at 7:30!!! I am sorry to say, I will no longer be making the 20 min drive and giving my business to this once great family owned business. Unfortunately the service has diminished greatly with the passing of the owner. He would be ashamed how his staff (family) treated their guests. This has been the 2nd time in as many weeks. Sad...because I really enjoyed the food. I hope they figure it out quickly, because at this pace, they won't be around to carry on the family business.
3	The girl that works there is super nice.  Food is pretty good.  :)
4	We went here a couple of weeks ago for lunch, I was hoping to try the lunch buffet.  But it was Ramadan, so the buffet is only available after sunset.  Husband and I shared the Princess Combo ($19),  we picked rice, hummus, and Arabic salad for our sides.  The meat was really good.  The Arabic salad is superb, hummus was good, rice got its color from turmeric instead of saffron.  Other people at the table had the beef kabob combo, and the chicken shawarma.  OMG!  the garlic yogurt sauce was so delicious, I think it only comes with the chicken shawarma.  I can just drink it upDesserts are $1 each, bite size.  Which is a great way to try all of them! :-)
5	My wife and I have been here a few times and each time the service, and quality food have been excellent.  So far I've had the chicken shawarma and the chicken kabob, both very flavorful.  The hummus and tabouli are also top notch.  I highly recommend this spot.  Almost forgot to mention the baklava was delicious as well.
4	First time having Middle Eastern food, I ordered the veggie platter, which consisted of about 5 different sides. My favorite was the falafel which was crunchy and still warm. The hummus was fresh, along with the Pitas. I also got to try the Asian salad which was really good! For my taste some of the food was a bit too tangy or sour, but other than that it was delicious! The service was good only have two workers not including the cook, so it was a bit slow but they were all nice and courteous. Ps. If you have a sweet tooth the pistachio Baklava was My favorite thing on the menu!
4	Great food...worth the drive.  Chicken and humus is very good and the lamb is some of the best I've had.
3	In honesty, I feel a little bad about only being able to give Princess three stars.  But this is a perfect example of the fact that to be considered a 'good resturant', even if it is a basic resturant and not fine dining, they can't just throw good food at you and expect return business.  Ambiance and service are important pieces of that overall recipe.So I'll start with the food.  This place serves the best, most authentic Mediterranean and Arabic food I've ever had.  The food is fantastic.  I'd say that's a pretty across-the-board statement... everything I've tried here is good.The ambiance:  Flat out poor.  It is a combo ethnic grocery store and restaurant, so that is a pretty big handicap to overcome from the outset.  No real separation from the grocery store,  Seating area is crowded even though there is only seating for about 20 total.  The seating is primarily booths (that wobble and aren't bolted down) that look like they are from a 1980's McDonalds.  There are some cafe-style bar-height tables for two scattered about in addition.  During lunch it will get full enough that there will be poeple standing around, eating wherever they can find a bit of space ( a testament to the good food).  Cleanliness of eating area was marginal.Service:  Only marginally better than the ambiance.  The servers, although they can handle orders in English, they clearly prefer taking orders in Arabic.  They have at most two people working tables, and often one.  The server is also responsible for running the grocery store cash register, so if 3-4 customers try to check out at the same time from the grocery side during lunch, they'll spend the rest of the meal trying to catch up.  You'll likely have to chase them down for anything except ordering the base meal and getting that brought to the table (and that might require proactive nagging as well).Cost:  Very affordable for the quality of the food ($9-$12/person).  Runs on par with Spices and other Mediterrean places in the area.Net:  Not a good place for families, groups, or dates.  Great place for foodies that want cheap, good authentic food.
1	I am disappointed to say that the customer is not first nor right at Princess. They have forgotten who keeps them in business, it is paying customers. The buffet last night was horrible...picked over, nothing left and the staff (family) on duty could care less, because THEY ate first!!! When I asked for it to be replenished, their response was, "Kitchen's closed, sorry. " This was at 8:15 pm, the buffet started at 7:30!!! I am sorry to say, I will no longer be making the 20 min drive and giving my business to this once great family owned business. Unfortunately the service has diminished greatly with the passing of the owner. He would be ashamed how his staff (family) treated their guests. This has been the 2nd time in as many weeks. Sad...because I really enjoyed the food. I hope they figure it out quickly, because at this pace, they won't be around to carry on the family business.
5	This place is best place  to be as adinnerSpecial if you have a family Because of the variety food they servingAnd the crew are working there for yearsThey have the experience to get you happy  And your family at the endIknow the family for year they starving to Improve the Mediterranean food culture into The society Iwould like to thank them for the great food they offering
4	Found another hidden pocket of goodness- to make you sleep within 7 minutes of finishing your meal!! No kidding! If you're having problems sleeping at night make sure to check this place out for dinner! ;) Your taste buds will enjoy the food and your brain will enjoy its "powers" to put you to sleep (like a food coma). But really- the dishes were delectable. This is in the NE corner if 101-N and Broadway. With the outside sign a bit tattered, this little market still boasts a dining experience to talk about. Staff immediately greeted and asked whether it was dining in or ordering to go and chose to dine in. To the right there were several tables and booths to choose from. Immediately was given menus and asked if ready to order. Waitress was attentive. Chicken shawarma sandwich was around $4 and the kabob combo (kabobs of chicken, beef, and lamb) with rice, salad, hummus and warm pita was about $12. When asking the waitress what kinds if meat was in the combo she said she doesn't know- and just works there. That was odd because I would have thought that if she wasn't knowledgable about what was on the plate that she could have at least asked the other staff. A skilled worker should at least be knowledgable about those basic popular dishes. Maybe in time. Minus that part everything was exceptional. Baklava was super sweet and delicious. Ended up buying a few more baklava to go!Once you're done just check out with the pleasant cashier at the front, and off to get some powerful coffee or to that comfy bed awaiting. ;)
5	First, we were served by the most enthusiastic, nicest, friendliest waitress Lauren. She could not rave enough about the food and she was right. We loved the lentil soup, the labne, the falafel sandwich (spectacular), the lamb shank entree (order 2 of them!) and even the rice is worth coming back for. Our only complaint is that we wish we lived closer but I wouldn't rule out us driving 2 hours for this authentic middle eastern cuisine.
4	We stopped in after seeing the sign on the road about Princess Mediterranean, Gyro etc.   We circled the parking lot twice to see if anyone was in there.  This is not our area of town, we were there shopping nearby.  Anyway, you walk into a nice market, then turn right and there is a good size area for full service dining.  We ordered the chicken shwarma and another meat sandwich (boyfriend ordered it, can't remember the name).  They were both delicious.  The service was incredibly friendly and welcoming.  You think it's just a store at first then turn right and it's full service dining.  We got a free baklava which tasted sooo soo good. It was fun to shop around after eating as well, many spices and new things to see.  I would eat there again for sure.  Our waitress was super nice and the food was delicious.
5	best food in town without even thinking
5	Honestly the best Mediterranean in all of AZ and this is not written flippantly as I've had a lot all over the valley! The food is amazing, the portions are perfect, and the prices are more than fair! Also.... SHOUT OUT TO DEENA!!! This wonderful young woman is an absolute angle and will take great care of you! Great service!!!
5	I love little spots like this! They have delicious authentic Mediterranean food. The staff is very attentive and friendly. They also have a little market inside where you can do some shopping. I've been here before and will continue to come when I'm in the area.
5	Always a great stop for lunch and or dinner, eat here at least 3 times a week. Excellent food and great service.
5	It's hard to please a Lebanese person when it comes to eating this kind of Food because we always compare it to our mom's cooking. This said, sorry mom, but this place is legit!The chicken kabab is great, perfectly marinated and cooked. Tabouli is well balanced. Hummus and Baba are just right.Eat here and you'll be pleased.
5	I've been living in AZ for 3 years and been looking for good, authentic middle eastern food. I'm from Chicago so my standards are pretty high and this place exceeded them. I had the kabob combo and Labne; they were amazing and the portions were huge! It is very reasonably priced and it was good quality food. I'm so happy I found a place that makes authentic middle eastern food and doesn't bland it down. I will be eating here regularly.
5	The restaurant section is great. My favorite area is the case that has the wonderful selection of olives and feta cheeses. If you like one or both this is the placem Quality at affordable prices!
5	Went tonight with my wife for dinner.  Ordered the Princess Combo.  There was plenty of food for two people (my wife and I).  It is strange as my wife and I go around and find things in Mesa, and we never knew of this place until now because of Yelp.  The place is casual, but the food is good.  My wife is particularly picky about the freshness of the food, and she said the food tasted fresh for her.  The strange thing is that this place is hidden.  Not many people people in Mesa go West of Dobson on Broadway.  If they do, they are going straight into Tempe, and driving by this place without ever even knowing.  I would have been one of those people had I not found this on Yelp.  I wish the place well.  There is a lot of competition for Middle Eastern restaurants in the immediate area.  They need to figure out a way to attract more customers, as I want to see this business prosper.  They are unfortunately very well hidden....just few feet away from the Tempe city line.  I would recommend this place to anybody who wants simple, good, Middle Eastern food, with good service.  Good luck.
5	Having had skipped lunch I ordered the Princess Combo ($20, for two but who's counting?) for take out. When I got home, all I could say was "Wow, amazing hummus... Wow, this rice... Mmm, the lamb/chicken kabobs... The shwarma was really tasty and the pita bread emitted a plume of fresh baked-smell when I opened the package. I still have the ground beef patty to eat later, and overall highly recommend eating here!
5	This place is off the book delicious.  I'm not a big fan of buffets, but from 12 -  4 on Fridays, its on.  Amazing chicken curry, kofta and tabouli, rice and assorted deliciousness.
4	Have been there many times, recommend the Greek Salad with mixed Poppy Seed/Honey Mustard dressing, and a Grinder samm-ich. Go on a weekday around 5 p.m., no lines, no waiting, cold beer, yum !! Weekends are for tourists ( read: suburbanites). Natch.
5	Best food, great service, you can't go wrong with anything you order, plenty of food. The freshly made baklava is to die for! Would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for fresh authentic delicious Mediterranean food!
5	If you are hungry, this is the place to go, reasonable prices, great sized portions, and the garlic sauce is yummy. Family oriented place. The buffet on friday is quite exceptional. The dinner menu consists shawarmas, kabobs, amazing fresh hummus, falafel and much much more. I would highly recommend coming to eat here whether it be breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Princess market definitely got my vote!
5	Came here with my boyfriend because he dragged me to. At first I wasn't looking forward to this because I am not a meat lover and I do not like change.  I ordered the beef and lamb gyro and was nervous about if I was going to like it. Come to find out.., it was the best gyro I have ever had. The pita and hummus were fresh and tasted delicious as well. The gyro was well cooked with tons of yummy flavors and was so fresh. Maybe I will start trusting my boyfriend more ;)
5	I've been a few times in the last year. Every time I go in, I get great service from everyone and the food is consistently delicious!
4	4  star service, food, drinks. They even gave a complimentary dessert to commemorate our engagement. Highly recommend this place to others.
4	These cats got it all going for them. Taste, price and coolness. If your all into the scene and need to be catered to, like your paris hilton, don't bother. It also has a great market selection, mine being the deserts and sweets. The plates have some good choice, I go the way of a main kabob, rice (mmmm), hummus and fries. They also lay on the pita bread, so its all good here. Oh, and be sure to bring someone you can converse with or something to read, its not fast food, so relax.
