4	This place was recommended to me by the dealership when I purchased my new car. I checked out their website and the brand of tinting they offer, called for estimates, and chose this place out of about 4 places that had be recommended to me by friends, Yelp, etc. The showroom is nice, the heat wall is a really cool way to demonstrate the powers of the different films, and the prices were competitive. My car looks great - it's still drying/curing, so I'll update if I have any problems. The tinting was completed in 2 hours, and they did my whole car, including the windshield.  So why the missing star?  The guy who was working as the sales guy was really weird. He didn't look professional, and he was really awkward to talk to. He showed me the tinting on his car, which is 10% on everything but the windshield, and really encouraged me to break the law and get really dark tint. It doesn't cost any more, he just really likes dark tint. I drive a Toyota Yaris, so it's not like I'm super sporty or anything. He went on and on about how the cops don't care, etc etc. He also, when telling me that I can't roll down my windows "for a while," kept saying that I don't NEED to roll down my windows because it's winter. Um, hello, how am I going to get my Raising Cane's goodness? I'm fine not rolling down the windows for a week, but don't tell me what I need. And don't tell me to break the law with something as permanent and expensive as window tint. So anyway - I like the place, the service, the product quality, etc - they just need to find that sales employee a new home.
5	SOLARTIVITYadvanced architectural film technologyWhat can I say about Dave!!! He was awesome! We scheduled an appt for Home Tint estimate...... He was promptly on time! Very friendly and very knowledgeable! We chatted for a little bit, then told him our ideas. He asked if he could start measuring all our windows.  When he was done, he gave us a folder that had a couple different options for tint film and explained very well the different types and the benefits they offer!!!*Eliminate up to 99% of UV Radiation*Saves on Utility Bills!!!*Has a LIFETIME Warranty*Will Warrant your windows*Dual-Pane Safe*Eligible for Energy Tax Credit*Environmentally FriendlyHe said he would put an estimate together and email my husband with it today.  We received the estimate and were Extremely pleased with the prices!!! Will re-post again when we get them done!Thank You Dave (the president) & you WILL be hearing from us soon!!!**Energy Star**Skin Cancer Foundation**Green Chamber of Commerce Las Vegas
5	DC Auto Luxury Window Tinting is the only place I'd go to for window tinting and paint protection! I've had two of my cars' windows tinted there, and it looks great!In a nutshell:*Called a day in advance for an appointment and was given a great quote on a Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo.  Friendly guy who answered the phone.*Showed up in the morning, told them I wanted 35% tint on all the front, passenger and rear window, dropped off the car at their nice quiet location.*Picked up the car about 4 hours later and they explained to me what not to and what to normally expect after they tinted the windows.*Very friendly staff and the tint has a life-time manufacturer's warranty which is cool.I recommend this place to anyone.  Customer service plays a BIG part when it comes to anything related to auto shops.
5	I found DC Auto on Yelp when my car dealer didn't have a referral for me.  Typically I'll only have work done on my car from a friendly referral, but decided to go the Yelp route this time.  I almost went with another company because they had more reviews, but ended up with DC Auto because they were very friendly and informative on the phone and could also get me in the same day.  I'm so glad I went here!The place is near Gibson/215 conveniently located near the Henderson Auto Mall where I bought my car.  When I arrived I was very impressed by the professionalism and friendliness of the staff.  Jessica answered all my questions and helped me select the best choice for me, the nano particle with a clear windshield coating.  She introduced me to the owner David, who also was extremely friendly. Jessica informed me it would be a couple hours and if I planned on waiting, they'd be happy to drive me over to Green Valley Ranch to occupy my time.  I instead chose to stick around and get some work done.  She set me up in my own little area where I could be productive for a few hours while I waited.They finished the job in a couple hours as promised, and it looks incredible.  They put caution tape on my window controls to remind me not to mess with the windows for a few days.  Most importantly the tint really keeps the heat out way more then in my old car (which I thought had a good tint on it).  If you're looking for a good deal on a quality tint job, and want it done by good honest people, take my word for it and go here.
5	I have now taken two of my vehicles to DC Auto... It is always a difficult thing for me to leave a vehicle with anyone at all, but after seeing the incredible work they did on my first car I brought them, I had no hesitation about bringing my second car down for tint removal, and application of new clear tint all around.I am extremely meticulous, and have always dealt with the same tinter for as long as I can remember, but these guys are my one and only tinter from here on out!
5	I first found this business through a mailer that came in for 10% off.  I was extremely satisfied when I arrived and the knowledge that employees had and the options that were available to me for my vehicle.  The did a great job in explaining the different tints.  I was in and out in minimal time.  A couple of months later, I had them out to measure my windows for my house.  Now, my home stays approx. 30 degrees cooler and my A/C isn't fighting so hard to keep my place cool. (My house is a 1951 brick home in Las Vegas, with single pane windows).  Before the tint was applied, my home would be about 10 degrees cooler and my A/C was on ALL THE TIME.  Great employees!  I will be taking my other vehicles in to get the great heat reducing tint.  Thanks guys.  I appreciate your help and knowledge in all aspects.
5	I am very pleased with the work of DC Auto. I have a Prius with windows tinted by the dealership when I bought it. I wanted the rear windows darker. David suggested to simply, instead of removing the old tint, putting new tint over the old. I have to admit that I was skeptical at first, but after the job was done have to say that it looks good.
5	My husband and I both had the windows on our vehicles tinted by DC Auto. The work was amazing, as was the customer service. They got the job done quickly and the price was great. I would definitely recommend them to anyone wanting to get their windows tinted.
5	I work in the auto industry, and I came to DC Auto Luxury Window Tinting instead of using the in-house tint shop we have. I knew they would pay more attention to my windows and the tint job, and they did just that! I have a 2 door vehicle and it's a fact it's hard to get in and out of the back seats. These guys did an amazing job and I would definitely come here again for my next car. I recommend this place to anyone that wants a quality tint job for a good price and a quick and easy process. How it all went:1. I called and set up an appointment2. Walked in DC Auto Luxury Window Tinting for my appointment 3. Greeted by my first name from a friendly smile behind the receptionist desk. 4. Told me about my 3 to 4 options on tint quality and the differences. Once tint quality was narrowed down she then showed me the 3 to 4 different shades that I could pick from. (great experience from the norm up-selling side of the road tint shops) 5. Picked my tint, and then waited for about 4 hours. (left and came back when they called me) 6. Picked up my car and it looked great!So far its been about 3 months and there are no bubbles or smudges but if there were, the people at DC said they would re-do it for no charge! Great job, great people, great deal....what else could you ask for? Maybe a popcorn machine in the waiting room... Yes that's what's missing!!
5	There should be a law, even an amendment to the constitution? Always check Yelp before leaving the house. If we all were to do that everything would be fine. I wouldn't have any gray hairs, my kids might do their homework, Obama & Boehner would grab Starbucks and carpool to Washington together? I need a tint job on the new jalopy and yelp indicates these guys may be the answer.The reception is bright, clean with big tv and coffee, I am offered three different tints, with various degrees of heat protection as well as the typical choice of % tints.I opt for nano-particle, I am assured it can block over 90% of infra red heat! Sounds good and I will try to remember to update in July.So I wait on the comfy coach, watch my once mighty Aston Villa lose to Manchester City on FSC and just over two hours later, my car is done. Its clean, no tint off-cuts stuck to the car and the tech greets me and explains that I need to not wash the interior windows or lower the glass for 48 hours. They even put some tape over my window switches so I don't forget. He must know me?Excellent, Yelpers WERE correct, top tint shop.
5	I wouldn't go to any other place for window tinting.  I have been to other ones in Henderson and they just can't compare.  These people were great!  They're professional and considerate.  There were much more expensive cars there than my little Honda but I never felt left out.  The displays they have makes it so easy to understand and the staff is so good at explaining it all (even though I interrupted a lot.) The waiting area was comfortable and I got a lot of work done while waiting and before I knew it, my car was done.  My car has a lot of little extra corner windows and when I inspected my car I could see that they really paid good attention to it.  I would highly recommend this place.  I wish I knew about this place sooner.
5	I had my windows tinted this weekend at DC Auto, and so far, it looks great. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the owner is very involved in the work. They took the time to discuss and demonstrate the different types of tint with me before i made my choice (I ended up getting the Nano film). They educate you on the different levels of heat and UV rejection with different types of film, and went as far as to inform me on how well certain types of tint work on specific manufacturers' glass.The waiting area is nothing special- vending machine with a few drinks and snacks, and TV (which they let you control) with Directv. Pretty standard as far as waiting areas go, but when getting window tint, it's always a good idea to drop your car off and pick it up later if you can. After just under 3 hours, my car was ready, and the sales rep, (Danielle, I believe) walked around the car with me to make sure that every detail was correct. She spotted a couple of bubbles in the tighter corners which were promptly taken care of on the spot before I drove away.All in all, this is a great tint shop. I am very happy with the work done on my car.
5	Very professional staff and swift service! And I love my tint!
5	Highly personalized customer service. No pressure just pure customer service. And the product is highly recommended.
5	Love this place 3 cars they have done for me and i will be going back again for the next car,  always friendly.  When you have a warranty issue they just replace the tint and it like new again.  Its so great to have a company that really understands customer service this day and age.  Nano clear front window is the best thing ever. Thanks again Jessica.
5	Very professional staff and perfect customer service. Nice showroom and waiting area that is very clean. The tint installation and quality is second to none. Highly recommended.
5	I had a great experience here.  I brought my car in last Saturday afternoon.  They were very nice.   Someone drove me to a nearby shopping center while my car was done.  They did not try to upsell me. My car looks great.  Highly recommend David and DC Auto.
5	Great place.I really enjoyed the open WiFi. I was able to get work done and grab lunch. I wouldn't hesitate to go again.
5	DC Auto is truly luxury window tint. They did an excellent job on my car. This is our third car that we have taken to DC and we are always impressed. The staff is always professional and polite. You will not be disappointed!
5	I just visited DC Luxury Tint yesterday and had one of the most professional experiences ever with any auto tint firm in the valley.  I have used many other top rated firms in the valley and I must say that the overall appearance of professionalism is exuded at this establishment. I chose the top level of tint called Nano Series and feel that it is going to be just perfect for our needs. Jessica and the other employees were super nice and great to work with. The tint job looks awesome and you can see the quality in their products and installation characteristics. Great job DC...I look forward to many more jobs with your firm!
5	Did a great job on my window tint! These guys were very professional, they communicated the price clearly, the product looked great, and their customer service was fantastic. They had a really nice, well equipt waiting lounge and they finished my job 3.5 hours faster than promised!!
5	I had an appointment at 10:00 and they were finished by 11:15.  I chose the nanoparticle tint but was undecided on which percentage tint I'd like on the rear windows.  They installed 20% on one window to see how it would look but I ended up going with 10% instead.  Being from California (aka The Rip Off state) I thought I was going to get charged extra because of the last minute change, but was not.  I highly recommend getting your vehicle tinted at DC Auto.  It was well worth the 4 hour drive to Vegas.
5	The tint looks fantastic! Professional environment and friendly staff. This company is changing the tint industry. No more sketchy "garage shops".
5	I brought my car in here to tint the windows in time for the heat wave in Vegas.  They did a fabulous job with my car.  Their front end staff was very helpful in helping me pick the right shades and was nice enough to give me a ride home while my windows were being tinted.  I dropped off my car at 10:00 am and they picked me back up at 4:00 pm to get my car back.  The tinting had a very professional finish look to them, you couldn't even tell that this was not a factory tint.  Kudos to the staff at this place.   I would highly recommend this place to all that wants to get their windows tinted.
4	Very satisfied w my tint. Looks good, feels good. Only thing is it doesn't feel as cool as I thought &.I got the top package
5	Called today and was able to get in same day for fast service!! Had snacks and free wi-fi while you wait!  Very nice place with great service!
5	Stellar customer service!!  I had a 10am appt on a Saturday. I found out on Friday one of my boys had a soccer game at 915. I called when I found out, trying to figure out how I could make the drop off and still get kiddo to his game on time. When I called they told me no problem. They would make sure someone would be there at 830am for me to drop my car off and pick the tint out (on a Saturday no less when they don't open until 9am). So I get there Saturday morning and someone is there waiting for me. I was in and out in 5 minutes. My car was ready by noon and looks fantastic. Even put tape on my window buttons lol to remind me to not roll them down. Great customer service, great product, great pricing. Would recommend them to anyone. Oh and I like the heat walls showing you the difference between the various tint products and no tint. Definitely had an influence on my selection.
5	Picked this company because it had great reviews. I had great service, clean office, nice staff. When I went to pick up the car I noticed a scratch in the tint on one of the windows. They re-tinted it ASAP without any question. They did a great job. I would use them again.
5	Great service!  DC Auto tinted my new Honda way back in 2003.  After about 8 years, one of the windows developed some wrinkles, but I couldn't remember where I had the "lifetime guaranteed" work done.  A full ten years later, I was going through some files and found the warranty card.  Called them up and found out that even though the film manufacturer was out of business, they would take care of my problem.DC Auto not only fixed the faulty film, they replaced the film on both driver and passenger windows at no charge.  No arguments, no hassles.  Awesome company!
5	What a fabulous place for auto window tinting! Great staff & very clean facilities! Very reasonable prices! They do an amazing job! It's great to find great customer service & extraordinary work! Highly recommended!
5	I brought my 2013 Raptor in after a few weeks of due diligence, looking for the right product and person to install it.......From the website (which leaves nothing to the imagination) to the facility with the heat wall and all the snacks you can handle in the lounge/waiting room/lay on couch and watch TV room.. You know you're  in good hands from the moment you walk in with Jessica and Madison in the front. Knowledgable and professional. The guys did an amazing job getting my truck done (as I selfishly booked them both to do different parts at the same time)... I had the nano all around with the clear nano on the windshield.  I couldn't possibly praise this team enough. Highest quality product with even better service and facilities.  Great job.
5	I gave them 5 star because:1*Great customer service. check!2*Nice Waiting Area. check!3*Excellent nano Tint. check!4*Clean Bathroom. check!5*Wifi. check!Nano tint is a bit pricey but u get what u pay for!
5	I love this place! The waiting area is awesome so clean and my car looks great! So professional and took their time explaining the different tints so I was comfortable with what I was getting :)
5	Very professional. Clean waiting room w/ DirectTV, refreshments, etc. Did a great job with top end materials at a BS-free, fair price. LOVE the "no-fault" warranty.
5	Made an appointment to come in at 10am on a saturday to have my windows on my 2014 Mustang tinted. Wheeled in and was greeted by Madison. Very friendly and she immediately brought me into the showroom and waiting room. The showroom was where I saw my tint... I opted for the 30 percent ceramic gave her my keys and went to the waiting room . The waiting room was outstanding with a big screen TV , leather couches  , a large table with tons of magazines neatly placed. Underneath the tv was an assortment of chips , granola bars and cookies. Next to it was a mini fridge full of water, mt dew, diet coke and all the sodas. Mind you I came in at 10am and to my surprise left at 11:30am!! The mustangs have windows that come down just a little bit to clear the top when opening . and when closed they roll back up . Usually the installers have to shut that off to install the tint. Madison made sure to inspect my car to make sure they were turned back on and she checked the quality of the job. The installers placed a tape across the window opener to ensure I don't accidentally roll down the windows. Gotta keep em rolled up for 48 hours to ensure the film is cured to the window properly.Oh and another thing!! Don t forget to use your 10 percent off from the Yelp Check in!! that was an added happy for the day!! Love this place!! Highly recommended .... I'm gonna send my folks here to install tint on their cars...
5	I made an appointment through email on a Tuesday, and I was in on Saturday! I walked in to a beautiful place, and both girls up front were very nice. Then we walked back, picked my shades (I did the elevated series shade 28 for my front windows and 15 for the back) and then I was told that it usually takes 4-4.5 hours and that they'll call me when it's ready! It only took three hours and I come back to an amazing looking vehicle! Once I sat in my car, it instantly felt cooler! I am so pleased with how it turned out!!!
5	Had an amazing experience here today. Jessica and Madison are wonderful employees and you guys are lucky to have them! I was a nervous wreck with my quoted time of 3-6 hours with a tint removal. I had to bring an almost two year old with me and Jessica was so patient as I struggled for an embarrassingly long time to get my sons car seat into her vehicle. She was kind enough to bring us to town square to kill some time. She was a great driver and even better company.  We were picked up with in 20 minutes of our call and when we got back our car was already finished. The car looked great. I'm sad we had to remove our tint but we are moving overseas. The services were great for the price it's no wonder I was referred here by a friend. I will be sure to pass on your name as well. Thanks so much.
5	These guys are all around AMAZING! Every single person that works there really goes above and beyond. They were so thorough checking out my brand new car that they made sure I knew about some scratches that I had missed in my "new car excitement"! They really had my back, and even wrote a letter to take to the dealership after the inspection. I'll be going back for some additional tinting and I will definitely be telling everyone that this is THE best place to get your windows done.
5	Top notch!  Made an appointment for next day, they fit me into the schedule!  Love the new tint on my Tahoe!  Matches the factory tint on the back windows, even did my sunroof.  Wife lives it too and all for a fair price!  I'm bringing my truck next, thanks for the great job!
2	Great products but horrible service.I purchased the Durmafilm UV windshield tint which is a great product. The first time I was there I waited about 1 hour and was told my vehicle was finished so I paid. Turns out they did not install it! The owner was nice enough to have his staff work with me to remedy the situation (which is the only reason I am giving them 2 stars). This time they installed the product but made a mess out of my vehicle; they had soaked my leather interior in the installation solution that they use (dash, gauges and front seats) and did not even bother to even do a quick wipe down and had left shoe prints all over the front interior as well. And they had also left a few presents on my floor boards, 3 broken razor blades.Although they do have great products I would avoid this shop since their installation technicians have no consideration for you or your vehicle.
4	After experiencing such poor customer service at Eco-tint I needed to find another shop that would tint my car. I found DC tint from yelp and saw so many good reviews. I couldn't even find a bad review. Out the door with my 10% yelp check in, it came out to $175.07 that's for the standard tint with any darkness. Pretty good deal. Eco tint tried to rob me and quotes $204 for their tint but it didn't have accidental warranty. Wtf? You would think for that price you would have an accidental warranty. The good thing is for DC tint offers that, FOR FREE. It's part of the package. So I ended up paying less and getting more in return? Sounds like a deal to me.The place is super clean. Nice hard wood floors, nice and cold ac. I had a friend of mine pick me up so I didn't wait. I checked out the waiting room, they have tons of snacks and a big screen tv to watch while you wait. Madison was very friendly during my visit. She didn't pressure me with any other tints. She actually helped me out since I was indecisive. She help me look at tint on the other cars that just finished outside to compare what I wanted. I did 8% in the rear and 5% in the front. One thing that stopped this from getting the full 5 stars is actually the tint. For someone reason the tint has a hint of brown/yellow in it. It's weird. Isn't it suppose to be black? Please who ever responds to yelp reviews please answer my question. Why is it like that? Is it suppose to be like that?But other than that, good tint, good service, just might come back soon for my eyebrow of my car tint or even front windshield.
5	This place is one of the best place to get your windows tinted. I've used them twice now, both times they did an awesome job. Staff are very professional and the owner Dave is very helpful. He will take care of what you need to get done. They have great affordable prices and great quality..  I am very happy and satisfied .Definitely recommend this place..
5	Ok... So I have taken a few more cars and trucks to them since my last review. The attention to detail that the staff at DC has is really amazing. They have a display inside with the different window films, and heat lamps so you can see how much heat is transferred (or not transferred) through the film you are considering. Jessica and has been very helpful with selecting the right tint for my various vehicles - clear tint with UV rejection for the older cars to give them that still classic look... And darker tint with still great heat rejection for the newer cars and trucks. She is very technical with the different types of film, and me being a technically minded person really enjoys seeing the different types of film. It really goes to show that not all window films are the same... And not all tint shops are either!Thanks again guys!
5	I was looking to get my windows tinted and came across DC Auto on Yelp .After seeing their awesome ratings I decided to stop in one day to ask about the different films they offer. I was shown their Heatwall which demonstrates the different films they offer and allows you to feel how much heat comes through each kind of film. I made an appointment for a couple days later. When I came in for my appointment, they confirmed what kind of film I wanted and escorted me to their waiting area. I was so impressed with how nice it was. They have a fridge with sodas and waters, coffee, and snacks. There is magazines and a flat screen TV. They also offer Wifi and have a conference center. I was quoted 3 hours for my car but they had it done in 2. When my car was finished, David showed me my vehicle and it looked amazing. He went over their no fault warranty with me. I told him that I found them on Yelp and he made sure that I received the 10% Yelp discount. Don't waste your time with Groupon offers for other places to get mediocre service and tint. This place offers excellent customer service, a nice waiting area with amenities while you wait for your vehicle, and a product they take pride in and that you'll be completely satisfied with. Thank you DC Auto for the fantastic service. I will be sure to bring my next car here and refer everyone I know here.
5	I had DC Auto tint my windows with the "nanoparticle" film and had the "dermafilmUV" installed on my windshield last month.  Setting up the appointment over the phone was easy and she answered all my questions patiently. When I got there I filled out the forms quickly and was taken around the corner of the office to look at the tint options and feel the difference between different films on their heatwall.  Since I had already done my research and knew what I wanted, this only took a minute, but I got the feeling she would have walked me through everything if it was needed.  The staff was nice and the office was clean and modern feeling.  There were also places to work if you were going to wait for your car.  I left mine and went to work.  When I picked it up, checking out was quick although they did forget to apply my 10% Yelp discount and forgot to put the little "don't open" stickers on my window controls. Since I had to leave the windows up for two weeks, I asked them for the stickers and she came right out to add them.  For the discount, I had to speak with Dave.  After some epic phone tag, we were able to hook up and he promptly credited my Amex for the Yelp discount.   A month later, all the haziness and bubbles that were visable in the windshield and windows has disappeared and I was finally able to have the inside windows cleaned (they advised waiting one month prior to cleaning the film).  Everything looks great.  I will utilize DC Auto the next time I need tint and reccomend them to others.
5	This place is great! Walk you through the different options. Very easy to work with and got my car done right away! Best service and my car looks great! Highly recommend!
5	DC auto is amazing!!! I just got my car back from them and it's perfect. This morning I called to see if I could even get in today and Jessica said I could come in at 11. Brought my car in, picked out the tint, and everything looks great! Jessica is so nice and helpful! She went thorough the tints with me and explained each one. Overall everything was great!!!! Thanks so much!!
5	truly amazing
5	What a great place, I was greeted at the front desk and then I was shown the different options of tint as far as the light input and the different tiers of tint they offer, I was shown the heat wall and could tell the difference between the tint, I was told it woukd take maybe 3 hours so I waited in their waiting room, this place is awesome, couches a big screen TV and complimentary waters and sodas and coffee and snacks, I did some homework on their free wifi they offer and 1.5hours later my car was ready, they offer a 10% military discount and my tint looks great, these guys are fast and professionals,  even the owner greeted me to let me know who he was and that my car was almost ready. 5 stars all the way!!
5	Everybody is friendly. Clean and comfortable waiting area. They did a very good job with my car. GO to place for any automobile!
5	I got my windows tinted about a month ago.  I've waited this long to review DC just to make sure everything about the tint turned out okay.  Well, let me say everything went great.  I'm very pleased with the job they did.I did a lot of research before choosing DC.  I value my time and money.  Consequently, there are times I will spend more money on something because I know I won't have to waste time down the road getting it fixed or replaced.The process was really easy.  I looked at their website before making my appointment.  They have their pricing scale posted on the website so you're not surprised when you go in.  Once you get there, they take you to see the tint options.  You choose the type and tint % and that's it.  I drive a wagon and what I really appreciated was that they didn't try to charge me for extra tinting for what other tint companies might say are extra windows.  Instead of dropping the car and leaving, I decided to wait.  They have a comfortable couch, DirecTV, drinks and snacks, and WiFi.  I was able to get some work done and watch a bit of TV while they did the work.  I was there three hours, but it didn't seem that long.  The staff is also super-friendly.  The owner of the company came in a few times to give me an update on the progress, which I really appreciated.Overall, it was a great experience.  They have a great product delivered in a timely manner at a reasonable price.  Just make sure you check-in on Yelp.  If you do, they'll give you a nice discount.
5	Great facility, staff and an owner that cares... when I had an issue regarding the clean up and inspection of my vehicle I was promptly contacted and the issue was rectified.I advise anyone to bring your vehicle to DC Auto Tint.  You will be satisfied and the owner will follow up on any issues RE: quality, installation, price, quoted wait time etc.A busy professional values his time, and knows you value yours.  An engaged ownership separates the winning small and medium businesses from the rest.Work is quality and guaranteed 100% if not to your expectation or satisfaction, no questions asked.  Though my original job wasn't to the A+ standard.  The follow up and rectification of the issue/issues was.  DC has won my loyal business and I recommend them for anybody who want's serious tint that doesn't peel/bubble/break....Even if, they will replace it for free, lifetime.  Bring your vehicle any level from jalopy to Maserati here and feel confident you are in good hands.
5	DC Auto has a great shop and its really clean! Great display showing what they offer and a nice waiting area with a tv. A huge plus is that they stick to their time estimate!!!  Everyone is nice and professional and they make you the priority when you're in there. I've tinted a lot of cars (about 14) over the last 10 years and have had some good and bad experiences. One thing that is great is the pricing is laid out on their site so there's no guessing or calling around to a bunch of stores only to get quoted different numbers depending on the time/day you call. Although, they do have some of the best pricing on their ceramic film. There's a reason they have 5 stars and nice to see reputable shops still exist.I recently tinted my commuter car (2015 Honda Fit) and went with ceramic on all windows and the clear nano on the windshield. Car was returned clean and will be bringing my SUV to get tinted.
5	Awesome place. Great job done. Highly recommend going here and getting your tint job done. Jessica is awesome, she explains everything well and tells you the do's and don'ts of post-tint.
5	Dave took care of me again. Replaced my whole tint just because I didn't like the color. Did I have to pay? Of course not!! You will never find another tint shop that would replace your whole tint for FREE. Thank you Dave for being such an awesome person. Never have I ever met a guy who is so customer service driven. Just today I recommended him to a buddy of mine. It's just a matter of time that all my friends will come in!
5	This place was great. I called and made a Saturday morning appointment, no problem. The waiting room was very nice, snacks, drinks and comfy couches in front of the tv. My 4 door Cruze was done in under 2 hours. The owner came out and explained their lifetime warranty and made sure I was happy with what was available in the waiting room. They took my yelp coupon with no problem. Very pleasant experience, I will definitely recommend this place to my friends.
5	Last weekend, DC Auto Luxury Window Tinting tinted my new car.  I went with the Nanoparticle film and I couldn't be happier.  Great facility and staff.  There is a waiting room with TV, drinks and snacks.  DC is open on Saturdays, which is great for those of us that work normal business hours.The heat wall demonstration was the perfect aid in making my decision.
1	I got my windows tinted here several months ago. That's about all I can say, the fact that it happened. Everything else about this experience was as bad as I could have imagined.First, the quote I was given over the phone was $75 less than the actual cost, because the person I spoke with didn't find it important to point out that removing the previous tint was going to cost extra. Of course the cost for that service makes perfect sense, but it's unprofessional to lowball the customer and then spring an extra fee on them when they arrive.Next, they left drops of sticky residue all over the interior of my car, which I had to spend an hour scrubbing off. The edges of the tint are uneven and chipped in several places, though it's otherwise smooth everywhere. The pieces of the interior of my car that were removed to apply the tint were not properly put back on, so they squeaked and rattled until I went back through everything and pressed it in place until it clicked in properly. Lastly, the warning tape that they applied to my window controls melted completely in the sun by the time I picked my car up, which was only about 15 minutes after I was told that it was ready, and I had to spend a lot of time cleaning off the melted adhesive from my leather interior.The quality of the tint itself maybe deserves 3 stars, but this was truly despicable service. Even compared to all the other times I've been through brutal attempts at hustling by scummy automotive places, which, if you've gotten a lot of work done on your car, you probably can relate to, this was by far the worst service I've ever gotten with regards to my vehicle.
5	I just had my car windows tinted at DC auto. David was quite professional. He took his time with me and I never felt rushed in making my decisions. He answered all of my questions thoroughly and explained both the manufacturer and their own warranties well. I had a 9:00 am appointment and was done at 11:00. Their waiting area is comfortable with a TV.  Complimentary beverages and snacks are provided. Every thing looks good and I am pleased with the service I received. If I need tinting done in the future I won't hesitate to go back. Thank you David for the great service.
5	I got my new 200 tinted there today. Excellent & friendly service. I was greeted immediately upon arrival & was shown my options. I chose my tint & was quoted 3 hours, however, they had it done in under 2! My car looks excellent & their warranty is fabulous. Also, much cheaper in comparison to other quotes I received. The waiting area is very nice with a few couches & tv, also had complimentary snacks and drinks. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a quality job & friendly service.
5	David, the owner, responded privately to my initial review and invited me to come back to the shop. He offered me a full refund for the cleanup that I had to do following the first tint job, and ensured me that they provide full warranty for all their work. So, we inspected the areas where the tint had some issues and they got to work on re-doing the necessary tints right away. He even saw me half an hour before they opened in the morning, to accommodate my schedule and make sure I didn't have to wait behind other customers.I couldn't be happier with the resolution of this issue, and I will absolutely refer all my friends to DC Auto and come back here for my future tinting needs. David is a great guy and a dedicated, honest business owner who showed true commitment to customer satisfaction.
5	I am very pleased with the service of this company. I got the 10% Nano tint, which I am very happy with. The performance of this tint is amazing!I did have ONE pesky window that wasn't liking the tint and had to have it re-done twice. I quickly learned that Mercedes are too well built for their own good. There wasn't any hassle to get this fixed to perfection - third time was a charm. They even picked my car up from me to avoid the hassle of bringing it in again. Dedicated customer service is a hard to find commodity in this town. I highly recommend this company. David, the owner, is very helpful and willing to answer and explain any concern or question you may have. A+ service & business.
5	My husband decided to get my windows on my 2013 Hyundai Elantra tinted and found DC Auto on yelp. Because the reviews were so good, we decided to give them a try. We weren't disappointed. We brought my car in at 9 and had it back by 2. The staff was friendly and the owner came out and introduced himself and we got to talk with him for a bit (go Cowboys!). My car looks great and I am so happy with the tint. Thanks guys!
5	saw this here and since had great reviews, went ahead and cancelled another company.called and spoke with a nice ladyon the phone,and gave me quote for 2 door tinting. she stated it starts at 79.99, asked her for any specials - she said that if i checked into yelp, there is a $25 dollar off. she went ahead and sked one.location wise is a challenge to find but once there, u will be met with a kind, warm and knowledgeable receptionist.  she showed me different tints, its pricing, its value as well  as the heat absorption.they even showed me how the tint will look like in my car by placing the chosen tint itself attached to my car -- which is great coz at times what was shown on display will look different once placed on an actual car window.while waiting, i was lead to their waiting room that was filled with water, juices, coffee and other snack items! the facility itself is clean and well organized!the tint is absolutely gorgeous, and kept our car clean with no traces of glue whatsoeveri will definitely do my tints there and will highly recommend to everyone!
5	Very good and on time service. Staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. Highly recommend it.
5	I'd like to thank David first and foremost for such great customer service. He is personable, professional, and above all else an honest businessman. My husband and I took our cars for tinting to be done on our Mazda's. My husband has. CX-5 and I have a Mazda 3 hatchback. My Mazda 3 HB was done first, tint looked great. There was a minor issue with one of the windows and David was honest, open, and willing to pay for the issue. It wasn't a large issue but he offered to cover it and pay for it at his cost because his tech caused the issue. Most places would claim you had it prior, or let you drive off and find it yourself. Not David, he told me immediately and put my mind at ease that it would be covered with no extra hassle for my time or wallet. For the inconvenience he further discounted my tint and my husbands. My husbands car was done the following day and looks beautiful. The quality of the product, service, and honesty is unbeatable. David offers a full guarantee on his products with no questions asked. You can go back any time after scratches, etc. and he will replace it at no cost to you. DC Auto is the way to go for tinting and for quality and personable service. David gives a yelp discount and wants to have a happy customer. I highly recommend them and their product.
