1	Hung a Loon is what is should be called! I tried this place when I bought my house I was moving, tired, and hungry an interesting little man came to the door. He was carring with him a menu to the Hing Loon. It had pretty pictures of the fabulous feast that would await. I asked about the food and was assured it was delicious. So I proceeded to call and speak to a woman who did not understand English very well (not uncommon for a mom and pop Chinese joint). After repeating my order several times and feeling confident that she had it down. I sat back and waited for Beef chop suey, Teriyaki chicken, an egg roll and free crab puffs the special on the menu to be delivered. 45 minutes later it arrived and smelled great. I figured since I live 1/2 a mile from this place that 45 minutes could mean they are very busy or just very slow. After tasting the food I believe it was the latter of the two. 1st both dishes were swimming in sauce almost like soup. The chop suey touted brown oyster sauce it was white and it frightened me a little. I took the first bite and could not allow my stomach to be subjected to this kind of crime. I promptly spit it into my napkin. The teriyaki chicken was very fatty and had a funny taste it was rubbery like that of an old bird. Egg roll I think not grease stick! My favorite was crab puffs! You bite in and get a puff of air not the creamy cheese and Crab as intended for a crab puff to be. Don't do it! For the love of god and all that is holy I beg you! Do not punish your taste buds with this garbage served in cute Togo containers!
1	Food was priced good. Sadly our food wasn't very good. I had beef & broccoli -- yuk!
4	I've ordered from Hing Loon several times since their menu appeared at my home & I always enjoy it! It's a nice little place with good food & a few tables for dining in.
4	I'll keep coming for dinner because the food is worth it
1	went there to try their lunch ordered' they ask if we would like something to drink i said,just a glass of water please,they said we do not have any water just bottled water who knows about the food,but to lose a customer over a glass of water,but by the other reviews i don't think i am the one who lost out
5	Never heard of this place before, but we stopped by today.  We ordered the seafood combination, Mongolian beef, and lo mein.  Everything was delicious and the portions were so plentiful that we could not finish the food.  We will definitely swing by again if we are in the area.
1	Thought that since we lived close, food delivery would be a good idea. WRONG. Ordered the family dinner A.  Asked to substitute almond chicken for sweet and sour pork for an extra charge.  Received the food, unpacked it.  Much to my surprise, it was awful! The fried rice was cold,  the egg drop soup tasteless, and almond chicken as delivered was actually moo goo gai pan with a few almonds! Who ever heard of that!  When I called to complain,  the owner didn't care. Last time for this place. Skip it and go down the road.
1	food is bad  don't go  save your money    you should just eat your 5 dollar bill it would tast better
5	My wife and I went here Saturday night at 8:00 PM after checking out the flyer left near our door. We drove the mile and a half there and were pleasantly surprised to see people leaving with cartons of food and smiles. Upon entering the hole-in-the-wall joint we were immediately greeted by a the young lady at the counter.  We ordered what we usually get when we go to a Chinese restaurant. Wife got the Kung Pao Chicken and I the Orange Chicken.  we both opted for the dollar upgrade on the entree' and had fried rice instead of the steamed rice.After a short wait and while watching the flat panel TV, our food arrived hot and fresh.The Kung Pao was exceptional, the Orange Chicken was just as good.  the Fried rice was served hot and plentiful as well. The foods were pleasing to the eye as well as the palate. We ate to our fill and were left with enough to bring home and have the following day. We are very satisfied and happy to have found this gem in the rough on Glendale ave.Will we return?  Most definitely.  our search for the chinese takeout we've craved since moving here 10 years ago has finally been sated.
1	We actually really enjoy the food but like every typical Chinese food place they are cheap with continents I ordered 4 takeout meals and they gave me 2 chili containers I asked for extra and she wanted to charge me I honestly spend a good amount of money here and can't believe she wanted to charge me for extra chili we will never go back again cause the customer service sucks
5	HING LOON. TAKE 2.I threw caution to the wind and went against my norm to order only soup and eggrolls only before trying entrees.1st was the combinationmbination fried rice (a.k.a. house fried rice). It was very tasty and not overly salty....yay!!! Remember kids you can add salt, but you can't take it out ;-) That's why God made soy sauce packets. My 1st bite transported me back to an old favorite spot my family frequented when I was a kid......ahhhhh memories :)2nd on the docket was chicken with broccoli (+ onion and carrot) and it too was delish and 'so fresh and so clean, clean' ^-^.Riddle me this why no duck sauce? I wonder what you put on your eggroll? Hmmmm.....must investigate that next.Overall, I am highly impressed and think you should be too. I give Hing Loon a high 5 today!
5	I love this place! When you have had a long day and just want food brought to you this place is the best! The moo shu is amazing with whichever meat you choose my favorite is the chicken. They also have a yummy sweet and sour sauce, not that generic metal tasting gross stuff that some people use. The delivery guy know me now because I order from here so often, and he is great too! He always puts up with my crazy little barking dogs and is so sweet and very polite. This place is worth the try!!
