1	The store, in itself, is pretty amazing. Some of the cheapest, most diverse produce in town, every kind of mexican or latin necessity (they stock no less than 5 brands of pickled jalapeno), a huge hot food counter and bakery with numerous tables to sit, large beer selection, cooking equipment, everything. It's well labeled in both english and espanol, easy to navigate, brightly lit. The parking lot can be a bit of a zoo as this location is ALWAYS hoppin'. But while I've only been acquainted with this chain for about 6 months... I've had some of the worst grocery-shoppy moments I've ever experienced in that short time. I just don't get what the deal is with the check out peeps! Mostly women, mostly latino, various ages - but I can't ever get anyone to talk to me, smile at me, make me feel welcome. It's a bummer, but not a deal breaker. When the woman who ran the line I had been standing in today decided that she couldn't check me out - was holding her nose, wouldn't look at me, was laughing and making faces - while two men in CF collared shirts who I have to assume were management blandly looked on - well, that certainly is. I asked her if she was ok - and she continued to giggle and comment to the girl she'd dragged over to check me out instead. Why would I give my money to a place that tolerates that kind of crap customer service? Someone needs to do a lot of diversity training, and fast. This, of course, is the same grocery chain that was successfully sued last year over discriminating against a deli worker based on his race. Come on, guys! Get it together!
2	Independence Blvd. has gone to the crapper in recent years and this former Harris-Teeter is the epitome of the downward spiral.  Don't get me wrong-I kinda like Compare Foods and I'm not one of those snobs who complains that a place is "ghetto" just because it operates in a low-income neighborhood.  Still, the atmosphere at this particular store trumps any redeeming qualities of the CF chain.You can count on this Compare Foods for quality produce and canned products from all over Latin America.  The buck stops there. There is a strange odor in the air that you don't smell at other stores.  The cashiers are curt and the shoppers are very aggresive here.  I've visited on several occasions and been solicited by panhandlers and nearly run over in the parking lot.  For some reason, they opened a  Compare Foods on Sharon Amity North that is a stark contrast from this bad boy.  No crowds, no funny odors, no panhandlers (I'm sure they're, just haven't run into them), no crazed drivers in the parking lot.  This tienda es muy terrible!  Unless you shop at TJ Maxx, avoid this shopping center all together!
4	Though there is still work to do, I have to give this location of Compare Foods a thumbs up.  They have an insane produce department.  Walter would be proud.  Heck, just about anyone would be proud.  Often there seems to be a whole truckload of day-workers in there, trimming new arrivals, cleaning bins, getting the section ready for (more) business.  Even better is that most speak solid English, and as far as I can tell, at least one other language.  They could be messing with me though, so I really cannot vouch for their ability to speak anything else.The rest of the store is huge, especially for an international-style market, and very well stocked.  You can get almost anything.  Even on the way in, you will find jewelery (unlike some, there is actually merchandise in the case), audio equipment, and most any sort of cooking equipment or utensil you might need.  It is just about like an indoor flea market.Aside from the produce section, one of the coolest features has to be the meat counter.  It is like an old-school butcher back there - the only difference being that you will find lots of flap meat (which is not, contrary to popular belief, anything like a back room in an adult bookstore) and plenty of marinated options.  Awesome.
4	Talk about CHEAP prices for produce and meats!! When you go in for the first time you are going to see some things you (probably) have never seen before for sale in a grocery store in North Carolina. And you're going to find specials on things like limes, for instance: 7/$1 or sometimes even 12/$1! (yes you read that right!). Cilantro bunches are 3/$0.99!! Everything is much cheaper but it's also shipped in (which is why you can get cool produce like a Jack Fruit). I wouldn't buy any beer here since it's overpriced, but pretty much everything else is a good buy! The manager/owner is always there, and he is so pleasant! The store is neat and clean, the cashiers are multilingual and helpful.
