5	Not all vets are created equal.When my first dog chose me over ten years ago, this is where we took him for his very first vet visit.  Since then, I haven't been able to find another vet that even comes close in terms of ability and service.  Not for lack of trying.  In those 10 years, I've moved around quite a bit, yet I always found myself back here...even when I lived in another state!  I can't even recall how many different vets we've visited, but I estimate at least 7 or 8.  Why did I change vets if I'm so high on Pecos Russell?  Convenience, because, well, living in another state really puts a damper on things.   Regardless, I've made and will continue to make the drive without complaint because I know my dogs are in good hands.  In fact, the reason I'm writing this review is because I took my oldest dog just recently.  The symptoms he displayed occur periodically and was diagnosed by an out-of-state vet a few years ago as some genetic defect.  After $800+ in lab work and x-rays, I learned...nothing.  They couldn't figure it out.  However, last year Dr. Paetz did a quick exam and said it was (drum roll please!): allergies.  So every year I pick up some doggy benadryl and voila! my pup is good to go.  I could have got bent over by Dr. Paetz and her team, but that's not how they roll here.  Just remember, not all vets are created equal.
5	Good place
5	Just great!  I have boarded my 3 dogs and cat here and they come home so happy and healthy it's like home away from home for them.  I am able to relax when my husband and I travel for work and can't take our fur-babies.  The staff is helpful and friendly and always ready to give me an update while we are away.
1	The vets are great but, Lauren at the front desk needs another job...she's a b----! Brought my dog in and vet was delightful but, forgot my Care Credit card! You'd a though I was some dead beat that came off the street. She embarrassed me in front of others in the waiting room by saying The we're to take my dog in the back as I didn't have funds to pay...which I did but wanted to use the credit as I don't get paid until next week! I will never go back after how rude, inconsiderate and unwilling to take my debit and then let me call her when I got home with the credit card. She wanted me to leave my pet go home and return....as a two time cancer survivor I am very tired by 3 pm....I just paid and will never return. I was treated rudely, and never would leave my baby with the Nazi Lauren. Good job Lauren you lost a client for the firm and I will tell everyone NOT to go there because of you! Didn't your parents teach you manners?
5	My entire family has been bringing our dogs here for over 20 years.The past 2 1/2 years have been full of dog drama for me, with three different dogs coming up with new and ingenious ways to hurt themselves or get sick. The doctors at Pecos Russell (all three of them!) have been an integral part of the amazing group of veterinarians that have helped me through the turmoil. They are the general practitioners that see us through the day to day issues that crop up in senior dogs.The staff are all wonderful, know us by name, and are personally invested in the well-being of my pets. When we've had particularly complicated cases that require specialists, they've always been anxious to hear updates and have been just as excited about our victories as we have been. They have stayed late for us and squeezed us in many times. All three vets have given us ways to contact them outside of the office in case of emergency, and I know they've been very generous with us as far as billing is concerned. There were times when we had to bring our dog in every other day for 4 or 5 weeks to have a blood test, and were only charged $12 each time for our visit with the doctor and the blood test. It was such an expensive time, that was really appreciated. They also work hard to coordinate with our specialists to make sure everyone is on the same page and that my dogs are receiving the best of care.Two of my babies have past away. One from an immune-mediated condition that she was never able to recover from, and the other from old age and a complicated set of events surrounding his kidneys that causes a seizure and probably a stroke. They worked so hard to try and help us, and when the inevitable eventually happened, they sent us the sweetest and most thoughtful cards, signed by everyone on the staff, with message from everyone that included personal details about my dog. It was so kind, and I'll save them forever.These guys will be my vets forever, and I can't recommend them enough!
