3	I drive home by this area nearly every day, so one particularly interesting day I decided I'd stop & have a drink :)This, ladies & gentlemen, is a bars bar. It's dim, serves only alcohol (food is for pansies) & the bar tender, although very nice & accomodating, could easily double as the bouncer. I went early on a weekday so there wasn't much of a crowd. I sat at the bar, sipped on a strong drink (chased it with a coke for good measuer, lol) & watched a game on one of their tvs & no one bothered me. Relaxing doesn't begin to cover it! The bartender filled me in on what they have available if I'd like to come back: DJ at night during weekendsOutside seatingI think I'll do that one of these days just to update my review ;)In all honesty, what I'd really like to do is stop by early again, bring a book & a snuggy & curl up in one of their booths to drink a stout drink while I read :D Yes, I would look like a freak, but this is the kind of place were no one would really give a damn! & if they did I would tattle to the bar tender, lol!  Love it :)
5	We ate here over the weekend and the the food was excellent. It has really come a long way, since the last time I had eaten here. It can keep up with the big dogs.... I recommend it highly!!!
4	This bar is a place for everyone young and old. Its an older bar with that old bar smell. My dad drank here when he was young, Ive drank here with my dad and Ive been here with my husband also. I cant remember this bar never being here. lol The crowd tends to be more on the "biker" side with a small mix of cowboys and flyboys thrown in (since Luke Air Force Base is right next door) but everyone is always welcome. Do not let the bikes parked out front scare you off. This place is full of nice people and the regulars that chill at the bar in the daytime.Theres alot going on out back of the bar but I never really ventured out there. If your looking for a fancy place just keep driving. If your looking to have a drink with some down to earth good people stop on in, you wont be disappointed. :)
5	I freaking love this place!  It is really l close to my house and it have $1 jello shots!!!  Need I say more.  They are open for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and nightlife.  The food isn't that good but the nightlife is really why people go.  They have a small dance floor and have karaoke and a DJ on certain nights.  Outside there is volleyball, basketball, life size beer pong, horseshoe, live bands, and corn-hole.  The drinks are all reasonably prized.  Most of the bar staff are really friendly and really want you to have a good time.
4	Great place to have a beer and some bar food. Occasionally has live music out back. Non pretentious hangout.
4	Went to this dive bar last night cause my cousins wanted to do some Sunday night Karaoke. The bar is close to the military base decorated with airplanes and platoon flags. They have several 50 cent pool tables, wifi and fun bar games such as horseshoes,darts, electronic bowling, etc. The drinks are cheap here, we ordered a lot, at a normal bar the tab would have been twice as much. Good place to chill with friends and surprisingly the karaoke wasn't as horrible as you would expect. I would definitely return if I lived closer because I love dives. My cousin ordered the steak sandwich, it came on buttermilk toast - I'd just stick to the fries in the future...
5	I'm not a fan of the club scene, so this was the perfect place. It's a bit of a dive (a plus in my book) but there is plenty of seating and SO much to do--pool, darts, volleyball, ping pong, people-watching. Even kids can get in on the action with the HUGE back patio. Prices are good and the service is great as well!
5	I came here on a Saturday afternoon for some Bloody Mary's with a friend. This place is a nice dive bar and surprisingly large in size. Perfect if you want to bring a group and host an event. They have beach volley ball in the back along with another bar. The crowd here comes in a variety as well, it's not like your walking down Mill. Can't wait to come back!
5	This bar rocks.  Live Music every weekend.  Awsome Dj inside.  sat outside with a beautiful bartender lucy.  Heat lamps were blazing the fire place cranking out heat and a great band. We played LIVE DARTS 2 which is awsome.  Pool league on friday is a blast and the people are great.  They offer the UFC fights with no cover.  The front bar was quick and friendly and always smiling.  I know every monday is Miltary Mondays the bar really takes care of the military.  We have been here several times on bike nights which is every thursday.  I got to say we meet the nices guys there that night.  The bar is a friendly clean awsome bar and would reccomend this bar to anyone living on the west side.
4	Really cool bar right by Luke Air Force base. I love the outside entertainment here! The inside is a bit congested however that usually don't take away any of the fun associated with this place. I really like the theme in doors with all the planes hanging from the ceilings. Very cool!
5	There's a full-sized sand volleyball court, half a basketball court, and some huge tin trash cans to play a larger-than-life game of beer pong. The outdoor seating is just that HUGE. Indoor is comfy, too, with a killer sound system and nice A/C. Bartenders are way nice. Shots and mixed drinks were all like $5. Yes, it's in the middle of nowhere, but this bar kicks ass. Drive the extra 10-15 minutes from Westgate and have a blast.
5	Awesome bar. Come on the weekend for two totally different atmospheres and good specials. They have life size beer pong, outdoor bar, volleyball, horseshoes, corn hole and basketball. Something for everyone! They also have jumbo outdoor air conditioners for hot days. Overall my favorite hangout.
5	I love this place! They have an outdoor band and inside DJ! For a night out of dancing this is where we go with our friends!
3	It's a Friday night....can you please play something from the twentieth century....this guy. We have requested multiple songs to dance too and nope..nothing. He is old and out of fuck** date. We sure has hell will dance to a lot of stuff but this guy has repeated his songs within the last 2hrs..has a good song ever now and then yet will follow thru with a song from grease...WHAT...I need to be incoherent to not give a hell...and I've been trying!!! Other than that, ppl and bar staff are great here!
4	Awesome place just to kick back and have a good time. Friendly staff and plenty of entertainment. Always my go to and by far my favorite dive bar around here. Good cheap drinks and always something going on.
1	My Sister was ROOFIED here! The owner REFUSED to  check the surveillance cameras!  Go at your own risk! NEVER leave your drinks unattended.
