5	Enrique our vet here is amazing. He cut us a deal and helped our pet chickens. Good care was taken and he even liked our girls!
5	I love it here, and even though I'm moving across town soon, I will always continue to bring my pet cat here.  The vet is wonderful.  He's very honest and you can tell that he really loves animals.  The woman who runs the front desk is very polite and always on top of things.  They were also considerate of my financial situation and didn't try to sell me vaccines that my cat didn't need.  They were very up front about pricing.  I love it here and I'm so glad I found this place.  I trust my kitty in their hands :)
4	Clean.  No nasty smells.  Dr. Cruz friendly as well as staff.  Transparent and upfront pricing.
5	Thankfully I have not had to go here often, but when I do it is a good experience.   They are very honest and up front about costs and options.  Last minute appointments are never a problem.
2	After getting my first dog from the pound (Mr. Watson, the monocle-wearing schnauzer miz) I had a voucher for a free vet visit on the City as part of the deal. This place is right in the middle of my hood, so naturally we took the wee pup here for his first visit. We called ahead of time to make an appointment and clarify that the voucher was good for one free visit and were given the all clear. So thermometers were inserted in very awkward places and our little pup was weighed, measured, and found to be totally awesome. End of vet visit we're presented with a bill for 40 some odd bucks.After some pretty heavy complaining that, "WTF, mate? That's not what you said on the phone," they waived the initial visitation fee and let us go on our merry way. I've cross checked the prices here with other vets to get the little booger vaccinated and sure enough, they charged for the vet visit in addition to the vaccination fees. Go to Blue Cross Animal Clinic down the street and they'll charge you the flat fee for the vaccine, no office visit or nothin'. Sure beats the crappy clinic at Petsmart too, where they charge the same straight fee for the vaccines and waive the vet visit. I do like that I'm still on their mailing list though, and get my yearly check-up reminder for my little pupperoni.
4	My pet and I love the staff here. We've been going since before they moved. They are always good about explaining exactly what is going on and all the options for taking care of it. They are very concerned with how the pets are, they even called after her surgery a couple different times to check up on my dog! My pup loves them because she gets treats and affection from everyone she sees. That being said, the new local has horrible parking. The a/c isn't as effective as it should be so it can get kind of uncomfortable if you have a long visit in the room facing the sun in the summer. And the last time I was in was the first time I ever felt like they were trying to sell me stuff I wasn't sure if I needed yet. I'm wondering if they are having some financial hardships? I will continue to go there because  we've been to other vets and this is the best my pup has been cared for. The good defiantly outweighs the bad!
3	I am giving three stars because my dog actually likes going to this vet. The staff is very good with her and I don't have to deal with a traumatized pup when I take her home. I, on the other hand, always feel very mad when I get home. The bill is always at least a hundred dollars more than quoted and when I look over the bill when I get home I notice that something (such as when I asked for a three year rabies shot and they give her a one year) is missing. I bought my first puppy about 9 months ago. Being the inexperienced pet owner I brought her to the closest vet...this place. At first I just thought that it was expensive because she was a puppy and expected it would be pricey. I later found out from friends and coworkers that most vets have puppy packages that reduce the cost. I was spending at least $150 a visit because they were charging for a vet visit along with the exam (I didn't know this was unnecessary) and always had me bringing in a stool samples (every three weeks) to check for parasites. I later learned that I shouldn't be checking for parasites after the initial visit until well after she was vaccinated. On one visit Dr. Cruz even suggested vaginal reconstructive surgery (really??!), my boyfriend was there for that one and told me I was being made a fool of. I didn't find out that I was paying way too much until after she was past her puppy shots and thought that the expense was basically done with except the yearly exam. My most recent visit finally pushed me over the edge. I took my dog in to get her heart worm test and bordatella vaccine but also asked to speak to the Dr because she had stopped eating. We had just come home from a vacation and the sitter had said she was upset. He brought in an estimate (after I had already crossed out a lot of unnecessary recommendations at the front desk) of $460! The blood tests were $200. I told him I couldn't afford this and he suggested I just test her for the Tick Fever and Valley Fever. I declined. While paying, the assistant told me that the test for the heart worms also tested for Tick Fever and Valley Fever and all was negative. Really?!! He was suggesting I pay more for tests that were already being performed in a test that I had her in for to begin with?! To top it off, when I got home I realized they either didn't charge me for her bordatella or didn't give it to her... Anyway, I am in the market for a new vet....
5	Our vet, Dr. Cruz is amazing. My sweet, shy Dulchis has been going here for her whole life of 3 years. I've gone to other vets with my friends and their pets, and I've never been tempted to change doctors. The staff are friendly, I'm able to get appointments without much wait, and the office is clean. Dr. Cruz spends about 30-45 minutes each visit literally with his hands examining my pooch, and for that, it's difficult to contest being charged for both an office visit and a physical exam (total: $ 25 each, $50 for both). Because of the lengthy visits, I'm able to make sure that I discuss every concern, and ask every question, as my ADD mind rambles a bit. Dr. Cruz listens to everything that I have to say, and is always fully present. My friends vets barely even touch their pets, and seem pressed for time. My normally shy Shih Tzu is very comfortable with the Dr. and the staff. Dr. Cruz always explains options, and why, then he leaves the room, and another staff comes in to go over how much everything will cost, and *I* choose what the treatment will be. Everything is very clearly laid out, complete with prices, and thanks to Dr. Cruz, I can make a very informed decision. For example, when Dulchis had a UTI, they suggested Xrays and some other crazy stuff to make sure that it wasn't anything more than just a UTI, but I declined, opting instead to take a wait and see approach after antibiotics, and it turned out that it was just a UTI. The staff never made me feel bad for declining, and I felt really empowered that I had a voice in the treatment of my pet, and control over my wallet. My friends vets just say, "O.k., we are going to do this..", and that's it, and you are the one stuck paying. Not at Camelback Animal Hospital. I really like this place, and I recommend them to everyone!
5	Okay,so all my life I've wanted a little black cat.No little black cat had adopted me....Up until last week.So,I bring home said little black cat and he develops eye mung.You know,the mung that is full of icch and needs some anti mung tx.I get a call from this clinic offering me a free post adoption follow up visit.When I adopted the little black cat,I was told this would be available to me.So,I make an appointment...A SAME DAY appointment.I go.Staff really nice,warm,welcoming,down to earth and friendly.Now do I know nothing is "free"?Sure I do.I know while they may waive the office visit,I'm going to pay for whatever tx the little black cat needs.I know the last time I dealt with cat eye mung,the anti mung goop was about 12 clams.Well,this anti mung free trip cost me 75 simoleans...BUT....It was well worth it in my opinion.Same day appointment.Check.Friendly staff.Check.Clean enviroment.Check.Dr.very patient and genuine.Check.Aggressive tx that completely knocked out the cat eye mung in 24 hours.CHECK.So,no goop.Injection of anti mung.Anti mung eye drops.Liquid suspension anti mung oral meds.75 bucks.No pink eye going around the house?Priceless.Oh and PS on their website,they offer a free visit to all new patients if they mention they saw that on their website.As long as you go with the understanding that nothing is free,you're ahead of the game.Yeah,I'd go back.
5	12 hours before my flight, my Boxer jumped through a plate glass window and ended up with a bad laceration on her front leg. At my sister's suggestion, I drove to her vet (Dr. Cruz) and arrived 15 minutes before closing time. Not only did he take his time with us, he offered to keep my baby all weekend because he knew I had to fly out first thing in the morning. His prices were upfront and competitive, and he took great care of my princess for the entire 4 days I was gone. I appreciated that he didn't rush us, and even more appreciative that he didn't "price gouge" us for emergency services. He even tried to find us the cheapest route possible by bundling services and providing discounts. Dr. Cruz was just amazing, and I will definitely be returning with all of my pets!
5	After shopping around for the right Vet, we finally came across this office! Dr. Cruz truly cares for every pet that walks into his office! He spent 45 min with me and my pup, examining him from head to tail.  He explained and talked with me about what he sees and hears, and gave me his knowledgable input. (Trust me, it was helpful, especially since the last vet practically made feel like an idiot for even bringing my puppy) So needless to say, I finally found a vet that truly cares and gives his all in treating and caring for all of his "patients" =)
1	Enough is enough. We had our third appointment for our pup at 3pm on sat which was originally arranged on fri. They asked us if we can change the date. It was not a big deal until they stood us up. We were at the doorstep for 15 mins. Nobody was there. No phone call or a notice to inform us. And we were not the only client waiting outside. It was not cool outside in June. Bad business!!
1	I took my cat for a nail trim and I showed her the best way to hold her.  The nurse while holding her told me off saying that if there were dogs there that would not be safe for the staff.  There were no pets there but with her holding my cat I said nothing.  She took my cat back to the room and I heard her meowing sort of normal but then I heard her screaming which is very unusual for her so I ran back there and saw one tech on the phone and the nurse with a towel over my cat.  My cat did not know I was there but the nurse said that I was upsetting my cat.  Again, I said nothing because my cat was in her care.  Dr. Cruz came was behind me and intervened so I felt more comfortable.  One male asst came back and told me that it was normal for a cat to act that way.  Then Dr. Cruz came and told me about cats meowing when they get a nail trim.  I have had my cat's nails trimmed for years and I know her normal meow but not screaming plus I saw the jar of stuff they use when they cut nails too short.  What I think happened was they cut her nails way too short and hurt her thus her screaming meows.  I am so upset that I subjected my cat in this manner.  Never again will I go there!
