5	I just returned from this great little coffee shop.  The owner, Paul, was very welcoming and we chatted a moment about his home country Australia while he whipped up my 20oz latte. If you've never been to Latta Arcade/ Brevard Court, it is a quirky hidden gem in Uptown Charlotte. I've lived here 13 years and only found this place when I moved uptown last year.  It feels like you've stumbled across a European courtyard with its multiple pubs and restaurants. The thing it was missing was a coffee shop, and Rush Espresso has filled the gap. All the restaurants here have outdoor seating and are dog friendly.  It is a great place to get your morning jolt and do a little people watching.
5	Best espresso in the middle of uptown. Owner Paul is passionate about his espresso and customers.
5	Lavazza coffee!!!!  A favorite brand of coffee preferred by Italians and me!  It's the only place I've found to far that serves it in Charlotte. The owner is a very friendly Australian with a pleasant doubting accent, which you're bound to hear as he greets everyone.Coffee, perfect for after lunch or dinner.
5	Solid espresso bar; quiet in the morning and busier when games are on at the stadiums nearby. Have everything Starbucks does plus a little Aussie spirit!
1	Well I didn't get a chance to go in because it was CLOSED on a SUNDAY at 10AM. No sign saying we'll be back, or closed for the day or anything. Just lights out. I was visiting Charlotte and looking for a local coffee shop. Disappointed I wasted time walking around the city to find a coffee shop closed on a Sunday.
5	Tiny little cafe perfectly placed in Latta Arcade. European cafe vibe. Only place in Charlotte I found that serves this Italian brand coffee- Lavazza. Very limited seating. It's as close to a strong Cuban cafe con leche as I can find in Uptown. The have almond milk as a milk alternative. Delicious pastries.PS- one of the baristas has a Down Under accent. Love it! Every barista that I've come across have been awesome. Very well run small business!
5	I love this coffee and service. The croissants (ham/cheese and blueberry) are my favorite. Every cup I get tastes great. I seriously do not go to any other coffee shops unless I am in a bind. Rush Espresso has spoiled me rotten.
