3	I give this hotel 3.5 stars.  I never got the chance to check out the exercise room (though it looked huge), the swimming pool, or Bigelow Grill.  I stayed in a queen suite and it was pretty nice and spacious.  The beds were comfy with soft pillows.  I like the water pressure in the bathroom.  The bathtub was a little small but it was okay to take a bath in.  I ordered room service.  I had hamburger and fries and everything came out to be almost $20 but what do you expect?  The location is pretty nice.  It's close to the financial area and the Mellon arena and sporting places.  It's about 3 miles or less from the Strip District, South Side, and Station Square.  The front desk was accomodating. They driver of they hotel shuttle was also friendly and helpful.  All in all not a bad experience.  Oh and when I was there, I heard that David Spade and the crew of Myth Busters were there too!  I love them!
5	The Doubletree has been my home for the past year during my business travel to Pittsburgh (Mon-Thu, every week). This is my "where everyone knows your name" place. Besides being my home away from home, it is an excellent hotel. It can be pricey depending on the availability, but that's not a problem if you're on an expense-paid trip.Useful Information:1- With the hotel stay you have access to the Downtown Athletic Club, which is located within the hotel.2- Some rooms have a micro-fridge. You can put in a request for one beforehand if you'd like.3- Apartment style rooms with clean linens and neutrogena toiletries.4- Parking is not included and is $20/weekday, $18/weekend day (2008).5- Bigelow Grille is the restaurant in the hotel, and is an actual downtown Pittsburgh restaurant. Decent restaurant with $20-30 entrees.6- Hilton elites get breakfast coupons for the Bigelow Grille (great value).7- Shuttle service get you to most popular locations (Southside, Downtown Attractions, Baseball Stadium, etc.) 8- 7-11 convenience store also connected to the hotel. 9- Location is walking distance to Benedum Center (12 mins), PNC Park (20 mins), Mellon Arena (4 mins), Heinz Hall (15 mins).10- Amazingly friendly staff - they are the cream of the crop! Everyone from the Valet Parking attendants to the Front Desk staff are professional and respectful.5 stars, for sure! It's everything you want in a good quality hotel.
3	****3.75****I only stayed here two nights, and didn't get to really enjoy all that the hotel has to offer because of work. Check-in was a breeze and the staff was friendly and professional. I have to say that the room itself was really nice and the bed was very comfortable.  I like that their bathroom toiletries went beyond the standard bar of soap, shampoo, conditioner and lotion.  It also included a Neutrogena bath gel, foaming face wash, shoe shine cloth, shower cap and a sewing kit.  Another plus, their TV has a sleep timer! heheheTheir room service is provided by the Bigelow Grill.  I ordered a Cobb Salad from there that was awesome, loaded with bacon, egg and avocado.  I was trying to eat "healthier" since earlier I clogged my arteries with a huge hoagie.  Although the salad was great and very filling, I think it was a bit too expensive, $18 for a salad?!  And if you order room service they automatically charge you a 15% tip.  So I was charge $30 for a salad and a drink.  For that much you can find a few other places within walking distance that will fill you up for much less.Finally, the location of the hotel is pretty convenient.  It's within walking distance to various stadiums etc (PNC park, Heinz Hall, Mellon arena)
4	First things first...the quality of the beds...very, very comfortable beds with soft sheets and 4 fluffy pillows.  Unlike some other hotels that give you 2 crap pillows and 2 good ones, the Doubletree gives you 4 great pillows!  Internet service in the business center is very slow.  But at least they give you access to a color printer and they don't charge you for using the computer and printer.  The valet parkers are virtually non-existent after hours.  There is a sign outside the hotel that says to come inside for valet parking assistance.  Doesn't that defeat the purpose of valet service?  They should be waiting inside the door, watching for cars to pull up!
3	If the Doubletree was not located in downtown Pittsburgh, I'd give it five stars. The cons?-The hotel rooms seemed a tad dated... old chunky televisions, no mini fridge. -The shower pressure was AWFUL! It kept sputtering in an out. -The valet parking requires you to hold on to the paper receipt you receive upon checking in to get your car. With most things paperless, it required a conscious effort to remember your parking pass. The pros? -How can you not love a hotel that presents you with warm chocolate chip cookies upon arrival? -The guy who checked me in was extremely friendly and helpful.-The bed was extremely comfortable with four fluffy pillows-The Neutrogena toiletries were great. I've never seen a hotel provide sunscreen, and most neglect to give you conditioner. The Doubletree gave both!
3	I'm giving it the 3 star "A-OK" but not great yelp review.  I've been staying in a suite which is basically the size of a NYC 1-bedroom apartment.  The separate room is nice.  The suite area is decorated with mis-matched late-90's furniture.  The TVs are big ass (no flat screens here) and the remotes are those early 90's-suck ass remotes.  I do have a fridge.  I do have a microwave.  I do have a bathroom.  I do have complimentary wi-fi.  OH! complimentary wi-fi.  I tell you, every single fucking hotel that charges more than $100 should simply include wi-fi, and fuck this $5.95/day crap.  Oh, that irks me.  So the hotel needs updating, no one offered to help me with my bags on the way in (though I was offered assistance on my second trip in), the bathroom is sucky...hello, bathfitters...and it's in the worst location in downtown pitty (on the far end of the offices) unless you're going to Mellon Arena.  I FORGOT!!! The fitness facility has shitty treadmills, so I've been running hilly downtown.
5	We were pleasantly surprised upon opening the door to our room. Thought we just booked a room with a queen bed and it turned out to be a suite with a living room, fridge and a microwave.Very comfortable bed, great cookies from the front desk.As we drove, it was a little difficult to navigate around the building to find where to park and then where to check in. The concierge was very helpful at giving us directions and advice on our destinations around the city.They offered a free shuttle that took us to dinner and picked us up. No cab fare!Staff was super friendly.Great free breakfast in the am with a waitress and a full buffet of hot food and other standard breakfast fare, plus an omelet bar.For what we paid, it was way beyond what I expected. Would stay again. Would live there if I could.
4	This hotel was really nice!  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  A free shuttle will pretty much take you anywhere you want to go and come bring you back.  This was a major plus.   The room was nice, a bit small. but in good shape.  The parking is $20. We were planning on leaving early in the morning, We parking on the street at a meter, got up in the AM and fed it, and parking was a total of 50 cents!
4	Got this through priceline for $125/night. It was worth it. Looks recently redone and found the staff exceedingly friendly. We had just come from 4 nights at a Holiday Inn in Westlake, Ohio where the rooms were shoddy and the staff weren't friendly, so the contrast was greatly appreciated.When I got there I learned that when you book on priceline they almost always book you a room with two double beds (fulls). I really wanted a queen or king but they were totally booked due to a nearby Paul McCartney concert. However, the manager offered us the handicap room, which does have a king, and upgraded us at no cost. Very cool. You also get a hot cookie when you check in. Nice touch.We also had drinks in the bar, which is a pretty crowded space. Try to avoid this, as the drinks were very pricey.
4	Nice accommodations. Friendly & helpful staff. Beds too firm for my liking. Waking up stiff and achy. COOKIES! WARM COOKIES - WHENEVER YOU WANT THEM!!!  Why nobody told us this until our next-to-last day is unconscionable!!!They were nice enough to give us an in-room fridge to store our Potent Potables, and room service was prompt and yummy, and not too ridiculously priced.The hotel is centrally located, and as others have mentioned, the shuttle is there. MOST of the time. Except after about 10:00 on a game night (Pirates).
4	Very nice hotel.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgable of the surrounding areas.  Our room was ready for us as soon as we arrived at the hotel at 10 in the morning and we got a free cookie.  The room had a great view of the Igloo.  What I didnt like about it was I could not figure out the energy saving card.  Im all for saving the enviroment but make it easy to understand.  I ended up not using it.
5	Ok tip of the day---USE HOTWIRE.COM. I was a little iffy at first. I normally like to know what I am buying before I buy. This is not the case with hotwire. You have to pay for the nonrefundable room then they tell you what hotel you just spent your money on. But it was totally worth the risk! We got a room at the DoubleTree in downtown Pittsburgh for a weekend getaway. The hotel is awesome. It was super clean, trendy, and had a great staff. And the moment you check in you get a warm chocolate chip cookie. The woman at the front desk had a smile on her face from the time we checked in at 3 pm to the time last time we saw her coming in from a show at 10:45. She upgraded our room to the King Suite. It was a beautiful room. Huge. And I did my routine Hotel Bed Bug Inspection and all was clear. The bathroom was a little small. But the weird thing was- There was only one mirror in the whole place...in the bathroom. Next time you go into a hotel count the number of mirrors. There are always two aren't there?This hotel is great for tourists. There is a free shuttle that runs anywhere downtown until 10:30. The driver of the shuttle was great. Although his shift was supposed to end at 10:30, he agreed to pick us up after our show at 10:30. What I will say is that the parking is a little expensive but it makes things easy to just pay the 18 dollars and forget about it.
5	Top notch
3	Confession time- I have been known to choose Doubletree just to get the check-in cookie. That aside, we had a pretty good experience here. Our room was huge, we were in a corner and didn't hear a peep from our neighbors, and it was clean. My only quibble with the room was that they use a bedspread still (promptly removed by me). I think the rest of the world in their price range uses duvet covers. The hotel shows its age a bit and could use a little updating. We had a rather alarming experience upon check-in. We got to our room to find it already occupied! Oops. The desk clerk apologized profusely, and when we got back to our room later, we had two vouchers for the breakfast buffet. Nice touch.
3	A good standard hotel. The lobby looks swank but the rooms are in need of a small bit of updating. I appreciate the free internet but the gym is thoroughly inadequate. I need more than two machines to work out on.
2	Alright DoubleTree, let's keep it real. It appears you may have been recently renovated - but it looks kind of like maybe it was done in a rush (read: shoddy work), your plumbing is simply horrible - my sink doesn't drain, the bathtub filled to my calves while showering (yes, with the drain OPEN), and the maintenance man had to come unclog the toilet last night - seriously, and when I arrived yesterday evening (around 7pm) you gave me a barely warm stale cookie. :(I love DoubleTree hotels, but what was up with this visit? You must have sensed that I'm a Cleveland Browns fan.Some helpful hints: 1. The hotel parking is around the side of the building (on the left if you're facing the front), it's a garage but it's valet only ($22/night on weeknights and $20/night on weekends, if I'm not mistaken).2. This hotel is about a six minute walk to Market Square... where you can find some good grub (NOLA, Las Velas, Chipotle, or the classic Primanti Bros. to name a few).3. If you need something quick, there's a 7/11 attached to the building and a Dunkin Donuts and Qdoba across the street. 4. The double beds are tiny (& about as soft as a cot), so request a King if you're coming as a couple.5. They give you a key to plug into the wall that turns on the room's electricity - so they're environmentally friendly (or cost conscious perhaps)!6. The fitness center is open 24 hours - & includes weight machines, floor mats, ellipticals, stationary bikes, and treadmills.7. Flat screen TVs in the guest rooms are a nice touch. The $16.99 they wanted me to pay just to watch Bridesmaids, not so much.8. The staff was super friendly and was more than happy to accommodate my late check out (1:30pm) request.9. Complimentary Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel. 10. There is a shuttle available that services the Downtown Pittsburgh area on a first-come-first-serve basis.While I wasn't impressed - I'll be back for the cookies.
3	Stayed here many times over the years.  I am a Hilton Diamond Member.  It needs to be updated!  The bathroom sink is very small.  The exercise room is decent; not sure about the complaint another person gave.  There are 3 elliptical machines, several treadmills and bicycles with Individual TV's.  They actually fixed them so you now get many cable stations.  There are weights and a few basic nautilus machines. They also have a pool but it closes at 10PMThey need a better restaurant.  Why the Bigelow Grill gets 4 starts is beyond me.  It is very unusual.  I don't wants beets or unidentifiable vegetables with my meals.  Give me Broccoli or Green Beans.  I wish they would add a 2nd restaurant if they want to keep it.   They also need to create a lounge like most other Hilton properties.  I do have to say the cookies are good and it is nice to have a van (if you get lucky) to take you to restaurants.  They usually only have 1 running and it can sometimes take a long time to get a ride or picked-up after eating.  $22 for Valet is Pricey but again you are downtown.
4	Two things:1. Warm cookies in the lobby (gooey chocolate chips will always win me over)2. Hot-WIRE!Okay, so we paid about 1/3 the price this place goes for if you book direct so I'm a bit biased but hey, we ended up with a suite (bedroom and living room) right in the heart of Pittsburgh. The parking was valet and added an extra $20 a day onto the price, but it was still a steal. The good:1. Really nice helpful staff.2. Really soft cheats.3. Big room.4. Clean, new bathrooms.5. Location, location, location.The bad:1. Sink drain didn't drain very well2. Two of the four elevators weren't working3. The internet in the business room was slow to the point of being useless and there is no wi-fiThey offer room service and have a nice restaurant attached called Bigelow Grille but no complimentary breakfast.
2	My flight got in very late, so I checked in around 1AM. Strangely, I still had to wait in line, even though there was a second check-in person available. I had an early morning interview the next day, so I asked about taxis, and was told there would be one waiting for me at 7:45 AM. The room was comfortable and clean, but as other reviewers have pointed out, the hotel is showing its age. Bathroom was small and had little counter space, but there was a large counter outside the bathroom. Sink and shower drains were very slow. All in all, the room was fine, though.I don't usually order room service, but because I had the early interview and knew I wouldn't have time to run out in search of breakfast, I ordered room service for 7AM by hanging the card on the outside doorknob. The card said to hang before 2AM, and I hung mine around 1:30AM. I woke up in the morning to find a useless USA Today sitting outside my door, but the card was still there. Needless to say, breakfast never came.I made it downstairs at 7:45 to find no taxi. I asked at the front desk, and they told me there was another person also waiting for a taxi to the same place, so we could share. I found this person, and it turns out she had been waiting since 7:30. A taxi pulled up and we told her where we were going, but the driver mumbled something about not wanting to go there and drove off. We were almost late for the interview because it took a long time for the hotel staff to get another taxi there. So, if you need a taxi from this hotel, you might want to look into reputable companies on your own or just leave plenty of time!Perk--there was a free shuttle downtown, and I was able to take it to the Megabus stop which was nice, since the weather was terrible. The driver was very nice.All in all, I'm glad I got a great deal through Hotwire. It is probably not worth whatever the hotel normally charges for a room.
4	My boyfriend and I stay at this hotel every time we go to a Pittsburgh Penguins game for two reasons, 1. we can walk to the consol energy center 2. the cookies :)The service at this hotel is great. Last time we were here we extended our stay and without us even asking they gave us the same rate we paid the first night even though it went up about $50! The room service is really cool, maybe i'm behind the times but we put a little door hanger out the night before and they brought us breakfast in the morning. The only annoying thing was that people in the room next door liked to slam their door early in the morning, not anyone's fault at the hotel. Clean, cozy and great. Will definitely stay again.
5	Stayed in Pittsburgh for 3 nights.  The room was awesome!  Got a suite on Expedia for $180 a night.  Large living room, huge closets, large bedroom, bit of a tiny bathroom.  The room was very clean, very livable.Parking was $20 a day, valet.  Really not awful.  There is a 7-11 attached to the hotel, which was very convenient.  They have a restaurant (Bigelow Grill see my review), which wasn't great.  The hotel is downtown and not far from many attractions.  The convention center is about 4 blocks away, the Consol Center is about 2 blocks, it's a 10 minute walk to the Strip.  They also have an extremely convenient shuttle.  The shuttle is free and takes people on a first come, first serve basis to many of the local areas.  We took it to the Strip, Science Center, Station Square and Hofbrau.Everyone was very nice and this was one place I'd love to come back to.
3	3.5 stars, really. It's above "A-OK," but I couldn't quite say "I'm a fan."My boyfriend and I were in town for a friend's wedding and originally booked a hotel in Oakland, since our friend had reserved a block of rooms there. But we hopped onto Hotwire just to see what else was available, and the Doubletree ended up saving us $50 a night. That made it a winner right away.The Doubletree is conveniently located downtown, with a lot of things within walking distance. In fact, we decided to take in a Penguins game just because the new arena was so close. We also dropped into a couple stores, had lunch at Market Square, and visited the Toonseum.Generally speaking, this Doubletree lived up to our expectations of the brand. The staff was friendly, the hotel was clean and bright, and we were given warm chocolate chip cookies upon check-in. Our room was spacious and comfortable, and the free wifi worked well. On the first night we did notice the thin walls, as other reviews have mentioned, but we both managed to fall asleep, and the second night we didn't really hear anything.My only beef with the hotel was with the parking situation. To be clear, the valet is reasonably priced, and service was always quick enough. But the hotel doesn't have a driveway! You have to pull in to the garage, which is hard to find/access if you're not familiar with the area. We passed the hotel twice the first time we tried to find it, and then circled once to find the entrance.Besides that, though, we were happy with our stay and wouldn't hesitate to book here again.
4	They reel you in with the cookie.When you check into a Doubletree, they always offer you a warm cookie.  Who can resist a warm cookie.  Not this guy!However, the cookie only goes so far.  Luckily, this location backs up the promise of the cookie by providing great service in a convenient location.I've stayed here several times over the past few years and have consistently good experiences.  Location is great...everything downtown is within a 15-20 minute walk and you can always take the subway/trolley system if you're going farther afield.The rooms are decent sized with a dressing area, a desk area and a large bedroom.  A free shuttle service is available to downtown locations and places like Station Square.  They have a restaurant (decent) and a 7-11 (super convenient) right in the building.  They keep the whole place very clean.  My room was spotless, the gym was very clean, the business center was tidy and well organized.  They really focus on the details. They may start with a cookie but they follow through with great service.
3	The cookies aren't that great, sorry. I can hear the people down the hall banging each other's brains out. Kinda gross. The shuttle service is cool. Location is O.K.It's only day 1 so we'll see.
1	I went to the Doubletree for an overnight. Room was a decent size. Valet attendants were very friendly but for $24/night I'd rather park overnight in a parking garage nearby for a lot cheaper. The morning of checkout I noticed there were literally hundreds of ants on the carpet near one of the trashcans as well as the trashcan itself. We hadn't put any open food in the trash, and, even if we did I wouldn't expect ants. I put the wastebasket in the hallway and tried to kill the others on the carpet. I then called the front desk asking if they could send someone up to our room to address the ant issue. No one came up. In the meantime we noticed more ants on the dresser that the TV was sitting, the nightstand and in the bathroom. At that point we decided it was time to go rather than hanging around in the room.We decided to check-out downstairs and talk to someone about the ants. I mentioned to an employee what transpired and they just said "sorry about that" and proceeded to check us out. I wasn't expecting a free night but would expect something due to their inaction to the problem.I definitely will not be returning.
4	They have been updating the rooms.  Started on 19 and are working downward.  Breakfast bufftet is great including the omelette station and always has fresh fruit.  Also have pancakes, french toast, bacon, sausage, oatmeal and lots of bread and pastries.   Very friendly servers.  It helps that I am a diamond otherwise the buffet is almost $20 (pricey!).  First hotel that I have seen that have managers by the elevators in the morning greeting people coming down the elevators and calling elevators for people going up them.  All the employees are very friendly.
3	A fellowship I have that requires a lot of travel often books hotels with Doubletree. I always look forward to the free cookies upon check in (although, now that I am a Doubletree cookie connoisseur, I found the ones at this hotel a bit crunchy and overbaked). Hotel was clean and pleasant. They had plenty of fruit and vegetables at their hotel catered meals (often not the case at other hotels), and the cakes were very good for hotel food. The gluten free members of our group seemed underwhelmed by their options (e.g. plain dry chicken breast w/o sides), but those of us without food restrictions seemed happy. Wifi access was good here, both in conference rooms and regular rooms.
3	Overall this is a decent hotel to stay while visiting downtown. Once the hotel is located and parking is figured out, it's conveniently located. I enjoyed the 18th floor view. The room was fine, rather plain. Parking varies. On a wkend w/o sporting events, check out parking 'up the hill'. It's two blocks away, well lit and seemed safe, $7/day. No attendants on wkends w/o events. Eat up the yummy cookies!
4	I'm typically a fan of Doubletree hotels. I mean, who doesn't like a warm cookie upon check-in? This location was pretty good - just a block away from a public transit station, walking distance to the bus line, and also a short walk to all of the downtown area. Not only did we walk to the market place area, we even walked all the way to PNC Park & back after the game without hurt feet. The restaurant within the hotel, the Bigelow Cafe, was pretty good and willing to take us for a full meal at 9:30pm, despite closing at 10pm. The rooms were clean, modern, and included free wifi. I'd stay here again.
3	The Doubletree was our hotel destination for Saturday night of our weekend in Pittsburgh. There were several bonuses when we got there and that is a chocolate chip cookie and the fact that they had some open rooms so we were able to check in early. If hadn't been able too, we were assured that our bags would be safe in our car which put my mind at ease.  Check-in was easy and we went upstairs to what we thought was our room. When we got upstairs, our keys wouldn't work and someone was in the room. Eek! So we went back downstairs and notified the front desk of the mistake. They were very apologetic and comped our breakfast in the restaurant as an apology. They switched our rooms and assured us that this was a rare mistake. Once we got settled in our new room, we decided to explore the city and inquired about the shuttle. We explored downtown some and took the shuttle to the Strip District. Our shuttle bus driver also told us about the T station so we took his advice and rode it over to the ball game later on that night. He assured us that it was very clean and safe (which is was) so we were thankful for that tip.After the game we decided to have a drink at the bar before retiring for the night. The bar wasn't too packed and no one seated us so we grabbed a table for two. We waited around 10-15 minutes before someone came by and offered to get our drinks. My boyfriend had already gotten up before that to ask the bartender for a wine menu. We had the same slower service the next morning at breakfast. We were seated right away by the hostess but probably waited 10 minutes before we were offered a drink or the option to go ahead and get the buffet. I wouldn't necessarily say I was a huge fan but if we visit Pittsburgh again, we may stay and hope the service is better.
2	Total dissapointment.  We stayed for a weekend in pittsburh for our anniversary.  We picked this hotel for its location.  Maybe its just me ~~but Im a grown adult and NOT thrilled about a cookie!  If you want to greet weary travellers how about an adult beverage or at least a choice.  It was a burnt, cold cookie and we thew them away.  The bathtub would not hold water.  The remote for the TV didnt work and when we called the front desk they sent a man who spoke very broken english to help.  Also the room next door had a huge group of girls staying for a wedding that were incredibly loud and noisy.....beyond rude!!  The bathroom was the size of a phone booth and had no exhaust fan...really hard to shower.The bed was very clean and very comfortable.  We had a king size bed on the sixteenth floor. Also the shower head had great pressure and plenty of hot water. The sirensoutside all night long made it hard to get much sleep.We will not stay at a Doubletree in Pittsburh again
5	Great hotel, friendly and helpful staff. Downtown is a short walk away, close to bus stops, and I believe there is a "T" stop right outside. There is also a shuttle service that will take you anywhere you would like within a 3 mile radius up until 10:45pm. The shuttle was convenient considering you can't just walk outside and grab a cab like in NYC.
2	This was the rudest hotel staff I have ever encountered. Although The common areas of the hotel were very nice, I was unimpressed by the room. I most likely would not say here again in the future.
3	Good location, older building but the rooms were clean and had updated television sets but other stuff was old. Decent restaurant with a nice breakfast buffet. Beware the $22 a night valet only parking.
2	This hotel is the opposite of "you get what you pay for". For one night only in Pittsburgh, I wish I would have just paid $100 and stayed at a Hampton or Courtyard. We stayed in a suite! Supposed to be a little on the upper end and it's one night for fun! Wifi never worked. Kept knocking me off and had little to no service. The TVs had like 12 channels, of which almost all had static. Not even one movie channel that you could watch free. I called several times and the guy on the phone said to reset the room with my card and try turning off my devices. Did that. Still not better. Called again and he said he will put in an order with maintenance. Never got fixed. I went to the Lobby this morning to tell them and the lady basically said this "oh I'm sorry. I'll let maintenance know". I paid $270 after taxes and that's what I got. Absolutely terrible and I will never go back nor recommend.
5	So I haven't stayed here but my Doctors office is located in the building. What I can review is the staff and the cookies!! The staff is all very friendly and willing to point you in the right direction when you ask for help. The room keeping staff even asked if I was enjoying my stay in the elevator. I told them I was here for a dr appt and they wished me luck. The cookies here are so good it makes me look forward to going to the dr.
4	Great hotel for family or business nice workers everybody here helps you.. The rooms are clean and 24hr service!!! The pool is BIG and the fitness room ROCKSO.. And don't forget to ask for the free cookie at check in lol
5	I'm honestly surprised by the mediocre to bad reviews here. DoubleTree was one of the best parts of my friend and my stay in Pittsburgh.Location (5/5): It's a walking distance to everything you need to see in Downtown Pittsburgh, and if not the shuttle service and the public transit are steps away. The hotel has its own shuttle service, which can take you around Downtown for free, and they do pick-ups, too. Downtown Pitt also has a Free Fare Zone where you can use the light rail tram or busses for free. The Steel Plaza Station across the street from DoubleTree is in that Zone.The hotel is not RIGHT at the center of Downtown, but I think that's a plus so you'd be in the slightly quieter side of town.A Jimmy John's, Dunkin Donuts and some cafes are within a block away if you're not looking to spend the extra charge for breakfast downstairs. A 7-11 and a flower shop is connected right by the lobby. There's also a bunch of Rite Aid and CVS if you're looking for something like that as you walk deeper into Downtown.Service (4.5/5): All of the guest service agents, including the shuttle driver/concierge, were very helpful! Each of them always seemed to be willing to go out of their way to help you. Even the housekeeping staff were very friendly, and they refreshed 2 water bottles every day in our room.I am taking half a point out for some lack of knowledge of what's going on Downtown. I couldn't remember where the John Legend concert was, and I had to inquire about the shuttle service, but the guest service agent did not know. I think it would be helpful if the guest service agents know who and where concerts are at least for the day/night.Amenities(4/5): I wish there was a fridge in the room. Never mind microwave, but that would've been nice, too. Everything else was good, though. I'm surprised some people were complaining that the rooms were old. It did not seem like it to us. The decor was pretty modern, and our tv was a big flat screen that worked just fine! We even got to watch the Game of Thrones finale clearly. Haha!The pool was clean and big! And A+++++ for the towels by the pool. They were neatly placed, and it was plentiful of towels. It'd be nice if the pool "patio" had a nice view, but it actually looked out to a road and a parking garage. The fitness center was also well updated for a hotel. I'm pretty impressed with both the pool and fitness center, actually. (Though a hot tub would be nice!)Also, Wifi worked well for us, and we had 3-4 devices connected at a time.Overall (4.5/5): I can't speak for the restaurant since I didn't eat there, and I had no car to park with valet. Everything else was great, and DoubleTree = delicious chocolate chip cookies. How could you be mad about that? They usually have some cookies in a basket in the mail lobby if you're interested in munching some more late at night.
2	We arrived and was promptly greeted. Had trouble getting a trolly for luggage.The counter folks were very friendly, and the cookies they give are def. tasty. Got into our room on the honors floor, to find the room  was not totally cleaned. We found toenail clippings next to the bed stand and a odd substance on the alarm clock (ew) Housekeeping was very inconsistent. They would leave 2 towels for three people. Coffee amenities not stocked everyday, had to go buy a bottle of half and half, but alas no refrigerator to keep it cold.Some random observations:Water pressure in shower was excellent.TRY the restaurant down stairs- bigelow grill.Best mac and cheese!Hotel is walking distance to all things in area, DLCC, restaurants etc.
5	Very nice hotel in the business area of the city. Short walk to the convention center. Nice bar and restaurant on the first floor. Very friendly staff and great service.
4	Our stay here in Pittsburgh was great!  the Lobby staff very friendly. The shuttle was a definite plus.  The subway across the street got us right to the PNC Park. So glad we picked this hotel to stay at.  Just wish they at least had complimentary coffee in the lobby. the room coffee was not very good.  The restaurant for breakfast was very pricey.  But the location and the staff made it all worthwhile
1	I've stayed here twice now and both times the rooms were awful. Customer Service was fine, restaurant was okay. First time:The room was old, the carpet was torn, the blinds were broken, the drinking glasses were visibly dirty and the bathroom sink was a pedestal with barely enough room to fit the hand soap let alone a shaving razor. Couldn't open the closet door all the way because the entry door closer got in the way.Second time:Wasn't offered a cookie, it was late so maybe there is a cut off time? Room was in overall better condition. I walked in and the room was freezing because the thermostat was set to 66. I turned the heat on but it didn't work so I called the front desk. They told me that because it was hot outside (high 70s) that the heat doesn't work. Okay, no problem, I'll just open the window and let in some warm air. The front desk tells me, "Sorry, the windows don't open, do you want extra blankets?". No, no I do not. I want a room that wasn't set to freezing prior to my arrival.  Both times:The walls are quite thin so you can hear your neighbors open and closing drawers. No fridge, the room layout severely underutilized the available space. For instance, the bathroom is tiny, yet there is a hallway (alcove maybe?) that leads to the bathroom that could be walled off and tiled and would make the bathroom double the size. TL;DR2 star budget hotel at a 3.5 star price. If you're paying full price check out the Omni across the street or if you want something nicer and less expensive there is a nice Hampton Inn on Smallman street.
4	The staff at this hotel couldn't be more helpful.  They were an absolute joy to deal with.  Friendly, competent and a spirit of service.  The room was nice, but the air conditioning never quite cooled the room to where I set it.  It also seems to need the filters changed because I immediately started coughing every time I got into the room.  The plug on the lamp didn't work and the water pressure was ridiculously too low in the sink and not great in the shower.  Two rivers on either side and we're still using water saving devices?  I don't get that.  Parking facility is terrible, but made tolerable by the incredibly helpful staff.  There's no way to quickly park and run in if you forget something.  No way to solve that though given the location but the valets never once had even a hint of irritation by getting and parking my car a few times in a short period.  I'll definitely come back because of staff.About the restaurant.  I reviewed that separately for dinner, but I'll mention it here as part of the hotel.  The breakfast was good, although I'd like the water to be self serve and for them to cook bacon to a variety of doneness instead of all medium rare.  Same with pancakes that were all undercooked.  Eggs were cooked well but maybe part of them could be with peppers or something?  Including the disastrous dinner I'm not impressed with their cooking.  Too worried about presentation and trendy dishes and not cooking it right nor offering regular stuff.  1.5 star on overall food.  I still can't get over that the chef/cook wanted to charge me to taste the elk meat burger.  My general impression of the chef is that he thinks too highly of his own abilities and really doesn't produce a satisfying meal.  But, again, the staff's service orientation overcome the food quality issues.I stayed 4 nights and ill definitely stay here again.  I'm really bad with names but it really started off with the young man of short stature with light, short hair working the front desk.  So enthusiastic, happy and helpful that he really welcomed me and set the tone for my stay that everyone else followed.  I can remember a hotel stay with better service.  Oh, lest I forget, my room cleaning was excellent as well.  Fix the menu, the water pressure and air conditioning and you get 5 stars from me.
4	As a loyal Hilton member who has stayed in many Doubletrees, this hotel is by far one of the best. I recently stayed here for 3 weeks this year, and I had stayed here on business in the past.The staff is friendly, and I always managed to get upgraded to a suite. The third week when I got put into a regular smaller room, I had a problem with it. I didn't mind the size of the room, but I couldn't sleep the first night because the room connects to a different room and I could hear the conversations next door vividly. Also, the room faced a lot of traffic. The front desk was very understanding, and we walked thru to the available rooms on what was best for me. I definitely appreciated this lady's help. The restaurant staff at breakfast are always helpful and friendly. The gym is decent, and I'm able to do my workouts. Best of all, the rooms were clean and smelling fresh. From me traveling around the country, sometimes it's a hit or miss with the cleanliness of Hilton branded rooms.
5	Stayed here for the second time this year, Once again, great place to stay and shuttle service was good to have. Free cookies from the incredibly helpful staff--thumbs up!I worked out in the fitness center which was decent sized for a hotel. However, I wish there was a pull up bar/dip chair! It doesn't take up much space for all the variations of exercises that can be performed on it.
