1	If I could give negative stars, I would give Cintas -1,000,000,000,000. When we spoke with the sales rep, Chris Guendel, he told us that we would not be under any obligation with a contract (which he now denies, of course). After using the service for 2 months and being pleased with the uniforms we wanted to purchase them outright to eliminate a monthly bill, we were told that we could not purchase the uniforms because we were under contract. Not a normal one or two year contract, a 5 YEAR contract! We tried explaining to them that we would not sign a contract because we were a new company and did not feel comfortable signing a contract since we didn't know if we would really need uniforms for sure or not. After days of fighting with them and trying to explain that we should not have been under contract, we are just going to have to bite the bullet and keep to the contract until we can buy out the contract for $6500 minimum. As a small start up business in a tough economy, that is a lot of advertising money that would be lost. Now, of course, Chris Guendel won't call us back as he stated that he would to try to help rectify the situation. We will be returning all but the minimum of our uniforms on Tuesday.If you are a small business, please DO NOT consider Cintas as a uniform provider. Contact Aramark (they have won awards for their ethics and business practices) and check to see if you would have to be on a long term contract and then don't sign ANYTHING (including what the salesman tells you is only to verify the uniform specs that you are ordering, which is the mistake that we made. We were told that it wasn't a contract.) with out either reading the fine print or even better having an attorney look it over first. A better option might be to purchase the uniforms outright from a uniform shop, they are a lot less expensive than $6500!
1	Cintas will not honor your original agreementNot only do they try to force you to resign their 5 year contracts but when you refuse they double your costs and start charging you triple the fees that were once waived We looked back at our records and they had nickel and dimed us in soooooo many ways BAIT AND SWITCH EXPERTS, and good luck getting a call back from a manager BEWARE!!!!! STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!! We have switched to Aramark and can't believe the differenceUpdate after along wait and a lot of frustration a manager finally was able to meet with us. The excuse was he was replacing the old manager and they apologize for their bad service we came to an agreement and paid them more money to be rid of them for good The game they play is sign a contract then they will change the driver and increase the rate after time even if it's not in the contract They will make it right by keeping the changed pricing but making corrections each week, then you forget about it and you start over paying by a lot When you bring it up they say they have been going above and beyond by reducing the charges each week to the original contract and you are getting special pricing also the driver is unfamiliar with your so called special pricing So u feel guilty until u add it up and realize u can't afford to use them any longer and they are not honoring your original agreement.
1	Do not trust these people.  Their sales people ignore, obscure, deceive, or do whatever possible to NOT disclose the truth.  They get you to sign a 5 year contract that costs thousands to get out of.  Run away!
1	This company is brutal!  Brutal service, and products relative to the competition. Do not sign a contract with these guys it is a nightmare to get out of and it is super long term.
