5	I know some of our wedding guests were talking about yelping our band, so I'm jumping on now to make sure I get the FTR (First to Review)...I allowed Jared (my husband and yes I still love saying that), to choose this band for our wedding.  While we attempted to go hear them play once at the Blue Martini, it turned out to be an off night, so we missed them.  But I trusted him and I'm sure glad I did... They were incredible!This band had the dance floor packed from the minute the ballroom doors opened until they packed up to leave... they played a wide range of music from Stevie Wonder to AC/DC to Black Eyed Peas and a ton in between.  They also chimed in when appropriate during my Dad's FOB (Father of the Bride) speech... they were on it!We couldn't be more pleased with The Instant Classics' performance at our wedding... our only complaint was that the night had to end!If you're looking for a band for a special occasion, give them a call... (and tell them Gabi and Jared sent you). Or if you want to go see them perform, I know they have a few regular gigs around the Valley - go check them out.  We are forever fans and look forward to seeing them again real soon!
5	Darn! FTRs (first to reviews) on Yelp are hard to come by these days and it looks like Gabi M beat me to it on this one! Oh well, I"ll let it slide...since she was the bride and all. ;)As a professional wedding guest (seriously, this weekend makes 3 weddings just this month) I've learned that the most important part of the wedding is the bride and groom- duh.  And the 2nd most important part- the band!  If the band sucks...the music sucks...the dancing sucks.. the party sucks...and so on. Fortunately, for Gabi M's wedding guests The Instant Classics certainly did NOT suck.  I've seen very few wedding bands pull off both old and new music well, but The Instant Classics was able to pull it off perfectly. Therefore the music was awesome...the dancing was awesome...and the party was awesome!If you're getting married in Phoenix you can't go wrong with these guys. Just make sure you get a big dance floor-  you're going to need it!
5	Wow.  Amazing.  Simply amazing.  When you see a live band, normally there might be one or two weak links... perhaps the drummer is just average, or maybe the guitar player is a bit mushy... not so this band.  The drummer, Nick can play the skins; the keyboardist, Johnathan, is masterful; the Bass player, Todd, is one of the best I've seen; and there are simply not enough superlatives to describe the lead guitar, Brian.  Which leaves the two front "men", Caleb and Christine.  This group covers every genre, from Lady Gaga to Neil Diamond, AC/DC to Prince, and they do it flawlessly.  My wife and I sat there and were simply amazed at their quality.  Easily the best live band we've ever seen at a club.  I highly recommend them.
5	This band truly rocks!  That Caleb is one damn sexy singer.....if you get a chance to see them, jump on it.  You will not regret your decision.  Unless your decision is not to see them.  Then, you might regret it.  Seriously.  Out.....
5	this review is loooong overdue.  TIC played at our wedding back in October '11, and absolutely rocked the house.  From classic '80's to modern day hits like Lady Gaga, they will make your big day unforgettable.  my friends and family kept saying throughout the night that this was most fun they have ever had a wedding.  keep the booze flowing, the speakers turned up, and you'll go out in style!!  no one wanted to leave!  working w the band was great too.  they knew exactly how to MC the night and kept the energy high.  professional and courteous from our first meeting to the actual big day.  everyone will forget the food and flower arrangements, but a band like the instant classics will be memory soon not forgotten.
5	When you're planning a wedding party, there are so many different elements you need to make it a success.  To us, one of the most important was the music.  We planned our "kid's" wedding sort of like a committee.  There were the bride and the groom, her parents, and us.  After that there were approximately 160 people in attendance who are mostly quite opinionated.  This Saturday evening party followed the wedding ceremony and a cocktail hour.Our goal was simple.  We wanted everyone to eat, drink, dance and have a wonderful evening that they would remember.  Sometimes, I hate to say it, weddings can be rather stiff and boring.  This was not going to be the case with The Instant Classics.  In our planning phase, there was serous discussion as to whether we should have a live band or a DJ or both.  Our wedding planner made plans to expose us to both at various weddings and parties she was doing.  In terms of the live band, we had a number of very good choices.  We were able to watch videos of their performances, many had websites, and then go watch them play live.When we first saw The Instant Classics, I was already leaning toward a live band with maybe a DJ to fill in at band breaks.  When we heard he Instant Classics, I knew immediately that they were my choice to help make our wedding party great.  My only concern was whether or not they would be available for our event.  Fate had it that they were.  They were also willing to meet privately with the bride and groom at some time before the wedding to talk about what they wanted from the band.  That meeting was a huge success.The Instant Classics play a lot of different types of music under the category that I call Rock and Roll.  They have an extensive song list that is forever changing to keep current but still retain great music from the past.  Some of the genres we chose were Mellow, Oldies, Classic Rock, Big Rock, Funk-Disco, Dance-Hip Hop, and 90's-00's Rock.Our collective families, although now happily living in the Phoenix area, came from Detroit.  So everything Motown is large to us.  As soon as all guests came into the ballroom, the band started playing.  No sitting on our hands.  They were beyond our expectations.  The dancing started immediately and went late into the night.  Nobody had to be asked to get up from their chairs.  Even people who I know never dance were on the dance floor all night long.  That is a huge credit to The Instant Classics.  They were very warm with our guests and immediately showed that on stage via their performance and you can feel it.  It was almost like a concert and dance at the same time because they were so amazing.  We ended up not using a DJ.  Our kids who were kind of reluctant to have a live band ended up having the best time.  The thing is if you're a live band, you have to be good.  The Instant Classics are way more than good.  They're great!I would highly recommend them to everyone.  They certainly "bring it" and if your guests "bring it" as well, you will have the perfect evening.
