5	I needed to get my home re keyed ,so I called around to get the best price. When the first locksmith came to my house after he saw the job the price almost doubled, I told him he could leave and I would call someone else.....  The next company was Pinnacle lock @ safe.  They arrived at the time we agreed upon,did the job at the price I was quoted ...   The tech was very knowledge in his field and made me feel confident in my choice of locksmith.....  I would recommend Pinnacle to all that ask for a locksmith..
5	This company is very professional and helpful in assisting me with choosing a safe to install in my new home. They kept me informed of the shipping process from the factory across the country and were very careful installing it in my home. I highly recommend this shop for security hardware!
1	Have been going to Pinnacle Lock & Safe for a little over a year.  They have usually been pretty good about making keys without much of a wait.  Recently stopped in to get a quote on a file cabinet lock install.  The owner said that his staff doesn't like to do those types of jobs and that I should just buy a new cabinet with a lock already installed.  He quoted me an obscene price just to get me to leave.  Until that encounter I was satisfied with their service.  However, the arrogance of the owner was enough for me to look for a new locksmith.  A real business owner doesn't let his employees dictate what jobs he should accept.  Additionally if you really don't want to do this kind of job I suggest a better customer service approach to the situation like a referral to another company.  That's how businesses grow customer loyalty, not by insulting them.  Found another locksmith who was more than able to come out to my office and do the install in person for a very fair rate.
1	I had to get some keys copied for my office door and Wal-Mart couldn't copy the specific shape of key, and neither could Home Depot, so they recommended us to this place. We walked in and I showed the guy at the front desk (I assume he is the owner) the key and said I would like 2 copies. The key says "do not duplicate" on it, and since Home Depot and Wal Mart didn't even bother to acknowledge that, I figured this guy would just ask what it was for, and once I told him an office door, all would be well.I had my boss' company credit card with me, as some sort of proof of where I worked or whatever, and was going to show him. Before I could even open my mouth, the man started rudely asking me things like "how do I know you're even authorized to copy this key? How do I know where you work? I don't know who you are, I don't know who your boss is."Each time I tried to tell him where I worked and that I had the company credit card, he interrupted me and was almost grilling me. Finally I showed him the card and all of a sudden he was nice. Took the key from me and copied it. Once he came back to cash me out he was all polite and had a total change of attitude. But I was so thrown off by his interrogation I wasn't sure what to do.I paid for the copied keys and went on my way. My coworker that was with me noticed the same attitude and we both agreed as soon as we left the store that the man was extremely rude. I probably wouldn't find myself back there for any other reason in the future, but if I need a key copied that Home Depot or Wal Mart can't do, I'll go somewhere besides this place, even if just to avoid the rude service.
