1	OK-I realize this should not be a surprise.  But, in a stupor of holiday exhaustion, I ordered a Pan-Normous pizza for me and my kids.  My children, apparently already slaves to advertising, REALLY wanted to try it.  It turned out to be a good education for the difference between what something looks like on TV, versus real life.  ( I am sure there is a deep life lesson here, but I was too irritated to take advantage of it)  There was nothing enormous about the pizza, which is my main complaint.  I asked the guy on the phone how many people it would feed, he said 8.  Ummm-8 tiny people.  It was also, not good, but again, not surpised at that.  So I think I will be thankful that now my kids know how gross Pizza Hut is too.
5	Oh my gosh.  The stuffed crust cheese is insanely good!!!!!
4	I didn't give this rating based on taste because I frankly hate Pizza Hut pizza. I think it's gross. The sandwiches and wings are great though. My fiance loves it all though. I like it because it is right next to our house and the staff are always friendly. I pick it up on my way home and if I get there early they try to get it for me as soon as they can.
2	Dear Pizza Hut,  your dough is just horrible please take a page from Dominos and scrap what you're doing and get back in the game.   Tonight's pizza was just a mess.   Half went to the trash.   And that's only because we were so disgusted that we shared it with a less discriminating friend.  I can't believe I actually like this stuff as a kid.   Was it always this bad?  I'd like to think not,  but seriously, just stop it...jokes over.   I'm giving 2-stars only because the employees seemed to be on point and I had no issue there.
1	For real? My latest experience with this Pizza Hut was almost something to laugh at. My boyfriend and I called at around 9:20 for delivery on a Wednesday night. The girl answered the phone, and we stated that this was for delivery. Her first response was that "we're on an hour and a half wait for delivery orders." Really? A primarily delivery-based pizza place is an hour and a half on deliveries? What in the world...? Anyhow, we changed our minds and stated that it was for pickup. We decided to order one of the specially advertised $8.99 dinner boxes, but she immediately responded that they were out of the boxes. Ok, really? For a nationally recognized chain to be out of an advertised special is a little ridiculous. So, thinking that third time would be a charm, we tried to order the cheese lovers pizza (or whatever it's called) and a side of cinnamon sticks. Needless to say, we were turned down again because apparently they are out of "all rectangular dough" meaning the rectangular slices to make the garlic toast and the cinnamon sticks. Pizza hut has a mere 4 different things on the menu (excluding variations). HOW ON EARTH CAN YOU BE OUT OF 3/4?! After going nowhere for five minutes, we decided to tell the girl to forget about our order and that we'd consider elsewhere. Just a note to this particular franchise owner, stock enough product and hire enough employees to keep up with demands.
1	If I could rate 0 I would.I called at 10:55 to place an order the guy answers and says can u call back when we're open and hangs up.I call exactly at 10:59 to place an order I go pick up my I take it back to have lunch this pizza is so salty. I couldn't eat it.
3	Normally I wouldn't bother to write a review for a Pizza Hut. Or even check in on Yelp. Some secrets are best kept in the family. It's Pizza Hut after all. Everyone knows what they're going to get. So what's the motivation this time? I noticed some really bad recent reviews for the carry out location I occasionally use. The workers there, however, are consistently nice and really seem to be trying to do a good job given the limitations that Pizza Hut presents. I just wanted to give them a little "thumbs up". Three stars, the maximum rating allowed by law for a Pizza Hut.
