5	Platinum spray tan is PHENOMENAL!!!  I found this company after another tanning salong completely messed up my spray tan and she saved the day!  She came to my house to spray me at 10pm at night, after I called her around 9:30 begging for help because my other tan had been messed up so badly and I was leaving for a cruise the next morning.  (Not many people would come to your house at 10pm on a Friday night with 20 minutes notice to give you excellent customer service).  I am such a loyal customer now.  The prices are fair, she is very nice and accomodating to your schedule.  The customer service is excellent and I have had 3 tans from her now and every one has turned our flawless.  I don't get any streaks or orange areas and my tan lasts me for a full week!  Plus she comes to you so you get a spray tan in the comfort of your own home.  I highly recommend.
5	Let me start by saying that I am somewhat of a fake tan-aholic. Although, since gaining some "emotional" weight, I have been in hibernation over the last year. I have tried Jergens to fancy smancy french self tanner and of course orange-tastic Mystic. All with varying mediocre results (and lovely patchy fading). So when gearing up for our San Diego trip I decided to try something new. I googled spray tan and Platinum Spray Tan came up. What amazed me the most is the great pricing and the fact that it is not a booth style tan, but an airbrush tan. The owner, MJ, is great, and I was able to get in quickly. The tan looks amazing and she was so thorough with her pre & post care (to make the tan last longer). She had her own products to sell, but she started off telling me what I could use (with the same results) from the drug store. I highly recommend trying her out, I think you will be hooked like I am.
5	Platinum Spray Tan is the BEST!!! I have had many spray tans over the years and it doesn't get any better then this! MJ, the spray tan artist or should I say goddess of spray tanning is very professional and makes you feel very comfortable from the minute you meet her... I always look brown, never orange and look so much thinner and toned! I am so addicted now that I have her come every week to spray me, I can't go without! I use to tan in the tanning beds, gave them up as this is sooo much healthier! Give Platinum Tan a try and you will forever be addicted!
5	First and for most I pride myself on knowing good spray tans since I'm obsessed with them... I came across Platinum spray tan awhile back and have been in LOVE with the products, service and MJ. MJ helps the customer feel "special"... she dives in to really get to know what you're looking for as a customer. She develops special blends to get you that perfect shade of tan. We have mastered a lot of shades but it's always fun when MJ says she has a new formula to try... Im 100% in for new shades to try out. I have used The Platinum spray tan service many times... However, MJ is kind enough to do "Platinum" spray parties - when my girlfriends and I have big events we call MJ to come over and do a spray party - It's awesome because she has it all... from light medium to the darkest dark, MJ will find you a color that you love!I truly love Platinum spray tan and everything that it represents: price, formula, hospitality and service.... I hope you enjoy it like I will continue to do so.
5	I simply ADORE MJ with The Platinum Spray Tan! I am 100% sold on spray tanning. I love being tan. I love the sun. Sadly, there are two issues with this. One, cancer sucks. And two, working 24/7/365, even my forearms haven't seen the start of a good bronzing. Thusly, MJ has come to my rescue and been a tanning god. From the moment you meet her, you want to be her. She is beautiful, fun, hip trendy and just an all around amazing person. You enjoy every moment you spend with her and want to go grab a cocktail after! She has a true talent and eye for contouring, so your body will drop 20 lbs from the time you walk in to the time you bounce out!
4	Overall, I had a very good experience. It was two days from my best friend's wedding, and I realized that I looked like a ghost in my bridesmaid's dress. I went online searching for a good spray tan salon (I did NOT want to take any chances with 48 hours until the wedding). After scouring Yelp and Google, I'd narrowed my search to three salons. Platinum was the third location that I called. The other two salons were unable to see me on such short notice.  MJ answered my phone call and told me that she would do her best to squeeze me in. Sure enough, she was able to get me an appointment set for 2 hours after my call. Awesome.  :)The salon is located on the second floor of a building of office suites off of Mill and Broadway in Tempe. I arrived 5 minutes before my appointment and found the suite very quickly, since MJ had texted me directions. I was a bit confused when the door was locked and there was no sign anywhere indicating that it was even a business (from the outside, it looked like it could have even been large storage room)!  I am assuming that because the tanning artists also do mobile tanning, there is not always someone in the building... as for not having a sign? I'm not too sure about that one... My tanning artist arrived 5 minutes later.. Exactly on time for our appointment. She was extremely friendly and welcoming. I filled out paperwork while she set up the tanning area. I felt a little overwhelmed when she asked what color I wanted but did not have anything for me to reference... For example, I wish I could have seen a look-book or something in order to choose something that matched what I was looking for. I told her I wasn't quite sure but did not feel like I had to be too dark. It is November, after all :) She chose a color for me and it turned out to be perfect. I felt very comfortable throughout the tanning process since my artist was so friendly. The spray was freezing, but a little discomfort isn't so bad for a nice looking tan. When we finished, my artist asked if I was happy with my results or if I wanted to go darker. I was happy.  I paid with a credit card- it was $35 (GREAT price) with a $3 fee that MJ had warned me about.PROS: PriceFlexible schedulingTan looks naturalQuick (in and out in 20 minutes)CONS: Location weirded me out a little bit.I would have liked more guidance choosing a color.I'd had a spray tan in Boston once, where my artist used the tan to "sculpt" my body. She strategically put extra coats in areas that would typically get more sun and she sculpted my abs and arms really nicely! My tan at Platinum was more of a once over coat- without as much attention to these details. Overall - very solid experience and I would definitely go again (and would recommend it to a friend). If I could rate this a 4.5, I would, as my "cons" are pretty nuanced.
5	Beyond excited I found this gem:)) Before moving to tempe 2 years ago I has worked at a salon and was sprayed there weekly by my co-worker and friend and shortly became addicted to spray tans... so I consider myself an expert on the matter. After realizing how pasty I was, I searched and searched for a spray tan spot that I could go to time and time again and one that I could be confident going to. Being on there site I casually signed up for the text message alerts, which I would receive weekly specials etc. SOOOO glad I did this because a week after I signed up I got a text alert saying I had won the ONE MONTH of FREEEEE TANS!! Can I just say AMAZING?? So, I booked my appointment and was pleasantly surprised with the experience ALL around. My tan was awesome and so similar to the ones I had gotten back home that I knew I found my go to spot! I've been telling all my friends and hope MJ and her team have amazing business here on after, they are doing great things:)))
5	I used to tan in tanning beds since I was 12 years old. I was obsessed and still am obsessed with being tan. Unfortunatley, a year ago i was diagnosed with Melanoma on my arm. after that surgery I was told never to go in beds again and to try and stay out of the sun as much as possible. This was devastating to me "I am going to be a ghost" I thought, i delt with it for a while and actually went into a depression... I started looking into spray tans, the salon i used to use beds at had those machines that would spray you, so I tried those. they were ok but my hands ALWAYS looked horrible and it was the weirdest thing holding your breath and all the positions hoping you didnt mess it up. So i started researching the spray tans where a person actually sprayed you I looked through many ads and called alot of them, I came across Platinum spray tan and the way she explained her tans and the fact that it was sugar based really drew me to her I didnt want to put chemicals on my body and create more cancer. MJ was so nice and accomidating, It seems like any time i need her she is available. She would come to my house or I would go to the studio and her tans were and ARE so great I dont feel like i have a 'FAKE" tan, the color is excellent and you can customize it how ever you want basically. I never felt weird being in front of her completley naked, she always made me feel comfortable. I love her and her tans I would not let anyone else but Platinum spray tan, tan me. I feel so much better about myself now that i can be tan on a regular basis, I go once a week and I love it. If you want the BEST tan in AZ go to the Platinum Spray tan!!!! U wont regret it!!!!
5	Wow! This was my first ever spray tan. MJ was amazing. When I called, her vm said to text for best results, so I did. Quick response, and she provided me complete instructions via text, which I loved. During the session, she made me feel welcome, and very comfortable - a good thing since I was naked :) I look great, and have instructions on how to make my tan last, and didn't push anything sales wise. I will definitely go back, and will recommend to all.
5	I traditionally go to another tanning location in Phoenix, but found Platinum Spray Tan a few weeks ago. Owner MJ is great and she does a wonderful job ensuring that her staff provide clients with an excellent customer experience. My decision to spray tan is twofold - avoiding sun damage and a jam-packed work schedule that has me always on the move. My favorite thing about Platinum is the one-hour tanning solution. No kidding! Yes, it's a little more expensive than traditional solution, which needs to soak into the skin for several hours to activate, but the additional cost is well worth it! My secret combination is, "one-hour, with a shot of black" -- although it sounds dark, it actually results in a sun-kissed golden glow that looks better than my natural tan and fades incredibly well. I'm able to shower one-hour after the tan, allowing me to go at the start of the day, then continue with my hectic schedule without having to worry about the tanner rubbing off on clothing or, more importantly, feeling "too tan" while heading out for work meetings. I give MJ a high-five for customer service and for offering the one-hour - it rocks!
5	I never thought I could have such a good tanning experience standing naked while someone attacks every crease with a spray nozzle. Platinum Spray Tan will change all that and at a remarkably reasonable price. First--I love the communication! Staff is excellent, you can text MJ directly and she is always SUPER responsive! Incredible in this day of technology that there is a place that understands that phone calls take forever for scheduling!  Give them your # and you can get text messages about crazy deals like $5 tan specials. The environment is really intimate and clean; the work goes quickly and the staff is ready with a full breakdown on pre and post-tan care in case you're a first timer and ready to go if you're a regular.  Fantastic customer service.Easy appointment, great walk through of maintenance and the results really spoke for themselves. Love this place!
5	Me and my sister went in nervous about coming out orange and it was quite the opposite. The girls were nice and made us feel comfortable. And we came out perfectly tan :)
5	Absolutely amazing tan, lasted for about 5 days. It faded beautifully, was never splotchy. The tan overall looked like I had bathed in sunlight for a week, basically I'm saying it looked like a real tan. It was also fantastic service with the exceptional results. I was really nervous to get a fake tan, you see the questionable choices of the spray tan crowd walk around Scottsdale everyday. Don't worry, if you go to Platinum you will NOT end up like that. There's also an adorable lounge where you wait for your appointment. A million gold stars to you Platinum Tan!
5	This is the place to go for spray tans that don't look like spray tans! First off, I spent a long time researching tanning salons when I moved to Arizona, and was lucky to find MJ through Yelp! I was going on a vacation with my boyfriend, and was whiter than could be! I have only had one spray tan previous to this, and it was a great experience, but I have heard horror stories and didn't want to end up looking like an orange oompa loompa! I sent her a text, and was set up with an appointment a few days later. The studio itself is glamorous, and very chic. I love the decor, and the overall vibe! MJ herself is gorgeous, inside and out! It is not an easy experience to just meet someone, strip down naked, and then stand with arms raised, legs spread! But she made the whole thing so comfortable! I had no idea what color I wanted to be, so she chose for me. She did contouring, and made me look so naturally tan! Of course the first day the bronzer continues to develop, and I was nervous that I would look too dark, but just like she promised, after I rinsed in the shower, it looked perfect! No streaks anywhere! She also gave me take home instructions of what products to buy at my local Walgreens. She had products there, but she wasn't pushy about selling those, and I could tell that she just genuinely wanted to make me look awesome, and not just sell me products and a tan! The tan looked amazing, and lasted 8 days, and faded naturally! Never streaked! I just went back again to get another tan for Country Thunder. She did a brazilian this time. The color is absolutely beautiful. I wish I had been born with skin this color, but lucky for me, God created an angel named MJ who could give it to me anyway! I also got a chance to speak with her more this time, and she truly is a beautiful person on the inside too. I started talking to her about other personal image issues I have been working on, and she gave me such genuine and insightful advice. I am so grateful to have found her! She has great recommendations on organic products, and she also performs other services like lash extensions and teeth whitening. If you are looking for the best spray tan in Phoenix, (or anywhere near), you must call MJ! She also sends out texts with discounted specials, so make sure you sign up for those when you go!
5	Best spray tan ever! They have Custom colors for a natural look. They are all so friendly and fun!! For great deals make sure you opt in their text program! They offer natural teeth whitening and lash extensions too. This is truly an amazing place!!
5	MJ is amazing! This is the only place I will go for a spray tan. I met MJ during my wedding plan and continue to be thrilled every time I see her. The tans always look natural and last an average of 5 days. Her staff is just as sweet and knowledgeable as MJ herself in making sure I get exactly the look I am going for. The customer service is friendly and the studio is adorable and comfortable. She is great to work with to get in for a tan and I always leave happy and tan. Couldn't recommend MJ and her team enough.
5	LOVE The Platinum Spray Tan. I scoured Yelp when I moved to Phoenix to find a great AIRBRUSH spray tan studio -- no Mystic tans for me thanks, I'll pass on being orange. The Platinum Spray Tan is the first place I tried two years ago, and I'm still a loyal customer today.First and most importantly-- my tan always turns out looking great. Sometimes I'd like to be darker, and sometimes lighter -- I simply explain what I want to look like and it comes out wonderful every time. I've also done the 1-hour, which is more a light, sun-kissed glow, but SO worth it when you're naturally ghost-y like I am and find yourself in a tanning emergency.Next -- MJ will book appointments via text, which is AMAZING. Calling and trying to schedule is so annoying, so being able to text MJ and get a response is fab.Finally -- appointment scheduling is soooo flexible!! I have literally texted MJ as late as day-of, in a panic because I need a tan before the next day, and she's sprayed me at 8pm. Just amazing customer service.MJ is friendly, beautiful, and GREAT at what she does, which explains her successful business. Will be a loyal customer as long as I live in the Valley!
5	Alright, so I love me a good spray tan, I've done booths, I've tried at home bronzers, every airbrush place in Scottsdale! I was asked to be in a bikini show a few years back and had an appt booked here with MJ, let me tell you... I'm a lifer! So professional, best color (lux mixed with Brazilian is my fav) and they actually take the time to make sure it's PERFECT! I just recently started getting my lashes done there too! One stop shop for anyone that needs to look their best :)
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! I was going to Vegas for the weekend & I have tried other airbrushing salons & nothing comes as close to this place!!!! The owner was so nice/friendly & I told her what color I would like to achieve & she made it happen! I looked fabulous & I received so many compliments on my tan! Even though I live in Goodyear & she is located in Tempe, it is so worth the drive! I will be returning to her for up coming events!!!
5	Bare none, hands down Plantinum is the Best!! I have been coming here for a long time now and if you want the real custom experience, and the real deal this is the place for you! Don't get it confused with other places that try to use the Plantinum name! MJ is the BEST and there is only ONE in the Valley!!! Every time I get sprayed I always get compliments and it lasts!!! FYI she offers so much more: lashes, teeth whitening, and make-up.....the BEST!! What more could a girl ask for!
5	Thank you MJ for the best glow ever! My spray tan lasted a whole week and best of all it looked natural! The compliments i got were endless thanks to you! Your staff is absolutely amazing and super friendly it's feels like family every time I'm there. I'll definitely be back!!!
5	So good, I'm reviewing AGAIN! After two years of going to Platinum, I continue to refer friends to MJ for two reasons 1) top notch customer service and 2) the best tan solutions I've ever experienced. While I love the one-hour solution (per my first review), my latest obsession is a lighter tan solution that has a golden olive finish that lasts 10 days when you take care of it. I typically go on Thursday after work and it lasts through the end of the following week!
5	Crystal did a fabulous job on a full set of eye lash extensions for me! I had never had my eye lashes done before so I did not know what to expect. The process takes some time but  I was so relaxed during the process I kept almost falling asleep! My eye lashes look natural and beautiful-which is the look I was going for.  I wake up in the morning and run the eye lash comb through them and I am set! They are beautiful! I got a more natural look but the other girl in the room with me wanted a more wild and crazy look, so I know these ladies can customize your lashes to your needs.  If you haven't had your lashes done before I recommend giving it a try to see for yourself the difference.
5	I have also had my eyelash extensions done here an  couldn't be happier! I get so many compliments on how beautiful and real that they look:)
5	MJ managed to fit me in her schedule on Halloween day, and the spray tan was amazing! I avoided spray tans for a long time due to bad experiences, but now that I found this place I will definitely be back whenever I have a special occasion! Thanks so much, I recommend anyone in the area coming here!
5	I just got my hair extensions done here with Crystal. She is awesome! I love, love, love the new extension look!  I actually got to go with her to pick up my Remy hair, so I picked hair that was exactly the color I wanted. The hair is the best quality extension hair that I have ever had! If u are thinking about possibly getting extensions...don't even hesitate!  Crystal is great!!! The price is reasonable, the hair is the best quality, and she has years of experience! Highly recommend!
5	I love this place!! They always have great availibility and the tan lasts!!!! 8) Gets you vegas, beach, and poolside ready!
