5	The place is awesome. Happy hour menu has a great chop chicken salad. Ingredients all fresh, dressing not too heavy. Happy hour menu has many light choices ~not fried. The atmosphere is friendly, modern, industrial. Service was attentive.
5	The food here is very fresh and well balanced.  I have been here twice (proximity to the office) and I am happy they are so close.  I will conitnue to come back here with my wife for dinner to explore teh wine list.  Service was very attentive and I even got to meet the owners, they seem very excited to have such a great spot with such good food.  For those in the area, you will not believe that this used to be Darwins, a dingy sports bar.  If that is what you remember come out to see Nook and be impressed.
5	Absolutely love this place. We came here for dinner last night and were really impressed. The pinot noir on tap (only $5 on happy hour) was perfect. We shared the calabrese pizza which was amazing. I can't wait to come back and try the beer braised pork butt brushetta. The restaurant has the exact layout of The Grind and is a great spot for happy hour or dinner with a date or small group. They also have wonderful service. Can't wait to go back.
5	My new favorite spot in Arcadia!!!  The happy hour is fabulous, but the food is even better.  We had the Arancini, pork butt,  short ribs, Calabrese & finally the chocolate salami.  Everything was delicious!!   Service was perfect, with excellent recommendations and an unbelievable understanding of the menu.  We can't wait to go back, and work our way through this menu with complex tastes!
5	I am so glad this place opened in the neighborhood. Nice ambience, good service, and great food. The shrimp bruschetta was amazing, as was the pizza. And the $5 happy hour pinot noir on tap was a great compliment. Our server explained the menu very well and honestly, I could easily try everything on there. The happy hour menu is diverse and cheap; I can't wait to go back and try the arancini and poutine (fries with gravy) for $5!
4	I liked that when I asked for Iced Tea I received real iced tea and not a strange funky flavor one like many places give you. This place recently opened and our server was very attentive and took the time to explain the menu to us. He strongly favored the halibut tacos and said they were his single favorite thing on the menu so I ordered them. I need to note we were here for lunch so this is only a lunch review based on just one visit.I soon received them and they were I think the most figure friendly meal I ever had out. Aprox. three oz. of halibut between two lettuce leaves (instead of tortillas) , pickled onion , Mexi style tomatoes , avocado , radish,  some crunchy greens and a very mild sauce. This plate was a bit on the mild side for my taste but maybe the intention of the dish was to taste the fish and not to over power it. This plate came with a side of black beans that were seasoned and had some flavors going on. This seemed like a very healthy meal to have out. I also liked that they used halibut and not something like muddy catfish or tilapia.My husband tried the Charcuterie. It was sort of like an around the world kind of plate. It had five kinds of meat , a Chinese Sausage, a Hungarian Sausage, Italian Meats, Fig Jam, Toast, whole grain mustard, pickles, olives and a wedge of Brie Cheese.I noticed an interesting Connecticut Style Steamed burger on the menu that you just don't find too often that might have been fun to try. Someone seated next to us got one and I thought it looked good. 3.5 stars Rounded up for above average service.
5	AMAZING!!!  We've now been five times in two weeks and we've tried almost everything on the menu.  We'll definitely be trying the few entres we've missed! They offer a wonderful, thought out menu,  a great casual atmosphere and a very friendly staff. Definitely the best new restaurant we've tried in years if not ever!! Go, go, go their langoustine dish is to die for and their pizzas are a taste of heaven!!
3	comfortable and cozy but high prices for this neighborhood eatery which tries to overachieve. $17 appetizers and Bianco pizza prices and also a charge for the bread is a bit unfriendly. Also if an item is no longer on the small appetizer menu, please announce it at first. Never happy about a restaurant that tries to be classy and mixes it up with football on the screen. Lots of potential and longevity if it tries to cater to the neighborhood.C
5	I was so excited to try this place. I have lived in the neighborhood for four years and also work at a restaurant in Arcadia. They did a great remodel, considering what it was before. Super cute, great atmosphere. The wine list was very good and so was the food! The arancini's were good. I ordered the steak which was cooked to perfection. I subbed out the risotto for cauliflower mash, which was the best I have ever had. Overall I wasn't expecting to get a steak but I'm glad I did. My friend got the Diavola pizza which was simple but good, spicy in fact. And a lot of pizza. We finished with the bread pudding which was great. Nice crust, tart fruit and caramel ice cream. And Matt really took care of us! Overall a great experience, and a great addition to the neighborhood!
5	Great spot! Comfortable and cozy ambience. Very friendly staff. We were interested in pizza and our server advised us to split a pizza and a salad. We had the Porci and Fungi Pizza and the Arugula Salad. Excellent and just the right amount.  Good wine choices and my Anchor Steam was perfectly chilled. The owner (Frank) stopped by more than once to check on us. A new favorite!
5	NOOK packs the best of everything into the perfect package.Great Menu, fun vibe and cute space.Spinach pizza may be the best in the valley!Halibut Tacos were perfect.Looking forward to many, many more visits..........
5	Nook is an excellent addition to the neighborhood. Everything we had was full of dynamic great flavor and the portions were perfect. From the Arancini, to Pork Bruschetta, to the Chicken Marsala, and finally the Bread and Butter Pudding, we were extremely pleased with the food, service, and price. Don't hesitate to give it a try. We'll be back soon.
5	Tried it out today & have found a new neighborhood favorite...fun place...nice people & great food!
5	If you love Arancini Balls like my wife love balls, you will die for this place.  The happy hour menu is ridiculously good and criminally cheap.  A huge steamed burger (East Coasters) fries and a beer for $10.  Are you kidding me???  The Decor is hipster paradise, the hipsters are cool, inviting and gracious and the service is excellent.  Get your butt over here, you won't regret it!  Tip; ride your bike because you'll need to burn some calories when you leave.
5	At first I wasn't sure how another Italian establishment would fare in this location, but this is such a welcome addition to the neighborhood!  I came for happy hour on a Saturday which is served 7 days a week (love that).  The atmosphere is welcome and casual.  I had the best Pinot Noir on tap for a mere $5, and my friend had a Tito's drink, also $5.  We shared the poutine - so rich and decadent, and a chopped salad which was fresh and healthy.  We were lusting after the pizza that the next table over had ordered, and will definitely be returning for that soon.  Also, our service was excellent and attentive, he even took time to point out other things that were coming out of the kitchen.  I could see making this part of the regular rotation for sure, and will definitely be bringing some friends in here for a meal soon.
5	Loved the margherita pizza & arugula salad was great! Can't wait to get back & eat through the menu.
5	The Diavolo pizza is the best pizza I've ever had! Way better than Bicanco! It's a must have is you like a little kick with your pizza.
4	Went in for lunch last week.  The Florentine pizza was delicious!  I was pleasantly surprised.  The ricotta was creamy but not overkill.  I would highly recommend.  The size was generous, too.  8 slices in a pie.  We also had the Chopped Chicken Salad.  The photo looks like the dressing is heavy, but it was definitely light.  I typically order dressing on the side, but this was perfect.  Between the two of us, I still took home leftovers.  What a great little neighborhood spot!  It's cozy and intimate.  The staff was very friendly.  Heading in for happy hour tonight.  Go check this place out!
5	Cozy little place in an unassuming strip joint with some equally good culinary neighbors. It's new with the typical Phoenician menu of salads, pizzas, beers (what's up with that in Phoenix??), but they also have some unique items as well.  Definitely worth a try in your restaurant line up.
5	Nook was pretty awesome. I'm excited that it's in my neighborhood, and can't wait to return to try more!My husband and I came here for dinner last night, because we wanted to try the new neighborhood restaurant, and had heard good things. When we arrived all of the tables were full, so we had a drink at the bar until one became available. The bartender was very helpful with my wine selection, and offered a taste before I committed to my order. Their bar stools are super comfortable (they were more like padded chairs on stilts) so much that we almost just stayed there to eat our dinner, but decided to wait for a table instead. I can see myself in the future hanging out here just for drinks and watching the pizzas being made at the end of the bar, as the ambiance is very relaxing and they were playing awesome music. We were seated at one of the spacious rounded booths, which was also very comfortable. Our server Kaylita was awesome, very nice, and totally on point throughout our dinner. For food we decided on the deconstructed Asian salad with Salmon cooked medium and the florentine pizza. The salad came out first, the salmon was cooked perfectly and was seasoned very well, the Asian veggies were crunchy and fresh and the ginger rice was very good with subtle flavor. Our pizza was very good too, the ricotta was very and creamy, you could tell they used quality ingredients, the roasted tomatoes were marinated and not mushy, and the crusty was perfect. My only complaint was that the pizza was a little too oily. After my great experience, I will definitely be adding Nook into my neighborhood rotation whether it's for happy hour at the bar, or for dinner.
4	Nook reminds me of Hell's Kitchen. It was surprising to find such a trendy (but not pretentious) place in this little stretch. Gritty, yet artfully decorated, narrow, long and lit for an intimate conversation. The food and wine sampled was impeccable and I'm eager to visit again. With a bigger appetite tho!This place had the perfect date/romance ambience feeling in full effect. Sound is perfectly carried upward. Even with limited amounts of seating, conversation feels private and not shared with a neighboring table.Note: You may very well be sampling something from the drink menu while waiting for a table. We were seated immediately (Wed ~7:30pm). However, I think we just happened to have great timing. The restaurant was buzzing with energy and filled almost to capacity after we were seated. The bar stretches nearly the length of the restaurant. There are two televisions.My partner in crime is a foodie and knows a substantial amount about wine. We were both equally pleased with our red wine selections. The cocktail menu looked interesting as well. (They have a drink called "The Closing Argument" which made me laugh. It's too bad I'm no longer dating a lawyer to test that one out;)After lazily enjoying our wine we finally looked at the food menu. Our server was present, checking on us but never urging us out the door to make a decision. With great difficulty we picked the "Calabrese" from the Pizza Bianco menu.Hoh. Geez.Mozzarella, Taleggio, Caramelized Onions, Sweet Sausage, Calabrian Chilis, EVOO & Basil.There was no need to have accepted the offer for crushed red peppers on the side. The pizza was mouth watering and is just so difficult to describe. The sausage and the chili had the right amount of kick. When partnered with the cheese (Hoh. My) and caramelized onions. Well, amazing things happened in my mouth.This place is a definite must. Must try. Must go.Must go again.Yeah, that good.UPDATE:Dude, you have to try the Chicken Marsala. Seriously. Someone at my table did and was fawning over it. I thought he had to be crazier than normal. "Oh. NO. Seriously. It's so soft. I was able to cut into it using the back of my butter knife."Whatever. Then I fork sampled. LIKE FIVE TIMES.This was a situation where licking a plate would have been appropriate. You know. because THAT can happen. (I was sadly only able to fork sample 5x's as I was daft and waited too long. Pity the fool that makes this mistake!)I'm going back again and ordering this plate solo. Don't come with me, I'm not sharing. We may be friends ... but NOT at the table ;)The other item that looked ridonkulously yummy was the meat and cheese platter. We were told it was made to accompany wine. Well, have a look at my photo. It's big! For a gal, that's a generous serving.GOOD STUFF HERE!Also, I forgot. They have wifi here. Ask for the password! You'll laugh when they give it to you :)
5	I haven't had many dining experiences that make me go "Wow"That being said, Nook is a definite WOW. Our service was incredible. Having worked in restaurants I am relatively critical of the service and we were extremely well taken care of from start to finish. The food was awesome. The first words that come to mind are Italian Chic. Great conversation food and the pizza oven behind the bar adds a cool element to the place. The pulled pork bruschetta were tasty but small. Loved the charcuterie, great assortment of meats cheese and nomz. The pizza was rustic and as good as Bianco, Cibo, or Federal which are a few of my favorites in this town. Check out this hot new spot. You won't be disappointed.
5	I absolutely love this place.  The $5 Pinot Noir on happy hour is great!  Every single thing I've ordered has been completely delicious.  The bruschettas are awesome and I love their pizzas.  Everything is so fresh.  The wait staff is super friendly and eager to serve.  Go eat at Nook!
4	Yummmmmm!Tried it out for Happy Hour and lunch just a few days apart.  We tried the steamed hamburger and fries, chicken chopped salad and bruschetta.  All were so good.  We didn't even have room for dessert.Lunch we tried pizza and salad and were not disappointed.  Unfortunately no room for dessert again, but I hear it is tasty.My only complaint was that when I was there for Happy Hour the management and others were trying out samples from the kitchen where diners could see them.  It just seemed a little unprofessional.  Other than that, I will definitely keep going back and trying out more of the menu....maybe even dessert!
5	Great addition to the neighborhood. You would think we have enough great pizza places to choose from in 85018 but these guys kick it up a notch by adding spice an a unique and yummy crust. Great service and atmosphere. Caprese bruschetta amazing! Great neighborhood place!!
5	We were attracted to Nook because of the 5 Star ratings on Yelp.  Open table didn't even have it.  Their web site did not show a picture of the restaurant, and I was concerned about the ambiance. Well, this is no sports bar.  Despite the two TVs over the bar, this is a sophisticated, modern, cosy and quite place, perfect for an intimate dinner for two people or two couples.  Clean,  and smartly decorated, with comfortable booths and cute menus.  Happy hour prices till 6pm.  They have a limited menu, which is a good thing.  The staff were sincerely happy, friendly, attentive, knowledgable and efficient.  The food was excellent in freshness, presentation, and flavor and cooked to perfection.  Remember to ask what things mean on the menu, like langestino, and salami for dessert(actually chocolate and nuts with dried fruit).  From the fried rice balls and short rib bruchetta appappetizers to the Bread pudding, you can't go wrong at Nook.
4	Arancini. Amazing. Risotto and mozzarella-what's not to like? Great relaxing atmosphere, good selection odd wines. I'm a fan!
4	Hooray for a new neighborhood hang! Just a mile down the street from us. The staff is super friendly and the food is pretty good. I recommend the arancini and the pizza. I had the salmon and it was rather rare and the veggies super salty but maybe it was just an off plate. Happy to go back and try new tings or stick to the pizza. The beer selection isn't bad either and the owner seems to be a cool guy. I think things will only get better now that they have some months under their belt.
5	Stopped in for desert w Marisa and had a great margarita and terrific bread pudding which was served with really delicious macerated fruit.  Neat place, I'll be back!
4	Was here twice and the food was very good both times.
5	First time here and it's solid. Great location and laid back atmosphere. I had the Diavolo pizza and it was super legit. Upper echelon of pizza with Pomo and Bianco. Looking forward to coming back and trying more of the menu outside of the pizza.
5	This is a hidden gem for sure!  Everything from the service, atmosphere, food innovation and taste, home run!  The owner personally introduced himself to us, the service (front and back of the house) was educated, informative, attentive, and passionate.  Very cool, romantic or lounge type vibe to the area.  Food was very creative.  Pizzas are outstanding.  The attention to details in flavor profile was on point too.  I had the chicken marsala and that extra flare of Grand Marnier in there adding the citrus notes was on point!  I'm scared to tell the world about this place b/c I want to be able to get a table any time I want!  :)
4	After reading all of the glowing reviews of Nook on Yelp, I decided I had to try it.  First of all, you might be caught offguard by the fact that it is in a strip mall, but don't let that bother you.  Once you're inside, you totally forget.  With a name like Nook, it is exactly what you would expect--a cozy little Nook of a place.  There's a bar, several booths along the wall, and a few tables in the back.  We sat in one of the booths and were very comfy.  My only complaint is that it is pretty hot in there, but that's due to the presence of the brick oven.  Although I hate being hot during a meal, I'm a little more understanding when I know the heat is coming from that oven.  However, I will say, that makes me wary about going there in the summer.  Moving on...The service was very good.  They don't take reservations for parties fewer than 5, and my party was of 4.  My boyfriend and I got there early, though, to have a drink at the bar, and the hostess was nice enough to seat us without the rest of our party being there when the restaurant started to fill up.  We really appreciated that.Now on to the food.  First, we all shared the shortrib bruschetta.  It was good but not as good as I was hoping for.  The pieces are very small, and, although the shortrib was flavorful, it just wasn't good enough to want it again.  Then our entrees came.  I had the Gamberetti y Funghi pizza.  It was good, but not what I was expecting.  The type of mushroom on it was one that I'd never had before, and it didn't really resemble a normal mushroom to me.  Also the shrimp on it was not my favorite.  Otherwise, the pizza was great--good brick-oven crust, great cheese.  One friend got the Quattro Stagioni pizza and loved it, but I didn't try that b/c I'm not a fan of olives or artichokes.  My boyfriend had the pasta crepe, and it was so different and amazing!  I may have to get it next time.  My friend had the chicken marsala and, although I'm not usually a huge fan, it was fantastic.  All in all, I loved this place!  Next time I will just wear short sleeves and order a different pizza.
3	Went here for lunch today for the first time and loved the atmosphere and service. Everyone was super nice and helpful and the booths are so cushy and comfy! My friend and I shared the Mushroom and Sausage Pizza and the Chicken Chopped Salad. The crust, mushrooms and sausage on the pizza were excellent. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the red sauce. It needed more development, it tasted a bit like tomato paste out of the can. The chicken in the salad was grilled and in nice, small, easy-to-eat pieces. The dressing was a bit watered down and lacking in flavor. All in all, it seemed like Nook just needs a little bit of fine-tuning but has great potential. I would definitely be willing to give it another go, mainly based on the excellent service.
5	This is our new go to spot. Great happy hour, solid drinks, and the fried cheese balls are the shiz. The staff is super friendly, even the chefs making cheese and pizza behind the bar. My only suggestion is doing something with the wall behind the bar to warm it up a bit. Unless your using those giant glasses and bowls for serving they have no purpose. If you are using them I'd like a bottle of wine out of the big glass please.
5	This place is great. The food was really good - especially the deconstructed sushi roll salad with salmon. The staff was also super-friendly. We brought our baby and toddler and it didn't phase them. The owner or manager even came over to see how our dinner was and comment on how great our kids we're being (which was being generous) and the guy making pizza gave our toddler dough to play with. Family friendly and good food. We'll be going back.
4	Omg this place is the cutest little neighborhood joint.  Somehow reminds me of some of the little places that used to be along the train line in Chicago.  Maybe its the decor or the narrowness of the place , I cant really put my finger on it.  It just really doesn't feel like your in Phoenix.  The welcome was warm and inviting.  The service was great.  Everyone was more than happy to explain menu items to us and make suggestions. We ordered The meat and cheese platter to start, it was all sooo good we were fighting over it.  we had both the Funghi pizzas white and red.  We definitely liked the red one better.  Nothing was wrong with the white one, maybe we just weren't big fans of seafood on pizza.  The owner took it off of our bill , we hadn't even eaten one piece of it .  The winner of the night was chicken Marsala .  So good it was everyone's favorite.   We loved the place.  It's not cheap, we will be back for happy hour for sure..
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!  Everything about my experience here was sensational!  The location is great, the space is downright cozy, and the waitstaff seem eager to help and really happy to see you!  The Arancini is a MUST HAVE!What I loved most is when I was asked about my old fashioned, I made what I thought was an under my breath type of comment but within a few minutes, the bartender/manager (I don't know WHAT his role was) asked if he could make me another one.  ABSOLUTELY!I am totally sold on this place and highly recommend it...especially when you want to feel loved.  :-)
4	The pizza is great  - even the gluten free pizza was good.   The service is good and they always greet you when you walk in the door which  only adds to the experience!
4	This place has a great happy hour! The Husband and I went and got arancini, poutine, and a margherita pizza.....I was expecting the happy hour portions to be tiny...they were HUGE! There were like 8 arancini balls and they were some of the best I have had....crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside, and (best of all) the rice still had some texture like a good risotto should. The balls come on top of some wonderful marinara and a balsamic sauce. The poutine I did not LOVE, but it was a huge portion and was good....just got soggy in areas. The pizza was very good. We also had kronenburg beer for 2$/pint. I will be back!!!
5	The service was absolutely outstanding. Water glasses always filled, server had great suggestions, friendly manager, space was interesting and a perfect noise level on a Friday night being that the restaurant itself is pretty narrow. There are a limited number of tables but at 7pm on a weekend we didn't wait for one. We were both super hungry so we each ordered a pizza. Didn't get the chance to order an app because we had to catch a late movie but the salads sounded delicious and by how quickly my neighbor table had theirs I'm guessing it was yummy. I had the funghi e porco with added SPICY soppressata which was highly recommended by my server and it was the best pizza I've ever had! Crust just right-- not too thin but bit doughy and a nice crispness to it (they have a brick oven at the front of the joint) didn't skimp on ingredients either boyfriend had the florentine pizza and had it with a red based sauce also at the recommendation of our server. Absolutely incredible and not too heavy. Ricotta really made it over the top for me. Wine was delicious and fairly priced as well. Oh and the ladies room had a delicious smelling liquid soap and a sea salt scrub that is available for purchase. SWEET! Apparently the men's room had neither though. We left with full bellies and will definitely be back within the month it was THAT GOOD. This place is going to get popular QUICKLY but these guys deserve it!
2	They brought out a burnt pizza and asked if that would be okay for us because "some people like it that way."  We accepted it because we're easy-going but to do that is weird.  The halibut was bland, salad dressing bland and the burger was a quarter of the size of the bun and overall was mediocre. Sadly we won't be back, we love the location and we would love to see the potential.
4	Name describes the atmosphere perfectly. Great food, good service, and awesome happy hour. Woodfire pizza that is comparable to that place named after a color in Italian.
5	Absolutely amazing service and food!!! I am never one to write a review but this place is pretty incredible! Owner came by and talked to us server was friendly and always kept are drinks full!! I got the steamed burger and it was really good! If you have not been here you must go in!!!!!!!
4	Hophead Vodka & Tonic was perfect. HH menu was solid. We had the Skirt Steak (which was actually a 6 ounce ribeye) and the Chicken Marsala. I would recommend either of those to anybody, great customer service great food.
5	It's little name barely describes the huge ambience and flavor this place has.  Skeptical because the previous two business which previously came and went, I entered and was pleasantly surprised how the owners created an atmosphere which you would expect to find in quaint little neighborhoods bordering the west coast and especially in the wine country. The staff were welcoming and relaxed as they displayed their knowledge of the menu as well as the pairings. Our food was presented to us which is quite refreshing since so many places simple "serve".  Appealing to the eye as well as the palette is why this hidden gem gets 5 stars. It's a great place to bring a date, a friend you just picked up from the airport or to bring that special someone that you wish to spend a remarkable evening with.
4	We went for lunch today. Heard it was terrific so I had high expectations. Was warned it was in a sort of strip mall so I wasn't expecting it to beautiful inside. I was not is disappointed! Pizza is fantastic! My husband had the red sauce pizza with mushrooms, fresh basil, and spicy soppresetta. BELLA, crust thin and delicious.Sauce fresh and amazing mozzarella. Place is not fancy, but it feels urban cool and if we lived closer wed be there all the time. Well done!
5	Ventured outside of North Scottsdale and finally made a trip down to Nook for lunch. Hubby and I were big fans on Tagan and Frank's Amaro in Cave Creek, but sadly, things went way downhill when they left :(  We were eager to see what they came up with in their new digs, and we were over the moon!First of all, just loved the space which is designed with comfort in mind. The spacious semicircle booths which line one side of the room are fabulous. I wish more restaurants understood the concept of the booth! And the bar . . . it has plenty of seating to schmooze up to it, grab a beer, kick back and watch a game with your friends. Nook could be trendy, but it reminds me more of a real neighborhood restaurant and bar, the kind like in my hometown of Pittsburgh, PA.  The menu is eclectic, but favors the Italian cuisine. You can choose decadent, like the Arancini, crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside, with the best tasting fresh house-pulled mozzarella, or choose healthy, like the halibut tacos or albacore salad. For our first time, we chose decadent - the Arancini was delectable, and the langoustines were sweet and tender while the accompanying sauce had just the perfect bite. Hubby had the scrumptious Black Forest Ham sandwich which came with perfect fries. I couldn't resist the Gamberetti e Funghi pizza (shrimp, enoki mushrooms, parmesan and mozzarella).  I issue a challenge to anyone who says that shrimp doesn't belong on pizza!!!  Our informative and friendly waiter Jorge almost issued the same challenge to me . . . by remarking that he had only taken two orders for that pizza before and both were decidedly thrilled with their choice! The thin crust pizza was spot on . . . a melding of flavors and textures that really worked magic in my mouth. As an aside, I initially wanted to order it with gluten free crust, but they were out of it. I am not gluten-free as a medical necessity, but by choice . . . Nice to know they "sometimes" have it. You might want to call ahead to make sure it is available if that's important to you.We love that the owners greet you at the door, and that they make time to check in with you, see if you like the food, have opinions, etc. They are eager to make Nook a place for you to call home and feel at home. No doubt we'll be back and bring a bunch of our friends with us!
5	Loved this place! Met some friends here for dinner last night. The staff is super friendly and was over the top catering to our needs. We got the gluten free arugula pizza, chicken chopped salad, salmon and a gluten free dessert (there's only one, can't remember the name). Everything was super tasty. Must try the cilantro mule, very refreshing.  Highly recommend!
3	The concept of the food is good, but the ingredients weren't high enough quality to justify the price. The service was awesome, especially for how large of a party we had.
5	This is a wonderful, cozy place.  My hubby and I have been there a few times now.  All visits have been great.  The last one, we invited one of our friends who lives in the neighborhood to join us.  He was so pleased.  We started at happy hour, their HH deals are great.  I had the arancini, so delicious.  The risotto balls filled with mozzarella and then deep fried and with a reduction of balsamic on the plate, what is not to like.  Creamy inside and crunchy outside, did I mentioned they are deep fried?  We also had the Short Rib Bruschetta and the arugula salad.  Our friend arrived after HH so he ordered a salad that is not on the menu anymore :(, it was a deconstructed salad with salmon.  My hubby also had a pizza.  I wouldn't go there for pizza, since there are so many other places that do just pizza, but the rest of the items are amazing and don't miss the bread and butter bread pudding.  It is AMAZING.  Can't wait to go back.
5	We took a friend here for her birthday and thoroughly enjoyed it! It's nice to see this area being revitalized. The aroma from the open front door out in to the parking lot is enough to fill the place with pedestrian traffic! It is a small affair and can be a tad warm when full but the food & service are perfect. We sat at the bar rather than waiting for a table and had several appetizers including the chicken chop (salad), hummus plate, langoustine and diavolo pizza. The pizza was my favorite. A thin, crunchewy crust with just the right amount of toppings. The spicy soppressata was a little too warm for my wife but I liked it. The hummus was very fresh, as were the veggies that came with it. The staff was attentive without being on top of you every moment. The owners were there and getting their hands dirty with their staff. You can tell they are a tight knit group that enjoys working with each other. They made a point to stop and talk with their customers and support the staff the entire time I was there. Finally, they gave my friend a free dessert for her birthday! The Affogato is a mix of lemon ice cream, chocolate crumble and a chocolate sauce with a shot of espresso on top. I tried it and it was awesome! Check this place out, but be prepared for a wait if you want a table on a busy night. It's great to know Phoenix is attracting and supporting establishments like Nook. Cheers!
4	I decided to try something new, and discovered The Nook. Though it's located in a old looking plaza, it's interior design inside  is quite nice. I managed to get in right before happy hour ended, and ordered the beer braised pork butt bruschetta and the vongle pizza.The pork bruschetta smelled and tasted so amazing, I was definitely left wanting more. The vongle pizza was good, but it could have been better. The center of the pizza was limp, and the pizza was barely above warm.I would definitely come back to have the bruschetta again, and possibly a pasta dish.
5	Couldn't resist another meal at Nook . . . especially the Arancini  . . . I'm totally addicted!!  I just have to high five this place another time for its fabulous food and friendly atmosphere. This time, not only were we greeted by Frank, but we were introduced to their adorable and talented Chef Nick who by the way was just featured in the Phoenix New Times.  I love a place where they treat you like family and appreciate your patronage!
4	One word: poutine. Get it with a fried egg-the yolk and gravy make magic together.  During HH, it's only $5 and you get your money's worth! Nook is a super friendly neighborhood joint worth investigating at least once if you live in the area. Frank, the owner, was around several times to make sure our food and service was up to his level (and to recommend the egg on the poutine, which I'm glad he did!) The pizzas are yummy but not entirely original. With the advent of so many gourmet pizza restaurants these days, I fear the lack of invention of Nook will doom it, as it has many restaurants before it. My message to Frank: your food is solid, beer selection great (yea Anchor Steam!), prices are good, ambiance is lovely-Just give me some innovation to be excited about! Also, the poutine is a knock out. Thanks for the egg ;)
3	I've been here probably 4 or 5 times.  All other visits have been 4/5 stars. The pizza is great, never a bad pie. Highly recommend the poutine. This review receives less stars and it is partly my fault. I asked the pretty blonde girl behind the bar for a glass of Cabernet, and she poured me a taste and it was fine. So great that I had 2 glasses.  However when the bill came, little did I know they were $14 per glass. Again, partial my fault for not asking ahead of time, but I'm sure there are lesser wines on the menu and typically when you say "I'll have a Cabernet" you usually receive the house wine.  I'm sure I'll be back, but this visit left a bad taste
5	This place is cute and small but has great simple decor and awesome food.We started withe the arancini to start and it was filled with gooey cheese and had a crunchy outside...I could probably eat a million of those delicious little balls. The marinara sauce was delicious as well -its the simple things that can make anything better. We then had the ribeye and the calabrese pizza with a side salad. The greens were really basic but fresh and crunchy with yummy veggies mixed with a very lemony vinaigrette. The pizza was delicious- the crust itself was garlicy and perfectly crunchy. The fresh pulled mozzarella was amazing and gooey and creamy. The sausage was perfect with the garlic and caramelized onions. Boyfriends ribeye was delicious and the gorgonzola risotto was amazing. It had a great saffron rice taste at the beginning and then the aftertaste was the tart yummy gorgonzola. Our one complaint about it was the platting. It was served in a bowl with the big ribeye on top and risotto and veggies on the bottom. It wasn't that pretty, which didn't matter because the dish was awesome but it also wasn't very functional for that piece of meat. It made it hard to cut the meat on top of the risotto and then you had to literally dig the veggies out. So hopefully someone sees this and can take it into consideration.We didnt have any room for dessert but it all looked awesome. Their happy hour has a great menu and great prices. I think this place will be a once in a while for a full dinner but  we both agreed we would add this to our list of places to go for happy hour. You can beat it.
4	Food Quality--5 starsPricing/HH Options---3 starsWell, this place was a very welcome surprise!  Nook has been on my list of "must try' places and I finally got there to try it last night.  We got there about 4:30 to take advantage of HH specials and got seated immediately in a cute little alcove just off the entrance.  We sat in some really comfy little club chairs and my dining buddy was in heaven because we had arms on them!  I was in heaven because the place smelled so darned good :).  We had several things recommended to us but there were a couple of special items that caught our eye at the same time: poutine and arancini.  We ordered those and had some lovely beverages while we waited.  DB had some wine and it was pronounced delicious.  I was more in the mood for something fruity and cool, so got a grapefruit/vodka concoction that was really yummy.  The arancini was the best I've ever had...I've only had it 3 times so am by no means any expert.  The sauce and consistency was really nice and we scarfed them up in no time.   The poutine was the star of the show though; again I'm no expert but was just amazed by the gravy and fries(double fried makes a difference!!!).  The addition of a fried egg was sheer genius!..We noshed leisurely and had a couple more beverages AND dessert!  Tracy Dempsey bread pudding!!!  I love it but don't have it very often---it was heavenly and worth the calories.  We also got to meet the chef and he was very sharp, sharing some of his future ideas with us.  So, how to get the coveted 5th star?  A better array of selections for HH would be great.  My drinks were pricey so I can't come as often as I'd like.  Maybe a drink special of the week?  I loved the HH specials we had but there weren't as many selections as I'd like to see.  With a chef of this caliber, maybe testing some things out as appetizers would be great.Try different spins on the poutine.  THAT is your moneymaker!!!  A breakfast poutine, a southern poutine, a hatch chili poutine, it's ALL good.  (This will move you away from strictly Italian inspired, into the Comfort food category which opens a lot of new doors).Think about adding to the salad selections (perhaps a salad pizza?).  The selections seem kind of pedestrian and new creations will really help business during the summer.Speaking of pizza, BREAKFAST pizza would be a winner,  Egg, gravy, sausage.  Oh, yeah!When we left, I was drunk on great food and delicious grapefruit beverages.  When the bill came, I paid and left a good tip.  I am still thinking about you, Nook, and plan to come back!
2	Very small restaurant. Went for lunch and ordered a chicken salad and it was very bland. I may try this place again as most of the reviews on here are great...but the salad was definitely nothing special.
5	I have never written a review for another restaurant but have to shout about the NOOK! It simply has the very BEST pizza I've ever had in my entire life! It's a small, cute, friendly restaurant with amazing waiters and staff. They are well informed about their menu and always very courteous. We have returned to the Nook four times in two weeks after discovering this treasure! My favorite pizza is the Florentine; it's creamy ricotta cheese elevates it to a slice above all others, while it's crisp cracker like crust delights!!! It's cooked to perfection every time. My husband loves the  (meat lovers -not called that) pizza and always threatens to order two! We can't wait for our relatives to visit us from out of town so we can share this wonderful dining experience with them! Once you've tried the Nook, you'll probably become a regular there too! Enjoy!!!
4	We find our way back to Nook, the food is all very well done.  Comfy booths and atmosphere. The bar stools are comfy too but, it could use a bit of visual interest on the wall behind the bar.  Over all, the place is well run, food good and we like the staff.
5	Fantastic food and great atmosphere!!!! Pizzas and scallops were yummy and the salad and caprese are fresh and tasty.  Frank and the Gang, you are rocking it!!
5	Dining here at the moment, and I must say that I am blown away by the simplicity of the decor, menu and style of service. Kayla, my sweet server was extremely, extremely knowledgable about the menu. I had ordered exactly what she had recommended (the Diavolo pizza and the Magician red blend -- both of which were absolutely divine!) Matt, whom I have just now learned is one of the owners, has approached my table 3 times within my dining experience and just like Kayla and the hostess (I am unsure of what her name is), is SO kind and sincere. Thank you, Nook, for a delicious dinner and a great display of genuine hospitality!
4	another little gem in Arcadia.  The mushroom pizza  and chicken chop salad are all I've had so far, but both were very good.Cool ambience...I will go again
5	OMG I AM OBSESSED. Nook is soooo incredible. I could eat their Margarita pizza everyday! Their staff is so nice and makes sure you're taken care of :)
3	The service was great. The place had a great look and feel to it. I appreciate that they reached out to do something different with the bruschetta but I wouldn't order it again.
4	Great happy hour!  The wood fired pizza is yummy, too!  We arrived early for Sat dinner an were thrilled to get a table right away.  This place is definitely a "must try" when you're in the neighborhood!
5	Went here for the first time with my boyfriend this past Friday night for dinner. First impression...it's a small restaurant with a cool, hip ambience...a good place for a date or a small group. For drinks we ordered the rosemary baby & cilantro mule. Both cocktails were delicious, interesting & creative. As for food, we ordered the vongole (a white pizza with bacon & clams) and the chicken Marsala (with a grand marnier reduction).  Food was phenomenal & flavors were on point.  Service & staff were excellent & attentive. Met with the owner Taygen, very friendly & cool & checked up on us few times to ensure we were happy with everything. Definitely would come back again to try their other unique dishes.
5	Great experience. Located in a strip shopping center, the vibe inside is hip, fun and inviting. The staff was AMAZING; from the owner who greeted us at the door, to the bartender who said hello as we passed by the bar, to our great server.Really nice wine list with reasonable prices for bottles and glasses. Have a fun selection of hand crafted house cocktails. Pizza was outstanding with a great bubbly crust and house-made mozzarella. Fresh toppings and a nice tomato sauce made for a perfect combo. Chicken Marsala was outstanding. And try the arrancini  rice ball apps - very yummy.Even if the food wasnt as excellent as it was, I'd go back because the staff was so damn nice. Give this place a try!!
4	What a wonderful little restauant in Arcadia. The service is exceptional and the pizza is terrific. The crust is thin with a perfect "chew level". The place is very clean and you just can't beat Tito's on tap.
4	I am a few days late on this review...but the memory of a super white mushroom pizza and a really fresh and light salad is still fresh in my mind.  Cute place, cozy booths, an awesome waitress, and great food.   My best date, my kiddo, has already added it to her favorites list!
5	What a fantastic culinary discovery!! The Nook has amazing and original Italian food. Not your basic tomatoes and pasta place. Their chef is world class with such dishes as the "Pasta Crepe" with sauteed chicken breast. Never tasted anything so delicious!!What was a bit of a negative was the size of the place. It is tiny and looks like just a bar at first glance. Want this business to expand so many other diners may enjoy the taste delights I experienced here. They do have unique cocktails that my companion really enjoyed. Next time I plan on tasting more of the appetizer selection and one of the scrumptious sounding desserts. Worth every penny!!!
5	Super delicious neighborhood nosh!  I can walk here and it's so so good. Great music & atmosphere.  Laid back, friendly staff.   I always get the Albacore Salad even though it's not on the menu anymore, and it's so so good. My boyfriend swears by their Margarita Pizza, saying it's the BEST pizza in the valley. I definitely recommend Nook to anyone looking for a new restaurant to try. Yum yum, go here!!!
5	Hands down the BEST gluten free crust in all Phoenix! I have not stopped dreaming with that pizza ever since I tasted it. I even had mine without cheese, I can only imagine what it would taste like with cheese and a normal crust!!! It makes me so jealous!!! Jaja! No for real though, my pizza was truly, truly one of the best I've had in long time and I'm counting the days to go back! I had the one with artichoke hearts, (I can't remember the name) it was actually supposed to have 4 cheeses on in it, and as I mentioned already, I had the cheese removed and added sausage....let me tell you, it was heaven on earth! I got my pizza fix for at least a year! Fortunately I won't have to wait that long to go back, teehee.Besides the insane pizza flavors, on Sundays you can get any bottle of wine for half off...that's right, ANY BOTTLE half off..... So, my friend and I split an $80 bottle for 40, which means we each paid 20 for a bottle we would never buy otherwise! Well, I think it was a sweet deal...was it worth it? YES. Service was suuuuuper friendly and helpful, from the Maitre'D to our waiter, everyone was eager for us to enjoy our experience.Can NOT wait for next time!!
4	Met with Linda W. at Nook yesterday- it was both our first time there.  Sat at one of the circular half-booths that line the wall, at which one end terminates at a wine cellar and the other at the entrance.  The noise level was jarring at first, and made me wish we'd kept the initial offering of a booth closer to the entrance (less noisy), but after a few minutes' of adjustment, our central booth with a great view of the bar and kitchen just opposite was a nice choice.  There is a HUGE step up to get into the booth (about eight inches), so be careful as you step down.  I was wearing a mini-skirt and thought I could just slide off the seat onto the floor, but I forgot about all of that space...  When I come back to Nook, I won't be wearing a mini-skirt!  :)Our server Alice was very personable and easily shared her faves when prompted.  I commented that she knew "her stuff," and she quickly came back with "except about the cornstarch," referring to the queries I had regarding certain menu items.  Now, onto our happy hour selections:Linda ordered a $2 pint of Kronenbourg 1664, a pale lager made in Strasbourg, France.  It smelled fruity, which I welcomed, but it had enough of a hoppy flavor for me to dislike.  However, Linda liked it a lot.  She ordered the $5 Poutine, which consisted of house-cut fries, mozzarella curds, and beef gravy (made with cornstarch) and added a fried egg for an extra $2.  If you are part of a group of three or more, I suggest to get TWO fried eggs added!  We didn't have the problem of very soggy fries due to the beef gravy arriving in a separate bowl. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nook-phoenix?select=nz1KtnNBoqgYiwokAbqKKQ#nz1KtnNBoqgYiwokAbqKKQ  Her other selections were the $5 Caprese bruschetta, which I didn't try (I'm avoiding inflammatory foods, such as tomatoes), http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nook-phoenix?select=Ujg_pGder-78HkVW2ZYPTA#Ujg_pGder-78HkVW2ZYPTA and the $5 Arancini, which were mozzarella and red pepper risotto balls, battered and fried, and placed on a bed of marinara sauce and balsamic drizzle.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nook-phoenix?select=LdcmR5wLzqm1eyno_g38_A#LdcmR5wLzqm1eyno_g38_A  I said the heck with my rice allergy and tried one and found it mild and creamy, with a nice aroma from the red bell peppers.  Glad I tried it!Since I didn't enjoy the Kronenbourg sample Alice brought me, I asked for a glass of the 10 Span Pinot noir, which was drier than I prefer, but paired alright with the Beer-braised pork butt bruschetta; That is, until I later sampled the 10 Span Pinot gris, which made for a heavenly match with said app.  The pulled pork came with a "secret BBQ sauce," which was slightly sweet and more importantly, free of corn syrup and mustard, two ingredients that keep me from ordering anything that usually comes with BBQ sauce.  Wait till you take a bite of the pork and coleslaw... oh my goodness!  The sourness from the coleslaw cuts the sweetness of the sauce and makes the app so much fun to eat.  Better than foreplay, I tell ya!  ;) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nook-phoenix?select=xTAc8Lwz804Do8tdHQj9xg#xTAc8Lwz804Do8tdHQj9xg  The $7 Fig bruschetta was very good, arriving with smoked prosciutto, goat cheese, and an asparagus spear, all sprinkled with herbs.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nook-phoenix?select=l9TYtf4Or2WEOr369_zJFQ#l9TYtf4Or2WEOr369_zJFQ  Order this if you want to keep it light, yet tasty.  The piece de resistance for me was the $8 Bread & butter bread pudding, which came with an apple-cranberry compote and caramel ice cream on top, a Tracey Dempsey creation. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nook-phoenix?select=GLY1jPWqO5mH9uSUIsAHsA#GLY1jPWqO5mH9uSUIsAHsA  The compote I could do without, as I found it to be too sour, but the caramel ice cream and warm bread pudding combo was orgasmic!  I even had a spoonful of cold bread pudding leftovers this morning and was still amazed by the flavor and textures.  The flavor was eggy, which made me think this could make for a great French toast (too bad Nook doesn't offer breakfast service), but what took this bread pudding over the top for me was the tres leches flavor of the custard.  I will most certainly order this dessert again!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nook-phoenix?select=ivZlqH9o6nDnSu7PC3U-zw#ivZlqH9o6nDnSu7PC3U-zwKudos to Nook for the delightful flavors and laid-back, yet sexy atmosphere, and to Alice for great service!
5	So... run don't walk to this quaint local bar and eatery that has delicious food and a great happy hour.  I stumbled upon this urban and modern, but comfortable establishment Thursday, March 27th.  Ready for a drink and bite to eat, this place delivered that and more.  We started with a "lite beer' Kronenbourg 1664 for um, $2.00-Yes, $2.00!  Moved on to the bruschetta (beer braised pork butt) and it was great, then we tried the Arancini (risotto balls) even better!  We were getting full but everyone was getting a pizza so we decided to try the Margherita pizza and it was heaven.  The chicken chopped salad was awesome as well.  Can't rave more about this place.  Please check them out... they will be adding outdoor seating by the summer and I can't wait to sit outside by the fountain and try some of their other menu items!  Our server Ralph was very informative and the owner stopped by to check on us as well.  What a great place... we'll be back-soon!
4	Just tried Nook for their happy hour. It was delicious!  I highly recommend the beer braised pork butt bruschetta. It was phenomenal. Even my 2 year old who isn't a huge fan of meat couldn't get enough. I look forward to going back for the wood fired pizza and to try their short rib bruschetta. Oh, and the server was great, friendly and attentive!  I'm excited to come back to further explore the menu!
2	Not so much a review as an observation. I love the food at this restaurant, and have frequented it several times over the last year. Tonight was a real eye opener though. Dishwasher drops a towel on the floor mat and unknowingly steps on it. A server notices the towel which has been there for a couple of minutes, and picked it up, placing it on the counter of the wait station. Another server unwittingly begins to clean the wait station with said towel. Once finished the server places said towel near the silverware tubs. Moments later the server proceeds to polish all of the silverware with said towel. All this took place while the owner was completely oblivious and engrossed in whatever was occurring on his smartphone at the time. Really sad because the food is always good here; the chef is very focused and turns out great quality. Think I'll have to wait until this cycle of silverware is done, before returning
5	We went to Nook today for the first time, and WOW are we glad we did! Nice place, with a good size bar down one side. From the moment we walked in the door and sat down at the bar, everyone there made us feel welcome. Carrie was great behind the bar, and we wish we knew the name of the guy who fired up our pizza for us a half hour before it was time! It was AMAZING!! They went out of their way to make sure we were happy. We will be back immediately! Go there, and get one of those pizzas in your face right now!!
3	Ok so just left Nook and I SO wanted to LOVE it but just need lots of improvements. Ordered bruschetta soup and pizza. They forgot the soup???? And bruschetta took 40 minutes and pizza 55 minutes?????  Yes it was very good but way too long to wait especially since it was half empty. I could understand if it was busy but NOPE!!!!  Waiter felt so bad he forgot the soup and I did feel bad for him but don't think we will be back. Just too many amazing places in Arcadia to pay that much for that service
5	Four words:  prosciutto and arugula pizza. Three words:  to die for!  My new favorite neighborhood spot. Oh and the short rib bruschetta?  Yowza!
5	Best pizza around to go with great happy hour. 4 dollar Tito's is a can't miss till 6 PM. Very cool spot
3	Before reading any further. This restaurant warrants a second try. The food was great and service was attentive. I was soured by the experience by one pretty big misstep, that I truly believe happens once in a blue moon.The restaurant itself is tucked away in the middle of a strip mall in the heart of Arcadia. It's one of the many restaurants in the area that are easy to dismiss or drive by altogether without stopping inside. Once inside though, it exudes personality. It's designed as if it's an Italian wine bar - A nice concept and well executed. It would be an excellent choice as a date night.I had the chance to try both the Chicken Marsala and the Pasta Crepe dishes, both of which the waiter recommended as the best dishes on the menu. The Crepe was described as basically a pan-fried patty of pasta. The chicken was then layered on top of the pasta. It tasted great, if only slightly under-salted. The Chicken Marsala was terrific, had it been cooked. I tasted the pasta first, which was perfectly al-dente, but upon cutting in to the chicken, the center was raw. The staff was extremely apologetic - Both the server and the chef came over to apologize, which was nice. Once the replacement came out, I've got to say that the dish still managed to pass my expectations. If only they got it right on the first try!Nook would have straight-up gotten a 4 star rating had they fully cooked the chicken. I was a little disappointing that they knocked off a beer instead of comping the Marasala. Either way, the service and food turned out to be great. Definitely worth a second try.
5	Love NOOK - great food (yummy pizzas/salads/apps), excellent drinks (try the mule!), and fabulous customer service (often you will even get a visit from the very nice owner just to check in on you).  I'd rather not give such a good review so I can keep this little gem my secret but that wouldn't be fair:) I must stop for lunch/dinner!
5	Great Happy Hour tonight at NOOK. As usual their standards remain high and the quality never fails to impress.  Everything this foodie has tried there is absolutely delicious. The servers are exceptional and  the hands on management team ensures very happy customers. The bar has a great atmosphere. Drinks are well mixed, varied and served promptly.  This restaurant is a great find, housed in the ever popular Arcadia district.  Go hungry,stay late and eat hearty. You will NOT be disappointed.
4	Tried this place out for the first time. Hit happy hour on a Friday. Great service, our party of six was seated promptly, even though seating somewhat limited due to narrow confines. Attentive and knowledgable waiter. Great food. The bruschetta we tried was excellent, and the pizzas even better. Our favorites were the pork belly bruschetta and the Calabrese pizza. Beer selection on tap rather limits, but what they offer is quality. With wider beer selection would be 5 stars.
5	This place is awesome.  Easily the best place I've been in phoenix. The ambience is nice, I especially liked the leather lounge chairs. The food is excellent,  and I managed to make it in for happy hour so I got excellent value for my money. I ordered the arancini, and the beer braised pork butt bruschetta for my apps. The arancini were one of the best appetizers I've had in my entire life. The bruscetta were good but they cooled down very quickly so they became proportionally less attractive. They were also piled high so they were a little difficult to fit in the mouth. The entree I had was the Salmon. I have to admit, I didn't go for seafood. I was going to get chicken, but I decided to gamble and asked my waitress what she ordered when she ate there. Paid off very nicely. I was extremely satisfied with the fish, nice lightly charred with just a hint of the rosemary sprig that it was speared with. The squash were very flavorful with an unexpected but very pleasant spiciness. And the mashed cauliflower was amazing, I love cauliflower but I've never thought to make it like that before. I live in Texas, just in phoenix for the weekend on business, but this place will definitely be on my itinerary next time I come through here!
5	My husband and I went to Nook for our usual Saturday night dinner date, and I am so glad we did. Our entire experience at Nook was very enjoyable.We started out by trying some of their craft cocktails - make sure you get the Rosemary's Baby! It's a different and refreshing take on a margarita, with rosemary and red bell pepper. Seriously delicious.We also each enjoyed our own pizzas (i'm vegetarian, he is not) and we both loved our selections. The pizza, along with the caprese bruschetta, made for a delicious dinner.However, my favorite part of the meal was our desserts. Starting out with their Cacao Americano cocktail, I thoroughly enjoyed their delicious take on strawberry shortcake. Strawberries, lemon cookies, basil ice cream - to die for! This is a must have for anyone who wants to try something a little different, but a lot delicious!
4	Awsome pizza had the prosciutto pie and few beers at the bar on a Tuesday. No complaints.
5	Great atmosphere, solid ambiance, excellent service, tasty drink selection and a dinner menu to die for.Try the Calabrese Piazzo, perfect spice, sweet chillies, three cheeses and spicy sausage.
5	The pizza is flippin' out of this world!
4	Pizza was on point! Chewy crust, fresh mozzarella and delicious topping! Sausage & mushroom and vingole will not disappoint. Manager stopped by the table to personally thank us and check in which was a nice touch. Good atmosphere, a nice addition to the Arcadia neighborhood- I will be back!!
5	The food is delicious, the menu  has a lot of variety and the beer and wine is excellent. The service is professional and friendly as well.  I highly recommend this place and look forward to going back again and again.
5	Was really impressed with the food and service of this place.  The restaurant is not huge tucked away in a strip mall.  Decent wine list.  Really great pie. One of the best I have eaten.  We all order red sauce so I can't comment on the white.  The other dish that was a hit were the halibut tacos.  I didn't taste them but the DH liked them very much.  Would now go back again in a heart beat.
5	The food is delicious. We ordered the arancini and it was divine - crispy on the outside and warm/ gooey cheese on the inside. The pizza has delicious. The sauce had a hint of sweet which I love and was packed with toppings. Friends ordered halibut tacos and linguini and clams - both loved their meal. We split the strawberry basil shortcake and the snicker doodle dessert. The strawberry dessert was like nothing I have ever tasted. It was such an amazing combination of flavors. Very unique and the plating was beautiful.  The snicker doodle was our fave.The server was attentive and helpful for first timers. He was patient with us gabbing gals. The atmosphere was intimate and comfortable. The exposed brick, wall made of wood with candles,  beautiful lighting, and rolled silverware in fancy fabric napkins set the ambience.  Really a great restaurant for a date night or just a dinner with some close friends. Highly recommended!
5	We went for our first time about 2 months ago! Have been back 2 more times. Very good pizza and other dishes. Nice selection of beers and service is great! The wait staff have always make suggestions to make your dinner even better with little adjustments to the order that are special. The owner gives his personal touch and came around every time to make sure all is ok? It is our new neighborhood pizza joint! PS tons of gluten free stuff even the pizza and it is very nice!
5	Best pizza this family has had anywhere ~ as the evening went on the menu only got better.   My husband took my boys and me out for my birthday dinner..   he suggested we try Nook and we were game.   It quickly shot to the top of our all time favorite restaurants...  Service was top notch, owner stopped by to inquire how we were, and our food tasted as good as it looked *and it all was gorgeous.*  We will be back, what a wonderful evening we had ~ we highly recommend!
5	Really cool little restaurant with a great vibe. Amazing wine list by a world class sommelier. Every food item is thoughtfully planned prepared. I recommend this place!
5	I usually don't write reviews but this place knocked me off my feet in the best possible way. My family ordered a fig bruschetta appetizer that was a 10/10, i ordered halibut tacos. Delicious!
5	Seriously,  I rarely rant and rave... but last night's dinner at the bar with my wife was amazing!   Living and dining in the 85018 zip code area for the last few years has got us spoiled with all the great places to dine.But what separates our experience from others was the TOTAL package:   Quality of food, knowledgeable wait staff (everyone) and ambiance.  They ticked all the boxes and now it's not if we go back, it's WHEN.Ultimately, if you prefer 'mom and pop' establishments , where the owner is present, helpful, and does whatever it takes to make your experience memorable (even if it's just a $50 check) - you've found the place!We were so impressed by their genuine desire to make sure we enjoyed ourselves.  From cocktails,  to appetizers,  to dinner their suggestions were based on our answers to their questions.  They seemed like they were there to help and serve - and did a masterful job.Highly recommend it!  It is now on our 'we will be a regular there' list...  Enjoy!
5	I hesitate to share how good this place is, as I want it to myself, but everyone who works there is so nice, and I want them to do a fantastic business.  We have eaten there about 10 or 12 times.  I have great respect for Chris Bianco, for what he has done, and his pizza is sublime, but Nook's pizza is just as good, and in some cases might even be better.  The owners are fanatic about having the best and freshest ingredients.  I also like the vibe, which has the casual feel of your favorite neighborhood bar, but with exquisite food that you have never tasted at any bar.  The Chicken Marsala should win an award, as should many of their pizzas, which come from perhaps the larger pizza oven in AZ.  Ralph and Jorge are top notch waiters, too.
5	The beer selection is delicious and the food is amazing.  Fantastic food and dining experience and beautiful ambiance.  I was all excited to write a review thinking that I would be one of this first and I am happy to see that there are 111 positive reviews.  The Arcansani and bruchettas are fabulous as the other yelpers mention, but I have eaten here three times and everything on the menu is delicious.  Amazing dining experience and even reasonably priced!  Five stars!!!
2	First thing I noticed was the noise level, very loud, hard to hear conversation.  Must be popular because only seats at bar aavailable at 6pm on fridaye night. Bar was overstaffed perhaps as the service of two different servers was soooooo attentive it bbordered on irritating (interrupting conversation to ask if we had questions about menu, drinks, refills, etc , at one point actually replaced my soggy cocktail napkin as I was sipping my water). Bar was also doing double duty as pizza oven, food prep, purse storage....generally cluttered & unsure of its purpose, maybe could be said of whole restaurant? The best part of meal were the pork butt & short rib bruschetta, my halibut tacos were also tasty, but the pasta crepe was bland & chicken overcooked. As a final note, it was very pricey (96$ for2 ) AND we were asked to move our seats. Not a great experience.
4	Love their happy hour! The short rib bruschetta melts in your mouth! I haven't had one thing I don't enjoy and Anthony (bartender ) makes sure you are always taken care of!
4	This is the sort of place that makes foodies happy but can please anyone.  Everything is delicious and interesting, but in ways that aren't intimidating.  Plus the atmosphere is lovely and the service is excellent.One foodie indication: the menu was absolutely perfect for the season.  The lightness and freshness of the tastes is just perfect for summer.  The halibut tacos were served with avocado and radishes in lettuce wraps - perfect!  The strawberry and basil shortcake was so incredibly refreshing and delicious (please order this, you won't be sorry!).  The Giardino pizza, though lovely in any season, was so incredibly aromatic that we couldn't wait to eat it!  And the bruschetta that we started with had halved cherry tomatoes instead of shopped ones - interesting as well as tasty.  Even the service was lovely and enthusiastic.All this wonderful foodie food came in nice portions, and we had an appetizer, two dinners and a dessert for about $50.We'd been wanting to try this place, but with all of the amazing gourmet pizza in Phoenix/Scottsdale, it took a while.  We're so glad we did!!
4	So, I graduated with a double major and 2 months later, I was still unemployed as fate would have it. Thus, instead of wallowing in ice cream and Netflix, I decided to gorge my sorrows down at all the pizzerias in Arcadia after every failed interview like a true champ during this slow period of agony.I still have to write reviews for the other places, but Nook is definitely freshest in my mind. This review speaks mostly to the prosciutto and meat lovers. If you happen to be a gluten-free, veggie lover, you and your cult can stop reading as of right now. Most other pizza places only give you the smaller option of like a 7" pizza, but here at Nook, their standard is a lot bigger and honestly you could split between two and not break the bank. Not a single space on the pizza is left empty, even if you only ordered just one simple topping because their fresh-pulled mozzarella is like an entirely new topping, with certain areas with bigger chunks of cheese than other areas. Only thing that kind of irked me was that I asked to add spinach and instead of sprinkling it throughout the crust and baking it, they just put a bunch of raw spinach in the middle which isn't exactly what I was expecting. It seriously was like my eyes were deceiving me. There was so much prosciutto on my pizza that I can only compare it as if you were unfolding an onion. Layer after layer, it was never ending, like it was saying "Don't worry Loretta, we'll always be here for you." So reassuring and gratifying, just like the guy's voice from those Allstate commercials. We also had the Pork Butt appetizer and those were right on par as well, not too much sauce to just overwhelm the taste buds and just a little coleslaw for some coolness and tang. Great place for a date and service is very friendly and flexible with options. Great place that takes the extra time to concentrate on careful portions.
5	Love this place! I came here about a month ago to do a wine tasting for a bachelorette party. Not sure if they do this regularly but it was a great accommodation. The owner (also a sommelier) put together some small plates of charcuterie, fruits, and nuts and paired them with all different kinds of wine. The service was great and the he did a phenomenal job explaining the most commonly used wino terms. He also taught us how to pick out some great wines and made awesome wine recommendations for the budget friendly wine drinker:)
4	The menu is great. Something for everyone ... You have the classics and the twists. We enjoyed some of both. Caprese bruschetta and the BBQ pork butt bruschetta.  The nookerdoodle dessert was delicious and we had absolutely no problem finishing that off-- however, I do hope the pastry team may have had a bad day because there was hardly any shortening or compound ingredient in the tart of the dessert. It fell apart as though it was dry, rather than crumble as a tart should. A little too grainy because the coarse sugar did not melt into the crust.  Also, wishful thinking... Serve in a bowl or pasta plate ? It was so hard to eat ice cream etc on a plate !
5	Nook makes mouth happy. I've only been here for happy hour, but I'm pretty sure after today, I'll never happy hour at any other place ever again... First of all, Nook offers happy hour on Saturdays. Second, Nook is just has a really awesome vibe, and you can even watch the employees pull fresh mozzarella and bake handmade pizzas right at the bar. [There's something oddly erotic about watching a man pull pounds of fresh mozzarella... or I could just be really, really hungry...] The greatest thing about Nook's happy hour is that they don't change the portion sizes at happy hour just because the prices are halved. I can't tell you how much I HATE restaurants that do that. It's not actually a special if you're offering a half order at half price. Bastards. The portions are pretty epic - the arancini came 6 to an order and were sweet/savory, hot, cheesy, crunchy, and amazing; the poutine was definitely a dish to share (although I wish it had come with more gravy and more cheese curds); and the bruschetta came 4 pieces to an order. Ordering all of the three dishes above only set me back $17 at happy hour and was more than enough for two people to share. This place is AMAZE and I'm so happy we have yet another great culinary hotspot in Arcadia!
5	First time to Nook! We were seated right away by a really cool dude who gave us our menus and we sit for not even a few minutes when our server Ralph came and took our drink ordersThe first dude came back and answered all of our questions and then Ralph came with our drinks and also have us his two cents on his favorites as well and it didn't take us long to decide at all with all the details they both gave us. We ordered the "porco de fungi"? I think that's what it was called but it's was really really good(: The food was so good we ordered a second pie which was just the "fungi", a white pizza We're coming back :D
4	This place was such a nice surprise! We were craving Italian but so many good restaurants are closed on Sundays. Nook, OPEN and 1/2 off bottles of wine! There were a few TVs with baseball on which was great. The environment was laid back but casually elegant. In other words, with the right person, this place can be either romantic or fun or both! We started with a charcuterie board which featured, some nice meats and 2 cheeses, olives and spreads. Very good. I had a mixed greens salad with red wine vinaigrette. Very fresh tasting, simple but good. For the entrees, he had the Diavolo pizza. It wasn't amazing but pretty good when I tried a bite.I like my pizza a little crispier. I had the chicken marsala which was very good. It was made with Gran Marnier and you could taste the sweetness through the marsala sauce. Everything arrived promptly. There weren't that many people there but a few came after we did. The waiter I think was Ralph and he was very friendly and helpful with the menu. The wine list is nothing special but there are a couple good ones. The one we tried was the Yangarra Grenache which we both felt was flat with no lustre, no finish. But at least it was half  off.  I know the bottles of wine were half off that time on Sunday so I am curious to see what other specials they have as I'm sure I would go back.
5	Saw this place on yelp and decided to try something new. So glad I did! Loved this place! It wasn't a big restaurant. It was small and cozy but modern. We were greeted and seated right away. Our server, Ralph, came to our table a couple minutes later with water. He explained the menu and we decided on the risotto balls, pork butt bruschetta and chicken Marsala. Everything was AMAZING! I am not a big fan of chicken Marsala but this one made me want to lick the plate clean. Yes, it was that good! Definitely going back soon!
4	Great little place with yummy food. Very attentive staff and the owner came by the table say hello which I always appreciate. The prices seem a bit high (just a bit) but I'm sure that's relative to Arcadia. I'll be back for sure!
5	Just finished an OUTSTANDING meal from start to finish at Nook. Great ambiance, decor, and overall feel to the location. The meal was the best we have had, get a pizza SO.GOOD. We also tried a couple apps which were delicious, but  the desserts (an affogato for me and nookerdoodle for the boy) blew us away... So save room!Ralph was our server, great menu knowledge and table manners. Truly the best service we have received, even the owner stopped at our table to check in. Nook, you have us hooked! :) We will be back soon for sure.
5	Thank you Yelpers for steering us to a great restaurant. Had the Filet which melted like butter in my mouth, hubby had the Porco e Funghi pizza which he described as better than LGO's overpriced pizza, and he was not left wanting for another pizza as he only was able to eat half of the 12" serving (rare for him). Jorge was a great waiter and the only thing I could imagine him giving us after was a ride home, he was funny and honest. The desert I wanted was the bread pudding but at the moment they are not serving it (per Jorge it may be back). We ordered the Nookerdoodle (sp?), which tasted like a cake baked in a cookie pie with ice cream on top. We will be back!
4	When I arrive at the place, they just have taken my friend to our table. However, the table was wet all over and the booth as well. I think they used a wet towel clean the table and the booth and forgot to wipe them with a dry towel. My friend mentioned it to the hostess and she didn't do anything and just walked away. We used the napkins that were on the table and wiped it ourselves before we can sit. Other than that the service for the rest of the night was pretty good. We were there for Happy Hour, so we ordered Poutine($5), Fig Bruschetta($7), and Caprese Bruschetta($5) from the HH menu. I love French fries so Poutine was a good choice it has gravy and sprinkled some mozzarella curds over the fries and topped with a fried egg ($2 extra). Fig Bruschetta top with thin slices of meat, a piece of asparagus and some goat cheese and the combination tasted so delicious. Caprese Bruschetta has halved cherry tomato and mozzarella cheese and it was so yummy. Another friend came later and join us she had the Porco e Funghi without mushroom. I was so full with my selections so I didn't try her pizza but she almost finish the whole thing I assume it was good. I am still trying to search my wine selections and Nook gave me that option. They don't commit until you said you like it. Over all I had a great experience here. Will be back!!!
4	Great food and environment.  People were supper friendly and responsive. Great happy hour too. Chopped salad is awesome and the Calabrese pizza is great. Would go back again.
5	Ok decided to go back again last night. Again food was amazing and service great too. Much better experience. So happy went back and will be back lots more!!!!!!
4	I was late to our happy hour.  Had to run home to let the fuzzy kids go outside before I could sneak out for HH.  :)  The parking lot has tons of cars, but I was lucky to get a spot right in front of the place.  It is a little place and cute.  The service was just SUPER slow.  Ordered the Porco e Funghi was pretty good.  The crust was crispy but some of the crust was soggy when to get to the last few slices.
5	First time at Nook was for a friend's birthday a few months ago. It was still happy hour when we went in and ordered pretty much everything on the happy hour menu. I was no unsatisfied with anything that I tried. Everything was so fresh and delicious. Have been back a few times since and this place is still as delicious as it was the first time. The Florentino pizza is my favorite and the ca prese brushcetta is small  but tasty. Can't go wrong in chosing this place for a date night or delicious bite to eat.
4	This is a nice quiet place for happy hour.  Great food and apps. Always comfortable.
4	It was my friend's choice for dinner one lovely evening...So to start, of course I had to order wine to go with my pizza. I got the Picket Fence Pinot Noir. This was quite tasty. I ordered the Calabrese pizza. This comes with mozzarella, Tallegio, Parmesan, caramelized onions, sausage, chilies, basil and olive oil. I loved it! I added prosciutto to it, but I think they forgot to put it on. =/I always think it's really odd when pizza places don't have ranch. I always mention this because I love ranch w/ my pizza. & what do they serve with their salads then? Since they didn't have ranch, the owner brought us this creamy Gorgonzola sauce. I'm not sure what's in it, but ask them for it! He even offered to whip something else up if I didn't like it. The best part besides the food was the owner always came out to make sure we had everything we needed and even introduced himself. I call that very good customer service. They would get a five star from me if they had ranch. Also, it was a bit hard to find, because all the signs in that shopping center are the same color so it blends in. The place was a bit small but cozy. Good for dinner with a friend or a date. They have a happy hour! I'll be back for that!
5	My husband and I went here on Sunday night for AZ restaurant week to try something new. We both ordered an appetizer, pizza, and dessert. Everything we had was delicious. My husband said it might be the best pizza he has ever had in AZ. Service was excellent, but restaurant wasn't super busy. We definitely want to go back even though it's a bit of a drive from our house.
5	Really cute place. The price is affordable. Kind of a hipster feel to it. Ambiance is good for a date or a day out with friends. Full bar. And i recommend the pizzas.
5	Since the day Nook opened I have been in love. I love the staff, the ambience, the food, wine, the neighborhood people the frequent the bar - EVERYTHING. The staff is so accommodating to their guests. If they can do it for you, they will. No hesitation. They are friendly and genuine. The food. So yummy. And consistent! You know what you're getting every time. The pizza is so delicious and cooked right in front of you and then in their pizza oven behind the bar. I think they have one of the best charcuterie boards in the area at such a good price. Chef Nick makes some soups that are so good I've ordered them twice in one sitting. The desserts I could eat every day of the week for every meal. The decor is trendy, but current is a better word. It doesn't come off as pretentious or overdone. It's neighborhood cute but romantic at the same time. Something I would expect to find hidden in an alley in Seattle or something. I love the music choices. Overall a place to not pass up if you're in Arcadia.
5	I am allergic to dairy - the chef put together an exquisite lemon chicken with fresh pasta- delicious! My wife had the chicken Marsala which she indicated was one of the best she has had! One of the owners checked in as well - nice touch.
5	My family really loved this restaurant.  The restaurant itself was small and hip.  The food was fantastic. My wife had the Arugula salad and loved it.  The rest of the family stole a few bits of her salad.  We all shared a Diavolo and Porco e Funghi pizza as well a chicken marsala dish. The pizzas were great - loved the crust and the spicy pepperoni.  The chicken was very tasty. The best chicken marsala I have ever had.   We walked out all very happy that we found a new place.
5	Nook has become one of our regular spots for dinner. The pizza is as good as it gets in Phoenix and they have a solid, well priced wine list. On one occasion they were out of the bottle I had ordered so the owner offered to swap out a similar (and more expensive) bottle from his own collection for the same price. It's that kind of service that sets them apart from other places. We always have great servers. They are very attentive and well informed about the menu and can provide helpful selections if you're undecided.
5	Cool place!  I like that they are open late and they have great food. The bartenders are super friendly and make great suggestions. The pizza is stellar and guess what...it doesn't need ranch!  Come on lady. Do yourself a favor and use the restroom, the scrub is to die for!!!
2	Talk about an uncomfortable experience!  We went to Nook this weekend and I think it's safe to say that this is the last time we will be visiting this establishment.  We decided to pop in for a cocktail and pizza, so we sat at the bar and had one of the owners wait on us.  By his tone and conversation, it was blatantly obvious that he did not want to be there and couldn't wait to close up and go home.  He was not friendly nor helpful and overall the whole service was really uncomfortable.  That combined with the fact that our pizza (the Giardino ) was just meh on flavor really put a big damper on the evening.  It's too bad because we've come in several times before and had decent food and service, but this experience really left us with a sour taste for all that is Nook.
5	I love this resto!  I seriously crave their chicken marsala like its going out of style.  I'm not much of a dine out type of person, but every time I go in the music is super chill, the ambiance is great and there is just a great vibe about the place. The staff is super attentive and friendly and by the time I get home with the little brown box of deliciousness, I am in heaven!  triple yum!
5	My husband and I love coming to this spot, never disappointed. Great food (for meat lovers or vegetarians), drinks, and service. If you can't decide on something, try one of their pizzas...yum.
5	Pizza Giardino was so good.  My rhubarb  & rye cocktail was excellent.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  Met the owner and he made us feel welcome.  Brittany, our server, A+.  We shall be back very soon.
3	Good service, cozy little spot but the food.... Not so great. The salmon dish is SO bland and was not cooked how we ordered it :( We should have sent it back but joked it down anyway. The hummus dish was ok. Sad to say but the food was huge let down after all the great reviews.
4	Such a great place!  Great vibe to the restaurant, great service and super tasty food.  We split the arancini as our starter and I enjoyed the pasta crepe for my entree.  The pasta crepe was huge, so be prepared to take some home.  My husband and our friend both enjoyed two different pizzas and they both were very pleased with their selections.  Nook is definitely a great addition to the Arcadia neighborhood.  Love that this place provides a casual, reasonably priced option for a night out with high quality food.
5	Absolutely phenomenal. I was lucky enough to just this place after a little yelp browsing. Great atmosphere, great service, and great food.The Chicken Marsala, with the home made linguini was AMAZING. I could have easily ordered another round of it- it was truly that good. Also, the short rib bruschetta was great as well.Definitely don't miss out on this place if your in Phoenix.
2	The food was just OK!  Yes, they have different flavors and a variety of meat however the service is bad. Usually I like places were the staff advices into whats best, this restaurant has careless staff that dont really care about their customers.
5	We will go back... I was disappointed in their Halibut tacos and when asked said I wouldn't order them again.  But.. I can't have dairy so the sauce was not included to accommodate my request.  The sauce was where the seasoning and flavor was.  They took my order off the bill and offered a free desert which my husband could only have ( he loved there pumpkin spice cake)It's nice to go to a resteraunt where the staff actually cares about the customers. Love them!
5	This place is a gem!  I'm sure I've tasted everything on the menu and it's spectacular.  If you're in Phoenix for vacation, business or you live in the valley, this is one of three places I recommend.  Enjoy!
5	What an amazing place. Tucked away and cozy interior, the atmosphere is very intimate. Servers were extremely attentive and polite. The food was amazing. My wife and I shared the hummus as an appetizer. I really liked that it came with vegetables which is a lighter change up than most hummus plates. We also shared the pork butt bruschetta which was like eating candy. Our last item shared was one of the pizzas, the Giardino. The crust was cooked to perfection, just enough crunch without being over done and the toppings again created a sweet mix of notes in my mouth. It is the second time my wife has been here and we will be sure to visit often.
5	Beautifully decorated! Nook has great service and great food. I highly recommend the salmon with the mashed cauliflower, best cauliflower I've had in my life. The Basil Sour is also delicious~
5	The best pork chops I've had since moving to the west coast :) I'm a sort of a picky eater but the waiter accommodated my request to have mashed potatoes instead sweet potatoes (which were probably delicious because everything else was)  The owner even made sure we were doing okay as well. Really great place!If I'm ever in the Phoenix area again, I would definitely spot by again! Probably going to try recreating this dish when I get back home :)
5	I've been in a few times to the Nook now and have never been disappointed! The Diavolo pizza is ahhhmazing (perfect spice, great tasting thin crust right from the wood fired oven), and they have Poutine (fries with gravy and cheese on them)!  I'm Canadian and you don't see poutine on any menu down here very often. It's not your legit Quebec poutine (the Nook uses crumbled cheese instead of cheese curds), but it is tasty and satisfies my craving for sure!  Last time we were in Nick was our server and he was fantastic...very funny and very attentive. Oh and they even have happy hour on Sunday! $5 glasses of wine, $2 off cocktails and cheaper appetizers. We love this neighborhood spot, it has charm and a great atmosphere ...check it out!
5	This place is absolutely wonderful and relatively new it is right next to Tuesday morning, and down from zips sports bar.  you absolutely have to try all the appetizers and get there for happy hour prices and it's very affordable, like most places watch the drinks that's what's will get you.  I have brought many friends to this place because it's absolutely wonderful I'm waiting for the owner to to say thank you and appreciate the fact that I'm bringing in business, this is definitely a place worth trying and checking out.
5	Great pizza, and this place is up there with the best. First night, I was a skeptic and I needed another night, but tonight it was pretty good!Attentive hostess, both nights, and very friendly with a "nice to meetcha, glad you're here" kind of welcome...I like that. Being A one-man show, I wasn't sure about taking up an entire booth, but I was treated as if I owned the place, "wow, cool"!Menu simple, and if there's a question, ask and the Italian will be explained to you, but I'm finding that no better lesson is just diving in, so that's why I'm making it a point to keep coming back and trying every damn thing on the menu until I learn first hand what I'm eating. Actually, here's a tip...when the owner asks how the meal is, don't give a one word answer, he really cares...give him your input; you'll be pleasantly amazed at HIS input and suggestions on what's good...I like this place!As I often attest to in my reviews, it's not necessarily the food, but the manners, and personality that it's served with...the Nook is that kind of place. I'll be back, and oh by the way, the decorations personally hung by the owner, Frank, for Christmas, deserves a applause!
5	PERFECT.I feel like I'm pretty hesitant to give a restaurant a 5-star review, but Nook deserves it.It's a pretty small place, so be sure to call in advance to get a reservation.We came here on a Monday and it was packed, for good reason.I tried the Poutine, the Short Rib Bruschetta, and a Pizza.All were delicious.Service was excellent.  Fast, friendly, and courteous.  I would definitely recommend Nook for an amazing, romantic Date Night out.ENJOY!
5	Yum. Pizza Funghi was super awesome. It's a small place - we got there around 8pm last night but they were totally full, so we got a drink and waited for 20 minutes or so. Service here is amazing... they are really tentative and everyone really cares about you. The guy with the black hair and chain necklace was one of the best servers we've ever had. These guys know what's up.
5	The chicken Marsala will make u stand on street corner begging for loose change it is damn fresh and  delicious by far the best item to me. Teagan the owner is super friendly and also very easy one the eyes. A MUST TRY!!
4	How the hell does a small, out of date strip mall like this have 2 amazing restaurants?!? With Crudo right behind this place you may overlook this little Nook. Well, opening the doors to this place you go from a ugh I don't want to be seen in front of this building (JK) to a whole different feeling. Cool little dark feel and vibe to this place. Raised, half circled booths line the length of the long restaurant and gives it a more intimate feel. Of course, I came for takeout, idiot!! Trust me I will be back to enjoy the restaurant next time. Anyways, for starters we got the fig bruschetta with asparagus and prosciutto (you put this on anything and I'm all in!!). Nailed it!! The Diavolo pizza was next! Now next to prosciutto on my list of meats I must devour is soppressata. Well chorizo, then soppressata. Thin sliced soppressata accompanied by fresh mozzarella and basil. Hellz yeah good. The soppressata has some good heat to it so be warned if you don't like spice! Nook is yet one of many unreal good pizza joints in town. I swear it must be these chefs reproducing at alarming rates. How can you have so many great pizza places? Nook Nailed it!!! I will update my review after I eat here. Might be a 5 star
5	Nook never lets me down! Awesome food, amazing staff, killer happy hour, and my favorite: half off wine bottles on Sunday. I love this spot! Bruschetta is great, poutine is phenomenal (add egg and the short rib), had the salmon last night which was perfect, topped it off with a bottle of Ken Wright Cellars Pinot Noir and a sip of chartreuse.. Perfect end to a perfect night.
5	Wow! This place has been open for 15 months--how have I not heard of it before now? Good wine by the glass options and decent bottle prices. The table next to us got extra fancy wine glasses because they bought a more expensive bottle. Strange, but ok. We started out with arancini. Wish they had been a bit hotter, but they were yummy. 6 to an order. We also got two types of meat on bruchetta. Those were tender, flavorful and delicious.We ordered two pizzas. The waitress said they had 6 slices but came with 8, and we thought it was plenty for two people. The pizzas were delicious.We sat at the community table. Very nice inside; lively atmosphere. Try to get a reservation if you can. Great service. We were very happy!
