3	CREAMY AND DELICIOUS!  And I am not talking about food people....its about cream....I like this BNBW since it is across the street from the mall and usually a lot less busy. The staff is alway really friendly and they have all the same deals. Last time I shopped there they even helped me by giving me some coupons and working out how I would get the most out of my purchase that day. HOW NICE IS THAT?But, my drug of choice right now is this bed spray they have there. It is a must have. I want to make my own Oprah's favorite things list - but Tanya's favorite things list just to put it on. I spray it on everything...my bed, the couch, my cat, my boyfriend...EVERYTHING. It smells so good and is so relaxing.  I wait for coupons just so that I can go and get some more. It is a hidden treasure!It....is...called.....Aromatherapy Sleep Pillow Mist ( Lavendar Chamomile) and it is $10. The most pleasure you can get for $10 in Las Vegas....thats what I am saying!Overall - LOVE it, but mostly for my hit of bed spray.
3	I didn't even know this store was here and I needed candles.The staff is really helpful almost obnoxious helpful, but I was in a good mood this day so it didn't bother me. The staff did not take it personally when I said the smell of their store makes me want to throw up and their lotions make my skin itch. Nope, they just laughed and continued to help me. It's all about the candles. Though they discontinued my favorite Bamboo scent I am now feelin' the Beach Grass. Do beaches even have grass?  Also a fan of the silver candle holders for the 3 wicks for only ten bucks. 3 STARS because some of your candles are alright and I do dig the foaming hand soaps. Everything else in the store stinks like newbie strippers.
4	Smells lovely and beautiful in here! This location of Bath and Body Works has been a good one to me.  The size is a little bit smaller than other locations I've frequented.  The parking lot is also a bit hectic with Wal-Mart next door.  But their service is still excellent. The employees are always so helpful.  I love their variety of scents for women and men.  They do change some of the scents to coincide with the different seasons of the year.  During the holidays they offer cute gift sets at a reasonable price.  Smell ya later!
