5	As a non insured traveler, I spent a while looking for a dentist who would just clean my teeth, without Xrays, without all the extra's I just wanted my teeth cleaned.  No one would do it, but Diane at Choice Dental was the first to take the time to show me Xrays and explain why they were required.  Plus it did not hurt that Choice Dental have a special on for new customers $75 for Xrays and a clean and checkup which is what I went in for.And it was not surprising to me after it being 15 years since I had a check up that there were some issues.  Again the Staff at Choice Dental took the time to show me my xrays, point our where my bones had degraded, I had gum disease and all manner of other things.  And the Dentist Victor, explained what was required now, what could wait and what the consequences were over a time line of not doing anything.  Then he gave me a discounted price for the work needed.I was happy with many things from Choice Dental, first the Staff who explained things to me in a simple and direct way.  Knowing I was not Insured Victor agreed to do my whole mouth at once rather than the preferred way of bringing you back for each section.  I was wary of the over zealous approach of Dentists which leads lets face it to more money spent. However Victor explained the the amount of injections required to work on the whole mouth required a healthy fit person.  Since I was one, he could work this way.The Xrays are digital so completely safe, that Diane stayed in the room with me and both she and Victor the Dentist explained to me exactly what was wrong and right with each picture.  Then I got my many injections, mouth numbed up and Victor began working.As the Dentist worked on me, he would explain what he was doing, and what were the types of things that caused my issues, and how to prevent it from happening again.  I got a real education while I was there which is an aspect I really appreciated.  Victor mentioned and showed me with some fancy mouth camera, how my Wisdom teeth where causing problems, grinding and changing the shape of the other teeth and said I should have them pulled.  He mention this a couple of times and I thought to myself oh boy here we go (a lady in my complex office had mentioned to me just before I went she had just had her wisdom teeth pulled).  And I wanted to spent as little money as I could.After the 3rd time he mentioned it, he said to me, You know what, your mouth is numb I want to pull this one, it needs to come out, it will be no charge, but it bothers me all the work I am doing and this might ruin things in a few months is that ok?  Well hell yes it was ok for a free tooth extraction.  Once it was out (and I felt nothing, not even the sensation of something lifting out, he decided to do the other one as well.  My Office lady's insurance paid $800 to do what Choice Dental did for me for free because it needed to be done for my health.Another thing I was impressed with is when he used the machine and I flinched because I felt a little pain, he went back to the manual tool and scraped which cause me no discomfort at all.  And I saw him stretch his hand a few times, so I know it caused him some discomfort to do it this way, for the benefit my my comfort.I did hear a few people come in and inquire about things they wanted done and twice when they said they were worried about the cost Victor gave them a discounted rate.  Now I am not suggesting that this is the norm, but I really think if you are like me and putting a Dental visit off because of the cost, then Choice Dental seem to be aware of the current hardships and doing the best they can to make it possible to still get service.  I was told my session would take about an hour, it took twice as long with the extra work, and I was charged the same.I was very impressed with the service I received at Choice Dental.  I am someone who likes to know what is going on, I like to be educated about a service I am paying for and I got a good education (plus some free products to maintain my teeth).  They went above and beyond what was required and I feel completely satisfied with the value for money (In fact I am feeling like I got a super deal)
1	I have had a large amount of work done on my mouth this year.  All of it done at Choice Dental by Dr. Helen.  The work was done very quickly/roughly. No talk about why I should be getting the work done, just that she thought it should happen.  Very little numbing, and very painful.  And after all of the work was completed, which cost me about $1000 out of pocket in addition to my insurance, I received a bill in the mail for an additional $300!!  After my last session at the dentist I was told i still had over $700 left in benefits.  Called my insurance and was informed that yes I was maxed out.  It turns out that Choice Dental had not called my insurance company to determine how much my yearly limit of benefits were.  So they just made up a number??  I had another appointment to get another crown this year because I was told I still had $700 left in benefits.  (By the way if you know anything about dental bills you know that the co-pays on these service are fairly high, like $350 on a crown)  There is no way I am going to this appointment.  Thank god my insurance let me know that my benefits were maxed out, if not i was have another $700 bill from Choice Dental.  So over all I have had a terrible experience with Choice Dental and i am taking my business and insurance $$ somewhere else in the Vegas valley.
5	I go there every couple of months for routine checks.I hate going to the dentist as many others I'm sure, but this place is great. Never experienced pain there. I had crown done and couple of fillings as well. The dentist and the assistants are very knowledgable and experienced.They don't push you doing things you don't need done, like many other places do.I get free goodies with the routine cleanings every couple of months. It's nothing much but the thought counts :)Great place, but I'd rather have healthy teeth :)
5	Service awesome staff  Dr. was the greatest
1	Avoid this place.  They were very pushy and were yelling at me that i have remove all my silver fillings and replace with composite fillings that are not tested long term and that do not last as long as old silver fillings.  and my insurance covers half but i have to pay $500 out of pocket.   Yes if i had a new cavity i would use the composite, but to remove my 10 year old fillings and drill deeper to replace something not broken, i don't see the point.   ya... i want to remove an old silver filling and put a crown.  NO THANKS!!.    don't fix whats not broken.   i read thats its unethical to push you to remove silver fillings, they are trying to solicit business.
