1	Please go when it is $2.00 days, that is about what it is worth.  Make sure you eat ahead of time.  Very limited food venders, and no variety.  I will say last year was much different, and  a lot of fun
5	The Gun Show was a great experience. A lot of cool items to look and purchase. Word of advice. Get there early in order to get the best picks of merchandise.
4	The Crossroads gun show at the fairgrounds is a great event. Shows are held several times a year and it spans about 5 spaces. Huge selection of guns, accessories and ammo. Parking will cost you about $10 a day and the entry fee is good for the weekend. Car pool with a friend and split the parking.
5	The people that go here are hilarious. People wear the most interesting outfits here, and I think that's their normal attire.Rides are pricey.Corn dogs are good. I got a turkey leg here once, not bad.
3	Just came for fair food, and it was mediocre at best and waaaaay over priced. For me and my husband to eat 2 beef dogs, fries and 2 sodas was $32. Make sure you eat before coming here. The earlier the better but beware the rays of the sun. Parking is cheaper when you come earlier as well. The inside flea market area was pretty cool they had good cinnamon rolls.If you come, do it on the weekends before 2 so all you pay is $2 to get in and check it out.
3	Really cool rainbow lights when you drive down the freeway at the evening time. Parking seem to be really difficult unless you want to pay the price for VIP designs are really fast.
2	Great if you like rides and flea market stuff. Food prices out of this world..$10.25 for a hot dog and $3.75 for a bottle of water.Eat before or bring your own. Not worth it.
3	Really cool lights at the fair tonight look to the north and see such a delight.Today is November 3 it's the last day of the fair you best come are you going to miss it.
2	Really cool lights at the fair tonight look to the north and see such a delight.Well last night was the last day of the fair is closed it's gone now for next year but they will be the next fair in the spring.
3	I agree with other reviews fair food is way over priced. A medium soft drink is $4 chili cheese fries $7 but the deep fries Oreos were AMAZING! Those are worth every cent.
3	Good place to come to waste some money and get fat.
