4	This is MY starbucks....I go almost every single day. These are the reasons. 1) On my way to work2) Right next to my bank3) They are SO friendly4) They understand when I'm off coffee and order "black water" that I mean a coffee of the day, black. 5) The sweet girl in the drivethrough that is there almost every day I go always acts like it is her fault when I spill an entire venti hot coffee in my car. Even though I have an insurance policy on my car upholstery for a reason.....and it's not bad lids...it's that I should live in a bubble so as not to injure others!Love My Starbucks!
2	Let me start by saying I love Starbucks. Seating inside is a bit haphazard and very few comfortable chairs. Today, their espresso machines were out of order and a hand written sign was on the door to let you know as you entered. Now anchor machine falling out of service may not be preventable, but both machines, including the one for the drive thru?Were out of large straws as well which suck for those of us who order venti or Trenta size drinks.
5	Great Service, awesome employees who always seem to remember you, clean & cozy.
1	This is honestly the worst Starbucks experience that I've ever encountered.  That being said, I go here almost everyday because it's right by where I live.  Although, I'm starting to go up to the Happy Valley location more now.  For some reason, this Starbucks drive thru is frighteningly slow.  Almost upsetting slow.  I have tried to figure it out but I can't.  A couple times last week whoever takes the orders was trying to be funny and wouldn't just take my order and it was terribly unprofessional and annoying.  Every time I get my coffee drink I swear I won't be back...but I do.  They really need to up their customer service and speed it up a bit.  It's a prime location if they can pull it together.
4	I think the problem here is management. Enough said.
2	This used to be one of my favorite spots but lately it's been dirty almost every time I visit. Having been a barista, I know you can get slammed and get behind on the housekeeping but I have witnessed several times that employees seem oblivious to the mess on the floor, under tables, on chairs and around the condiment bar. The staff is always friendly and I still like to go but it's weird to sit and enjoy my java while looking at all the debris on the floor. I also inquired of one barista regarding what kind of milk they used, specifically asking about rgbh or rbst. She said they just buy the run-of-the-mill milk like the kind at Safeway etc. I will stick with the java & espresso - don't want no hormones or steroids in my latte!
3	My drink always taste great, however that is what you are paying for consistency and price! Convenient to have a drive through, but never is it quick. If they could work on the time it took to be and in and out with your drink they'd probably receive better reviews.Ill re review if anything changes!
3	based on my one experience here it was positive. I used the drive through, the lady at the window was very nice.
2	Not a fan of this location.  Try the one on 3rd ave & south side of bell.Wow, someone actually managed to ruin a Starbucks location!!  Slow drive through, condescending service, and overall lack of interest on the part of the employees. We stopped in on my hunny's birthday on our way to vegas. This is the location closest to us so we wanted to just get in and out.  The voice on the drive through was kinda short with us, but I get it- you're busy.  We finally get to the window after over 10 minutes waiting.  The guy does not give us our gift card back.  I go inside and they can't find it. My hunny goes inside, and at least gets them to look for it and reprint the receipt.  Starbucks corporate reissued the card for us a few days later so in ended up fine.  Still, this location has no urgency!!
1	If I could give them 0 stars I would. There's one nice younger boy who works occasionally. Other than him the staff is full of the rudest set of sorority rejects Starbucks could get. It's obvious they none of them want to be there and their sense of urgency is non existent. Don't go here if your in a rush to work! I avoid this Starbucks and just go to the coffee bean a few minutes out of the way. The few minutes out of the way is still better than waiting 15 minutes for a drink.
3	This location is right next to my house, I ALWAYS stop here in the mornings to get my coffee, yet refuse to go through the god-awful drive through. The average time from start to finish is like 12 minutes. I  dont order anything fancy, so why should I wait for other people to get their fancy drink order? I just want my black venti coffee and be on my way. So walking in is the only way to go. Ordering a breakfast sandwich will add 10 minutes to your wait time, dont do it. Its a fun place to study, very interesting conversations going on around you. They also have a lot of outlets so you can charge your laptop, phone, etc. The guy who works the counter in the mornings is really sweet. Egh, its a starbucks.
3	The service is mediocre here. The drive thru is a very convenient but sometimes slow. They tend to be slower than most other stores and this store can get crowded really quick. I use this store because of the convenient location.
2	This has to be the SLOWEST Starbucks I have ever been to. I don't understand it. It doesn't matter the time of day/week -- its slow. If you don't have a good 20 minutes to wait, go elsewhere. And people if you have over 2-3 drinks to order DON'T use the drive thru! That's just common sense, right?! We got stuck behind someone that ordered 7 drinks! Not kidding... 7! Who does that?
4	Great coffee, inside location isn't the best for hanging out and spending time catching up though.  The outside is fairly nice and offers more space.
1	Ok. First things first, this is the location near my friends apartment and I go to Starbucks almost everyday. I walk in to the lobby the first day and I ordered a breakfast sandwich(and somehow they gave me a lemon loaf cake which they were annoyed to exchange even though I had my receipt in hand), and I also ordered a iced white mocha. The girl on the register was obviously new and confused and it took her a really long time to get everything in the system and the manager on duty was obviously annoyed with her asking for help. The second time I went to this location I used the drive thru thinking it would be better, my friend got a black coffee and I got an iced coffee figuring this order was a lot harder to mess up....WRONG. My iced coffee didn't have WM sweetener like I asked it had classic syrup and cream instead. And to make matters worse... I am an employee of Starbucks. I gave the girl my employee numbers and she said "wow you are a dinosaur" UMM THANKS?! It has the potential to be a good location but far from it now.
3	It's hard to find a place where people are happy amd cheerful at 430am on a friday morning lol. Well you can tell that the Starbucks staff at this location are trying their best to help everyone get their morning started off on the right foot. Im never happy waking up early, let alone having to work befor 6am so my hats off to them. This Starbucks is located very close to my house and the fact they have free-wifi gives me a nice place to enjoy a morning coffee while checking morning emails or just browsing the web. The coffee drinks are a little pricey but they generally are of high quality so its worth the little bit of extra money.
5	I love that the staff is CHILL here. You won't find extra perky teenagers playing loud music at 7am. Yessss. Sometimes you just want to skip all the bs.
4	Slow at the drive thru!!Grateful to get a couple comped drinks after a 10 minute wait in the drive through.Also it's hard to hear the word "blonde" on the speaker.  Also the barista complained to us about another customer.  Real professional.  Especially when he mouthed "wtf" to us!!  Kinda funny good thing we are cool people!
