3	More like 3.5 stars. It's a bit hit and miss with chain massage studios. I had a massage with Igor and if you like deep tissue he's good for it. The first massage is $39. After that the cost increases. There are options to keep the cost down by purchasing a series of massages through membership. We all know regular massage is a healthy thing to do for ourselves (once a week is what is typically suggested, but more if possible- Yay!). They offer gift certificates, nice location, clean rooms, tidy appearance of therapists and calming environment (water fountains, relaxing music). For the money it's a good deal. Hours of Operation10 am - 6 pm Sunday 8 am - 10 pm Monday-Friday 8 am - 6 pm Saturday
1	Written on OCT 2010 My issue is multi part.  I've been to the Arboretum office three times and two of those times I have wanted to just stop and leave.  They were very poor massages.  I called and wanted them to stop charging me and they said I had to come into the store and fill out a form.  I told them I wanted the money for the massages now paid for that I had not received.  They said I had to write a letter.  I did and it's been weeks. I've been in several times to ask about this and they told me I could use their catch up plan.  They just don't get it.  Bad massage.  I don't want to pay. Money back please.  Buyer beware.   They don't have enough qualified staff to deliver and their customer service and business practice is terrible.  I'm still waiting for a call.  I go in leave my number express my concern but I'm being ignored.    Dec 24 As follow up this company will not STOP BILLIG Me.  I've contacted American express and now the Better business burrow.  Look out! These guys are bad news.
4	I feel at home when I come here . Josh is my massage therapist and I adore him he does an excellent job and really has a great personality too . The staff is very friendly and I am a member with my boyfriend his therapist is usually Raul or Jared. They are so awesome in fact my brother joined after me treating him for his birthday . The only negative would be I feel there should be a little more of a discount for members on services . I also feel our therapists spends too much time on our backs and not enough on other parts of the body , which is why we always get 2 hr. sessions. Overall 4 stars worth the membership get Josh !
2	Today was an indescrible disappointment !!  I had an apt. With Mauri ,and I explained to her I had a slight cough, then she said she would only massage me as long as I had my face down, because she did not want to catch it?  I hadn't even coughed since I got there and just wanted her to know so if I needed my water bottle if my mouth became dry and perhaps she could open my lungs a little. I explained to her that I could not stay face down for 1 1/2 hours, if she had a mask I would wear that.  Then she said all therapist had the right to refuse to take any client, so that's when I go up got my clothes on and walked out, hearing her ask me not to make an incident report out of this that she would tell them.......yeah right!  She did offer to put a cloth over my face, I am a lot claustrophobic so I declined, a mask over the mouth and nose was all i could  handle, but they do not have any.  It is very hard to get an apt. With her and she mostly did a better job than anyone else I had tried, so to even go in this morning was a routine of working around other apts. there is no way I will return to her or that particular Massage Envy.  I am sure there is someone else out there that will consistently do a better job.  If I had thought for the first min.that I was contagious, I would never have gone in!  Besides, is anyone there that has an M.D. Beside their name, of course not.  But when she said so adamantly  that she had the right to refuse anyone before trying to find a solution that was it for me!
5	I came in for an appointment today after a botched massage at an unrelated location. My massage therapist was Gina. She was wonderful. She listened, she actually acted like she cared, and was extremely professional. The massage was amazing, she helped to fix the pain caused by the woman at another location. I'll be returning for another massage with Gina. The facility was clean, relaxing, and the staff was very friendly.
