5	Have purchased several games from this location over the last year, and their staff is terrific. Sometimes at these kinds of places, the persons behind the counter are very arrogant and rude to the non-hardcore gamer. I have had no such problems from them, and will buy more games from them in the future. Prices are competitive and they give you fair trade-in value for your stuff (relative).
2	If you've ever asked yourself "Why do I shop at Bookman's, anyway?" then a quick trip over to Gamestop should clear matters up for you. I'll not mince words: this store is the size of a closet. Actually, my roommate's walk-in closet is slightly larger. I don't blame the employees for looking stressed-out and indifferent, I would be too if I had to sell overpriced games and ask every hispanic grandmother "Would you like an Edge card?" The trade-in values are a laugh and a half. Seriously, just bring a few games in to hear what they're offering. It's better than Don Rickles."What's that? You want to trade in a game you bought for $60? I'll give you ten bucks for it." The most abusable return policy EVER makes up for it, though. Buy ANY Used game, and you can return it for one of equal price, no questions asked... like, ever. Some people have been riding the same thirty dollars for years, I kid you not. The staff are actually pretty good, with a few notable exceptions. Every manager I've ever met who works at this location has been the dictionary definition of douchebag. But usually the floor staff are helpful - if a little slow on the cash register - and they can always tell you plenty about upcoming releases and such.
4	I love this Gamestop! I've been here on a few occasions and the staff has always been nice and helpful. There's never any chaos or screaming kids or rude employees. On my most recent visit, one of the staff members was exceptionally nice. She helped me find everything I needed, found two items they didn't think they had and called a few stores to check on one game the impulse buyer in me wanted to have them hold their last copy for me.
5	Even though this Game Stop is located in a rough neighborhood, the staff and cleanliness of this store would never show it. Dave (general manager) is top notch and very professional. All staff are helpful and knowledgeable about the games. I've  never been in the store where I wasn't immedately greeted and asked if I could be assisted. Overall, one of the better Game Stops I've been to and I look forward to the progress being made here.
5	New and used games, informative and knowledgeable gamers behind the counter. My boyfriends favorite hangout. Nuff said.
