3	I remember riding my bike here when I was a kid. This Target has been here for a long time! The surrounding area is worn down but it looks like who ever owns it is demoing it so hopefully this target won't have that ghetto feel. Inside tho its the typical Target, set up the same as the others. This location has a food court. You'll find me here scouting the exclusive MH dolls for my baby girl. The things you do for your chillens
2	The rating here hits the nail on the head.  "Meh. I've experienced better."I'm a big Target fan.  You'll never see me set foot in Wal-Mart, and Target beckons me with its red glowing signs in the night.This is the closest Target to my house, but it leaves a bit to be desired.  First problem: I always get lost inside.  The layout is different from the stores I'm used to, and I get turned around as soon as the registers are out of sight.  Need to find trash bags? Good luck, but at least the guys in the electronics department are used to that question and can help out.We found some great after-Christmas deals and stocked up on other necessities to get the biggest bang for our gift card bucks.  At the register, I presented four reusable bags.  One was Target brand, the other three were Fry's, Bashas and Disney.  Still, the cashier initially tried to sell us the bags.  Easy mistake.  But this poor cashier remained befuddled about the bags and floundered the whole way through the checkout process.  Each item he put in was a mystery.  Food items and toiletries alike were mixed up with no rhyme or reason.  The bags had to be reexamined with each scan.  The only concern he had was if the large package of toilet paper might fit in one of the bags, which was truly unnecessary.  As he fumbled with a long, awkward item trying to get the square peg into the round hole, my fiance took it from him and put it in a different bag.  "Oh.... ok" was our friend's response, as he stared at the bag some more.  This was when I noticed his name tag said "trainer".  This guy trains people?  That made me sad.  I'd really hoped he was new.At the end, he failed to give us the 5 cent bag credit, thank us for coming in, or acknowledge our departure at all.  Not cool, Target Eric.  Not cool.
3	This Target was pretty cool, one of the last remaining locations that had the color "worlds" with the red, yellow, green, blue neon. It was nice because it had that nostalgic feel from the 90s, but it was outdated and very low volume so I can understand why it will be closing. This location was never remodeled to the new pfresh grocery format so it only had the typical Target departments with limited basic grocery. It had a Pharmacy but that has already closed independently. We'll miss you Chandler Target, I guess it's a classic case of out with the old and in with the new. I suppose this location just wasn't busy enough to support a remodel and stay open. Who knows, maybe they'll build a brand new SuperTarget on this location after that shopping center is completely torn down and rebuilt.
