5	These guys are always ready to help. Very courteous and professional staff. Recently my mom dropped her phone in water while visiting and we ended up going to Chandler Mall at the AT&T kiosk near the food court area. The girl there was not professional nor was she helpful. Just stared at us mostly as if she didn't care that she worked there. So, I explained we were going to go somewhere else and I remembered that the Ray Road AT&T always has what I need and are very courteous. Thankfully, mama had the same plan as moi, so worked out. We got her the best phone, the lady went through a ton of phones with us and made a recommendation. She showed us the most important part which was all the different colors the phones come in, giggles..~ and the rest of the staff worked on trying to transfer her info from the other phone to her new one...but alas~ the damage was too great for it to be recoverable. One thing good to know is that this is an actual AT&T store, whereas the other kiosks like at the malls and such are only contract places. The Kiosk people might not know ALL the ins and outs of the services they offer. This store is large enough that they carry a majority of the products right on location whether it is a phone charger, or a headset e.t.cI will not hesitate going back to this place when I need another service or product.
4	I am one of the thousands of people that switched to AT&T for the iPhone and I have no regrets.  I used to be with AT&T long ago and then left for the other big company.  However, since coming back I have been very pleased with the service I have received.  There are a few times, when I am not in a major metro area when my coverage is spotty, but for the most part, I have no problems.As far as this particular location goes, the last two times I have been lucky enough to have Meagan helping me and she is wonderful.  The first time I met her was right after my phone decided to take a bath.  I was eligible for a phone upgrade in 2.5 months, so I really didn't want to spend the money to buy a new iPhone (because why would I get anything else) at full price.  She suggested I take it into the Apple store to see if they would replace it under the warranty, which they usually don't for water damage, but might because of the cracks.  She was right.  They did replace it (because Apple is awesome) and she saved me $400!!  This last time she helped me with the phone upgrade and was just as kind and helpful as the first time.  She seems very genuine and is full of smiles which makes me feel like she is a friend looking out for me and not someone trying to get the big sale.It seems like everyone is wondering who is going to switch back to Verizon now that they have the iPhone too.  Well, I will tell anyone that will listen that I am happy with AT&T.  Since coming back two years ago, I have not had a problem with my phone and have had great service.  It is because of people like Meagan that I plan to stay at AT&T.  Well, that and the fact I was grandfathered in with the unlimited data package! =)
5	Great service at this store. Ask for Ryan. He's the best!
