5	I wasn't sure what to have for lunch today, and I remembered I was close to one of the only remaining Farm Baskets in Vegas.  I guess I mentioned it out loud and my co-worker Angie got all excited....Angie : "OH MY GAWD Y'ALL!  Do you go there ( Farm Basket ) for Cluckeeto Tuesdays?!?"Me :  "No Angie, what's that?"Angie :  "Ya'll can git 3 Cluckeeto's for $2.  But they don't come with sour cream, just cheese."That was all I needed to hear. Farm Basket was all over Vegas when I was a kid.  They were even inside Pizza Inn, but, alas Pizza Inn is gone too.  But, fortunately 2 Farm Basket locations survived over the decades.Farm Basket is a true "fast food" treat.  Best known for the "Gobbler"  ( a piece of breaded fried turkey breast served on a long roll with cranberry sauce and Miracle Whip.....oh mama!)  and best known by me for their fantastic turkey fat fried and salted french fries.  (YUMMMY!!!)So....I had a Gobbler, some French Fries, and a few Cluckeetos.  I'm full....MUST...TAKE....NAP!!! Zzzzzz. ( See that means I fell asleep.)
1	Bleah Ugh...puke Fast food. Ok so it's chicken...Mmmm But it's fast food chicken in a little hole in the wall place shaped like a barn. Uhm...ok farmers...get their chickens from chicken coops and yes...the occasional barn.  So I had the "gobbler" and a couple thighs from there. Ok turkey breast? Turkeys aren't that small...Chicken...Albertson's Fried Chicken was just as good if not better. But the snot nosed kid who tried to take my order and give me some small ass chicken just wasn't that bright. Ok ok yes Myke you're a jerk because at least he has a job and he's not stealing cars or in a gang...or better yet going door to door and selling giant candy.  So wanna know something special about this place that makes chicken worth coming back to...?  Ask Damon. Seriously. WHAT THE HELL IS a CLUCKEETO?
4	Farm Basket is one of those nostalgic treats I allow myself from time to time, but not too regularly.  The reason?  It's SO greasy.  And more than that, the grease is GOOD.  I don't know what they do to it or if I've just become acclimated to it over the years, but an order of fries from this place sends my taste buds tappin' but the rest of my gastrointestinal system into severe distress.  But man are they ever good.The Gobbler is awesome.  A breaded turkey sandwich with Miracle Whip (hey, that's what they give you) and cranberry spread, it's just darn delicious.  The Clucketos are classics, and if you find yourself dipping into the Colonel's bucket too often, you should try some of their fried chicken on for size.  It'll win you over.Plus, you get to drive through a barn.  That rules.
4	I actually really like this place. Alot of their stuff is greasy but if you aren't worried about dieting than this place is a good alternative to every other fast food joint out there. Their fries are really good. I love the great gobbler special. Never tried the cluckeetos, but i'll give that a try next time. Their chicken is also good to me. It's too bad they don't give free refills on drinks otherwise i'd give 5 stars. Greasy =great when it comes to this place.
4	Fatty delicious goodness! I'm so sad this is their last remaining location... it sucks how far this is from my house (or maybe it's for the best!). They have so-called "diet" fried chicken. Somehow they claim it's less fatty and less calorific because they pull off the skin THEN fry it. Hmmm.. I don't buy that this stuff is healthy, but damn it tasted awesome. Plus I loved how they let me get 2 legs unlike most fried chicken places that require you to get a leg/thigh combo. We also tried the cloqueetos (ok that doesn't look right, but it's spelled something like that!).. so they are basically just chicken taquitos with tons of cheese and lettuce and salsa. Delish, but they definitely could have used some sour cream. Mashed potatoes and gravy were heavenly. Biggest disappointment was the gross cold rolls that came out of a bag. Fried chicken places typically have YUMMY homemade rolls/bisquits.. SOMETHING... wtf is up with the crappy grocery store sh*t guys? Otherwise this place was greasy goodness.
3	Giblet gravy! Giblet gravy! Giblet gravy.  Yes they have it an it is yummy.  There chicken is very good for fast food but I wouldn't suggest anything else, although I did not have the turkey.  I recomend it, especially compared to all of the other crap in the fast food world.
3	+They have good brewed iced tea.+The Gobbler is real turkey breast.+Real giblet gravy.+Friendly service.-My turkey was overcooked & not juicy.-Nothing was salty enough-No drink refillsI wanted to love the place.  I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I'll be back.
4	Farm Basket used to have many locations around the Vegas Valley, but with the Tropicana location losing its lease, this is the only one left.Farm Basket is, essentially, a drive-thru restaurant specializing in poultry products. They have been around for decades, and had several locations in the Valley - if you see some sort of establishment around town shaped like a small barn, chances are a Farm Basket once occupied that property.The food itself is very good, and filling. The portions are a good size - so good, in fact, that I have to order off of the kids menu and it's STILL often too much food (and they have no problem if you order off of it, regardless of age.) The menu itself is quite diverse, featuring a variety of poultry products. Want straight-up chicken fingers and fries? They've got that. But if you want something a little more exotic, they also have the Gobbler, which features real turkey, and their signature Cluck-E-Tos, which are essentially taquitos with poultry instead of meat/beef.The big complaint I have is that they only have one location left, and it is not in a great part of town. This remaining location is near the West Charleston campus of College of Southern Nevada, so unless you're in that area, expect a long, painful commute to get here. All thongs considered, Farm Basket is delicious, it's just a shame they don't have the variety of locations they once did. If you're in the neighborhood, swing on in, but don't go out of your way for it.
5	I absolutely love the fries at Farm Basket.  I think they are the best in town.  They are always hot, and I love the seasoned salt they sprinkle on top.  The Clucketoes are also super yummy!   And the rolls are to die for....you need to go just to eat the fries and rolls.
4	The last remaining Farm Basket in Las Vegas. SO SAD about that. FB is a unique but very delicious fast food shop that specalizes in chicken and turkey items. Best on their menu is the Great Gobbler sandwich, a deep fried half turkey breast sandwich with Miracle Whip.There's something so great about this! Perhaps that it's cooked to order and fresh helps. It could also be their delish fries (if they are cooked in turkey fat/oil it explains ALOT of why they are so great) that are served with a Lawry's seasoning salt. Simple, but oh-so good.For me, it's on the other side town, but when i'm in the area, I have to get some. When this one closes, it will be a very sad day for me.
4	This was one of my favorite places to eat until I saw a roach climbing up the wall on Sunday. Now I'm not so sure.  But, I just realized I've been eating at this location for 15 years... Wow. Anyway, I have always loved Farm Basket. I always get the same thing - the Cluck 'e tos.  I love them smothered in hot sauce. Oh, and the chicken fingers are good too.
4	Best fried turkey sandwich ever!!!
3	This place is a good little fried chicken spot.  I went here on a sunday and it was packed.  I had the chicken strips and they weren't great but they were hot and fried fresh.  The fries were awesome.  I want to go back and try the regular fried chicken, it looked pretty good, i bet i will upgrade there rating after I try that.
5	Farm Basket is one of those great local fast food restaurants that you typically only see in Los Angeles. It's Las Vegas only as far as I know and a hidden gem. They serve up delicious chicken/turkey fast food dishes. My long time favorite has been the Cluckitos, tacquitos stuffed with seasoned chicken, covered with a generous helping of lettuce, salsa, and cheese. Their turkey sandwiches are delicious too, with a side of jelly for the "authentic" Thanksgiving experience. Finally the fries are deliciously crisp and sprinkled with a unique flavored salt. If you're looking for some great fast food in Vegas, make sure you pay a visit to Farm Basket.
2	I waited 15 minutes for a "Clucker."  Let me reemphasize that, I waited 15 minutes for a breaded, deep fried chicken patty that came with Miracle Whip and a side of cranberry jelly.  It wasn't even that good.  That's what I get for listening to a recommendation from a guy who thinks Japanese food is gross.  I may go back to try the fried chicken.
5	When I was little, we went to Farm Basket ALOT. Now that I've moved out of Vegas, it's something I dream about from time to time. My absolute favorite thing is the Great Gobbler sandwich. It's a fried turkey breast on a roll with Miracle Whip (I always ask for extra) and cranberry sauce (YUM!). The fried chicken comes with a sweet orange roll that makes you want to lick all the glaze off your fingers when you're done. The gravy is so awesome I could drink it. It's definitely a local's place. My dad LOVES the Cluck-e-Tos but I've never tried them. Oh now I'm craving a gobbler......
5	I have been coming here since I was a little girl & I absolutely love this place!! Greasy chicken and gravy....definitely not diet food, but worth the extra time on the treadmill.
5	Farm Basket is probably not the cleanest place in the world to eat. In fact, a few insects from inside the restaurant attached themselves to my wife as we were leaving. This place is a grimy and greasy!  My son's head smelled like fried chicken for the rest of the day.  That being said, I didn't want to wash his hair- because I liked it!No joke, this place is great!   For lunch, I chose the 2 piece fried chicken meal (white meat) with mashed potatoes, gravy, and a delicious roll. The chicken was so juicy and seasoned perfectly. Translation - no salt or pepper needed, which is usually the first thing I do to fried chicken. I usually don't like using my hands to eat food, but I had no choice with this chicken. I felt like a fork and knife would have slowed down my eating process.  Instead, I shoved that chicken in my face and made all kinds of embarrassing animal noises until there was no meat left on 'dem bones. My wife opted for the cluck-e-tos, which were chicken taquitos with lettuce, cheese, and salsa. I was able to sneak a bit of these crunchy delights while keeping an eye on my chicken to make it wasn't going anywhere.  I have always associated taquitos with those frozen things that come in a 96-pack at Costco. This experience has made me a believer in this Americanized appetizer. The only thing that would make these better would be guacamole. (I'll trade the lettuce in for guacamole any day)My kids tried the chicken fingers which I rank third on the list of menu items. The chicken wasn't nearly as tender as the fried chicken, and was not anything special to yelp about.  Oh, I almost forgot to mention those incredible French fries. These thin cut fries were cooked perfectly, and had just the right amount of seasoning. In fact, next time I will sub out the mashed potatoes for the fries instead. The staff was super friendly, and the food came out really fast. However, the dining area is small, and is not wheelchair accessible. All 6 of us were crammed into the back corner trying our best to not kick each other under the table.  But, with food this good - I can put up with it.  I won't go anywhere else for chicken--EVER!
5	Get a turkey steak dinner with fries instead of coleslaw. Cluckers are also amazing, gobblers are amazing. Get them with an individual side of gravy and dip your sandwiches. Diet skinny chicken is also 30% less fat and cholesterol if you're watching your weight.  Ive been eating it since the womb it will never get old.
3	I do not have nostalgic memories to inflate my rating of this business, being that I neither 'grew up' on Farm Basket (I imagine I would not be as strong and healthy if I had) nor even ever heard of them in any way before stepping in to the lone remaining area establishment on account of needing calories FAST. PRO: The calories are indeed delivered to you fast. Seriously no more than two minutes after stepping through the open doorway I had my food in a tiny white bag -- seeping grease from it in various spots -- in my hand and on my way. CON: The food provided was grossly over*priced as well as fairly unimpressive. If you are going to charge Chick-Fil-A or Raising Cane's prices, I expect it to be close to the same quality (minus the unabashed homophobia and Jesus music playing in the case of CFA).PRO: They are a non-chain business (?) in a world of chains galore. CON: They won't be an any-type of business if they keep salting their fries so heavily that they will single-handedly kill all of their loyal clientele. My blood pressure might have tripled succeeding eating my small fries, which had more salt on them than I have had in months, combined.Conclusion: Their tagline is "We're Carried Away With Quality"; the truth is that they are carried away with their use of salt. Do not recommend unless you are suffering from dilutional hyponatremia. - E
5	You can only get it in Vegas, and there's only one left in the whole city! I remember getting Cluck e' tos when I was knee high to a grass hopper. Two for one on Thursdays is one of the best deals around. Don't forget your side of gravey, hahaa! I put that sh** on everything. Worth the drive through the drive thru after a night of drinking, for sure. The Gobbler is just as amazing to me as Capriotti's Bobbie, but the Gobbler is deep fried! The Clucker is delicious, too. I'm glad I ate my Cluck e' tos before reviewing, or I'd be in a sad state!!! Even heard a kid talking to his coworkers, at K Mart today, asking them if they ever had been. Of course, I had to say something, while walking by. I heard them say they'd go on the lunch break. Too cute. I love my Farm Basket! Only in Vegas, and one of the last of the Vegas Originals.
5	Classic fast food restaurant in Las Vegas for decades.  It has survived for several reasons.  More of a 4.5, than a 5.  The Clucker and Gobbler are their signature items in my opinion(My favorite the Clucker).  However, there are other various good menu items.
5	Not much to say when every time I go there the food is great. Try it you'll love it. Ask for Steve the owner he's on top of everything and a nice guy
1	THIS PLACE IS A CRIME!Ate here many times as a kid. The store in my neighborhood went under and the one on Tropicana did too. So after 10 years, I drove past the one on W. Charleston and decided to rekindle an old love affair.Not!!!The place is a pigsty for one, I mean just filthy! I almost drove away just waiting for my food and I had already paid for the swill they eventually served me.My Cluckeetos were vile, the Clucker sandwich was a $9 joke. The chicken itself was half the size that it used to be! It literally was the same size as that Snacker sandwich from KFC except it cost...$8 LESS! I kid you not, this sandwich is criminally small and the sad part was it tasted TERRIBLE!The fries tasted like they were recycled from another order and refried.I tried to complain but they told me over the phone that my complain was not warranted. I wrote a letter to the owner who never responded.I recommend that you EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK!
4	I only wish the one the Trop. never left us. The Great Gobbler and the Cluckitos are still as good as I remember them.
1	Had Chicken Fingers with Fries. I felt like I was eating grease on grease on grease. I should've went to Raising Canes, end of story.
1	So these guys have been here forever I heard. After coming here, WHY is my question.First of all, I was looking for a chicken combo meal. You know, a couple pieces of chicken, fries, and a drink. Let's see.......you can have a sandwich combo, a chicken finger combo, and a clucketo combo. They have a chicken combo but it does not come with a drink. That's not really a combo dude! So after looking around the place, I noticed everybody that was eating didn't have any actual chicken on their plates. All I saw were chicken fingers, sandwiches, and clucketos (chicken taquitos). As if that wasn't enough of  a clue that the chicken wasn't good. So I opted for the Gobbler Combo, which is a turkey sandwich. The turkey itself is a breaded patty and deep fried. They give you a small package of mayo to flavor it, which I thought sorely needed it. The fries it came with were dry and covered with a lot of salt. Sadly, it could not save those poor potato sticks. After forcing myself to eat the turkey sandwich, against my better judgement, I actually wanted to try their chicken so I got a leg and a wing. Might as well have been a piece of rubber and styrofoam. Service was mysteriously fast. After further observation, it looks like they cook everything in advance and put it under warmers. I know this because not one second has passed since I hand over my debit card, they have one of the cooks handing me the two pieces of cardboard......err I mean chicken in a bag. I literally saw him pulling the chicken out of the warmer. So after taking a bite which should have been a nibble, I was afraid it was gonna bite me back. I would not give this stuff to a starving homeless person. That would be considered an insult. So to the reader, please, PLEASE DO NOT EAT HERE. To the owner, since you have been there forever, I assume you got nothing to worry about since you got some people to actually come back and eat here.
4	Outdated decor, bathroom clearly not intended for the public, but the place to go if you're having a hankering for some fried chicken! Tasty and ample breading, hot and juicy chicken. Value priced, we'll be back next time we're in Vegas.
4	The Clucke 'tos rolled chicken tacos w/cheese, lettuce and salsa. Two for one on Sundays. The fries are yummy and both the gobbler turkey and the clucker chicken sandwiches very different and tasty. My family has been going here since the late 70's and a favorite fast food place for my dear Dad who is with the Lord. Here's to you Dad!
1	Farm Basket? After eating here I thought I was headed towards a warm casket.The fried chicken in the "family fried chicken dinner" I had was absolutely fried a day (or days) earlier and then thrown in the microwave. I've made the mistake of reheating leftover fried chicken in the microwave before and this was a reheat job. Never have I had such a thick, soggy coat of breading on a piece of fried chicken that slid off in a greasy mess in one wet disgusting piece. Thick and soggy...and tasteless! -And for comic relief, inside the meat was dry. Just the worst piece of fried chicken I ever had. I dare you to find an elementary school cafeteria that could produce worse. Even my girlfriend agreed, "wow, this is bad".To elaborate on the rest of the meal...The rolls were not freshThe cole slaw was dry and tastelessThe fries were INSANELY over-salted...and I've had better mashed potatoes lunchtime at a Chinese buffet.I really hoped I could go far on yelp without tossing out a one-star rating (as I have a soft spot for business owners) but to be this out of touch with what you are handing out across the counter is ridiculous.I might eat at a fried chicken joint twice a year, but with options such as Popeye's, KFC and Church's everywhere...how anyone can justify coming here is beyond me. I would love to dine with someone who gave this place 3 or more stars just to see how they could possibly feign a compliment on any level.
4	I love Farm Basket. I don't eat meat, just chicken. I love their chicken tenders. I usually get a finger meal deal. The chicken has a taste that no other restaurant has. I love it. Their ranch is good too. I think the fries are fried in something more than just regular oil, because they taste very salty but delicious at the same time. You get a pretty good amount of food for what you pay, and it's yummy, at least to me.I've given it 4 stars instead of 5 because of a couple reasons. One, there's no restroom inside. Two, there is a lady who works there that has zero clue what she's doing. My friend asked for hot sauce for his dipping sauce and she said they only have ranch, buffalo, etc not hot sauce. Buffalo is hot sauce, lady. She also then swiped my friend's card wrong and told us that my friend's card was being denied. He told her that she must have swiped it wrong, because he's used it that same day with no issues and there's money on it. She told him no, that there was no money on it and that the machine will not accept the card. He didn't have any cash on him so I took my wallet out. Not a fan.It is a small place. The tables are pretty small. There's only about 6 booths, also some outside seating. Food comes out really fast, though, and in my opinion, is a great meal to have on a cheat day. ;)
5	Love it!!!!
3	I wanted to see what my friend was hyping about. It's near my school campus so I went there for lunch. I ordered the finger meal. The meal was decent, probably for my comparison to raising canes (canes wins). I know it's been here in Las Vegas for decades so you can tell the place is an old establishment. I went through the drive thru and there's no drive thru intercom, service was still sufficient. The drive thru menu needs an update as one of the menu pages were not aligned properly. The menu selection is very simple and do family size chicken. Try it out if it temps you. Farm Basket will still be there.
3	Farm Basket is one of those jewels that you have to uncover from the earth, clean and wash, then chisel and shape to get the desired gem. The guys at work kept talking about how great this place was and when I finally tried it I was disappointed at how I got a smooshed bun wrapped around a KFC original piece-looking chic-fil-a. The fries were heavily seasoned but looked like someone cooked them ahead of time and with a STRONG hand grabbed them, then through it in the bag. I made fun of the guys for liking such a terrible place. I sat and thought. ...what would make this taste better? Hmmmm, throw away that complementary cranberry sauce, add mustard to the mayo, lettuce, tomato,  onions, a sturdy Togo container and WAHLAH! A whole new sandwich. I couldn't believe I was eating from the same place! I enjoyed my new Farm Basket upgrade.
5	I love Farm Basket! They seriously have the best fast food fried chicken. I tried this place about a year ago because I had a groupon and I keep coming back. I usually get the fried chicken dinner with roles, mashed potatoes, and French fries but today when we went through the drive thru. I ordered the chicken fingers meal. Omg it was amazing! Crispy chicken strips, juicy not greasy and it was all white meat chicken. The honey mustard sauce was awesome as well. I also ordered for the first time there cheesy fries. They were so good I didn't want to share! Shoe string French fries with gravy and cheese. I was in carb heaven! And I'm usually not a gravy person. This place is amazing I would recommend to go here when you're having a craving for fried chicken.
1	Farm basket is a place I rarely visit but today after work I wanted chicken fingers and I am lazy and they have a drive thru lol. So I ordered the finger meal deal which is 4 chicken fingers, small fries, one sauce and a drink. Total with tax is like $8 something. I asked for the chicken to be well done. It was not. I got Ranch for my dipping sauce but added honey mustard and hot sauce as well (which btw they charge for) and they were all horrible. The ranch was super watery as well as the hot sauce and the honey mustard was this lumpy yellow goo. Gross. I don't plan on returning and if you haven't been there save yourself a trip and don't go.
3	This place is small and seems to get busy during the lunch hour. I got a 5 finger combo which was more food than I could finish and it was like a ghetto Cane's lol. You get a ton of food here for cheap as long as you don't mind eating in a tiny little shack. I would come back here because the fingers were nice and juicy although the fries were meh. They also have a drive thru.
5	Love farm basket. They have the best chicken ever. Its very moist an good. I love the clucketos as well. With the cheese an lettuce an yoir choice of salsa it's great. Great mashed potatoes and gravy as well as the swwwt butter rolls. Its always a great quick dinner that you can kust drive thru an get. An tbe prices are well worth it.
5	I own a small business so I always try to support small businesses.   I have been in Las Vegas for 35 years...and the first place I went for chicken was Picnic n Chicken....now Farm Basket.  A lot has changed in Vegas over the past 35 years...mostly for the worse...Farm Basket, however, is consistently great food...reasonably priced with friendly service...I LOVE the gobbler turkey sandwich.
2	I strongly recommend the Farm Fries, a basket of thin-cut (McDonald's style) fries bathed in gravy (turkey?) and melted yellow shredded cheese. The richness of the gravy was on point and not overwhelming. It was a savory, calorie-laden treat. I read a review that the Gobbler was right up there with a Bobbie (my most favorite sandwich). After having one on this visit, I must disagree. The hunk of fried turkey was cooked well. Did I enjoy the flavor? Not really. I didn't detect any seasoning in the batter. The bun was smaller than I expected for a $5.99 price tag. I also fail to see the point of not dressing the sandwich. The cranberry and Miracle Whip would be better served on the Gobbler rather than in packets on the side. Farm Basket, I gave you a whirl, I enjoyed your fries but I'm sticking with Capriotti's for my turkey sandwiches.
5	Down to the last Farm Basket in town.  Always a great meal and great memories.
4	This is Las Vegas' version of KFC. It has been part of the city (and when they were in CA) for nearly 40 years. They use to have at least 4 sites in town, but are now down to one. Most of the menu items are the same menu from the 80s, and still as good as it was back then.   This is a small business that is worth supporting.
2	In the words of Drake, the Farm Fries here "be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there." In theory, anyway. Fries plus chicken gravy (with pieces of fried chicken) and shredded cheese, in a giant portion, for $4.  Except the gravy could be better, and the cheese is cheap and rendered almost tasteless. But if you can overlook the fact that the product could be better, it's excellent for drowning your sorrows in on a bad day.That being said, the chicken is largely regarded as mediocre and I ordered the clucketos and was underwhelmed as well- crispy, topped with lettuce and cheese, served with a side of salsa, but stuffed with chicken ground so finely as to make me suspicious of it's quality. And "The Gobbler" is basically a dry-as-ashes fried piece of poultry (you can't even taste that it's turkey), about on par in size and appearance with the "Chicken Littles" or "Snackers" at KFC, served with packets of cranberry and Miracle Whip. Not only is the sandwich sad, small, and disgusting, but it's not worth more than a buck or two.And whoever created Miracle Whip should be burned at the stake.As others have said, order was ready in a flat two minutes- which is remarkable. Frankly I'm surprised the clucketos were so crisp because I can't figure out how they cooked them so fast. But those fries, man... it's actually kind of a blessing they're not better. I mean unless your life goal is to weigh four hundred pounds.
4	Old school, tasty food. Anytime I find myself near Charleston and Jones I have to stop by, even if not hungry. This is your parents version of fast food and takes me back to the late 80s early 90s in my mind. Everyone I take here rolls their eyes at first then later want to come back. Wish this wasn't the only 1 left but hopefully it isn't going anywherePros- good portions, mashed potatoes and gravy are awesome, Great Gobbler turkey sandwich is a must have. Courteous fast serviceCons- prices can be a bit high for most considering its fast food, I have never liked cluck ee tos and am convinced they only sell because the clever silly name
1	This place suceeds in spite of itself. It has a great location, and an appealing look. I wish I could say the same about the food. I agree with Jamie P's review; the food is not quality. If you're in the mood for this type of food, and don't feel like driving 90 miles to the nearest Chic Fil A, then settle for Raising Caine. You'll at least get hot food, quality fries, and a friendly attitude. I am done with this; one and out.
5	This place is the best!!! So sad that it is the last one in town, anytime I'm on this side of town I make sure to stop.
4	Have passed by this place many times and finally stopped in last night. Didn't expect much so we were not disappointed. It's a quaint little place, a few booths and the bathroom is outside. They have a drive thru too. So we ordered a clucker special and a 2 piece lunch. My husband loved his clucker sandwich. It was hot and juicy. Fries were average, but the bread was good too. I had the crispy fried chicken. Also hot and juicy. Good flavor. Mashed potatoes and gravy were good. Cole slaw was nothing to write home about. They put a sweet glaze on a huge roll that was a sweet surprise. All in all...the food was good. You should not go expecting a five star experiene; it's a little hole in the wall and it's perfectly imperfect.  The food is good so we will be back. Give it a try!
5	Why 5 stars? You wouldn't have to ask that question if you have lived in Las Vegas for over thirty years.But in case you haven't, you need to understand that this was at one point THE fast-food chicken restaurant to go to. Before the Colonel and his Kentucky-fried chicken took over much of the market, there was a Farm Basket in every corner of the town. Now there is one. I thought they were out of business. Nope. Found it today, ate there, remembered why I love it so much. For our visitors, those who have travelled here for business and/or pleasure, and you are looking for a culinary expedition, try this place out.
4	I like their chicken. They make it in all forms. I always have the cluck 'e' tos. (Chicken tacos) They are amazing. Fast service and always very clean.
5	This is a great little hole in the wall joint. I ordered the chicken plate. The chicken is very good, mash potatoes and gravy is excellent, and the chicken soup is very flavorful.
5	If you don't like Farm Basket we cant hang out! Place has been amazing since the 70's....dont sleep!
