4	This is a cute little shop that just opened up in Town Square. I'm not really into Anime or gaming, but they have tons of cute accessories from this world, both old school and modem items. They play all the cute music from anime cartoons and the prices were pretty reasonable considering location. They even have clothing, including novelty t shirts, wallets, jewelry, costumes and wigs. Worth a stop in if you're into this stuff.
4	The way everything is organized is great. With that said I think they can do so much more. They need more things that no other store can carry. I think that would set them apart from the rest and will help them survive in Town Square. That and they should expand the place with more things.
4	This is a pretty nice anime store. Not the best one I've ever been to, I found the selection of actually anime kinda disappointing. Just not the greatest selection but the store makes up for this by the assortment of knick-knacks like a pocket watch from Fullmetal Alchemist. Necklaces with various icons from different animes. Key chains with similar symbols attached. Though the best thing, and don't think I'm just writing this because I'm a guy and I'm into this thing (though I kinda am) are the girls who work here come dressed up in cosplay! It's actually kinda cool. Some of these girls (if not all of them) must love this job. I mean, where else can you find a place that will pay you to do something you really enjoy? Sigh, if only I lived here in Vegas.
2	I love anime and games, but this store is lackluster and overpriced.As soon as I heard about this place I knew I wanted to check it out. I'm an anime fan, even if not to the extent of some of the people around this town you see dressed up at the conventions. If a shop opens up carrying anime stuff, you can rest assured I'm bound to check it out eventually.After finally getting a chance to check it out, though, I am severely disappointed.As soon as I walked into the store I was greeted by a girl dressed as Princess Peach (from the Mario series), so you can tell they are fans, which is good at least. As soon as I entered, I took a lap around the store looking to find their selections of anime DVDs, And another lap. And another.THE STORE DOES NOT HAVE ANY ANIME DVDS.Are you kidding me? The whole reason I go into an anime store is to collect discs of my favorite titles or discover new ones. An anime store that does not stock anime DVDs is like Pizza Hut deciding they are not going to sell pizza anymore. They also do not carry any actual video games (it is not clear if they intend to stock any of this material in the future, but if they are not, they need to reconsider.)They do have some cool memorabilia (cosplay props, household items, keychains, collectables, figures, etc.), but nearly all of it is severely overpriced. The Dragon Ball Z Scouters (AKA the things people war on their faces to tell power levels) cost over $10 more here than they do at Tokyo Discount. And Tokyo Discount has stores on both end of town, with no hectic Town Center parking or traffic.I was so eagerly looking forward to visiting Anime Revolution, but a revolution this is not. When it comes to anime and anime accessories, just go to Tokyo Discount instead. They actually have anime DVDs, and have a better selection of memorabilia, most of which is priced fairer. Stop in if you're at Town Square anyway, but do not make a separate trip just to go here.
3	Pretty big store. But way over priced for some the items,  Cheaper to buy them on line.
1	Over priced. Too much room. I'd rather go to tokyo discount.
5	Cool little shop with great owners that are willing to go the extra mile to help you out.
1	Sorry but I wasn't impressed. My first time inside I was pretty shocked because there was so much space inside the store but they weren't even selling a lot...Also they only had one little section devoted to mangas and that was pretty limited too. And I didn't see any DVDs available. Tshirts were also limited because it was on on area of the wall. Since it was an anime store I was hoping they would have some old school anime items but no, they mainly carried and advertised new and popular pieces for example attack on Titan and sword art online.
